1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MSS
1 represent in relation to this bill. They have
tcndeicd more than two regiments to the Presi-
dent for this service,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdraw the
call for (ho previous question.
Mf. SMITH, of Illinois. I do not wish to de-
tain the House long; but on a question of this
importance, and one m which my constituents fuel
so deep an interest, I could not be content to give
a silent vote, I am in favor of giving to the Ad-
ministration troops enough to settle the difficulty
in Utah. If the matter were open to contiact, I
would guaranty that the State of Illinois wouid
undertake to subdue these Mormons, and foi :e
them into obedience to the laws of the country.
In the early part of the session, I tendered to the
President the service of two regiments fiom my
district, to maintain the supremacy of our laws
and the honor of the country. I stated, in my
letter of tender, that, at a very short notice, two
regiments could be furnished.
Now, sir, as to whether regulars or volunteers
are best suited for this service, my mind is made
up as to what is the true policy and the duty of
this Government. We have had too many dem-
onstrations of the gallant services of the volun-
teers to doubt their efficiency. I believe that, at
the battle of Buena Vista, if our force had been
composed entirely of regulars we would have been
defeated. I am told that a distinguished officer
stated that the volunteers had been whipped, ac-
cording to the science and rules of war, twice, hut
that they did notknowit. If they wete whipped,
they were like the boy we have all heard of—
they would not stay whipped ! They went there
to win avictory, to maintain the honor and integ-
rity of ihe country^and they did it effectually.
In my judgment, sir, there is no force equal to
that of regulars and volunteers combined. There
is a rivalry created as to which shall do the most
efficient and the most gallant service. I behove
that the glorious deeds of our Army in Mexico
are attributable to the fact that the force there was
composed of regulars and volunteers.
I am willing to vote any amount of troops I
may deem necessary. I am not sufficiently con-
versant with the subject to say whether more
troops are needed or not; but I am w ilhng to take
the message of the Piesident, and the report of
the Secictary of War. I have great confidence,
too, in the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs?, [\lr. Q,tjitman j He has seen ser-
vice, and I am willing to follow in his lead in tins
matter. There may be one or two provisions in
his hill which I would be glad to change. He
provides that the troops shall be received in reg-
iments. If they only give to my State one or
two regiments, L shall be satisfied. But, sir, as
\vc of Illinois are not exactly in good odor, just
at this time, I am afiaid that my constituents,
much as they may wish to serve the country and
to fight its battles, and much as they may wish
to take out an old grudge against the Mormons
for outrages committed by them in my State, un-
less some provision is made for receiving less than
ft regiment, will not have an opportunity to show
their devotion to the counti y, and to help to mam-
tain the supremacy of its laws.
When I got up I stated that I had no intention
of making a speech; nor have I. I simply wished
to express the views of my constituents, and, as I
believe, those of the State of Illinois, in this mat-
ter. They are patriotic, and they aie willing to
vote any amount of men and money, atanv tune,
to maintain the supremacy of the law, and the
honor and integrity of the country.
Mr. BLAIR. Representinga region of country
as much interested in this question as any other,
I have for several days sought the floor, but with-
out success. The principal points involved m this
discussion, that i desired to present, have been
already submitted by the gentlemen whohavead-
dresse'd the House, and they have been treated in
much better language than I could hope to employ.
It will he especially unnecessary for me to make
any defense of the volunteers, after the able de-
feusu of that bianch of the service by the chair-
man of the ''ommittfe, [Mr. Quitman',] who re-
ported the bni to the House, and I shall pass to
oth'T topics.
The question which I desire to present to the
House is, whether the National Government is
prepared to exercise a wholesome control over hs
dependent territories, distant three thousand miles
from this seat of central power, or whether it is  
intended that they shall run riot yet longer in the ;
privileges of (i squatter sovereignly." I say it is
the duty of the Government, and especially if it
has any regard for the interests of the people who
live in the valley of the Mississippi, to reduce the ,
Territory of Utah to a condition which will enable -
the people of that valley to pass across the conti-
nent to the Pacific ocean. As it is, the Mormons
have created a blockade in the midst of our own
territoiies against the citizens of our own Govern-
ment. They send to this body what they call a
petition, or memorial, but which really amounts
to a defiance of the Government, telling yon which
of the citizens of our Government shall go to
Utah; and who shall not be allowed to enter that
Territory. This House is called upon to entertain
that petition, to consider it: and, if I am to take
the speeches of some gentlemen upon this floor
as indicating the sense of the House at all, we are
to permit that people to settle upon the territories
of this Government, and prevent the entrance into
them of any persons obnoxious to them.
1 do not exaggerate; I have their own words
for it They tell us in that memorial that we may
send there the Governor and otherterritorial offi-
cers, but that we may not send other persons—
these troops—because they may not come into
the Territory with good intentions.
Not only is that true which they themselves ;
have stated, but it is also tiuc that they have !
driven from that Territory the civil officers we !
have heretofore sent there. And who knowsbut 1
that they wnl drive out those whom we have re- ;
ccntly sent there, unless they are accompanied by i
a body of men sufficient to support them? Who
knows but what they will repeat the insolencc of
which they have already bcenguilty, and the out- i
rages which they have already perpetrated upon i
American citizens ? i
I desire, Mr. Speaker, to call the attention of ;
the House to some of the legislative acts passed :
by that people. I had in my hand the other day ;
a copy of the laws of Utah, which, however, is j
notto be found in ourGovcrnment libraties, where ,
the law requires that it should be found. The
government of Utah has never conformed to that
provision of Congress which requires that copies
of their laws should be sent to Congress. They
have for many years enjoyed the privileges of
squatter sovereignty,and have passed laws which
have never undergone the revision of Congress os
required by the law under which that government •
was organized. I obtained the privilege, however,
of perusing that volume of laws at the hands of
one of the officials who were recently driven irom
that Territory.
In that volume I find one law for the incorpo-
ration of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-
Day Saints, giving that body the power to hold
property, personal and real, to an indefinite
amount, and the power to inflict punishment for
breaches of church discipline. These same laws
have granted out to individuals among the saints
all the valuable Kind in the Territory, and invested
them with every valuable ferry pwvilegc in the
Territory. They have also imposed taxes upon
all who pass through that Territory; and those
taxes arc paid to tne Church. Now, sir, those
lands have nevoi yet been thrown open by the
Government to preemption. It used to be the
policy of this Government, up to a very recent
tim^, to dragoon the citizens off irom the public
lands. But here a people who have very little
claim to the clemency of this Government have
absolutely taken possession of all the valuable
lands m that Territory, and have partitioned it
out among themselves.
Tiiev have established, among other things, an
omiginnt fund, by winch they bung into their
Territory os many as are useful to them, and as
they are willing to allow to come in, Th«y have
legalized African slavery and the system of Indian
peonage. I can refer gentlemen to the pages of
the statute where these laws arc found; and Iwdl
say to gentlemen who are desirous of consulting
these laws, that thev will find a copy of them m
the hands of Mr. Burr, who was the late surveyor
general of that Territory.
They aiso provide for the compromise of crim-
inal suits between the indicted ctiminal and the
prosecutor, at any stage of the suit before tiial
and conviction, 'fhey grant the territorial pro-
bate court ajurisdiction equal to that of the Uni-
ted States courts; and they forbid the. readings
any law in the United St-aj^s statute-books,, orojir
any of the decisions of the United States emn'ts-j
in their courts, under a penalty. Theypuni$U
attorneys with fine and imprisonment for-net te!H
ing what has been confided to them-by their
j cms, and they authorize very-loose consiru&Wi
; of the laws,declaring that a law may.be const-rued
1 in any tense, and that the plural may be taken-for
; the singular; a provision by which almost any
! consu uction in the world may be placed upoa
I a law. They establish polygamy, and make* its
; observance a religious duty.
j I have already referred to the fact of their dls-
! posing of the lands belonging to the Government
! of the United States; and I will now also allude
j to another law, which may be found on page 120
of the statute-book, which was made for th^.pur-
j pose of harassing non-residents and drivifTS; ob-
! noxious people out of their Territory, by aeon*
fiscation of their property. There never was such
a system of laws invented as this people have.
They have united every power, both political and
religious, in the hands of one man; and by the
connivance of this Government, for a series of
years, that man was made Governor of .the Terri-
tory, and has been kept in that position.
They come here now and complain, in their
memorial or petition, as they call it, that we have
sent to that Territory non-resident civil officers,
while probably that Territory is the only instance
among all our Territories where they have had a
man appointed over them selected from among
their own people. Now, sir, we sent to New
Mexico, to a people who lived in that country
years before almost any of our States were set-
tled, and certainly before any of them .were or-
ganized into States, and long before the American
Revolution, a Governor selected from this part of
the country. This case was made almost the sol-
itary exception, on account, perhaps,ofa tender-
ness of feeling for those people, who had some
peculiarities which wedid not then suppose would
lead to the distressing consequenccs which have
i resulted. We have indulged them; and what has
; been their conduct growing out of the indulgence
[ granted to them ? They manufacture a code of
1 laws intended to wrest the whole of that Terri-
! tory from this Government, and to harass every
: man sent out there who does not belong to their
i persuasion, and rob them of their property and
"•murder them upon the plains.
, I believe that in any court of the United States
' Biigham Young and his Mormon followers would
; be convicted ot the murder of Captain Gunnison
i mid his party. It could not have been done by
I the Indians. All of Gunnison's party wore found
j with their scalps on, and not a mark was found
, upon them that would indicate that they had been
! killed by the Indians. On the contrary, they died
■ ■ from gun-shot wounds, and the Indians in that
l! part of the country almost invariably use the bow
and arrow. There were other marks upon them,
! as proved by the party which discovered their re-
, mains, which indicated to every man familiar with
I Indian warfare, that they had been slain by tho
j Mormons-.
Mr. Bndger, an old mountaineer, who had lived
in unit country for upwards of thirty years, at-a
i nlaoe now calied Port Bridger, was driven out of
'! the Toiritory, and barely escaped with his life,
j He was robbed of ali he possessed, and he came
' on here and hovered about the city of Wasluns;-
:! ton until his feet were almost worn oil, begging
. the Government to interpose in his behalf. But
II m that he failed. This Government has suffered
1 more by that people, and endured more from them
, than any other Government in the world would
j have suffered and endured.
j Now, gentlemen object to raising an army to
i rescue our own people there, for there are many
: of them now there, and to take back again our
; rights m that country, of which we have been
robbeu by those Mormons; and more and greater
than all, to prevent that country from being blocked
up against our own citizens who desire to cross
i the continent. I say that the people who live in
the West and Northwest will not tolerate, for a
single instant, that that country shall be blocked
up against them by the Mormons.
1 Again, objection is made that we have force
enough already. Gentlemen have argued-that-, if
; you withdraw troops fiom this place and that
' place, we have troops enough to rescue-ourp^ople
