98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
under the impression that we have a large amount
of money on hand, and that we may as well dis-
burse it to relieve the Treasury, which could
never pass under other circumstances. I myself
have voted for appropriations because there was
an amount of money lying idle in the Treasury
which I would not have voted for if it had been
necessary to raise the money in order to meet
the appropriations.
It has been assumed, on the other side, and con-
ceded by some on this side of the Chamber, I
am sorry to say, that there is a necessity for rais-
ing $20,000,000; but there is no evidence of such
necessity before the Senate. It is a bare assump-
tion, and I ask Senators to look at the facts. If
you vote for this bill, you are voting to raise
$20,000,000 without a particle of evidence before
you to show that such an amount, or anything
like it, is necessary. This is a very large sum of ^
money. It has been assumed, and seems to have"
been taken for granted, that it was necessary for
the Treasury to have $12,000,000 on hand in order
to meet the necessary expenses of the Government
as tliey occur. This is a false assumption; it is
erroneous in point of fact. The Government re-
quires no such amount, as is evidenced from its
previous action. At a time when the Treasury
was full,and when Congress did not know what
to do with the money, they made a provision
for purchasing the indebtedness of the Uniied
States not then due, and inserted this clause in
the law:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he i<; heicby,
authorized to purchase, at the currcni price, any of the out-
standing stocks of the United States a:* ho may think most
advisable, from any surplus funds in the Treasuiy: Pro-
vided, That the balance 111 the Treasury bhall not at any
time be reduced below $6,000,000."
Congress authorized the reduction of the bal-
ance in the Treasury down to $6,000,000 on the
idea that that sum was abundantly sufficient to be
kept on hand for the convenient operations of the
Mint and all other purposes. Tins act was passed
in 1853, three years after the act which was re-
ferred to by the .Senator from Louisiana. Con-
gress thought it unwise to have more than
$6,000,000 in the Treasury, and authorized the
Secretary of the Treasuiy to purchase bonds so
as to reduce the sum on hand to that amount.
Now, what is the condition of your Treasury ?
The Senator from Virginia sent to the desk the
other day a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, ana that letter was read, for the purpose of
showing the necessity for the passage of tins bill,
it is to be presumed, inasmuch as the Secretary is
favorable to the bill, that ho stated the case a.j
strongly as the facts would warrant. What does
he say* He docs not state that $12,000,000, or
any other sum, is necessary to be kept on hand.
That has been assumed on the other aide of tin-
Chamber in the same manner as some Senators
have assumed that no one objected to the neces-
sity of raising this amount of money. We do
object. There is no necessity whatever shown
for it. The Secretary of the Treasury shows,
simply, that the disbursements are we< kly exceed-
ing the income, and that the amount on hand is
now reduced below $(5,000,000, having reference,
no doubt, to the act of 1853, which was predi-
cated upon the idea that it was necessaty at all
times to have $6,000,000 in the Treasury, for the
convenience of the business of the Treasury De-
partmentand the Mint; but he docs not state how
much itifi below thatamount. He states further,
as a reason why money should be raised, that on
the 1st of January it will be necessary to pay
our interest on the public debt, amounting to
$722,629 29. The best case that the Secretin y of
the Treasury can make outis,that the amountin
the Treasury has been reduced something below
#6,000,000, the sum which the act of 1B.;3 assumed
to be the proper amount to be kept on hand, and
that we have $722,629 29 interest to pay in Jan-
uary. Does that make out a case showing the
necessity for $20,000,000? The Secretary docs
not say in this letter that £20,000,000 are neces-
sary, or that $5,000,000are necessary. He does
not undertake at all to say how much may be ne-
cessary ; but he thinks it advisable that $20,000,000
should be borrowed, or notes to that amount au-
thorized to be issued; and he says they will not
be used unless they are wanted. Does not the
Senator from Virginia see that that runs into the
very difficulty which the Secretary of the Treas-
ury says we have been in all along by having
so much revenue, that we have incurred unneces-
sary expenses?
I wish to call attention for a moment to some
of the expenses which are alluded to by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury by the improper establish-
ment of custom-houses where they ought not to
be. Before I proceed to name the cases—I shall
call attention to only two or three of them—I will
make a general remark, that the action of this
Government for the last few years has been just
as inconsistent with its professions in regard to
centralizing power here in the Federal Govern-
ment, as it is now inconsistent after the message
of the President and the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury in asking, at the expiration of
eleven days, for $20,000,000. It used to be the
good old Democratic creed not to have any more
officers than were necessary for the administra-
tion of the Government, to preserve the rights of
the States, and not to consolidate power in the
hands of the Federal Government. Sir, that is
the kind of Democracy in which 1 believe. But
this Government has been going on, not only
increasing its expenses, but increasing its patron-
age and multiplying its officers, at a fearful rate,
for the last few years.
By reference to the report of receipts and ex-
penditures made at the last session of Congress,
1 find that there is established at Perth Amboy,
New Jersey, acustom-house, with acollector. The
whole amount, according to the report which I
hold in my hand, of the receipts from the collec-
tion of customs in that district for the year, was
$1,701 18. "What was the expense of keeping
up that office? On referring to the expenditures
for collecting the revenue from customs at Perth
Amboy, New Jersey, I find the amount to be
$3,796—more than double the amount of revenue
collected at that point. At Edenton, North Car-
olina, the amount collected was $171; the expenses
were $204. At Pensacola, Florida, tho amount
collected wafe $351 49, and the amount expended
was $2,892—nearly nine times as much was ex-
pended m order to keep up the custom-house and
pay the officers as was collected on goods entered
at that port. I ha\e not had timo to follow this
inquiryout; but I have no doubt if I were to look
to some of the offices established away up in the
mountains, thousands of miles from the sea-board,
I should iind that the salaries paid to collectors
and to watchmen, and for the rent of buildings,
exceeded frequently ten times the whole amount
of revenue collected at these places.
What has led to the establishment of these use-
less offices, and the increase of Executive patron-
age? An overflowing Treasury, and a desire to
furnish places for some hungry office-seekers.
This is not only the ease m regard to the col-
lection of the revenue, but it is so in reference to
tho judiciary. Almost every session of late some
State having but one judicial district is divided
into two, and a new judge, district attorney, and
marshal have to be appointed, and all the expenses
of another court incurred. Last session, I re-
member, a bill was introduced to divide the State
of Missouri into two judicial districts, and it
passed. Upon what ground5 Why, that some
other State had been divided the year previous;
and it was just as necessary to have two districts
in Missouri as somewhere else. Within a few
days the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] has
offered a bill to divide the State of Indiana into
two judicial districts; and probably the reason for
the passage of that bill will be, that Illinois and
Missouri have been divided. Iowa will come
next, and so on until you get two judicial districts
in every State of the Union, with judges, mar-
shals, district attorneys, and all the expenses at-
tending those courts. I find, on lookingmto the
report of the estimated expenses, that $1,000,000
is estimated for the expenses of the judiciary for
the next year.
We certainly ought to have courts enough to
do the business that legitimately and properly
comes before the United States tribunals; but it
never was the intention in the foundation of this
Government, that the Federal judiciary should
be so arranged as to afford an opportunity for all
classes of cases, including those between citizens
of the same State, to be brought before it for adju-
dication. We know that many cases iind their
way into the United States courts, of late, of which
it was never intended they should have jurisdic-
tion, The law does not authorize citizens of the
same State to bring private suits against each
other in the Federal courts; but we know how
that is evaded. The suit is brought in the name
of a citizen of some other State. By this multi-
plication of courts, and holding them in small
localities, you draw within the vortex of the Fed-
eral Government thousands of cases which were
never intended to-be litigated elsewhere than in
the State courts, and which ought not to be liti-
gated elsewhere. It is only as to that class of
cases where there is some reason to suppose that
justice would not be properly administered by the
State courts, that the United States courts should
have jurisdiction. Now, they are swallowing up
the whole law business of the country by bring-
ing them down, as it were, to every little neigh-
borhood. When we shall have established two
districts in every State, the proposition, I sup-
pose, will be made for a third in some State; and
that will be followed by having three judges, and
all the paraphernalia connected with the adminis-
tration of three Federal courts in every State of
the Union.
I am opposed to this system of legislation; and
I hope my Democratic friends who profess, at
any rate, to be opposed to consolidating power in
the hands of the Federal Government, and to be
in favor of an economical administration of its
affairs, will begin now to lay the foundation for
curtailing expenses and the rapid increase of Ex-
ecutive patronage, by preventing this large sur-
plus from getting into the Treasury. I repeat
that there is nothing shown—the Senator from
Virginia has not shown anything—requiring the
issue of $20,000,000. It is a mere request of the
Secretary of the Treasury. He has not shown
$6,000,000 to be necessary. The acts of Con-
gress themselves show that $6,000,000 is all that
is required to be on hand. All that the Secretary
has shown is that the amount of surplus has been
reduced below $6,000,000; and that a little over
seven hundred thousand dollars will be necessary
as an extraordinary expense on the 1st of January
next. Does that showing call for $20,000,000 ? If
you raise the $20,000,000, shall we not then be be-
set by all sorts of applications to get the money out
of the Treasury ? Do we not know by experience
that when the income is large, the expenses will
be proportionably large? Let us keep the amount
in the Treasury down to the lowest point. I
would say never let it get above the $6,000,000.
If I had my way, so far from increasing the tariff
in order to get a surplus in the Treasury, I would
reduce it, if necessary, so that there never should
be over $6,000,000 there, if thatis the proper sum;
and I assume that it is, because Congress, in its ac-
tion heretofore, has directed any surplus exceed-
ing that amount to be used in the purchase of the
outstanding debt of the United States.
Under such circumstances as these, I think
it most extraoi dinary that a call like this should
made by the Administration. It may be said, be
and has been said, that the Administration is not
responsible for large expenditures; but what is
the fact? It is said Congress votes the appropri-
ations; but we vote them upon the estimates of
the Departments. Here comes in an estimate for
this year of $20,000,000 for the support of the
Army, and matters connected with it. Do we look
into and examine it ? I will not undertake to say
that a portion of these $20,000,000 is expended
just as uselessly as other portions of the public
moneys are expended in paying useless officers.
I will not say that there are in the Army, as there
are connected with the Treasury Department,
hundreds of officers not needed for the public ser-
vice; but I do not know that it may not be so. I
think it quite as likely that there are abuses there
as in the civil service.
Then, I am opposed to this bill. In the first
place, I am opposed to issuing this paper currency.
1 was in favor of the Independent Treasury; am
in favor now of collecting the revenues of the
country, and disbursing them m gold and silver,
and I do not wish to see thatpolicy departed from.
The Government must go on, and I am prepared
to vote the amount necessary to keep it moving?
but I am not prepared to vote such a sum as
$20,000,000, or anything like it. Congress is in
session, and if, at the end of sixty or ninety da^s,
it shall be necessary that we should raise a furtner
sum than is now provided, a bill can be passed m
a very short time. We see this bill about to be
forced through this body in two or three days 
