1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
be laid unless in proportion to the census; that no
preference should be given, by any regulation of
commerce or of revenue, to the ports of one State
over those of another State; thereby inhibitingand
restraining a geographical majority from indulg-
ing partiality for themselves, or prejudice against
a geographical minority, by sectional or class le-
gislation, whereby the property of some States
or classes of citizens might be taken and trans-
ferred to otherStates orclasses of citizens, or other
acts of oppression or injustice might be achieved.
They gave Congress power to pass " uniform
laws on the subject of bankruptcy throughout the
United States,'" because, if that power was re-
served to the States exclusively, injustice might
be done the bankrupt or his creditors, when they
resided in different States, or he held property in
several States.
They inhibited the States from " coining mon-
ey, making anything but gold or silver, coin a
legal tender, or passing any law impairing the
obligation of contracts;" empowered Congress to
" com money and regulate the value thereof and
of foreign coin, and to fix the standard of weights
and measure?;" and declared that " private prop-
erty shall not be taken for public use without
just compensation therefor;"and that" no person
shall be deprived of life,liberty, or property, with-
out due process of law." All of which were
precautions for the freedom of property and its
defense against the usurpations or assaults of
Government.
In the same spirit, to enable citizens of each
State to trade or travel in any other State, or to
hold property therein, free from confiscation,
escheat, unequal taxation, robbery, or other in-
jury, by that State or its citizens, they declared
that " the citizens of each Statu shall be entitled
to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States."
No power was given Congress to define prop-
erty, except in respecr to money, or to discharge
any article from being property. These powers
were retained by the States or the people. And
to "make assurance doubly sure," they super-
added two amendments to the Constitution, de-
claring "the enumeration in the Constitution of
certain rights shaii not be construed to deny or dis-
parage others retained by the people;" and <s the
powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people."
Thus was sovereignty over property not only
withheld from the Federal Government, but spe-
cifically guarded against. All these delegations
and prohibitions of power were efforts to protect
the rights of private property, or the rights of in-
dividuals to what belongs to them. They evince
the jealous anxietv and care of the people to pre-
serve the free use and enjoyment of their prop-
erty, and to prevent Government from exerting
over it any absolute or indefinite power.
One species of property, held in all the States
except Massachusetts, (where it was abolished
by judicial construction and not by intentional
legislation,) was an object of peculiar solicitude—
that was slave property. That property which
had existed among the most cultivated nations of
the earth from the days of Abraham, was then
recognized and tolerated not only in America, (as
shown by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin,] in his very able argument a few days
since,) but by the first Powers of Europe. It was
recognized by customary or common law, or by
prescription, in the larger portion of Christendom.
And notwithstanding the oft-quoted and misap-
plied phrase of the Declaration of Independence,
" that all men arc born free and equal," the author
and signers of that instrument were either slave-
holders or their representatives. Indeed, a clause
reprobating the enslaving of the inhabitants of
Afnca was struck out of that instrument, Mr. Jef-
ferson says, in compliance to South Carolina and
Georgia, and our northern brethren; thereby re-
fusing to acknowledge their right to freedom and
equality with white men.
The framers of the Federal Constitution, too,
were cither slave-owners or their representatives.
I believe they were all white men; were not bas-
tards or foundlings, but knew their parentage and
race; and were not thcorctic amalgamationists,
contemplating with complacency the commixture
of their blood with that of their negroes, and the
transmission to a mongrel progeny of the polit-
ical inheritance they were amassing. Hence, I
presume that by the words "ourselves and our
posterity," in the preamble of the Constitution,
they meant to secure to white men the blessings
of liberty. I am confirmed in that opinion by the
intrinsic evidence of the Constitution itself.
As slaves were then recognized as property by
nearly all of Christendom, and by all the States
of the Confederacy but one, and as no power was
given Congress to define property, except as to
money, or to abolish property, slave-owners would
have been entitled to governmental protection of
their slave property without any constitutional
recognition of it, by force of those clauses of the
Constitution which I have quoted; and even with-
out these, by virtue of those fundamental princi-
ples of society to which I have alluded.
But the framers of that charter did not rest their
rights upon necessary intendment or implication
from those clauses of the Constitution, or from
general principles of social organization, but su-
peradded cumulative, specific, and stringent pro-
visionsfor the protection and preservation of slave
property.
It was, as Mr. Madison said in the Federal
convention, the most material cause of the divis-
ion of interests in the United States; and had to
be adjusted before a common government was
formed. It was one of those " particular inter-
ests" the convention had to provide for and de-
fend, m order to secure the union of South Caro-
lina, Georgia, and North Carolina, with the other
States. Hence, no power wasgivenCongress to
abolish, impair, circumscribe, or restrain that in-
stitution, but, on the contrary, the framers of the
Constitution provided for augmenting, strength-
ening, guarantying, and maintaining it.
They recognized, tolerated, and even encour-
: aged it, in sanctioning the importation of slaves,
i by expressly denying to Congress power to pro- ||
| hibititbefore 1808, or to impose on it'a taxorduty j|
| exceedingtendollarsforeach negro imported;and ij
| by further inhibiting the States from amending j!
| that clause of the Constitution within thatperiod. jj
I Here was given the triple guarantee of the States i
i and Federal Governmentfor the augmentation of ;
i slavery; in inhibiting Congress from suppressing
, the slave trade, orfrom discouraging it by heavy \\
' taxes or duties, and in inhibiting the States from j;
i empowering Congress to suppress or restrain it, .|
j by amending that clause, for twenty years. But, ]i
[ while the power of Congress to prohibit or dis- j|
; courage was thus limited, uolimitation was placed jj
j on its power to extend, revive, or even perpetuate jj
i the slave trade. The Constitution said to Con- ;;
; gress, you shall not prohibit the importation of
; slaves for twenty years, but, thereafter, you may
; prohibit or allow it. And Congress might, at
i this day, license that trade with strict conformity
| to the spirit and intent of the Constitution. Yet,
' s.trange to tell, this clause of the Constitution has
| been cited as proof of its disfavor of slavery!
j Theynotonlyrecognized,butconsolidated and
j strengthened slavery by adopting it as a federal
| institution, m making it the basis of federal rep-
• resentation and of federal taxation; thus prefer-
ring and fostering it above all other property,
! by making it alone, of all property, an element nt
< political power in the Union, as well as a source
of revenue to the Federal Government. ^Inasmuch
as the " revenue is the State"—for without revc-
. nue the State could not exist—and as representa-
tion is a vital principle of republics, it_ mayjje
; truly said that the Federal Union owes its being
j at this day, and its birth m 17b8, m part to sla-
1 very, and that slavery enteis into the very liic-
' blood which nourishes the Federal Government.
! The Constitution recognizes slavery as a fed-
| cral institution m providing for its protection and
; preservation, by inhibiting each State from de-
stroying or impairing the rightof property in
! slaves, by any law or regulation discharging from
1 service any slave that may escape into it, and by
' requiring that he be delivered up on claim of his
' master. "At that time," says Chancellor Wal-
i worth, in Jack vs. Martin, (14 Wend. 52G,) " the
: existence of involuntary set vitude, or the relation
of master and servant, was known to, and recog-
nized bv, the laws of every State in the Union, ex-
cept Massachusetts; and the legal right of recap-
tion by the master existed in all, as a part of the
customary or common law of the whole Confed-
eracy."
Yet, notwithstanding this customary or com-
mon law, the constitutional right of recaption and
constitutional obligation not to discharge but to
deliver, were superadded as higher and stronger
and surer guarantees for the defense and preser-
vation of slavery.
Thus are slaves acknowledged and warranted
in the Constitution as property—property to be
imported, to be taxed, to be represented, to be
delivered upon demand of the master. Thus was
slavery shown, in several respects, by the Federal
Constitution, peculiar favor instead of disfavor.
Itis theonly property thatis specifically provided
for and placed beneath the aegis of the Union. The
Constitution recognizes it as a reserved right
of the people and of the States, but imposes a
federal duty on the States and their common
Government to respect and uphold it, in several
particulars and relations, above all other property.
Power to abolish, circumscribe, or restrain it, is
withheld; but power is granted, and the duty im-
posed on the Federal Government to protect and
preserve it. Congress cannot touch it, exceptto
take care of it.
The Constitution further guaranties the insti-
tution of slavery in two other clauses, by em-
powering Congress to call forth the militia to
suppress insurrections and repel invasions, and by
requiring the United States to protect each State
against invasion, and on application of her Legis-
lature, or Executive, (when the Legislature can-
not be convened,) against domestic violence. Thus,
by delegations and prohibitions of power, the
framers of the Constitution endeavored to hedge
about, guard, and fortify slave property against
all assaults and above all other property.
But, notwithstanding property is the founda-
tion of the social fabric; notwithstanding slave
property was recognized by nearly all Christen-
dom, by all the States of the Confederation, and
was held in all but one when the Constitution was
adopted; notwithstanding the framers of that in-
strument were slave owners or representatives of
slave owners; notwithstanding it is so zealously
and sedulously guarded and guarantied in that
Constitution; notwithstanding it formed one of
the bases of the Federal Union, enters into the
frame-work of the Federal Government, is one of
the aliments of its existence, is one of the elements
of the life-blood that courses through the veins of
the Federal Republic, and is entitled to the de-
fense of its sword and shield; the northern Re-
publican party is pledged, by its party platform
of 1856, and by the principles and policy of its
leaders, proclaimed here, to a war of extermin-
ation upon slavery. I shall quote from that plat-
. form instead of the speeches of Senators, because
they but elaborate the ideas it contains, and it is
i the most authoritative, as well as the most con-
! densed summary of their party creed. ThatPhil-
adelphia platform of June, 1856, denounces sla-
very as barbarous, unchristian, contiary to the
, law of nature, the Declaration of Independence,
and the purpose and design of the Federal Gov-
ernment.
The first resolution pledges the party to main-
1 tain the principles promulgated in the Declara-
tion and embraced in the Constitution.
The second resolution specifies those principles
to be the right of all men to life, liberty, &c., and
declares " the primary object and ulterior design
of our Federal Government were to secure those
rights to alt persons within its exclusive jurisdic-
tion." .
It asserts that those principles promulgated m
the Declaration pre embodied in the Constitution*
! and to maintain them <( is essential to the preser-
1 vation of our republican institutions."
i It denies " the authority of Congress, or a Ter-
ritorial Legislature, or of any individual or asso-
! ciationofindividua!s,to give legal assistance to sla-
! very in any Territory of the United States, while
' the present Constitution shall be maintained." It
1 claims " that the Constitution confers on Con-
i gress sovereign power over tho Territories of the
1 United States for their government, and that, in
the exercise of this power, it is both the right and
i the duty of Congress to prohibit in the Territories
