148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 19,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
those twin relics of barbarism—polygamy and
slavery." .
The preamble of thp Constitution declares its
object was to secure liberty to white men—if,
forsooth, by " ourselves and our posterity" the
framers meant to designate the Caucasian race.
But this platform blackens the faces or the fame
of the framers of that instrument, by declaring
those words embrace, or were intended to em-
brace, the African race, or a mongrel race of white
and black.
The Constitution recognizes property in negro
slaves in at least three clauses, encourages its ac-
quisition, and binds the Federal Government to
assist in maintaining the owners' right to, and
possession of, such property. But this platform
asserts the inalienable right of all men to liberty,
by virtue of the laws of God, the Declaration of
Independence, and the Federal Constitution! And
northern Republican Senators frequently deny
hero, in explicit words, that there can be any
property in man !
The Constitution guarantied to each State its
reserved right to import slaves, and provided that
the Federal Government should participate in the
profits of their importation for the first twenty
years after the birth of that Government; thus
providing for the protection of slave property on
board of vessels bearing the Federal flag on the
high seas, where its jurisdiction was exclusive of
the States and of any other Government. But
this platform alleges the primary object of that
Government was to secure liberty to all persons
within its exclusive jurisdiction !
The Constitution guaranties to slave property
representation in Congress; thus recognizing it
as one of the elements of our republicanism. But
this platform alleges that the maintenance of the
right of all men to liberty is essential to the pres-
ervation of our republican institutions.
The Constitution recognized slavery as of fed-
eral importance and having a federal existence,
and encouraged the indefinite multiplication of
slaves by importation, and their illimitable ex-
pansion bygiving its sanction to the foreign slave-
trade, and by securing to each State the right of
importation of slaves. All power to interdict or
interfere with the inter-State slave-trade also was
withheld.
One of the arguments used by Mr. Mason, of
Virginia, in the Federal convention, against the
foreign slave trade was the spread of slavery over
those Territories west of Virginia, North Caro-
lina, and Georgia. After alluding to the prohibi-
tion of slavery by Maryland, Virginia, and North
Carolina, he said:
11 All tliis will he in vain if South Carolina ami Oeoipa
at liberty to import. The western people are already calling
out for slaves loi their new lands, and will till thatcouuuy
witli slaves if they can he gotten tUiough South Carolina
and (Georgia."
Thus forewarned that slavery would take its
way westward, beyond the limits of the original
States, and would bo used to form other and new
States, and urged to prevent this consummation, :
the framers of the constitution refused to do so,
but gave their consent and encouragement to its ;
expansion over the western wilderness. Hut this 1
platform repudiates slavery as without the pale of
the Federal protection, where the Federal Govern- ,
mont lias exclusive jurisdiction, denies the power .
of Congress, or of any Terntoi ml Legislature, or I
of any person, to aid or protect it in the Territo-
ries, and maintains the power and duty of Con- 1
gress to prohibit or abolish it in the Territories. ,
The Constitution provided for augment ing, con- ;
solidating, preserving, and perpetuating slavery, ,
by making it one of the pillars of the Federal Gov- .
eminent, in securing its representation, and by
binding the Government to protect it against foes
within or without the Union: in inhibiting the ■
discharge from service of a fugitive slave by any i
Jaw or regulation of any State, and 111 pledging j
the Suites and their common Government to pro- j
tect it against foreign invasion or domestic insur- ;
rection. But this platform maintains that the 1
primary object and ulterior design of our Federal !
Governmen t was to secure liberty to all men within 1
its exclusive jurisdiction. j
The Constitution conferred on Congress no I
power to define property, except money. Butthis ■
platform claims for it power to say what shall, \
and shall not be property wherever it has exclu-
sive jurisdiction. The Constitution conferred on
Congress no power to discharge any-article from
being property. But this platform claims the right
of Congress to discharge negroes from being prop-
erty. Our ancestors declared they regarded the
giving of their property by their own consent,
the inalienable birthright of the British subject;
but you, northern Republicans,assertyour right
to take away the property of American people,
who are sovereigns and not subjects, against their
consent.
Your platform expressly repudiates the obli-
gations of the Constitution. It is hostile to rights
of property existing before the Union in all the
States, which formed one of the bases of the
Union, and which are better guarantied by the
Constitution than any other property in the Union.
If Congress has no authority to give legal as-
sistance to slavery in a Territory, it cannot give
it any assistance in this District, in any navy-
vard, fort, arsenal, barracks, hospital, custom-
house, court-house, or prison, belonging to the
Federal Government, or on any spot on sea or
land covered by the Federal flag, and not under
the jurisdiction of a State.
If it may not pass laws for the recapture of a
fugitive slave in a Territory, it may not pass laws
for his recaptnie anywhere within the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Fedorul Government. The
power of Congress is certainly as great in this
District, or in any navy-yard, furt, or any of the
places designated, as in a Territory; for in those
places the right of exclusive legislation is ex-
pressly granted by Congress.
The Federal flag that covers slave property on
board a vessel at'sca, or in this District, a navy-
yard, or fort on land, instead of being an emblem
of protection, is like the blue lights in our last
war with Great Britain—an invitation to plunder,
held out to foreign and domestic foes.
if Congress cannot pass laws for securing the
right of leeaption of fugitive slaves in the Tern-
tones, or in thiai District, orin a navy-yard within
the States, or in ony place where the Federal juris-
diction is exclusive, a fortiori it ennnot pass laws
for recovery of fugitive slaves in the States, where
its power is concurrent; for its power is certainly
moie limited where it is concurrent than where it
is exclusive.
Under the northern Republican administration
of tin; Government, if the slaveholder carry his
property into a Territory, this District, a navy-
yard, on sea, in a non-siaveholding State, any-
where beyond the limit and jurisdiction of the
siaveholdmg States, he must do so at the peril of
its loss. If robbed by a public enemy or a do-
mestic foe, the Government would not enforce
restoration of his property or exact indemnity.
In such case it must look on an impassive and
neutral spectator. It must abdicate its power, or
abnegale its duty to protect that propeity. The
Government will be potent to destroy, but impo-
tent to protect. Jt may and must prohibit, deny,
and defeat his ri^ht of property, outside of the
slaveholding States; but may no', and cannot,
admit, sustain, and secure that right. The slave-
holder must live in perpetual quarantine, confined
to the spot on which he resides, denied all egress
by land or sea, in the Territories, non-slave holding
States, this District, or the public vessels, under
menace of robbery of his property, without recov-
ery or indemnity. He must keep m his piison-
bounds, or become an outlaw, beyond govern-
mental protection.
The Government must not only abdicate its
power to protect, it must confederate with his en-
emies to destroy the slaveholder's property. It
must discriminate against the South in favor of
the North; it mast denounce southern laws, de-
fining and i egulatmg property, as inhuman and
execrable—northern laws as benign and admira- .
ble; it must sustain the latter and counteract the
former. Congress and the Federal executive of-
ficers must become allies of abolition, and, in com- ;
pliance with the behests of the original American j
anti-slavery society, established in 1833, "must |
abolish slaveiy in all those portions of our com- i
mon country winch comc under its control," or, ^
in the language of this northern Republican plat-
form, " must secure the right of liberty to all per-
sons within its exclusive jurisdiction." In other ■
words,. Congress must abolish slaveryin this Dis-
trict, the navy and dock-yards, forts and arsenals,
and vessels at sea; must inhibit it in the Terri-
tories, inhibit the inter-State slave trade., repeal
the fugitive slave act, and, in the language of Ab-
olition orators and essayists, must 44 sever the
Government from all connection with slavery,"
and 41 efface so foul a blot from the national es-
cutcheon." Thus the Constitution, which was
designed to serve as a shield to protect, is converted
into a sword to destroy slave property. Such is
the programme of Federal legislation laid down
by abolition societies for a quarter of a century,
and such is the import and meaning of this north-
ern Republican platform. .Those societies declare
their meaning in language not to be misunder-
stood. This platform only announces the single
pleasure of inhibiting slavery in Territories; but
its declaration of principles and of the power and
duty of Congress, commits that party to all the
measures of those societies. Those measures are
the logical and necessary consequence of the prin-
ciples of the platform put in act.
Yea, more, the right and duty of Congress to
assail slavery in the States may be fairly deduced
from the doctrines of this platform, notwith-
standing the vain boast that "the rights of the
States, and the Union of the States, shall be pre-
served." It declares that the principles promul-
gated in the Declaration are embodied in the Con-
stitution; pledges the party to maintain those
principles; asserts those principles, thus promul-
gated and embodied, to be the right of all men to
liberty, &c.; and alleges that the primary object,
and ulterior design of the Federal Government
was to secure liberty to all men within its exclu-
sive jurisdiction. If true, why should not Con-
gress so legislate as to secure liberty to all persons
in the United States? Where in the Constitu-
tion is found this right of all men to liberty; or
that to secure this right to all men, within the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Government,
was the piimsuy object and ulterior design ofthe
Fedeial Government? Where in the Constitu-
tion do ^ou find evidence that it was the design
of the hederal Government to secure liberty to
negro slaves? Where, in that instrument, do you
find a design to secure liberty to negroes wherever
the Fedeiai Government had exclusive jurisdic-
tion ? W hero is the proof of any intention of the
framers of that instrument to secure liberty to all
men in a Territory, or in this District, but notm
the several States* What privilege, immunity,
or liberty, is guarantied in a Territory, that is not
equally guarantied in the States ? It cannot be
found. There is no evidence of a design to se-
cure other or greater blessings, liberties, or rights
to men, within a Territory, or where the power
of the Federal Government is exclusive of the
State governments, than to men within a State,
or where the Federal and State governments may
operate concurrently. There can be shown no
contrary or antagonistic designs in the Federal
Constitution. If it had an anti-slavery design
upon the Territories, it had the same design upon
the States, and must carry out that design to the
extent of its powers—in the latter as well as the
'former.
There is abundant evidence in the Constitution
of the design of its framers to show no geograph-
ical, sectional, or personal partialities, but, on the
contrary, to secure the same common and equal
rights, privileges, immunities, and blessings, to
citizens ofthe United States, wherever they might
dwell within the bounds of its operation. It was
intended to secure the blessings of liberty to " our-
selves and our posterity" throughout the Union,
where it was to operate exclusively or directly,
and where it was to operate concurrently or in-
directly. If it was formed by negroes or for
negroes, as well as white men; if the sweeping
generalities and cabahsticabstractions of the Dec-
laration about the liberty and equality of ail men
are embodied in the Constitution; if the words
"ourselves and our posterity," for whom it was
formed, embrace blacks, as well as white men,
(as alleged by this platform,) then those who ad-
minister the Government are bound to exert its
powers to the extent given in the Constitution, so
as to abolish slavery in the States. It was formed
with no double meaning or contrary objects and
designs, but with the same meaning, oSject, and
