1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
design, in States orTerritories. If its objects and
design were to secure liberty to all men anywhere,
the same object and design in every other place
may be deduced from the same premises.
This platform thus pledges that party, if they
get the control of this Government, to exert it on
the side of negro freedom everywhere. It war-
rants and encourages assaults upon the right to
slave property in the States, notwithstanding its
expressed regard for the rights of the States. If
its principles be embodied in the Constitution,
then its framers were guilty of the insane folly of
founding a Government for the destruction of the
property of its citizens; for encouraging foreign
nations to plunder them, and one class of States
or citizens to plunder another class of States or
•citizens; a Government for taking their property
■without just compensation therefor; for depriving
them of their property without due process of lav/;
for taking their property without their consent.
And they did this while protesting against the
sovereign power of the mother country over their
property, while professing a contrary purpose and
design, and while actually providing against the
invasion or abuse of their rights of property.
The principles enunciated in this platform and
expressed on this floor by northern Republicans,
if they ever prevail in the administration of the
Federal Government, will place the slaveholding
States under its ban and induce abuses and op-
pressions such as no brave and free people will
long endure. They condemn the political and so-
cial institutions of those States as barbarous and
inhuman. They deny their equality in theUnion,
and the equality of the slaveholder among the cit-
izens of the Union. They pronounce against him
sentence of outlawry. They denounce his title to
his slave property to be irreconcilable with the Di-
vine law, the law of nature, or of nations, or even
the Constitution of his country ! They reprobate
the institution of slavery as hostile to our repub-
lican institutions, as the crime of the South, and
the reproach of the Union.
What can we expect but neglect and disregard
of our claims to protection of our property from
those who deny our title ? What can we expect
but habitual and systematic insult, injury, and
outrage, from those who profess to abhor, con-
demn, and loathe our domestic institutions ? con-
demning alike " those twin relics of barbarism,
polygamy and slavery." What respect for our
right of property in slaves can we expect from
those who maintain that they are bound by the
Constitution, as well as " higher law," to secure
the blessings of liberty to all men ? What induce-
ment or motive could the South have to remain in
the Union under a Federal Government whose le-
gislative , execu tive, and judicial departments were
administered by men imbued with the sentiments,
principles, and opinions, which northern Republi-
cans entertain or profess ? The South united with
the North in conferring on their common Gov-
ernment certain powers to fulfill certain duties.
If it refuses to discharge those duties it betrays
our trust. Protection in the enjoyment of equal
rights and privileges, in equal security of person
and of property, is the political bond of our Union.
If such protection be denied, the bond is broken,
and she can have no worthy motive for longer
preserving the Union. The Federal Government
will become towards her a worse tyranny than that
of any autocrat. It will exact support without
yielding protection. It will extort tribute, not for
her advantage, but for northern aggrandizement;
not for her defense, but for her despoliation; not
to maintain her independence, but to effect her
subjugation. It will require of the South payment
of taxes and performance of military duty to ac-
quire territory, and yet deny her any share of
it, or admission into it—in virtue of the power
claimed and the duty felt to prohibit therein
"those twin relics of barbarism, polygamy and
slavery." It will tax us and our slaves to sup-
port armies and navies, and yet refuse to exact
or demand indemnity for slave property stolen or
snatched from us by foreign foes, upon the ground
that such property is not recognized by Christian
nations. It will tax us and our slaves to support a
judiciary that will always decide for the freedom
of the fugitive slave and against slavery—upon the
ground that the Constitution does not recognize
or protect slave property—in order to achievcthat
reform the Senator from New York [Mr. Sew- !;
ard] so fondly anticipates and so confidently pre- jj
diets. It will tax us and our slaves to support M
post offices and carry mails, to disseminate incen- |
diary documents among our slaves and incite |!
them to insurrection, arson, and assassination— [i
in order to prevent any abridgement of the free- jj
dom of the press. It will tax us and our slaves :j
to suppdft soldiers to man forts, arsenals, and
navy-yards, and to keep a Federal constabulary
in our towns to vindicate freedom of speech, or
the right to tell our slaves that they are oppressed
and should slaytheiroppressors. Itwilltaxusand
our slaves to build forts, arsenals, navy-yards, cus-
tom and court-houses, which shall serve as sanc-
tuaries for fugitive slaves. It will tax us and our
slaves to keep its janissaries en the high ways that
lead across the boundaries of the slaveholding
States, to prevent the carrying of slaves from one
State to another—asserting its right to do so, under
the power granted Co ngress to regulate commerce.
It would effect the destruction of the institution
of slavery by these indirect means, and withm
the letter of the Constitution, though in utter vio-
lation of its spirit and meaning. It would render
that property not only insecure and valueless, but
a curse and a torment to the southern people. In
fact, it would subvert our State governments and
our social organism, without, perhaps, ever pass-
ing any act of Congress directly abolishing sla-
very in the States. Suffer that party to take into i
its control the legislative, executive, and judicial
powers of this Government—extending its Bria-
rean arms around and over the entire southern
States—and it would stealthily and gradually ;
achieve their ruin and desolation. It would dis- j
till from the fruit of southern fields the fatal poi- [
son it would administer to their owners. j
None can doubt the justness of these charges
who believe you northern Republicans are sin-
cere in the faith you profess, or would redeem
the pledges you have given. That you would
break through all constitutional restraint, and go
to the furthest extreme to despoil and subjugate
us, in order to gratify fanaticism, avarice, and
ambition, we have full assurance m the sad ex-
perience of Kansas, and in the admonitory les-
sons of the last Congress. If these prophetic
warnings arc not unnoticed or unheeded by the
South, she will be forearmed for those struggles
for dominion which we are assured by the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Seward] the freemen
of the North will continue in the Territories and
in the slaveholding States until the foot of a slave
does not press the soil of the United States.
With the control of bu t one House of Congress,
and opposed by the other and by the Executive
and judiciary, you tried, with sublime audacity,
to seize the reins of Government, and absorb the
powers of all its departments, in order to expel
slavery from Kansas, and annihilate southern-
power in that Territory. To achieve that pur-1
pose, you endeavored to arrest the wheels of Gov-
ernment and to revolutionize it, to nullify all laws
and subvert all authority in Kansas, and to sub-
ject its people to all the horrors of anarchy and
fratricidal war. Great indeed would be the hu-
miliation and degradation of submission to your
demand, by surrendering to you the exclusive oc-
cupancy of all the Territories of the United States.
But that would not purchase our peace or satisfy ' !
your demands. And if the South decide to yield
this demand in the vain hope of an inglorious
peace, let her check her pride, and make up her
mind with becoming meekness and humility to
live, while sheisletlive,in astateof subjugation,
subordination, and subserviency to the North,
impetrating mercy of her masters, instead of ex-
acting justice of her equals.
I do not doubt that you think she will yield all
you demand. I do notdoubtyou believe you can
extort from her fears of your power all that you
cannot seduce from her love of the Union. I be-
lieve you expect to excite discord among her own
sons, and to array against the slaveholders all who
are not slaveholders, by persuading these that
they are oppressed and wronged. But the exam-
ple of Kansas, where there cannot have been more
than two hundred slaveholders out of six thou-
sand pro-slavery voters, should have taught you j
that the sons of the South know and feel that they '
have a common interest ill preserving the institu-
tion of slavery; that they must keep the negrp in
his normal condition of slavery or destroy him,
or surrender to him their country. I do not fear
that you can delude and beguile them to their own
self-destruction, or the desolation of their country.
I know you count largely upon the defections and
desertions of southern leaders; and I confess, with
shame and regret, that you have but too good rea-
son for your calculations in the mortifying exam-
ples we have furnished of those who have be-
trayed their trust and broken their allegiance to
the South, not, perhaps, because they loved her
less, but the Union more, and themselves most.
I know it is idle to try to disenchant your minds
of impressions which you are fond to retain and
wish to be true, but which I think dishonor the
South, wrong the North, and may dissolve the
Union. Yet, at the hazard of your ridicule, I
must tell you that Alabama, in common with all
her southern sisters but two, has, by the universal
voice of her people, as expressed by party con-
ventions, by popular assemblies, and by her late
and former Legislatures, resolved—
" That she win and Ought to resist, even (as a last resort)
to a disruption of every tie which bifids her to the Union,
any action of Congress upon the subject of slavery in the
District of Columbia, or in placcs subject to the jurisdiction
of Congress, incompatible with the safety, the domestic
tranquillity, the rights and honor of the slaveholding States;
or any refusal to admit as a State any Territory hereafter
applying, because of the exigence of slavery therein ; or
any net prohibiting the introduction of slavery into the Ter-
ritones;" * * * * " or any act repealing or
materially modifying the law now in force for the recovery
of fugitive slaves.'5
If this be mere bravado, she shares the folly
and the shame in common with twelve of her
southern sisters. While I have indulged, and
shall indulge, in no menace, or promise or pro-
phecy of her course, yet I can, and will say, for
myself, that in the day of her self-degradation, by
disregarding her pledges and submitting to your
Government, I will not sit here to endure the con-
tumely and reproach which you justly may, and
certainly will, heap upon the heads of her Sen-
ators.
Mr. President, I have not been addicted to sing-
ing peans or uttering eulogies about the Union,
or accustomed to regardingit as <c the paramount
political good," or u the primary object of patri-
otic desire." I have ever felt that I owed my first
and highest allegiance to my State, and that her
sovereignty, her independence, and her honor,
even without the Union, should be dearer to her
sons, than the Union and her subordination, de-
pendence and dishonor within it. Yet, sir, the
Union of the Constitution, which our fathers
made, I love and reverence and would preserve;
but this Union without the Constitution, or with
it as construed by northern Republicans, I abhor
and scorn, and would dissolve, if my power were
equal to my will. To this Union, the South is
commended as a choice of evils, and commanded
with menaces of compulsion. Whether she will
choose the Union as a lesser evil, or submit to it
by compulsion and abandon her self-government
and surrender her destinies to your control, you
will surely test, if you get the power, and time
will surely prove. If she yield to your advice or
to your commands, she will deserve to suffer all
the wrong and all the shame you can and will ac-
cumulate upon her head. Rut as honor, interest,
self-preservation—all that is dear to freemen—all
urge her to maintain her individuality and equal-
ity as sovereign States, either within or without
the Union, I trust she will give you full demon-
stration of her courage and self-reliance, by re-
fusing any, the least concession to your demands,
and by resenting your menaces ana repehng your
attempts at coercion in such manner as will prove
that the spirit of the fathers, who, at Yorktown
and at New Orleans, consummated in triumph our
two wars of independence, yet lives in her sons.
Mr. DURKEE obtained the floor.
Mr. BELL. I should like to ascertain from my
honorable friend from Alabama whether, in some
remarks that he made, m which he alluded to de-
fections, desertions, and betrayals, he alluded to
anything that had taken place in the debate yes-
terday on the part of myself or the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky ? I only ask him if he meatft
anything personal in relation to myself?
iVh*. CLAY. I certainly did nof intend to make
any reflection upon the Senator from Tennessee.
