1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
ments of volunteers lost vastly more in proportion ,
to their numbers in these actions than the regu- :
Iars ! Again, he says: j
In thy baitle of El Molino del Rey: lou^hi Mh Septem- |
ber, 1847, there were, of tegular- killed and wounded, seven J
hundred and six; volunteers, none. There weie, 1 pie- ;
bUiite, no volunteers eii <iged m tl'<U fight. in the battles i
of Chapultepec and city of Mexico, fouiil't 12th, l^th, and
14th of September, wore, volunteer killed and wounded,
two hundred and seventy-thiee; regulars, iivt bundled and
thirty-eight.
The gentleman in making this statement should
have recollected that in the first action there were
ho volunteers, and that in the remaining two of
these actions there were only three regiments of
volunteers engaged, and I think fifteen regiments
of regulars.
Mr FAULKNER. 1 desire to say here, and
the gentleman will see it in the whole course of
my remarks, that I have not sought to cast the
slightest imputation upon the volunteers at all, but
I deemed it due to the regular Army, as a histor-
ical fact which has been lost sight of in the blaze
of glory which has been thrown upon the volun-
teers, to show that the bones of the regulars upon
the battle-fields of that war, attest by whom the
service had been done, and not to cast any reflec-
tion upon the volunteers.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I have no doubt the gentle-
man intended no reflection upon the volunteers;
but the statistics he has given go forth to the
world, showing first the whole number of regulars
engaged in that war, and then the whole number
of volunteers, then giving the number of regulars
and volunteers killed in that war. If the gentle-
man intended to give a fair exhibit, he should
have stated the number of each engaged in each
action. I submit whether these statistics, thus pre-
sented by the gentleman to go forth to the world,
may not produce a false impression ?
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Speaker, I will make a
statement in regard to the battle of Molino del
Rey. It is true there were no volunteers, but
there were some of the new regiments, among
others the fourteenth, under the gallant Trous-
dale, composed of men from Louisiana, Illinois,
and Tennessee, and who, though enlisted but a
few months, in this battle and the storming of ;
Chapultepec showed themselves in eicry way
equal to the old regiments. We will furnish just
such a force by this bill, with the exception that 1
the President m that case appointed the officers. !
Mr. &UITMAN. Well, Mr. Speaker, I did j
not intend to intimate that the gentleman from
Virginia made these comparisons for the purpose
of disparaging the volunteer services, but I thought
the statement should not in justice go to the world .
without explanation. A large portion of the vol- j
unteers were left in garrison. They were not i
unfrequently (although earnestly soliciting it) re- [
fused active service. I fear their efficiency, even, 1
was questioned until at the battle of Monterey
they fought their way into the notice of their gen-
eral. They fortunately had an opportunity at Kue- j
na Vista of removing"all doubts of theirefficicncy, j
bravery, and steadiness. Where they had an op- 1
portumty of being employed, they did service j
equal to that of the regulars. I have shown,and i
I challenge denial, that m every action where they
were both engaged, the volunteers lost, in pro- 1
portion to then- force, as many men as the regu- !
Iars. .
Ill my opening speech on this subject, I stated i
what I believed at the time to be true, that no de- i
sertions had ever taken place in the volunteer
ranks. As I presume the statistics of the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] are techni-
cally correct, I of course must retract that remark.
Since he has drawn my mind to ill have seen that
there is a number of desertions reported in tin
volunteer service. Engaged as I was during the
whole war with the volunteer service, I pledge
my word that 1 never knew an instance of desei •
tion except under some peculiar circumstances,
where some, woithless man, by common consent,
of officers and men, was driven from the company,
and merely for form's sake reported as adesertei.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. As the House is not full,
and m order that we may have a full vote on this
question, I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at a quarter to four o'clock, p. ni.) ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 19, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. T. N. Haskell.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolutions
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, in favor of the organization of the
T< rritory of Auzona, and the removal of the In-
dian tribes m the Territory of New ?/Iexico to
that part of the proposed Territoiy of Aiizona,
north of the thirty-fourth parallel of north lati-
i tude; which, on motion of Mr. G. was le-
ferred to the Committee on Territories; and a
' motion by him to print it was referred to the Com-
i mittee on Punting.
1 Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
| of the town of Dix, New York, praying for the
! adoption of some practical measures for the peace-
j ful and gradual extinction of slavery, by which
I compensation shall be made out of the national
1 Treasury, or the public domain, to the owners of
| slaves that may be manumitted; winch was or-
1 deied to he on the table.
! Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
! the Legislature of Wisconsin, praying that the
i amount due to that State, under the act for its
! admission into the Union, from the proceeds of
; the sales of the public lands within its limits, may
| be paid; which was referred to the Committee oil
| the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed,
i Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
| George L. Bowne and William Curry, praying
I to be allowed a portion of the money paid as duties
j on certain coal saved from the bark Rainbow;
; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
i meice.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented a pe-
j tition of citizcns of Washington county, Texas,
praying that the public lands shall no longer be
considered a source of public revenue, but be sub-
ject to entry hereafter by actual settlers and cut- I
tivators only; which was ordered to lie on the j
table. !
BILL INTRODUCED,
j Mr. SEWARD ajked, and by unanimous con-
> sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
| (S. No. 23) to authorize a change of the location
I of the South Pass wagon road, for the purpose of
i giving greater securityand protection to emigrant
; travel; which was lead twice by its title, and re-
j furred to the Committee on Territories.
| REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Fabius Stanley, submitted a report, accompanied
byabill (S. No. 2US) for his relief. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
pot t was ordered to be printed.
Mr. 1VER.S0N, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph C. ft.
Kennedy, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 209) for his relief. The lull was read,
' and passed to a second reading; and the report was
; ordered to be printed.
| MASSACRE OF CALIFORNIA EMIGRANTS.
! Mr. GWIN. I offered yesterday a resolution
j of inquiry, to which the Senator from Texas
1 [Mr. Houston] objected. I understand that this
I morning he is "willing to withdraw his objection,
1 as he finds that the resolution simply provides for
an inquiry. I move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was adopted, as follows:
! iiMohcd. That the Secrctiuy of War he requested to
oimiiuiiK'ate to tile Senate wliat steps have burn taken, if
.my, to pum?U the panics implicated m tile aiassneieof
one bundled and eighteen eania'ants to Cahtoiiuu, at tile
Mountain Meadows, m the Temtory of Utah.
CHARLES D. MAXWELL.
Mr. YULEE There is a bill of the House of
Representatives for the relief of Dr. Charles D.
Maxwell, lying on the desk of the President,
which I ask to have taken up and acted upon. It
will lead to no discussion at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
that this is a House bill, which he did not lay be-
fore the Senate for reference heretofore, on ac-
count of a suggestion of the Senator irom Flor-
ida.
The bill (TT. R. No. 3101 for the relief of Dr.
Charles D. Maxwell, a surgeon in the United
States Navy, was read a first and second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole, It
provides for alio wing the difference of pay between
that of the grade of passed assistant surgeon and
surgeon, from December 22, 1845. to July 7,
1848, being the period during which Dr. Maxwell
performed the duties of surgeon and assistant sur-
geon on boaid the United States ship Cyane.
Mr. YULEE. This bill is identically in the
same woids as one reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the Senate at this session, and
passed by this body. There is, therefore, no
occasion for its reference, and laslt that it be now
put on its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON,ofTenncssee. 1 think it would
be better to have it referred.
Mr. YULEE. A bill,in the same words, has
been reported by our Committee on Naval Affairs,
and passed by the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. How much
money does it appropriate;
Mr. MALLORY. The identical bill now be-
fore us was passed by the Senate and sent to the
other House; but that body, instead of passing
the Senate bill, has sent us this, which is in the
same words. It may, perhaps, give one thousand
or fifteen hundred dollars to this gentleman. It
is in the usual form of bills which we are in the
habit of passing for the relief of officers under
like circumstances. It passed $e Senate at the
last session.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announc-
ing that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
313) to provide for the oiganization of a regiment
of mounted volunteers, for the defense of the
frontier of Texas, and to authorize the President
i to call into service of the United States four ad-
ditional regiments of volunteers; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following bill and joint resolu-
tion:
An act (II. R. No. 216)'for the relief of Doc-
tor Charles D. Maxwell, a surgeon in the United
States Navy;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 19) respecting
the distribution of certain public documents;
And they thereupon received the signature of
the Vice Piesident.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Oil motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 161) for the admission
of the State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. FOSTER spoke m opposition to the bill.
Mr. CLA Y supported the bill, and entered into
a defense of the course lately pursued by the Le-
gislature of Alabama in the adoption of resolu-
tions prescribing the course they will pursue if
Kansas shall be rejected with the Lecompton con-
stitution.
After which Mr.DURKEE took the floor, and
spoke in opposition to the bill. [These speeches
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. WILSON. It was understood that the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,J and
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Fooi,] were to
speak to-day; but both those gentlemen, on ac-
count of the condition of their health, are unable
to do so. This breaks up the arrangement of to-
day. Several Senators are to speak to-morrow,
and in order to accomplish all that we can pos-
sibly do, I move that the Senate adjourn until
eleven o'clock to-morrow. I have consulted gen-
tlemen in regard to this proposition.
Mr. GREEN. 1 suggest that we ought to make
this bill the special orcler for to-moriow, without
any morning business.
Mr. SEWARD. The motion should be, that
when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet
to-morrow at eleven o'clock
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hi&gs.)
The Chair will put the motion ill that form.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. Now, I move that the bill be
li c
