2212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
The first bill reported from the Committee of
the Judiciary by Mr. Clark, was a bill (S. No.
314) for the prevention and punishment of frauds
in land titles in California.
The bill was read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man who reported this bill, if he has any communi-
cation from the Attorney General in regard to it?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Yes, I have a
verbal communication, and also a letter, received
two days since, which I will have read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire, as this legisla-
tion seems to be very hasty, that the gentleman
should either read himself, or have read the let-
ler from the Attorney General, which justifies this
haste in the passage of the bill.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I send the letter
tip to be read; and I will state, that in a personal
interview which I had with the Attorney General
lastevening, he stated additional reasons why the'
bill should pass at once.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that what it is
proposed to have read is a hasty note which the
Attorney General addressed to me. I will say to
the House, that Attorney General Black is ex-
ceedingly anxious that these bills should pass.
He regards them as of vital importance to the Gov-
ernment, and believes that if these two bills are
not passed so as to go out by the steamer of the
20th, the Government will lose an amount of fifty
million dollars, at least. I have no objection to
the bill being read
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I did not reflect,
when I proposed to have the note read, that it
■was addressed to my honorable friend from Ala-
bama, and not to myself.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let it be read. It is short.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to the
bill if it will save the Government from a loss of
$50,000,000; but I should like some gentleman to
explain how it could be done. The bill provides
for the punishment of forgery, and makes it an
indictable offense. Now you have to prove the
charge of forgery before you can convict the par-
ties. The proof of forgery will vitiate the titles,
and therefore 1 do not see how any damage can
accruc to the Government. I am surprised, there-
fore, that the bill should have been presented with
such an amendment.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, I would inform
the gentleman that at this moment there is no law
for the punishment of the crime of forging these
Mexican and Spanish land grants.
Mr. 5SE WARD. I understand that; but if you
can bring sufficient proof' to convict the parties of
forgery, in a criminal prosecution, you can prove
the forgery so as to void the titles.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. If the knowledge
of the fact of the pendency of these bills should
reach California, the crimes may be consummated
before the acts can take effect, and thereby the
public domain may be defrauded.
Mr. SEWARD* The question is this: if you
can prove the forgery to convict the parties for the
crime m a criminal prosecution, cannot you prove
the forgery so as to void the titles in a civil court
in an action for ejectment?
Mr. HOUSTON. The argument of the gen-
tleman from Georgia appears to be for the purpose
of delaying action on the bill. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was Accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the hill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 ask the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeos and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. We are assuming jurisdiction
over offenses committed in a State, by the citizens
of that State. I move to lay the bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
.The bill was passed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC ARCHIVES IN CALIFORNIA.
The House then proceeded to consider the bill
(S. No. 312) to provide for the collection and safe-
keeping of the public archives in the State of Cal-
ifornia, reported from the Judiciary Committee
by Mr. Clark, of New York.
The bill was read.
The question recurred, first, upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Quitman, to strike out the
word " thereof," and to insert in lieu thereof the
words, " showing the facts and circumstances
upon which such suspicions are founded."
Mr. CLARK. The amendment is right, and I
hope it will be adopted. 1 ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then-ordered to a \
third reading, and was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that they had passed a bill for the relief
of Lemuel Worster, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill of this
House, (No. 294,) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1859,
with amendments, in which he was instructed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. MILES. I ask the consent of the House
to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I object; and move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. Before the question is
taken on that motion, I wish to state that I shall
move to take up bill H. R. No. 200, making ap-
propriations for certain civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment. I suppose it is the wish of the House
to terminate debate upon this bill before going
into committee. If there be no objection, there-
fore,! will offer the usual resolution to terminate
debate upon that bill in fifteen minutes after its
consideration shall be resumed in committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we might
as well discharge the committee from the consid-
eration of that bill. I suppose it is in as good
condition as we can make it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I object to that.
There are some important amendments which
should be made to the bill.
Mr. KELSEY. Has that bill ever been con-
sidered in committee?
Mr. J GLANCY JONES. It has not; but
I suppose there will be no objection to closing
debate upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I shall object, until
the bill has been read, and I can see what is in it.
j "RECIPROCITY.
I Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I withdraw the
I motion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
! state of the Union for a moment, and ask unan-
imous consent of the House to report fiom the
Committee of Ways and Means ajoint resolution,
for the purpose of having it referred, and printed.
1 ask that the joint resolution may be read.
The joint resolution was read by its title:
Joint resolution to place certain products on the
"footing of articles exempted from duty under the
reciprocity treaty between the United States of
America and Great Britain, signed on the 5th day
of June,1854.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Let it be read.
The joint resolution was read Uiexten.so. It pro-
• vides for the importation from the British Prov-
. inces, under certain regulations, of the articles of
i hay and hops.
| Mr. STANTON. I shall object to the intro-
j duction of that resolution.
i CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL,
j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now ask for a
I vote upon my motion that the House resolve
i itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on the state
| of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
1 So the rules were suspended, and the House
| resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
| on the state of the Union, (Mr. Smith, of Ten-
I nessee, in the chair.)
j The CHAIRMAN announced the first bill on
j the Calendar was House bill No. 198.
! Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to take up
he
•J
bill of the House No. 200, being a bill making ap-
propriations for certain civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1859.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
lirst reading of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then read by clauses for the pur-
pose of amendment.
The first clause having been read, as follows-
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coast
of the United States, (mcluthns* compensation to superin-
tendent and assistants, and excluding pay and emoluments
of officers of the Army and Navy, and petty officer.*, and
men of the Navy employed on the work,) $250,000
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES said: The bill now
before us is a branch of the old civil and diplo-
matic bill. Under the division of that bill, made
by the Committee of Ways and Means of the
last Congress, this bill is confined to appropria-
tions for the survey of the coast, the light-house
establishment, the land surveys, and a few other
civil expenses of the Government. The appro-
priation for these objects has been reduced by the
Department to what was supposed to be the min-
imum amount with which they could be carried
on. The Committpe of Ways and Means, how-
ever, after a careful and scrutinizing investiga-
tion, was able to reduce the estimate some two
hundred and thirty-nine thousand three hundred
and fourteen dollars; and I will state to the com-
mittee, that, if it is the intention of Congress to
carry on these works—all of which are provided
for by law—it is the judgment of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and of the Department, that
we have reduced the estimates to the lowest pos-
sible amount.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire of
the gentleman what is the aggregate amount of
the appropriation contained in this bill?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The aggregate
amount is $3,819,438 97. The amount estimated
for was $4,058,752 97. The reduction of $239,314
was made by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The clause which
has just been lead, makes an appropriation of
$250,000 for continuing the survey of the Atlantic
and Gulf coasts of the United States. I think that
amount can be reduced with very great propriety;
i and, as we are short of funds generally, and are
| likely to be so for some time to come, I think we
i had better do it. I move to reduce the amount
■ from $250,000 to $150,000.
j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have simply to
I say—and it is but a repetition of what I have said
j before—that Lhe system of a coast survey was
; begun a number of years ago. Perhaps no meas-
j ure waseverintroduced into Congress upon which
I there has been a greater amount of discussion, or
which has been subject to a closer investigation
than the act organizing the coast-survey system.
After fighting it for five years, almost continually,
Congress finally came to the conclusion that the
only possible way to getalong with it, was to pros-
ecute it to completion. The reduction made upon
this subject-matter was $30,000 less than what
was necessary to carry on the work. That re-
duction of $30,000 required a suspension of a por-
tion of the operations, but the Department being
determined to reduce the appropriation to the low-
est possible point, have suspended that portion of
the work which could be delayed without damage.
Now a word as to the effect of the gentleman's
amendment. This coast-survey system demands
many and accurate triangulations, and, of course,
agreatdeal of preparation. It requires the use of
steamboats and men to be distributed all over the
coast, from Maine to California; and if the gen-
tleman succeeds in reducing the appropriation
$100,000,1 tell him it will cost more than two hun-
dred thousand dollars next year to repair the dam-
age which will result. The gentleman might just
as well strike out the wheels of a clock, and expect
it to keep good lime, as to strike out any part of
this appropriation and expect this work to go on.
If the amendment is adopted, it will result in a sus-
pension of the work; it will check the progress of
the system, and must do great mischief. The work
cannot be carried on except as a continuous sys-
tem. I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
I would not have occupied so much time, but
for the fact that the remarks I have made on this
amendment are applicable to every appropriation
in the bill, to a greater or less extent.
