102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
the issue of post notes by banks, and to compel I
them to issue paper payable 011 8emand ? But
here is a post note, and no means for its pay-
went.
I am among the youngest members of the Sen-
ate, and I do not profess any great amount of
financial skill. All my pecuniary transactions un-
fortunately have been small; but it does appear
to me as a most amazing proposition. If you
want to issue paper money, call it paper money;
issue it payable to bearer, and either levy a tax
or provide a fund of some sort by which it can
be kept in good credit, and let it be payable on
demand.
Mr. SI MMONS. This morning, with the view
of ascertaining the purposes contemplated by the
Department and by the committee that intro-
duced this bill, I inquired whether the notes were
to pass from hand to hand by delivery, or by in-
dorsement from holder to holder. It was sug-
gested to me by the provisions of the bill that
there was a difference between the $6,000,000 to
be issued at once and the $14,000,000 to be issued
on advertisement. I supposed that the $6,000,000
were to pass from band to hand by delivery. I
know there is a little delicacy on this point; I
appreciate the " pinch" of those who make pro-
fessions about hard money and want to evade the
honest truth; I do not wish to expose them.
In striking out the provision for fifty dollar
notes, you have destroyed the benefit of this issue
as a currency to pass from hand to hand. If you
restrict it to $100 notes, they will be a capital
medium of exchange; and under the doctrine pro-
fessed by those who propose this issue, that is
the only legitimate use for which such a piece
of paper ever ought to circulate. The Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] sought to correct
the positions assumed by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Puc.ii.] On his ground, he ought to have
gone back of the bill itself, and required the notes
to be drawn payable to bearer in the first place.
If you mean to circulate this species of paper as
a currency, holding the original holder as an in-
dorser, when you know that the principal cannot
be sued, it is a fraud on the public. If I indorse
one of these Treasury notes, may I not be sued
on that indorsement? But the principal, the Gov-
ernment that issues the notes, cannot bo sued. If
you mean to make this paper a currency, do rot,
m God's name, do so by committing a fraud on
the maii who first takes it and indorses it; but if
you mean to make it a medium of exchange, let
every man who holds it be able to trace its course
through the country, and be holden as every man
is who takes an ordinary bill of exchange. If,
however, you are to allow six per cent, interest,
it is inconsistent with any notion of currency or
exchange, and then you ought to have a regular
loan. If you mean to pay six per cent, why not
offer it in the shape of a loan, and then you can
get a premium for it? The Senator from Ohio says
I made a panegyric on bank directors. Thank
God, I never made a panegyric on note shavers;
and this is the worst species of note shaving I ever
heard of—holding the innocent liidorser liable,
and letting the principal go free.
I have no disposition to throw the least embar-
rassment m the way of the Treasury. All I ask
is that the Senator from Virginia will state frankly
to us what he wants, and let us put it in a form
that will be consistent, if not with Democratic
doctrines, at least with commercial docirines, wiih
the notions of mankind, with honest doctrines,
and then I will vote for your bill. But you have
insisted, by a vote on the yeas and nays, upon
having six per cent, interest on these notes. Then
require them to be indorsed, and let them pass
as a medium of exchange. In that way, they may
do some good. I must say, however, that I do
not see how any man in the western country is to
use them for purposes of remittance. They will
be paid out here at the Treasury; and how are
they going to get west of the mountains ? That
is my trouble. I want to get them over there, so
that our western friends can remit them here and
relieve themselves of the premium on exchange.
I say, that for this Government to offer to a
man a Treasury note payable a year ahead, and
oblige him to indorse it in order to give it cur-
rency, when they know that the holder has no
legal remedy against them, is afrand on the pub-
lic, provided the notes are to be used as a circu-
lating medium; but if you are to use these notes
for purposes of exchange, the case is somewhat
different. If the Senator from Virginia will agree
to restrict the bill to the issuing of $5,000,000
Treasury notes, payable to bearer, I shall not
object to it. I must confess that that appears to
me to be what is really intended, and I am sorry
to see that scarcely any man has the courage to
avow it except the honorable Senator from Ohio.
I do not care anything about law; but when a
man rises here and makes an honest proposition,
I will go with him to the death.
If these notes are to beusefultothe community,
such of them as are intended to circulate from
hand to hand ought to be made payable to bearer,
resting on the naked promise of the Government;
and such of them as would be more convenient to
the community, and no less available to the Treas-
ury, as a medium of exchange, ought to be in-
dorsed by each holder; and when they come back
to the Treasury, let them be treated as the Bank
of England treats her notes when she gets them—
let them be stamped and never issued again, and a
record kept of each issue and reissue. I shall
not go into the accounts as to how much may be
wanted for this hand-to-hand circulation; if only
five or six million dollars are asked for that pur-
pose, temporarily, I shall not object to it. Iam
astonished that gentlemen should be so much
alarmed as to the probable result of this experi-
ment that they will do nothing for the relief of the
community, holding themselves as much aloof
from the people as if this Government was wielded
by the Autocrat of the Russias. I do not say that
the Government of the United States has lost its
honest heart, but it acts very much like those
money lenders of whom I spoke yesterday.
I am so desirous to accommodate, that I am
willing, on this occasion, to forego a little sound
doctrine about currency, especially Government
currency; but the Senator from Virginia insists
on having six per cent, for these notes, and leav-
ing large discretionary power in the hands of a
Government that has changed its policy twice in
a week. I do not believe in any such discretion.
Let the House of Representatives and the Senate
piescnbe the mode of issuing this paper. I will
not throw a straw in the way of making it as
useful to the public as possible; but do not hold
the individual inilorsers when the Government
is not held responsible. If these notes are to be
used as a medium of exchange, I do not see any
inconvenience that is to result from holding the
receiving officers responsible for paying the notes
to the right parties.
There is always great propriety in conforming
our action to the public sentiment of the country.
The President of this Republic, recently elected,
undertakes to denounce the currency which the
people are obliged to use, and which they were
very glad to get when it was irredeemable, and he
proposes in its place a worse one. This is a woeful
blow not only at consistency, but at moral hon-
esty. The people now have not a currency which
is really payable in coin, but they have the legal
means of enforcing payment. No State in the
Union has interposed a solitary obstacle between
the debtor and the creditor on bank paper. You
can sue a bank for a dollar note m a justice's
court any day, and recover a dollar in silver or
gold, and half a dollar for costs besides.
Mr. PUGH. They beat us on executions gen-
erally.
Mr. SIMMONS. The banks ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS, I wish you would hand me
an execution against one of them. If I happened
to owe them anything, I could use it as a set-off.
I want the Senator from Virginia to make this
bill such as will suit the Administration. 1 am
sorry that he insists on having it so large. I have
proposed, with the greatest disposition to accom-
modate, a means for the relief of the community,
to travel side by side with this relief to the Gov-
ernment; but I have not yet drawn from him any
public expression on the subject. Every man
with whom I have spoken admits the existence
of frauds on the revenue; and I have proposed to
insert in this bill a provision to guard against
them, to go alongside his penal enactments, for
the man who may undertake to counterfeit one
of these notes. The Senator says my proposi-
tion will involve a great many questions; and he
does not wish to be embarrassed with anything
but getting money into the Government's hands.
I know that those who expect to derive benefit
from a measure, do not wish anything else to be
connected with it.
I shall vote for this amendment, because it will
make this paper better for purposes of exchange
than currency, especially now that the notes are
restricted to $100. Then, I think we ought to
insert a provision that, when one of these notes
returns to the Treasury, it shall never be reissued
in that specific piece of paper; but a substitute
may be issued. I do not mean to embarrass the
Treasury; but I have no idea of holding all the
world as indorsers, and having forty suits on a
single piece of paper.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, for the simple reason
that I concur in the propriety of meeting that
which has been treated as objectionable. I wish
to prevent these notes from circulating as money;
to strip them, as far as possible, of the character
of bank notes; to make them investments which
will be soughtforby those persons whonowhold
specie, and, from want of confidence, hoard it
and guard it as treasure; and to have them circu-
late, as bills of exchange do, by special assign-
ment.
I do not fear that there will be any special diffi-
culty in the publicofficers determining whether the
successive indorsemen ts arc valid or not, because,
in the first place, I believe the indorsements will
be few, and the best custodian of the validity of
the indorsement will be lum who holds the note;
but occasionally it may occur that this Treasury
note will fall into hands surreptitiously, and may
be presented and paid when fraudulently pre-
sented; but that will be an extraordinary case for
which we can provide after it occurs. I prefer
to encounter that hazard rather than make this
Government the issuer of a paper currency. I
believe there is money enough in the country—
and when I say money, I moan gold and silver—
to answer all the wants of commerce. It only
requires to be thrown into circulation, and, as I
said before, it only requires something which
will command the confidence of those who are
now hoarding it, to bring it out and give the pub-
lic the advantage of it. The Government needs
this money, I take it for granted, from the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and from the
estimates of the able chairman of the Committee
on Finance, and therefore I am willing to vote it
in the form of a loan; otherwise I eannotvote for
the bill.
I hold this broad distinction between Govern-
ment banking and banking by individuals; every
individual within a State, but for statutory provis-
ion, might issue his promissory note; any two
individuals associated together as a firm, might
use their promissory note, and those notes might
circulate with everybody who would receive them.
They might have them engraved, and assume the
form of bank notes. The only objection or diffi-
culty to this, is constituted by the statutory provis-
ions agatnst individuals issuing such promissory
notes. All that exists m a bank charter is merely
relieving the individual or corporation from that
statutory prohibition; and hence it is not, as so
often asserted, a State issuing bills of credit, or
authorizing another to do that which it cannot
perform itself. It is merely permitting an indi-
vidual or corporation to use that credit which ho
or it may enjoy among the community where he
lives.
Against paper money issued by the Federal
Government, I would raise my protest in every
form. It was not contemplated by our fathers,
who were a hard-money race. The men who in-
stituted this Government, gave to Congress power
to borrow money. This is one form of borrow-
ing money, or otherwise I would not vote for it.
Make it in any degree an issuance of paper money
by the Federal Government to circulate through-
out the country, and I would vote against it.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. P[tgh.]
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 14, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Clay, Collamer, Davis, Evans,
Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Push, Simmons, Trumbull, and Wade—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, &ayaid, Bell, Benjamin, Biffis,
Bigler, liroderick, ClarK. Crittenden, Dixon, Boolittle, Fes-
senden, Green, Hale, Harlan, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
