1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
beuo ill the House when bis name was called, he
would h;ive voted in the affirmative.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, asked leave to
vote, he having been absent when his name was
called.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Then I de-
sire to say that, if I had been present, I would
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, asked leave to
vote, he having been engaged in his committee
room when lus name was called.
Objection was made.
Mr. BILLSNGHURST stated that Mr. Hous-
ton and himself, differing on this bill, and being
in the committee room when their names were
called, had paired off.
Mr. SANDIDGE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Eustis, was detained from the House by indis-
position.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above recorded.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read the third time.
Mr, BONHAM. I would like to ask if it would
be in order to introduce the first section of the mi-
nority bill, as a substitute for the first three sec-
tions of the bill before the House.
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order pend-
ing the execution of the oidcr of the Hou.sj under
the mam question.
Mr. HUGHES. Imoveto reconsul?r the vote
bv which lbo previous question was seconded.
"Mr. YVASHHURNE, of Illinois. I move to
laj' that motion on the table.
Mr. KEITT. I have never known the vote by
which the previous question was seconded to be
reconsidered; and I raise the question of order, j
that the motion is not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. I think if I could be permitted
to make a single explanation, there would be no
objection.
Mr. HOPKINS. I submit that the motion can-
not be in order. A second merely cannot be re-
considered.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House
having been partially executed, the Chair is of the
opinion that the motion is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is true that the previous
question has not exhausted itself; but does the
Chair hold that u would be in oider toieconsider
the seconding of the demand for the previous ques-
tion at all ?
The SPEAKER. That question has not pre-
sented itself.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Chair holds that the
second can be reconsidered at all, it can be recon-
sidered now as well as at any time. If it can be
reconsidered at all, it can be reconsidered like any
other motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman must perceive
that if the motion to reconsider beemeuauieu, the
vote last taken must first be reconsidered.
Mr. HOUSTON. The previous question only
serves to bring the House to a direct vote upon
the propositions before it. The Hou^e has voted
upon oiip proposition before it; but the fact that
another remains to be voted on would not prevent
the vote seconding the previous question from
being reconsidered.
Mr CLiNGMAN. Is debate in older ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 128, nays 74; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Admin, Ahl, AntW^on, Arkui-S Aveiy,
Bailwiale, Billmqhurat, Bishop, J51au, B<ic>ck. Boiiham,
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Biyan, Burnett, Burn-, Campbell,
Chapman. Horace F. Claik. John 15. Clark, Clay, Cbn<r-
m>m, Cobb, John Cochiane,' Cocke) ill, Cox. Jame< Cuuy^
Button Ciuico, Ciawfoid, Curiv, Cuitw, Davidson, Dan< of
Mi'uland. Davis oflndiana, IK-wait.Diok,Dimimek. Dow-
doll, Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, Floicnce, Foloj. Garnett,
Gailiell, Gilhs, Gilnici, Goode, Gir^g, Gtoe-^beck, Law-
rence W Hall. J. Morrison Han h, Hatch. I law km*, Hick-
man, Hill, Hopkm>, Houston, Huiilic^, Huyler, Jenknis,
J<wett. Geo'cie W. Jones, J. Glaney Jone^/Owen Jon'1*,
Kent. Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kuuk< 1, Lamar, Lundy,
j.ri-vrVnce. Leidw Leichei. Maclay, McKibbuu McCiueen,
IJunipiney Ma:>halK Samuel Mai^hall, Ma-<on. May-
Hard, Mifos, Monbromm. Moure, Edward Joy Mom,-,
L-aae N. Mor: is, Peadu t'>n. IVttit, Po> tnn, Ph..:^, Phil<<p%
Powell, Quitman. Ueadv, Reagan. llieaud, Rutin!, Ru^ril,
Sa.id)d«e. Savage, He.de>>, fc>eott, Searinir, Sewaid, Aaron
Fliaw. Hemv M. Shaw. ^ncleton. Robs it Smith. H.immd
A. Smith. WJh.uri Sninh. Stallwo;lh. ^f'-piiens, .Sm vciI-
s-on. Janu'* A. sSfi'Wai t, Talbot, Croige 1 a\ lor. Mih"- L a\ -
ior, Tuppe, W.ud, Watkms, \Mntu, V/huelcy, W ikon.
Win-low. Wondvon, Wort<md>ke, Au u6tU8 It. Wrisjht, !
and John V. \\ rtjrht—1:28. j
NAYS—Messrs' Abbott, Andrews. Bingham, Bliss, Brav- 1
ton, Buffinton, Builingame, Burmugh- .Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Claw&on, Clemen®, Colfax, Comma, ( ovode, Cragin, Dant-
rell, Davis of Massachusetts, Davn <u fowa, Dawes, Dean,
Dodd, Durfee, English, Farnsworth, Foster^ Giddings, Gil-
man, Goocb, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Hoard, Horton, Howaid, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy,Matteson, Morgan, Morrill,
Freeman H. Mor«e, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Palmer,
Parker, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ritchie, Bobbins,
Roberts, Royce, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton,
Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
Walton, Elhhu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Wood,
and Zolhcoffer—74.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
the third time.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MOTT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Greenwood.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Stewart, of Pennsylva-
nia, upon ali questions relating to Kansas. If
any gentleman on the other side of the House
thought this bill had any relation to Kansas, he
would decline to vote. [" Vote "Vote !"] He
voted (i ay."
The bill, being engrossed, was read the third
time.
Mr.QUITMAN. Idemand (he previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
Mr, HUGHES. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that demand for a moment.
Mr. CtUlTMAN. I am sorry that I cannot
accommodate the gentleman; bat I do not feel au-
thorized to do it.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to he put.
Mr. QUITMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Mcs&is. Ahl, Audenon, Atkins, Bark^dale, Bil-
hniiiiu^t, Bishop, Blair, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce,
Br.viuh, Bjvaii, Burnett, Bums, Campbell, Chapman, Hor-
ace V. Clai k, John B. Clark, Clay, Chngiuan, Cobb, John
Coclitane, Cockenll, Cox, Jamp* Oraiji, Burton Craige,
Crawioid, Cutn. Curus Davidson, D.ivi-s of Man land,
l>avi- i")f Indiana, Dew.irt, Dick, Drromick, Dowdell, f'd-
muiid-on, Elliott, English. Floience, Eolcy, Garnett, Gar-
ttcll, (idh-s, Gilr-ifi, Goode', Giceg, Groesbeck, Lawience
W. 1 [.ill, J. Mwin en Han i>, Hatch, Hawknirf, Hickman, :
Hill Hopknw. non-ton, IIu;zhe^, Jackson. Jenkins, Jew-
i'tt. Gcorac W.'Jo;te>, J. Gla.icj Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt,
Jaocb M Kunkel. John C. Kunkei, I^andy, Lawrence,
Loidy, JjCtclK'i, M^Kibbin, Mcduccn, Humphrey Mai^hall,
S.unu-M H. Tilai-s.al1. M<i-on, Mavnard, Miles, IMiIImiii,
jMontjjonieiy, Mooic, lidwaid Joy Moni>, Isaac N. Moms,
1'endlct'Ui, Peuii, Pe.Mwii, Phelps. Philhps, Powell, Q.uit- '
man. Ready, 11.a:*™, RumikI, ItufTm, Russell, Sandulge,
^av.uire, ScaU^, fcv'ott. bearing, Seward, Aaion f^haw,
H"iny SI. Shaw, Suejivton, Robert Smith, Samuel A.
Smith. Stallwoith, Steplieus, Stevenson. Jame« A. Stew-
art. Talbot, Gi'o,Lre Ta\loi. Miles Taylor, Tnppe, Ward,
Wairen, U'atkins, Whitelov, Wilson, Wmslow. Woodson,
Woitend} ke. Augustus It. Wnght, and John V. Wright
-- i*M.
Jv AVS—Mep.^ri:. Abbott, Andrew^, Bingham, Bli^s, Bray-
tnn, ButHnron, BinhiiLrani'', Burroustis, Chafiee, Ezra
Ct uk. Clay.mi,i. Clemen*. Colfax, Comms, Covode. Cra-
gin, LUmiell, Juvis of Massachusetts, DavN of row a,
J)<iwes. Dean, Uudd, DuiiVe, Fainswoith, Fo-tei, Gid-
duiL^.Cilman. Goocb, Coodwin, Grangei, Giow, Kobcit B.
flail, Haiian,' lla^km, Hoard, Horton, llm\aid, Kcllo??,
Kol-ey. Kilgore. Knapp. Leaeh, Leiter, Lfivejoy, Jlatie-
son. Mori;.in, Moi rill, 1'ieeiuan II. Moit-e, Oliver A. Moise,
Paikei, Pike, Poller, Pottle, Purviancc, Ritchie,
Ru>b.i.-, Robert*, Ttoyce, Jud-on W. Sherman,^Spinner,
S^Titon, Tappan, Thfiyer, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridsc,
Waldion, Walton, EUihu H.VVa^hbume, Israel Washburn^
W«>od, rtinl Zolhcoucr—73.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the rolls>
Mr. AVERY, not being within the bar when
hi* name was called, asked permission to vote.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr. AVERY stated that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should have
■voted "ay." ,
I Mr. ADRA1N, not beins: within the bar when
i his name was colled, asked lea\e to "vote.
Mr. THELPS objected. . ( .
Mr. ADRAIN stated that, if ho had been witnin
the bar when his name was called, he should have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. QUITMAN moved to reconsider tne vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to rccons'Jcr on thj tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A nii', s.; 1 was ii w iV".l fr^m th^ F?'n;ite by
Mr, IIiCK£k'? one of then' cUrks, ii^oimmj tii-_
House that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, a bill of the House for the relief of Dr.
Charles D, Maxwell, a surgeon in the United
States Navy;
Also, that the Senate had passed a jointresolu-
tion of the following title, in which he asked the
concurrence of the House: " A joint resolution
providing for the payment of certain expenses for
holding the United States courts in the Territory
of Utah."
ENROLLED RESOLUTION AND BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint res-
olution respecting the distribution of certain pub-
lic documents;
Also, a bill for the relief of Dr. Charles D. Max-
well, a surgeon in the United States Navy, when
the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Is not this private bill day?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope we shall have the
committees called for reports of private bills.
Mr. DAVIDSON. The Committee of.Claims
is a privileged committee. I want to make a re-
port from that committee.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. PHELPS. I have a statement I want to
make to the House. I am reported as having the
other day introduced a bill for the admission of
Kansas into the Union, and comments have been
made upon that report. Now, sir, I have intro-
duced no such bill. I suppose the bill introduced
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mont-
gomery] was attributed by the telegraphic re-
porters to me.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 60, noes 70.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I renew the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. LETCHER,. I hope the House will not
take the yeas and nays. It is useless to consume
the time of the House in that manner.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to suggest that,by
unanimous consent, the House shall meet to-mor-
row, and go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the puipose of general
drbate. There are many members who desire to
make speeches.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope that course will he
pursued, so that those of us who wish to do so,
can go to the Departments to attend to our busi-
ness. That will obviate the necessity of adjourn-
ing over.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope we shall go on with
our business, or else adjourn over promptly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 move that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn until Monday
next; and upon that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 125; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bishop. Bowie, Bryan.Bur-
loucjhs, Ca kie, Chapman, E/.ra Ci.uk, Horace F. Claik,
John 15. Claik, Clay, Chnmnan, John Cochrane. Burton
Craiu'o, Cnwtbid, D.ividj-oa, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Indiana. Dumniek. Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence,
Gtlhs Goode. Gteir<i, Groe.-heck, Robert B. Hall, llaskui,
ILuch. l!aw km--, H uihe..^, Jewett, Kent, JacobM. Kunkyl,
John C. LCnnkel, Lanrn. Dundy. M >elay, McKibhni, Mc-
Uueen, Samuel Marshall, Miles, Montgomery, Edward
Jov Mori is. Phillips, IWcU. Uuitman, itieaud, Ritehie,
; lUlhrrv*. liuitln 11. Hcott, Aaron Stnw. Robeit Smith,
I William Plinth, Spmnei. Stallwoith. Stephens >Stevenson.
1 Tappan, Gooii>i* Tailor, Ward, Wmslow, Woodson, and
i All ;U-tll> It. Wllj^ht—h7.
; XAVS—Abbott, Adiam. Ahl, Atkins, Avery,
' Baikbdalr. Bdhtiirhu^i, Bingham, Blair. Bliss, Bocock,
. Bianch, Biavton, Bulfinfm. Burlu^ame, Burnett. k'"n?>
! C<w, Clial]<*e, dawson, Clemens, Cobb, Coek* nil, U> tax,
; Corum--, Covode, Cov, Cragin, James Uiaig, Gun>, curiia,
