1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
Ai kansas, Jones, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Polk,
lleut, w;.ud, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Wilson,
and VViight—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. After this vote I ask the Senator
from Virginia to accept the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, to strike out the fourth
section of the bill, and thus make the notes pay-
able to the bearers. It is a manifest injustice to
hold the bearer responsible for the indorser, for
if the Government will not pay, he is liable for
the amount. I cannot make the motion myself,
because I cannot vote for the bill; butlhope the
Senator will strike out that section.
Mr. HUNTER. I prefer to keep the bill in the
same form in which it has been since 1837 to this
time—the form approved by expeiience. I have
nut heard of any injustice being occasioned by it.
Mr. BENJ AMIN. If there are no other amend-
ments to bo offered by the opponents of the bill,
1 will offer one or two as a friend of the bill, and
by way of perfecting it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] laid upon the
table certain amendments, which he said he would
call up at the proper time.
Mr. HALE. I do not believe that time hag
come yet. [Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Section twelve of the bill
is intended to punish counterfeiting. After the
word " counterfeited," in the ninth line of that
section, I move to insert the following words:
Or shall falsely alter or cause, or procure to be falsely
altered, or willingly aid, or assist in falsely altering any
Treasury note Issued as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In line ten of the same sec-
tion, after the word " publish," I move to insert
the words " or attempt to pass, utter, or publish."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the ninth line of the
twelfth section, after the word "falsely," the
word " made" is left out in the printed bill. I
move that it be inserted.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia whether he intends to have these notes re-
issued ?
Mr. HUNTER. Under the bill, the operation
of which is limited to a year, it is provided that
when these notes come in they shall not be reis-
sued, but new ones may be put out in their places.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is what I wanted to
know.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed, and read a third time. It was
read the third time; and on the question, " Shall j
the bill pass?"
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll. When
his name was called,
Mr. BRODER1CK said: I have voted steadily
with the friends of this bill against all amendments
offered by Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber, and I regret that I cannot now vote for it.
Considering it to be in direct violation of the sub-
Treasury act, I must record my vote against it.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 desire to give notice that as
soon as this bill is disposed of I shall ask that the
joint resolution regulating the pay of members of
Congress be taken up and passed to-night. I trust
Senators will not leave the Hall, therefore, before
the passage of that resolution.
The result of the vote was then announced—
yeas 31, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown. Clay, Crittenden, Douglas, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpat-
iick. Foot, Green, Hale, Hunter, Ivcrson, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Jone*, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Polk,
Reid, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart. Thomson of New Jersey,
Wilson, and Wiiglit—31.
NAY'S—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Colla-
^mej, Davis. Dixon, Doolittlc, tiuikee, Fessenden, Hamlm,
Hailan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Pugli, Simmons,
Trumbull, and Wade—18.
So the bill was passed.
PAY OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, the joint reso-
lution (No. 2) from the House of Representa-
tives to amend an act entitled " An act to regu-
late the compensation of members of Congress,"
approved August 16, 1856, was read a first time,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not propose to make
any remaiks on this joint resolution. I presume
it is not necessary to refer it, as it will not r#«?uire
the action of any committee whateyer. Senators
are all familiar with the defect which this joint
resolution proposes to remedy. I propose, there-
fore, that it be, at once, put on its passage.
Mr. BAYARD. I move the reference of the
joint resolution. If my single objection wiil pre-
vent its passhge to-night, I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing-made, thejointresolution will be read a second
time with a view to reference.
The joint resolution was read a second time.
Mr. BAYARD. I move its reference to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope that motion will not
prevail.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint res-
olution lies on the table, the Senate having refused
to refer, and objection being made to its passage.
Mr. STUART. No, sir; the Chair is mis-
taken. it is in the power of the Senate to take
up any bill or joint resolution, and act upon it at
any time.
Mr. DAVIS. By unanimous consent.
Mr. STUART. No; a majority of the Senate
can do it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution has been read twice, and it requires
unanimous consent to read it a third time on the
same day.
Mr. BROWN. If it has been read twice, it is
under consideration, of course.
ThePliESlDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Delaware object to the consideration of
the bill ?
Mr. BAYARD. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then, under
the rules, it cannot be considered.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest to the Chair that,
after its first reading, the Senator may object to
its second reading; but if it is passed to a second
reading, then the question is upon its reference;
and if the Senate refuses to refer it, the joint res-
olution comes before the Senate for action.
Mr. BAYARD. Idonotseehow thatcanbe.
The joint resolution cannot be read three times
on the same day, except by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theonly ques- ■
tion is, whether it can be ordered to be read a
third time after an objection has been made. A
bill or joint resolution cannot be read three times
m one day, under the rule, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BROWN. The Senate can order it to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Sir. PUGH. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
Senators will debate this matter until Monday
morning.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion, so as to allow me an opportu-
nity of giving the reason why it is necessary to
act on this resolution this evening.
Mr. PUGH. I am not prepared to vote on it.
Mr. IVERSON. The reason is simply this:
I am informed that several members of the other
House desire to leave here on Monday for their
homes, and they wish to get this money before
they leave. It is important for them to get it;
and for their convenience I urge the passage of
this joint resolution to-night.
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio withdraw his motion to adjourn?
Mr. PUGH. I do not care to press it, but I do
not believe wc shall have a vote on this question
to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and open to amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear it
read. I have not heard it read yet.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is evident that this res-
olution cannot pass this evening; I therefore
renew the motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 16, noes 24.
Mr. STUART. I hope we shall now order the
bill to a third reading.
Mr. DOOLITTLfi. I understand that this is
a joint resolution to ?lter flit low pa-wed ft the last ■
Congress, in relation to the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress. There are certain facts which
should not be overlooked in connection with this
measure. During the recessof Congress several
members of the Senate, and also of the House of
Representatives, have died, and I understand that
no provision is made as to their compensation.
When this measure comes up for consideration it
should be perfected, so that it will be perfect itt its
form and be made to reach those cases which have
arisen. I am not prepared with an amendmenttb
offer, nor do I insistupon taking up time by speak-
ing on it. If a majority of the Senate are in favor
of its passage, I do not desire to delay action:
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read.
The Secretary read it. It directs that the com-
pensation allowed to members of Congress, by the
act entitled "An act to regulate the compensation
of members of Congress,"approved August 16,
5856, be paid in the following manner: On the
first day of the first session of Congress, or as
soon afterward as he may be in attendance and
apply,each Senator, Representative, and Delegate
is to receive mileage as now provided by law, and
all his compensation from the beginning of his
term, to be computed at the rate of §250 a month,
and during the session,compensation at thesame
rate; and, on the first day of the second, or any
subsequent session, he is to receive his mileage as
nowallowed by law, and all compensation which
has accrued during the adjournment at "the" same
rate. ' '
Mr. BAYARD. I will state as brieflyas I can
the effect of this resolution. The convictions on
my mind are clear that we ought not to pass such
a bill or resolution under any circumstances, and
1 will give one objection, at least, which I think it
will be difficult to answer.
Under the former compensation law, we received
eight dollars per day, and the increased compen-
sation, by the act of last year, speaking in general
terms, doubled that pay; but Congress provided
that the increased compensation should only be
paid at the end of each session. That is the pro-
vision of the bill, as it stands. The effect of the
present resolution is to make the pay come at the
beginning of the session. Now, I want to show
where I think it will work great injustice and cor-
ruption, if I may use the term. I think no milder
word would apply to the case. The object for
which the law was framed, of giving to each
member his pay, on the same footing, no matter
whether be was elected or not at the commence-
ment of the term, is all perfectly right; to that I
do not object; that is, whether a member was
elected before his term commenced, or in the
months of November or August last. You may,
if you please, say he is entitled to pay from the
month of March, 1857; though in point of fact,
if a session of Congress had been called into ex-
istence, he would not have been able to perform
the duties. I do not object to that. In the form
of our Confederacy it is necessary to equalize pay
J ill that respect.
| Whatistheeffectofthis joint resolution ? That
I in many cases you give pay to a person who was
I not in existence, to perform the duty, and to
j others who were never called on to perform the
| duty: you put them in the position that on the
| first day of the session they are to receive pay
j for arrears, as they are called, that have accrued;
i when, in point of fact, there may have been no
1 valid election. In case of a contested election,
j there cannot be two persons entitled to the same
1 seat. Where two persons claim to be entitled
I to a seat, and one presents himself with the
j credentials, that is prima facie evidence that be is
| entitled to a seat. If this amendment to the com-
| pensation law be made, he is entitled to get his
I foil pay when sworn in, and then, if he is un-
I sr-ated, his successor can do the same thing.
I That is not right. I know the old usage of Con-
! gress was—and that practice was fair and right
i enough—that the member should be ^aid until he
i was unseated. Of course, lie was fairly entitled
! to his per diem from the day he attended until
i the day he was unseated; and in courtesy (I sup-
j pose under some sort of a notion that it was right
| to give an opportunity to contestants, without too
i great an expense to them, to contest Seats) both
the House of Representatives and the Senate used
to vote that the contestant should be paid mileage
and per diem out of the contingent fund during
