2214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
I have said, sir5 that there is no safe harbor for
our coasting vessels from New York to Norfolk.
There is but one of any description—that at Cape
Henlopen, on the opposite side of the bay; and
this (owing to circumstances detailed in Major
Bache's report,and which have still greater weight
now) is not well adapted to this class of vessels.
The portly Dutch galleon, or the three-masted In-
diaman, may ride out a storm there in compara-
tive safety; but the coasting-skipper regards it
"with distrust; and, rather than seek shelter under
its stone barriers, will risk the dangers of the tem-
pest elsewhere. Apart from ail other consider-
ations, its space alone is too limited to afford room
forall the craft that need a harbor. During a calm,
indeed, the navies of the world might find anchor-
age within its walls; but, during high gales, an-
chors will drag; and ships often suffer more from
collisions-with one another than they would from
the tempest in the open sea. In accidents of this
sort, it is always the smaller craft that must suf-
fer. But there is another consideration, sir, of
still more consequence. All coasting vessels from
Philadelphia, bound for eastern ports, navigate
the channel on the Cape May side; it is their
shortest and quickest route. To reach flenlopen,
they must cross a bay notoriously dangerous,
from its numerous shoals, even in moderate weath-
er. They_prefer to run into Maurice river cove,
a natural harbor, formed far up the bay by a curve
in the line of coast; and here are often collected,
at one time, more than a hundred sail of vessels,
it cannot be difficult to imagine how grateful to
such a fleet would be the breakwater contemplated
in the bill. Sheltered by the land on one side, and
a stone wall breaking the force of the waves upon
the other, these little shallops might here ride out
in safety the wildest storms that ever sweep across
the Atlantic. It is for these, sir, that this work
is so imperatively demanded.
These brigs and schooners, which come out of
your creeks and rivers, and do the carrying trade
along your coast, are at this time by far the most
important class of vessels navigating Delaware
river and bay. The foreign commerce of Phila-
delphia is at present scarcely greater than it was
sixty years ago. New York and Boston have
usurped this sort of trade; but the number of coast-
ing vessels sailing to and from it is scarcely sur-
passed by any city in the world. In the year
1857, the arrivals amounted to upwards of thirty-
two thousand, being at the rate of nearly one hun-
dred a day.
The location of the breakwater is intended to
be on what is designated m Major Bach«\s report
as Crow shoal. This is near the point of Cape
May, and at all times would ailord a sufficient
depth of water to float the class of vessels for
which it lp designed. The advantages of this po-
sition are fully set forth in the report of the com-
mittee, and the papers winch accompany it. Be-
ing near the point of the cape, vessels would be
detained there only during the prevalence of a
storm. Head winds could not prevent them from
taking advantage of the first lull in the tempest to
continue their voyage. Such is not the case when
they make Maurice river cove their harbor. This
is twenty-five miles from the chopsj of the cape;
and vessels once entered there, are often detained
for weeks from again putting out to sea. The
wind from the south, which would be most favor-
able to them if the cape were once rounded, will
now be dead ahead, and will baffle all their at-
tempts to accomplish it. With such a wind, it
will often occupy them the entire day to reach the
point of the cape. When once there, n ijht has
come on; the sky perhaps looks threatening; and
the pilot, considering the risk of putting to sea
at such a time and in such weather, prudently
chooses the lcsserevil, and runs back to his morn-
ing's anchorage. This is no imaginary case: it is
one which is constantly occurring. Fleets of these
vessels are often seen lying idle in the cove day
after day, long after the stonn has passed over;
unable, in consequence of adverse winds, to reach
and round the cape. It has been estimated that
nearly enough is lost every year, by this detention
alone, to build the harbor. Give this same fleet
of vessels the breakwater on Crow shoal, they
run into it on the approach of a storm, and the
next morning, if the wind be fair and the tnnpest
has abated, they can, m one short hour, round the
cape and wing their way to their eastern port.
Mr. Chairman,ail who live on Cape May and
all who cruise in these coasting vessels speak of
this matter in some such terms as I have endeav-
ored to repeat here. The hinderances to com-
merce from the want of this work, so far from
being exaggerated by them, I believe to be vastly
greater than they are represented. But difficulties
of this kind might be permitted to go unnoticed,
were they the only thing to be taken into consid-
eration. There is another subject which demands
attention, and which cannot be so lightly passed
over; I mean the suffering and loss of life which
are continually occurring from the want of this
work. Every year forty or fifty vessels are
wrecked within the immediate neighborhood of
the shoal where this harbor is designed to be con-
structed, and at least as many lives are lostinthe
same time. Others escape with life, but only after
enduring such sufferings as few, I apprehend, in
this Hall, can form any conception of. It is no
uncommon thing to see sailors in midwinter cling-
ing for frours to the cross-trees of their sunken
vessels, exposed to the northern gales and snow-
storms, which actually freeze them to the rigging.
Many thus perish from exposure; others escape,
but with health shattered, with limbs frost-bitten,
and crippled for life. The little church-yards of
Cape May contain the bodies of many a poor sail-
or who might to-day be navigating our seas had
there been a.harbor on its shore to protect him.
As a mere question of economy, the Govern-
ment would be the gainer by making an appropri-
ation for this purpose. 1 have already referred to
the loss by detention; this is said to be equal at
least to two trips a year between Philadelphia and
Boston. More than five hundred vessels are em-
ployed in the coal trade alone between these cities;
each of these will carry about two hundred tons;
and at the usual freight of $1 50 per ton, the loss
in this way alone would be #300,000. This, com-
bined with the loss by wreck, which is nearly
as great, would amount to such a sum, I appre-
hend, as would be amply sufficient to build the
work. But should the expense be greater, and
should the loss bo even less than has been esti-
mated, surely no one can doubt that since appli-
cation was first made for it to Congress in 1836,
the amount lost by wrecks alone,'which could have
been prevented by it, would have built such a state-
ly harboras would have challenged'the admiration
of the world. Every month's delay in making the
necessary appropriations is adding to these losses.
Gentlemen, every year, vote, with little hesi-
tation, millions of money to embellish this city.
They construct patent offices, treasury buildings,
post offices, by the acre. They make large appro-
priations for new domes which are to tower grace-
fully towards the vault of heaven, and for new
houses of legislation which are to excite the envy
of the capitals of Europe. They eagerly furnish
the nccessary supplies to complete an aqueduct
which is to exceed,in grandeurandexpense,any-
thing known to ancient or modern times. I, sir,
do not complain of all this; I believe my name
will be found recorded in favor of most, if not all,
of these appropriations. But, sir, while wo vote
such sums for objects which will serve for little
more than a magnificent parade, let not gentlemen
tell us that the Treasury is empty, that our cus-
tom-houses are idle, that we have a war upon our
hands, and that therefore the Government is too
poor to do anything for those who are suffering
and perishing upon our coast.
These coasting vessels are the schools in which
are educated most of the seamen who are to man
your national ships in time of war. On board of
these they learn everything that it is necessary
for a sailor to know, and experience all the vi-
cissitudes of a sea-faring life that they would be
likely to witness m ?ny part of the globe. A
fostering care extended over them would render
them ever grateful to the Republic. It is to these
she owes much of the glory acquired by our little
Navy in the last war with England; and it is to
these she must be indebted for whatever glory it
mayacquire in the future. Fromjustsuch schools
graduated those who bore your flag so proudly be-
neath the walls of Tripoli, and bearded the Turk
within his stronghold. Upon the marble monu-
ment which graces the western ascent to this Cap-
itol, a grateful country has engraven the names
of those who distinguished themselves in our con-
flict with the States of Barbary. Two, sir, stand
out prominently before the rest. On different oc-*
casions, each was the principal actor in the two
most desperate undertakings of the whole war.
One entered the harbor of Tripoli by night, and
under the funs of their forts burnt the frigate
Philadelphia to the water's edge. The other, on
board a fire-ship, attempted to run into and destroy
the Turkish fleet; and being boarded by gun-
boats, which overpowered his little crew, fired his
magazine and annihilated friend and foe. Somers
perished, but his gallant deeds are still treasured
up by his countrymen; and the people of Cape
May point with pride to one, who, reared among
them, first learned, like Decatur, to brave the dan-
gers of the sea in the little schooners of the coast.
It is men from just such schools as these that
man the fleets of England, and which make her
to-day the mistress of the sea. It was these
which enabled her so recently to humble the Rus-
sian power in the Crimea, and rendered her flag
victorious in the seas of China and on the Persian
gulf. Take from her ships of war the stout hearts
and willing hands which have been recruited from
her coasting vessels, and how insignificant would
her power become ?
To foster and protect them, she furnishes with
a liberal hand every appliance that can lessen,
and every expedient thatcanavert the horrors of
a wreck. Light-houses, station-houses, harbors of
refuge, stud her whole line of coast. Night and
day sentinels keep constant watch upon her cliffs.
A harbor of the kind I speak, sir, when once
constructed, answers for all time to.come. The
first expense is the only one; its immovable walls
never need repair. -The time must come, sir, when
this work will have to be constructed; and why
not begin at once ? Every month's delay but adds
to the long catalogue of disasters which has al-
ready become so appalling. The lapse of each
year sends to a watery grave scores of our fellow-
beings, and witnesses the destruction of whole
fleets of our coasting vessels.
To show, Mr. Chairman, that what I have been
saying is not mere idle declamation, permit me
here to read an extract from a letter addressed to
me, some two years since, by Mr. Holmes, of
New Jersey. This gentleman has spent his life
upon the coast, and has, perhaps, been instru-
mental in saving more people from shipwreck than
any one now living. For the last sixteen years
he has been the agent of the underwriters of New
York and Philadelphia, and has repeatedly re-
ceived from them testimonials of their warmest
approbation, both for his devotion to their inter-
ests and to the interests of humanity. I have the
honor of his personal acquaintance; I have been
at his home upon the sea-side; I have conversed
with those who know him intimately; and all con-
cur in characterizing him as one whose opinion
on a subject of this kind is entitled to the highest
respect. His humane efforts m behalf of the poor,
shipwrecked sailor, have palsied his own limbs,
crippling him perhaps for life; but he still feels,
if possible, more acutely than ever, for the mis-
fortunes of others. Whatever comes from such
a source must have infinitely more weight ?han
anything that I could say; and the committee, I .
am sure, will pardon menf I trespass upon its
time with some extracts from his communication.
His letter bears date February 20, 1856. The
winter had been severe; and he thus alludes to
some of the hardships encountered by our seamen
at such times:
" For more than two months the Delaware hay has now
been eloscd by ice, while the vessels bound into it pave
been compelled to lay at anchor back of our beach, exposed
to the storms of this tenible coast, or go down to Hampton
ltoad-3 for a harbor. There has been no place of safety which
would properly accommodate these vessels, and into which
they couicl get, shoit of the capes of "Vngima. The poor
sailor ha^ no voice in the affaus of the nation, and takes no
part in the (Jovoumient, because his home is upon the £,ieat
deep ; yet lie is entitled to our warmest sympathy, and eould
the members of Congress, as I have done, witness hi= suf
fering, caused by the want of tins national vvoik, I know
they would do all m their power to add to his comfort, and
he glad to thus shelter him from the pitiless btorm. I wish
the menihcis of Congiess, who have powoi thus to befriend
the friendless, would visit this coast and witness some of
its winter stoims. I know it would do them good and ben-
ctit those who must look to them for aid. 1 have now acted
on this coast, fiom Cape May to Little Egg Harbor, a dis-
tance of foity miles, as a ire nt for the Philadelphia and New
York underwnters, fourteen years, and I have seen suffer-
ing and lo-'? of i ife that have been caused by the want of such
$ haibor, wJiieJi J do not eaio to recaii."
And in another place alluding to the harbor at
Cape Henlopen, he says:
"The breakwater of the opposite capo is considered no
haibor for small vessels. It is so exposed to our northeast
i gales that they will not go into it if they can possibly avoid
