KM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
the period of time he was in attendance. The
operation of this joint resolution would be to give
to a member whose seat is contested not a ccrtain
•amount for the time he was a member of Con-
gress, if he was unseated, and therefore never
validly elected, but to give to each member who
ge.ts returned a bonus of some nine months' pay
to which he was never entitled, for he has not
be.qp a member; and then you have to pay the
game money over again to the person validly
fleeted to the seat. That is the necessary result.
I cannot pause now to say whether that could be
obviated by a different language. The suggestion
was made to me when I spoke of that objection to
a gentleman, that we could provide, in the case
of a contested seat, that the parties should not
receive pay. That would be unjust, for if a
member's seat is contested, and he is entitled to
it, he ought to stand upon the same footing as
every other member of Congress.
Again, there is no particular time limited. This
resolution is to operate on the first day of the
^ession. It would be almost impossible to find
then whether a seat was contested or not. Under
this resolution, as proposed to be passed, you give
to a man who was never a member of the Sen-
ate or House of Representatives by any valid
election, pay, not for the time he is in attendance,
but you give him under the name of arrears, which
cannot accrue if he never was a member, nine
month's pay. I cannot vote for such a billon
any such giound. I like to have my pay, per-
haps, as soon as any man, but that is a question
which I do not think I am at liberty to look at.
The individual conveniences of myself and others
should not be consulted.
I think this measure will lead to corruption if
U be passed, and I hope, if it should be passed,
that the President will veto it, for it is intrinsically
wrong in itself. The effect will be to pay double
to one person who is entitled, because whenever
he is sworn in he will be entitled beyond all
question; and if the contestant succeeds, you pay
a man who was never validly elected to the seat,
for a period of time during which he never could
render service, or be called on to render service.
I am opposed to the joint resolution entirely, and
I have given my reason for it. All 1 shall insist
on is that the yeas and nays be taken on its pas-
sage. I wish to rccord my vote against it.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Delaware
speaks with a very confident opinion. No man
is better entitled, from his genera! intelligence and
his ability as a lawyer, to do so ; but i suppose
Senatois may be allowed to differ with him la his
construction of the law.
Now, sir, 1 could not vote for that resolution
at this time of the evening if I were not satis-
fied, in my own judgment, that the Senator from
Delaware is utterly wrong in his construction of
the compensation act. He assumes that the
compensation law of last session prescribed that
this arrearage of compensation should not be
paid until the end of the session. 1 differ with
him. 1 do not mean to say that the first section
of it is clear, by any means. None can read that
bill without seeing that it was either drawn with
a very hurried pen, or by an unskillful penman.
But, as far as my judgment is involved, while I
think that that first section admits of no clear
construction, the best construction I can place
upon it is th^t, under the law, the compensation
is payable oh (he first day of the session.
What is this joint resolution? Why, if that
construction of the compensation law be right, it
is a mere declaratory statute, nothing moie. If
it were to introduce a new principle luto this com-
pensation law, I would be ready, aa suggested
by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doojlittle,] to review the whole ground, nod sno
if any cases have been omitted. I am satisfied
cases have been omitted, and that cases have not
been acted on which ought to have been enter-
tained and received, and which will be no doubt
in a proposition for a general revision of thatlaw.
The reason why 1 rose, was merely to say that
the confident opinion expressed by the honoiable
Senator frum Delaware, thai the iiist section of
that bill admits of no other construction than that
this money is payable only at the end of the ces-
sion, is nq£ participated in by at least one Sena-
tor. ■
Now I mean to say further, as I read that first
section, that the compensation is due on the first I
day of the session. I submit it to the intelligence
of Senators, whether lawyers or .not, whether, in
common sense, it is not payable on that day ; and
although it may be that a debt that is due is not
payable, yet it devolves upon those who say it is
not payable to show clearly where it is deferred
and the time to which it is deferred. I say that
upon the construction of that first section there is
no contingency that can happen in human affairs
which would divest the right of payment of the
debt. Death will not, resignation will not do it.
The honorable Senator says there is a contin-
gency, and that that contingency is where there
may be a contested seat. Suppose there is a con-
tested seat: the sitting member is the member, and
is so admitted in all parliamentary law. Can he
not vote? Can he notgovern the legislation of the
country by his vote? And yet, says the honor-
able Senator, a member whose seat is contested
ought not to be entitled to the paymentwhich the
law piescribes, lest his seat should be vacated. I
say that that is no contingency. The sitting mem-
ber, although his seat is contested, is a member
de jure et de facto, invested with all the rights,
privileges, and emoluments, that belong to the
place; and none can doubt it. It may be, for all
I know, after a sitting member has been ousted
in any case, that the Senate or House of Repre-
sentatives, m its liberality or justice, may com-
pensate him for the loss of his time, and also the
member who was not sitting at the time, until it
was decided.
i have thought it due to myself to say what I
have said, because, when I first read that law I
agreed with the opinions of the honorable Senator
from Delaware, and told gentlemen around me
that that was my construction; but I found a dif-
ferent opinion prevailed, and I felt called upon to
look at the law closely, and I am satisfied, as far
as my judgment goes—I do not speak with con-
fidence—that the "best construction which can be
placed on that first section, although it is not clear,
is that the money is payable now. I am perfectly
indifferent whether it is paid or not.
Mr. DOUGLAS, i wish to offer an amend-
ment to this joint resolution different from any
which lias yet been proposed, and I know it is one
that will lead to debate. I am certain that we arc
to have a long debate if we attempt to go on with
this subject now. There are amendments which
I think justice requires should be made to this bill,
and as we have not time to consider them now,
having been so arduously engaged all day, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 ask the Senator to with-
draw the motion for a moment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I withdraw it for the pres-
ent.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 only wish to say that the
honorable Senator from Virginia is perfectly at
liberty to lecture me. I want to state the reason
why i assumed that to be the construction of the
law. I supposed the House of Representatives
would not thmk it necessary to legislate in order
to enable them to do that which they could do
under the law I therefore assumed that the House
of Representatives, in passing such a bill, neces-
sarily supposed that that legislation was requi-
site, and that, agreeing with my own construc-
tion, I stated it confidently. If we come to the
construction of the other law, I shall not be quite
so confident when I find the opinion of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia opposed to mine,
though my convictions are stiong,and I shall en-
deavor to sustain them, m order to show that he
is m eiror in the constiucUon of that law.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Illinois gives
us notice that he has amendments to offer which
are going to give rise to a iong debate. I think
that is taking rhe advantage of the rest of us. lie
has his amendments fixed m his own mind, and
his speech prepared. If we are going to adjourn
over on these amendments, he sliouid let us know
what they are, in order that we mav prepare our
speeches. Can he not give us a little inkling of
them ?
Mr. DOUGLAS, With the greatest pleasure.
The amendment that I suggested would lead to
debate is this: the special session was convened
on the 4th of March for the purpose of confirming
the Cabinet, and other executive business. Of the
new members summoned to that session-, some
came from California, and from the different parts !
and extremes of the country, and traveled here I
and back without any pay for that service. I
think the law should be changed so that the new
members who came on here especially for that
session should receive their mileage for coming
and returning. This provision is not to apply to
old members of the Senate, or to give double pay,
but will only allow pay to those who came here
from their homes for the purpose of attending that
session and returned after the adjournment. It
was with that view that I wished to move an
amendment. I have no speech to make on it, but
I am certain it will lead to debate; and for that
reason I move the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and at six and a half
o'clock, p. m., the Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 19, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in order
to be the call of committees for reports/
Mr. BENNETT. Does not the resolution
which T introduced yesterday come up first this
morning?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
The call of committees was continued.
Mr. GROW. I would suggest to the House
that we commence the call for States where it was
left off yesterday, and that we finish that call, in
order that we may get business before the com-
mittees.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee of Ways and Means.
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS.
Mr. STfclWART, of Maryland. I desire to
offer a resolution in reference to the execution of
the order passed the other day relating to the cler-
gymen of this city opening the House by prayer.
I observe that the House was opened to-day with-
out prayer. I suppose there will be no objection
to the resolution. I understand the clergymen
are laboring under some embarrassment, which
I desire to remove.
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Let the reso-
lution be reported, and I think the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Objection was not withdrawn, and the call of
committees was continued.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that
there are very few committees ready to report. I
therefore move that the rules be suspended, and
thai the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union,
* The motion was not agreed to.
JOHN HAMILTON.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, leported a bill for the relief of John
Hamilton; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LETCHER. Is there a report accom-
panying1 that bill ?
Mr. STANTON. A report was made last Con-
gress.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I hope that that re-
port will be printed with the bill, so that when the
bill comes up we may have an opportunity oC
knowing something about it.
Mr. STANTON. Add to the motion, that the
report from the Committee of Claims of last ses-
sion be printed.
It was so ordered.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The call of committees being concluded—
The SPEAKER announced the call of States#
for resolutions next m order; and that the ques-
tion recurrcd on the following resolution, offered
yesterday by Mr. Bennett, when his State was
called for resolutions:
Resolved, That a select enmmittoe of   be appointed
by the Speaker to take into eon&ideiatmn all such petitions
and matters relating to Die construction of i oads, lailroads,
oi telegtaph lines to the Pacific ocean, as shall be refened
to them by the House.
