1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Bamtell, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Bean, Ttewart, Dick,Dodd, Dowdell, Edmundson, Farns-
worth,-'Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gartrell, biddings, Oilman,
Gilmer, Gooctl, Goodwin, Granger, Crow, Harlan, Hick-
man, Hoard, Hopkins, Horton, Houston, Howard, Huyler,
Jackson, Jenkins, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kel-
logg, Kelsev, K#gore, Knapp, Lawrence, Leach, Leidy,
«,l.eiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Mason,
Matteson, Maynard, Mflson, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Isaac
N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse,Mott, Mur-
ray, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, Ready, Reagan, Bobbins, Rover, San-
didge, Scales,Seward, HenryM. Shaw, Samuel A. Smith,
Stanton, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Thayer,
Tompkins, Tlippe, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton,
Warren, Elhhu B. Washburne, Watkins, White, Whiteley,
Wortendyke, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—125.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The question recurred upon the motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will withdraw that motion for a
few minutes, and allow the committees to report
private bills.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I hope the gentleman will
■withdraw the motion, and allow me to move to
discharge the Committee of Claims from certain
memorials which have been referred to them, and
have them referred to another and more appro-
priate committee.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I will cheerfully do that if
I do not lose the floor thereby. If, by general
consent, the committees can be called for reports,
I cheerfully withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. The question then recurs
upon the motion that the rales be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the.Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion.
■ Mr. LETCHER. I would gladly accommo-
date my friend from Louisiana, but I want this
question tested.
Mr. COVODE. I do not understand that the
gentleman from Massachusetts has withdrawn
his motion.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I withdrew my motion simply
for the purpose of allowing the committees to be
called for reports.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I renew the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. HAWKINS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Savage and
Buss were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 70, noes 70.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative.
So the motion was not agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The question recurred on Mr. Letcher's mo-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Indiana, and Smith, of Tennessee, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 93, noes 30.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the slate of the Union,
(Mr. Bocotit in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideiation of House bill No. 30G, to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriation for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1858, upon
which Mr. Letcher was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, knowing the
universal anxiety to engage in discussions of an
exciting character in this House, I really have felt
some hesitation about occupying any portion of
the time of the committee in the consideration of
the met its of the bill which is now before it; but,
sir, on further reflection and consultation with
friends, it was deemed advisable that I should at
least call attention to some of the more prominent
features of the bill, with the various recommenda-
tions from the several Departments of the Govern-
ment, upon which its provisions are based. I
propose io do nothing more now; and if I can get
the attention of the House, I desire to call atten-
tion Specifically to each document, so that it will
be in the power of every member himself to pro-
cure the documents from his box and examine
them, and to satisfy his own mind as to the pro-
priety of the passage of this bill. This bill is a
bill (No. 306) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1858.
The first provision of this bill relates to the
compensation of the officers, clerks, messengers
and others receiving an annual salary in the ser-
vice of the House of Representatives. Upon ref-
erence to Miscellaneous Document No. 36, of
this session, the items which are intended to be
embraced in this provision of the bill will be found
on page 5, under classification No. 4. It provides
for messengers, authorized by resolution of 23d
December, 1857, which was the resolution adopted
upon the report of my colleague, [Mr. Faulkner,]
in regard to the officers of this House, which
made that number of additional messengers ne-
cessary, and which demands of us, therefore, that
we should provide the means for paying them.
By the same resolution an additional number
of laborers was also provided, and the appropria-
tion for that purpose is $2,000.
" For furniture for Speaker's room, and com-
mittee 's rooms, Clerk's offices, Sergeant-at-Arm's
office, Doorkeeper's room, &c.," $30,000 more is
rendered necessary by the removal of this body
into the present building, and their occupancy of
the committee rooms in this building.
The next item is an appropriation of $3,000 for
newspapers, which is found necessary to make
up the deficiency to that amount in the contin-
gent fund of the House for that purpose. And
so with the item of stationery.
Here, then, are five items embraced in the first
clause of the bill; and the explanation for each
of them will be found in the Miscellaneous Docu-
ment to which I have referred, and which is ac-
cessible to members of the House.
The next item embraced in this bill is to pay
the reporters of the House for reporting the de-
bates of the present session in the Congressional
Globe. If you will refer to the proceedings of
the second session of the Thirty-Third Congress,
Congressional Globe, volume 30, page 817, you
will find that appropriations for that purpose were
made at that time by the House. They were con-
tinued during the first and second sessions of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, as can be found by ref-
erence to the Congressional Globe, volume 32,
page 1916, and Congressional Globe, volume 34,
page 801. That item of appropriation is §800 for
each reporter, being $4,000 for the five.
Then come the items of appropriation, in this
bill, about which, I apprehend, will be the sub-
ject of most controversy in this House — a defi-
ciency for the supply of the Army. For that
purpose $1,200,000 is asked for, under the first
clause.
This deficiency has been growing up, as I shall
probably have occasion to show in the event of a
discussion upon the subject, for some considera-
ble period of time anterior to the coming in of the
present Administration. Several quarters, prior
to that tune, were short, in consequence of a de-
ficiency which had occurred in those previous
quarters, in part in consequence of demands
upon the War Department in connection with the
controversy now going on with the Mormons. It
was found absolutely necessary to provide addi-
tional means in order to meet the various items of
expenditure which are embraced in this clause of
the bill. If gentlemen will refer to Miscellaneous
Document No. 22, of tins House, they will find
on the lOih page of that document the reasons
stated for this and the other items of deficiency
in the War Department, amounting to the sum of
$6,700,000.. The Quartermaster General, in the
report to which I have referred, states:
It is asceitained that a deficiency existed at the close
of last ; ear, winch lias been a charge upon the presentyear
of ahout one million of dollais : in addition to winch the ex-
tensive operations against the Clieyemies and other Indian
tribes, and the extensive anangementsfor the operations in
tjiali, hi'.'. : exhausted the appiopnations for the present
year ?o farlhatthore isnota sutiicient balance m the Treas-
uiy to fill iIr- estimates now on my table for December; and
the whole ba'auee in the liands of disbursing offieeis will
not be sufficient lor the service for one half of the present
month. Appropriations will theiefore be requited to carry
the seiviee through the year, and to make the large outfit
for the operations in Utah foi the following objects, namely :
for regular supplies, including fuel, forage, stiaw, and sta-
tionery    $7"i8,000
Mounts and remounts  2o-,000
l Jiieidental expenses  190,00(1
j Bairaeksand quaiter=  80,000
| Aimy transportation  5,400,0011
i Making $0,700,000
■ deficiencies, and for the service in Utah, taking Uic Army
as it is, and limiting the expenditures to operations already
determined on, as they have been communicated to ine.
Should operations be carried on from the Pacific, or should
a larger force be sent from this side, an increase in the ap-
propriation m proportion to the increased force will be re-
quired."
Thegentleman will find,by reference to the bill,
the items which make up this $6,700,000, com-
mence on the second page of the bill, and terminate
on the sixth page. And the items which are em-
braced are predicated on this recommendation of
the War Department, as presented in the report
of the Gluartermaster General and the other offi-
cers in charge of the various branches of the public
service.
I refer gentlemen also to Executive Document
No. 33, and Miscellaneous Document No. 41, for
information upon the subject to which I have just
been referring.
The next item is under the head of miscellane-
ous expenses, on the sixth page^of the bill. It is:
"For contingent expenses of the northeast executive
building, viz : for fuel, light, and repairs, ,$1,000."
By reference to Miscellaneous Document No.
23, the reason for this appropriation will be seen.
General Cass, the Secretary of State, in asking
this sum to supply the deficiency, says:
" I have the honor to stale that, in consequence of the in-
creased price of fuel, and the expense of lighting with gas,
together with the extensive repairs necessarily made, the
annual appropriations for the contingent expenses of the
northeast executive building will be insufficient. These
appropriations, originally $3,350 per annum, were, for the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1844, leduced to $3,300, at
which sum they have continued.
"I therefore have the honor to request that the appro-
priation for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1859. may be
increased to ($4,300 ; and that an appropriation of §1.000
may be made for a deficiency in the appropriation for con-
tingent expenses of the northeast executive building for the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1858."
The next item is:
" For the erection of stables and conservatory at the Pres-
ident's House, to replace those about to be taken down to
make room for the extension of the Treasury building,
$3,003."
It will be recollected that at the last session of
Congress an appropriation of $20,000 was made
fortius purpose. Afterthework was commenced,
and had been in progress, it was ascertained that
the old stables could not be taken down and the
new stables built for the sum of $20,000; and the
Secretary of the Interior, on the report of the Com-
missioner, (Dr. Blake,) sends in an estimate, ask-
ing $3,905 to pay the amount of bills due to two
or three parties. Executive Document No. 42
furnishes full information in regard" to the item.
Now, in regard to this matter, I take occasion
to say, as I have said heretofoie in this House,
that I do not very well see how we can get over
the paying of balances contracted to be paid to
these parties, for work which they have faithfully
executed. But it does seem to me that the officers
of this Government, when money is appropriated
for a specific purpose, if they ascertain that that
purpose cannot be accomplished for the sum ap-
propriated, should not undertake to apply any
portion of it till they come to Congress, report the
sum deficient, and ask the House to provide the
full amount of means necessary for the purpose.
But, in this case, these parties, who are methanics
about the city, have faithfully executed their con-
tract. Those bills are outstandingand due to them,
and it is not their fault that they have been con-
tracted with and that their labor has been per-
formed.
A Member. Who made the contracts with
them ?
Mr. LETCHER. They were contracted with
by the Commissioner of Public Buildings, Dr.
Blake. It is proper they should be paid.
The next item is a pretty large one. It is:
"For surveying the public lands and private land claims in
California, including office expenses mcidcntto the snivey
of claims, and to be disbursed at the rates prescribed by law
for the different kinds of work, being the amount of survey-
ing liabilities incuried by the surveyor general during the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1857, over and above that au-
thorized under the appreciation of 850.000 for tiiat period,
$220,000." v
At the last Congress, I believe, $50,000 was
appropriated for this purpose; but the surveyor
general, then in office, not confining himself to
the amount of money appropriated for the pur-
pose, continued his surveys on a large scale, and
contracted debts with surveying parties and oth-
eis to the extent of $220,000, which is now asked
for to discharge the obligations which he thus
