1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecornpton Constitution—Mr. Foot.
Senate.
and yet we are asked to sanction a constitution based upon
crimes like these." * * * * * * *
" But, force tins constitution upon the people of Kansas
now, against their will, and no mortal vision can penetrate
the dark abyss in winch lay hidden the deep disasters now
menacing Kansas and our country. I cannot take tins dark
leap into such a vortex of crime and uncertainty. If the
people of Kansas submit, nevertheless the damning truth
will still remain that the State will have been forced into
the Union against the will of her people. She would enter
the ynion, not as the peer and equal of her sovereignties,
but she would be driven into the Union, disgraced by the
chains of a usurping minority, and covered all over with
shame and degradation. The very parchment on which her
constitution was written would be stained by crimes and
forgeries. The signet of the people would never have been
affixed to the instrument, but in its place a vile counterfeit
would have been substituted, there to remain forever upon
our and her archives, as a perpetual record of her disgrace
and of our injustice. The thirty-second star of our hereto-
fore glorious constellation would not have arisen above the
horizon in all the brightness of new-born hbei ty, but it would
have come in shorn of its luster, and easting its darkening
shadows over the receding glories of the Republic. The
fatal example never could be erased. We could never
recall the past; we could never retrace our steps; but on-
ward, still onward and downward, our movements would
be toward that destiny which must ever attend outrage,
crimes, and injustice. And why should we encounter these
dreadful hazards ? What is unjust can never be expedient.
Expediency has been the plea of tyrants in every age and
country. It has placed and retained the crown upon the
monarch's brow. It has governed the world by swords and
bayonets. It has covered the world with violence, fraud,
and injustice."
Permit me to read a short extract from a letter
of Governor Wise, a southern slaveholder. He
says:
" I have much to add to my Tammany and Philadelphia
letters; 'but I have not the time and opportunity now to
show that the fraud of the elections in Kansas was nothing
in comparison to the Lecornpton constitution itself. The
question is, shall a pretended constitution winch was not
adopted by that convention—for, on the contrary, it was
submitted for adoption by the people—and which was not
adopted by the people, for they jvere not allowed to vote
against it, be forced, by the intervention of Congress, on a
majority of the people against their sovereign will? Shall
this be done, too, on the Bouibon doctrine of legitimacy?
And, if done, are the people to be driven to the extremity
of the Dorr doctrine of the Rhode Island ease ? It is auto-
cratic, aristocratic, oligarchy, and despotic, thus to con-
strain popular sovereignty by the onus of legitimacy."
In adopting this constitution, then, you aban-
don the ballot-box, the voice of the people, and
proceed to act on a rule known only to tyrants—
that might makes right. Can you succeed, Sen-
ators, in this measure—a measure that seeks the
overthrow of the doctrine of State rights and the
great principles of the Constitution ? I leave that
question for the future to answer.
But I will say this: that, if you pass the Le-
cornpton constitution, and force it on the people
by the Army of the United States, and the citi-
zens of Kansas and the free States tamely sub-
mit, I shall be obliged to confess, with shame and
humiliation, that the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, in his recent speech, was correct
in the assertion that a majority of the people of
the free States are already slaves.
The President says, pass this bill; and the peo-
ple of Kansas have the means in their own hands
to redress their grievances. How? By swearing
to alie in swearing to support the Lecornpton con-
stitution, which guaranties the right of property
in man? No citizen in Kansas who disbelieves
this could take the oath without committing moral
perjury. Let us look at the process. A free-
State man, who believes the New Testament to
inculcate the sentiment that all men are entitled
to liberty, and that it is his duty, so far as he is
able, to remove the heavy burdens from the op-
pressed, is required to take an oath that compels
him to violate the very principles by which he
swears. They must degrade themselves before
they can be free ! Sir, this is the argument of
the libertine—submit, and then be free! This
leads me, Mr. President, to say a word in regard
to great public crimes which this Government has
already committed, and which it now upholds.
Look at the statute-book, and the decision of your
courts, and you will see that we have drawn, by
legislative enactment, a geographical line, and said
to all who desire to engage in the slave trade on
one side of this line: you may do so with impunity.
On the other side of this line, all who dare to engage
in this traffic shall suffer death as pirates ! Has
not the Supreme Court just decreed that all the Ter-
ritories between this and the Pacific shall be open
to kidnapping and robbery, provided the victims
be of a certain race? Now, it should be observed
that, while we are so regardless of th« rights of
humanity in the Territories, we are remarkably
nice in protecting the rights of property. To illus-
trate: a colored man emigrates from Massachu-
setts to Kansas, buys him a piece of land, nettles
on and improves it. Now, we have a law there
laying: " All persons convicted of horse-stealing
shall suffer confinement at hard labor not exceed-
ing seven years." Here, then, if the white man
steals the colored man's horse, he is to be pun-
ished as a felon; but, if he kidnaps the owner,
or his family, it is right and lawful, being guar-
antied by the Constitution ! Could anything be
more absurdly wicked ? Sir, such laws, and such
a system of reasoning, insult the understanding
and shock the moral sense of the world !
Mr. President, I cannot believe Congress will
pass this bill. And even should they pass it, it
cannot be enforced. In my opinion, any attempt
to do so would light up the flames of a civil war
that would carry with it general devastation and
ruin.
And, sir, war with all its attendant evils, would
be far more endurable than loss of honor and self-
respect. But there will be no war, or if there
should, it would be of short duration. No, sir,
there are too many magazines under our feet to
permit that; I am yet hopeful of the future. And
when I hear able and eloquent Senators advocat-
ing the extension of human bondage with such
earnestness and sincerity of manner,! am inclined
to look upon them as I look upon Saul of Tarsus, j
I hope yet to see them like Paul, the Apostle of |i
the Gentiles, lifting from degradation the down- j
trodden of our land.
The path of duty is plain. Let the President
withdraw the troops from Kansas. Let the peo- }
pie make their own constitution, as other States ■
have done. Let the Government cease to wage
war against an innocent and unoffending people,
and return to its duty—the protection of the weak
against the invasion of the strong. Then, and
not till then, shall we maintain justice at home,
respect abroad, and fulfill the hopes of our fathers
in illustrating that great and sublime truth that j
man is capable of self-government.
Sir, truth is mighty, and will prevail. It will
penetrate where bayonets cannot enter. Neither :
the fugitive slave law, Government patronage,
nor the Dred Scott decision, can arrest its prog-
ress. In the language of an eminent statesman,
" It will march on the horizon of the world, and
it will conquer."
Saturday, March 20, 1858.
The Senate, as ill Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (ri. No. 1(51) for the admission of
the State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I oppose the in-
troduction of Kansas into the Union under the
Lecornpton constitution. I oppose the enforce-
ment of that constitution upon the people of Kan-
sas. It is not the expression of their will. It is
not their free act and deed. It is not the work of
their hands. They are not only unwilling to ac-
cept it; they are not only unwilling to come into
the Union under it; but they utter their most sol-
emn protest against the bonds. As an institution
of State government, the Lecornpton constitution
was not formed in obedience to the will of the
people of Kansas, nor in pursuance of their au-
thority, nor yet in pursuance of any legal author-
ity whatever. It is only the product, the consum-
| mation of a long series of acts of usurpation,
violence, and fraud; of artful devices, and unmiti-
1 gated outrage, the like whereof this country had
never before witnessed within its borders. It
was literally " conceived in sin and brought forth
in iniquity." And now Congress is invoked to
legitimate this unnatural bantling, and to force its
: recognition upon a people who disown it; who
spurn it, and turn their backs upon it with indig-
nant scorn and disgust, as the offspring of vio-
lence and dishonor. They have expressed their
' abhorrence and repudiation of it in every possi-
ble, legal, and authoritative form. They have
repudiated it by the popular vote, and by legis-
lative protestation. It is now brought into our
presence here in all its deformity, discredited and
disowned, and with the stampof the popularrep-
i, robation and rejection branded upon its forehead.
This is the Lecornpton constitution. Shall it be
imposed upon an unwilling and protesting peo-
ple? In the name of justice and freedom and self-
government; in the name of the per^cured and
down-trodden and subjugated people of Kansas;
in the name of the sovereign State and equal co-
partner in this Union of ours, in whose behalf I
am authorized to speak in this august oresence,
though it may be with feeble and unheeded voice,
I enter my earnest and perpetual protest against
the consummation of this £reat iniquity.
And now here, Mr. President, before proceed-
ing further, let me say—and I rejoice in being able
to say—that the question before us, the moment-
ous question before us, is not altogether a.party
question; that it is by no means exclusively a sec-
tional question. It is, more properly speaking, a
question of popular rights: a question of the right
of self-government; the right of the people to be
heard m the framing, and to be consulted in the
adoption or ratification, of the fundamental law
under which they are to be initiated into the Union
of States, and under which they are to be gov-
erned. This question rises higher and far above
the mere partisan questions of the day. It ex-
pands and reaches out far beyond any of the mere
local or scctional questions which so unhappily
divide and alienate us from the ties of political
and social brotherhood. In opposition to this
measure of imposing a constitution upon a people
who had*no voice in its framing, and which they
utterly repel and repudiate, I, sir,as a Republican,
join hands with the main forces of the northern
Democracy. I join hands in this opposition with
the leading men—the strong, bold men; yea, sir
with the giants of that party at the North who
have led your mighty hosts in many afield of con-
test; and who, more than once, when succcss or
defeat hung doubtful and trembling in the scale,
, havegrasped yourstandard with theirown strong
hand, and borne away the prize m triumph, and
laid the crown of victory at your feet. Asanorth-
; ern man, I join hands, in opposing this great
1 wrong, with conservative and strong men, with
! honored and trusts men; ay, sir, and with pro-
slavery men, yet honorable and patriotic men, of
, the South. I join hands, in resisting this wrong
againsthuman rights,with your Walkersand your
Stanlons and your Wises of the South; and, I re-
1 joice to add, with your Bells and your Crittendens
too—men whose fidelity to the interests and the
honor and to the institutions of the South, you
' will not be likely to impugn, and whom you will
1 hardly venture to stigmatize as 44 miserable fa-
natics and Abolitionists," as you are sometimes
1 wont to do with flippant tongue—and senseless
and unheeded as flippant—all northern men who
fail to yield a ready and willing obedience to the
, behests of the Belial of slavery.
■' I will further remark, in this connection, that
, it is a great error to assume that parties in Kan-
1 sas are divided upon the basis of the political or
sectional divisions which prevail in the country
at large. The people of Kansas, so far as there
is any political division among them, are divided
' upon the question whether it shall be a free State
or a slaveholdmg State. Hence the only recog-
nized parties there are distinguished and desig-
nated as the free-State and the pro-slavery par-
ties. And the free-State party, which embraces
at least three fourths of the population of the Tor-
ritory, is, by tio means, composed exclusively of
those who sympathize and act with the Repub-
lican party of the country; but it embraces a con-
siderable portion of those who sympathize and
have always been identified with the Democratic
party of the country. Nor is the free-State party
by any means composed exclusively of those who
came from the northern States; but it embra< es a
very considerable number of those w ho came from
the southern States. On the other hand, ihe pro-
slavery party in Kansas is not composed exclu-
sively of those who came there from the sl-tvc-
holding States; but it embraces many, quite too
many, who went there from the free States: 'tnd
among them some who have been prominent a.id
leading actors in the t-ceees of fraud and ^uiratre
which"have so Ions been perpetrated wnh impu-
nity upon the free-State people of that I-.if"* nr
Mr. Calhoun, late piesident of the Le ■!<
convention,and " vice legem " ol -Ik '*to 1
. party in Kansas, who had the manipulation ot
