1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
it, and prefer running into Maurice river cove, where there
are fiequently collected over one hundred and fifty sail at
a mill", which are detained for weeks by head winds.
" The mouth of the Delaware is filled with dangerous
shoals; and to cross the bay to go under Cape Henlopen
when the weather is thick or when the wind is heavy, is
always attended with great danger. It is dead to leeward,
and vessels to reach it from this side must go before the
gale and wildly enter with no land to protect her while
going,and none to shelter her when entered. Theentrance
to tins haibor, of 9«urse, must be small, and you will read-
iiy perceive the danger of going into such a place among
piles of aone before such gales as wo often have. 'Iho
sailor looks at all these things, and prefers to take his chance
in the open sea. It is a harbor of deception, at leatt for
small vessels. It is all open to the howling winds of our
wild Atlantic. In the northeast gales the small vessels are
driven ashore, broken up and sunk by the larger ones drag-
ging into them ; and it matters not whethei the little one
goes into the big one or the big one into the little one, it is
the little fellow must always suffer."
Sir, I am fully convinced that by carrying out
the view expressed in these extracts in relation to
the harbor under Cape May, and by increasing
the life-saving apparatus upon the coast in accord-
ance with the resolutions of the Legislature of
New Jersey, most of the vessels and lives annu-
ally lost upon our shores might be saved. The
station-houses have already admirable apparatus
■which answer every purpose when a wreck lies
near the shore; give to them new boats, boat-
crews, and the telegraph,and we shall rarely again
hear of such fearful losses of life as have hereto-
fore been so often witnessed. Rut more than all
construct the harbor at the cape, and henceforth,
for your coasting vessels at least, the apparatus
■will seldom be called into service. These always
will find sure refuge beneathits walls, while, with-
out, the seas may run mountain high and threaten,
each moment, to engulf the storm-tossed vessel,
" Within, the waves in softer murmurs glide,
And ships secure without their halsers ude."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move now that the
committee rise, with a view to offer a resolution
terminating debate. Before that motion is put, Mr.
Chairman, I give notice to the committee—as I
believe it to lie the sense of the House to transact
business—that if the debate be closed, I will my-
self, at five o'clock each day, if we are in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
move to take a recess till seven o'clock, with the
understanding that after seven o'clock nothing in
the way of business shall be done. With that un-
derstanding I move that the committee do 110 w rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Smith, of Tennessee, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
Stale of the Union had had tinder consideiation
House bill No. 200, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. J. GLANCY JOJN'filS. I move that all
debate on House bill No. 300 shall terminate in
five minutes after its consideration shall have been
resumed in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I ask
the Chair whethrijthe Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union has a right to take a recess ?
The SPEAKER. Tiie Chair understands that
the chairman of the committee will so decide.
The question was taken 011 Mr. J. Glancy
Jones's resolution; and it was adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsidcr
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended; and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House lesolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Upion, (Mr. Smith, of
Tennessee, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 200, making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1S59;the
pending question being the amendment offered by
Mr. Smith, of Virginia, to strike out the word
"two,"and insert the word "one," in line twelve,
so as to make the clause read;
"For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf
coast of the United States, (uicludmg cm"P™faU<>n, to su-
penntendentand assistants, and excluding pay and cmolu
ments of officers of the Army and Navy and petty officers,
and men of the Navy employed 011 the work,) $150,000."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have had the ben-
efit of the remarks submitted by the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and will therefore respond to them. His argu-
ment is that if my amendment prevails it-puts a
stop to this system of expenditure connected with
the Coast Survey. In the course of his remarks
he said that it would stop the work not only on
the'Atlantic, but on the Pacific coast. Well, I am
not sure but that, under the present circumstances,
that would be desirable. The system is now m
operation, and he says that all that he asks foi its ,
continuance in full blastis $250,000. To be sure,
we are informed that there has been a vei y serious
reduction of #30,000. Well, I am satisfied that
the system can be continued and progress with the
appropriation that I suggest, though it may not
progress so rapidly as with the full appropriation.
Tne honorable gentleman will bear in mind that
this item has no reference at all to appropriations
for the Pacific coast. This item is " for contin-
uing the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coast.
It has 110 reference whatever to the expenditure
now going on 011 the Pacific coast, for^you will
observe, sir, that anther division of this section
is " for continuing ^ffie survey of the western coast
of the United States, $130,0"00."
Now, it has been my teaching, from early life,
whenever, from any cause, the usual supplies are
withdrawn m private life, to cut short my im-
provements. If I were building a splendid house,
such as this, I would put it in such a condition as
that it would not suffer from dilapidation, and not
attempt to go on and furnish it in the gorgeous
style which is the taste as well as the fashion of
the day. I am to reduce my outlay. It is not
indispensable to have this coast survev finished
immediately. Some delay m its completion will
not work any great detriment to the public ser-
vice. The reduction which has been already sub-
mitted to is but $30,000 out of $280,000. I insist
upon it that this amendment ought to be adopted;
and I shall follow it up with a corresponding re-
duction in regard to other items in this bill. ^ In-
stead of cutting down this single appropriation a
trifle, I want to make a material impression on the
whole bill, and to save the Treasury as much as
possible. It was expected-, when the Secretary
of the Treasury was authorized to issue Treasury
notes and make a loan, that the Government could
make a loan at three and a half per cent, interest;
but now we see advertisements that interest is not
to exceed six per cent.; and some bids have been
made at five per cent., and some as high even as
six per cent. Certainly, sir, it would be idle for
me to talk to a body of practical men unless I
could hope at least that they would take warning
from this thing. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD. I hope, sir, that the amend-
ment will not prevail, for I happen to know that
the soundest principles of economy require that
an appropriation should be made of a sum at least
as arge as that which it is proposed to reduce.
Whatever may be the merits of this Coast Survey,
as an original proposition, it is in process of pros-
ecution. The bureau is supplied with vessels and
the various implements for carrying on the work.
They have made progress in it, and are now en-
gaged in drawing a line across Florida to connect
the triangulation on the Atlantic coast with that
on the Gulf of Mexico, which is going; to save a
good deal of expense which would be incurred if
they had to go round the cape, and will, perhaps,
secure additional accuracy in the work. The men
are there; they have their vessels and implements
there, and, much as it is desirable to save money—
and no man would go farther than I would to save
money in a legitimate way—I assert, withoutfear
of successful contradiction, that, if this work is
to be completed, the Government had better bor-
row money and pay twenty per cent, for it than
to reduce the appropriation to $150,000, because
the vessels would lie idle, the. men would oc
thrown out of employment, and you could do
nothing to advantage. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
the following clause by reducing the appropria-
tion £30,000:
<< For coutmumir the survey of the western const of the
United States, $130,000."
1 suppose there are no Florida peninsulas to pass
through there.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LEITER. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
" For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs and .keys,
(excluding pay and emoluments of officers of the Arjnyand
Navy and putty officers, and men of the Navy employed on
tlie woik,) ^0,000."
vThe amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The argument of
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Howard} was
mainly predicated upon the necessity of contin-
uing the work 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Does the gentle-
man from Virginia propose an amendment?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I moye to strike
out the following clause of the bill:
" For running a line to connect the triangulation on the
Atlantic coa-^t with that on the Gulf of Mexico, across the
Florida peninsula, $111,000."
I move to strike it out, because the argument of
the gentleman from Michigan is, that the $250,000
was necessary to con tinue this triangulation across
the peninsula of Florida; and frere is a separata
appropriation for that very purpose. _
Mr. HOWARD. The gentleman is mistaken.
I said that the appropriation was necessary to
carry on the work and to employ the materials
in hand; and then, as an illustration of the various
operations, I said that they were throwing this
line across Florida as a basis of operations—not
that it was to be paid for out of the §250,000.
What I meant to say was, that these appropria-
tions for the Coast Survey have been reduced by
the Committee of Ways and Means to the lowest
possible amount that economy would authorize,
and any reduction would be adverse to sound
economy. . ,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to amend by striking
out " $7,034 05," and inserting "$3,034 05," in
the following item of the hill:
" For fuel ami quaiters for officers of the Army serving
on light-house duty, the payment of which is no loliger pro-
vided for by the quartermaster's department, $7,0^4
Now, Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendmentfor
the purpose of calling the attention of the House
to the kind of items for which we are called apoa
to vote in this bill. I read from the estimates pre-
sented by the Secretary of the Treasury, and laid
before Congress at the commencement of the pres-
ent session of Congress:
Explanation of estimate'! of sums require! for fuel and quar-
tersfor officers of the Jinny serving on light-house duty, <?c.:
" For six captains serving on the Atlantic coast, ®^M8148.
" For two captains serving on the northern lakes, §8o4 42.
"For four lieutenants serving on the Atlantic and Gull
coast, $1,653 69. m ... „
" For one major serving on tlve Pacific coast, $l,yyo.
I read this merely for the purpose of calling the
attention of the committee to the fact that it ap-
pears from this statement that the allowance ixiade
in this bill for fuel and quarters for one major, is
$1,895. Now, sir, the appropriation may be ne-
cessary under existing law. I have confidence in
the Committee of Ways and Means, and in the
statement of the chairman of that committee made
this morning, that they have reduced their esti-
mates as low as they can possibly do under exist-
in"' law; but, sir, while I hold a seat upon this
floor, I will never cease to call the attention of the
House to such expenditures of the public money.
It is an outrage upon the people of this country,
when an officer of the Army receives a liberal sal-
ary, a salary admitted on all hands to be liberal,
that he should receive under the pretense of fuel
and quarters an additional salary of nearly two
thousand dollars per annum.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Does the gen le-
man from North Carolina propose to abolisn tne
Liffht-House Board ?  ,,
Mr.BRA.NCEi. I propose to strike out seven
and insert4< three." ,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I suppose the gen-
tleman understands that the effect of the adoption
of that amendment would be to abolish the Light
^Mr*5BRANCH. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or any other gentle-
man, can satisfy me that competent persons can-
not be employed to discharge these duties without
the payment of such exorbitant compensation as
is provided for in this bill, it will be tune for me,
