1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOT
Tlie pending question being on the motion of
Mr. Barxsdale to lay the resolution on the table,
Mr. BOCOCK called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 94, nays 96; as follows:
VK AS — Messrs. AM, Anderson, Atkins, Barksdale,
Bishop, Bocoek, Bowie, Bovce, Brunch, Biyan, Burnett,
Caskie, Chapman, Clay. Clemens, Olmgraan, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Cox, Burton Ciaige, Crawfoid, Cuiry, Davidson,
Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dunmick, Dowdeil, Edinund-
son, English, Faulkner, Flmenee, Foloy, Ourneft. Gilhs,
Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood, Tliomas L. Harris, Hastan,
Hatch. Hawkins, Hopkins, liorton, Houston, Hujler, Jack-
son, Jcwett, Geoijre W. Jone3. J. Clancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kent, Kelly, Lamar, Letcher. McQueen, Samuel
S. Marshall, Ma?<on, Miles, Miller, Millson, Montgomery,
Mooie, Isaac N. Morns, Niblack, Peyton,'Powell. Pum-
ance, Quitman, Bead), Reagan, Iteiily, Ruffin, Russell,
Savage, Scales, Auion Shaw, Henry M. Shaw. Shoiter,
Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Stallworth,
{Stephens, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Under-
wood, Ward, Wairen, Whiteley, Wxnslow, Woodson,
Wortendyke, John V. Wright, and Zoliicoffer—94.
NAys—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Avery, Banks, Bennett,
BillmgUuist, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton,Buffintou. Bur-
lingamt4, Burns, Burioughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comms, Co-
vodc, Cragin, James Ciaig, Curtis, Davis ot Maiyland,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Durfee, Fenton, Foster, Giddings, Oil-
man, Goodwin, Granger, Grogs. Grow, Lawience XV.
Hall, Robert B. Hall, Hailan, J. Morrison Harris, Howard,
Hughes, Kellojrsr, Kelsey. Knapp, John C. Kufckel, Letter,
Lovejoy; McKibbiu, Humphrey Marshall, Maynard, ?Jor-
gan, Morrill, Edward.Joy Morris, Fireman H. Morse, Oli-
ver A. Moise, Mott, Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pcttit,
Phelps, Pike, Porter, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts,
Royce, Sandidsre, Scott. Sewaid, John Sherman, Judson
W. Sherman, Seanton, William Stewart, Tliayer, Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Wade, Walhndge. Waldron, Walton, Cud-
vvalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Wa^hburne. lsiael Wash-
bum, Watkuis, Wilson, and Augustus R. Wright—96.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Fending the vote—
Mi'. FLORENCE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Phillips, was still detained from the House
by sickness.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. COBB. I desire to appeal to my colleague
on the Committee on Public Lands to withdraw
the call for the previous question, in order that I
may offer ail amendment.
Mr. BENNETT. The gentleman appeals to
me to withdraw the call for the previous question,
his object being, as I understand, to amend the
resolution so as to have the subject referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. Now, I have
no objection to witlidiuw 
Mr. BRANCH. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from New York,
as I understand it, withdraws lus demand for
the previous question.
Mr. BENNETT. My friends around me say
Iliad better not withdraw the demand. It will
involve the necessity of taking two votes instead
of one.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 47, noes 113.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to lay the res-
olution on the table. 1 voted with the majority,
and have therefore the right to make the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that motion in
order?
Tire SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order.
Mr. MILLSON. I would suggest that the mo-
tion is not in order, fur this reason: It is compe-
tent for the gentleman from Indiana again to move
to lay the resolution on the table; and to recon-
sider a vote already taken on the motion would
involve the necessity of two votes of the House
instead of one
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hold that a
second motion to lay on the table while the resolu-
tion was in the same legislative condition, could
not. be entertained.
Mr. MILLSON. A vote on the motion to ad-
journ has intervened. . .
The SPEAKER. But the legislative condition
of tlie resolution remains the same.
Mr. STANTON. Can a motion to reconsider
be entertained while a demand for the previous
question is pending? ,
The SBEAKER. The motion to reconsider
may be entertained and put while the previous
question is pending, but of course it is not debat-
able. Indeed, a motion to reconsider a motion to
lav on the table would not at any time be debat-
able.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry of the Chair. If the House refuses to
second the demand for the previous question, will
not the resolution then be open to amendment and
debate; and if any gentleman proposes to debate
it, will it not then go over indefinitely?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is debate in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair has
heard the inquiry of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, with a view of answering it in good faith.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand the Chair to entertain the motion to recon-
sider ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does entertain
the motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move to lay the motion to rpconsider on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Does not
the motion to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table carry the resolution with it?
The SPEAKER.. It does not, in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 95, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Banks,
Bennett. Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bli.^s,Biayton, Buf-
finton, Bifrhmiame, Burns, Biuroughs, Campbell, Case,
Chaffee, Bzia Claik, Clawson, (JUuk B. Cochrane, Colfax,
Comms, Covode, Crainn, Curtis, Damiell, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Indiana. Davis of Ma^sachu-Ptts, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd,Duitee,EustiSjFentoiijFVMei,
Giddmys, Oilman, Goodwin, Granger. Grow, Robcit fi-
nal). Harlan. J. Moirison Elarris, Iloaid, Hoiton, Howard,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Leiter,
Loveioy, MeKibbm, Huuiphiev Marshall, Maynard, -Yior-
Scott, Seward, John Sherman. JiuUon W Sherman, Sam-
uel A. Smith. Stanton. William Stewart, Tappan, Tiiavcr,
Thoinp.-on, Tompkins. Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Cadwalader C. Washbuiue, Elhhu B. Waallburne,
Israel Wash bur;), am] Wilson—95
NAYS—Messrs. Alii, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bishop, Bocock, Bovce, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Caskie,
Chapman. John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Chngman, Cobb,
John Coehiane, Coekenll, Cox, James Craig, Burton
CiSige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi,
Dewart, Dmimiek, Dowdeil, Ediuundson, Elliott, English,
Faulivner, Florence,Foley, Gilhs, Gilmer, Goode, Green-
wood, Grru/j. Gioesbeek. Lawrence W. Hall, Thomas L.
Harris, Ha,kin, Hatch. Hawkins, Jlill, Hopkins, Hughes,
lluylu, Jackson, Jevvett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones. Kent, Kelly, Lamar, Letcher, Mc-
Queen. Samuel S Marshall, Mason, Miles, Miller, Millson,
Montgomery, Mooie, Isaac N Moms, Ulhlaek, Pendle-
ton, Pe\ton, Phelps, Purvianee, Ciuitman,Ready, Reagan,
Iteilly, Baffin, Russell, Sandidge. Savaae, Scales, Aaron
Sliaw, Heniy M. Shaw, Shoitei, Singleton, Robcit Smith,
Siallwoith, Stephens, Stevenson. Jame> A. Stewart, Tal-
bot. Georee Tavlni, Miles Taylor, [Jndcrwood. Ward,
Wan en. White," Whiteley. Wmslow, Woodson, Worten-
dyke, Augustus R. Wngli't, John V. Wright, and Zolh-
colfei—J
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to appeal to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Bennett]
to withdraw the demand for the previous question,
and allow me to offer a substitute for his resolu-
tion, which, I think, will be satisfactory to the
House.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is the
motion to reconsider the vote lcfusmg to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is it not in order,
at this stage of proceedings, for tlie gentleman
from New York to withdraw his demand for the
previous question, and allow me to offer a sub-
stitute ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The motion to
lay on the table would intervene and prevent the
gentleman from offering his substitute.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the motion to lav on the table.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Tlie motion was agreed to—ayes, 102, nays 86.
So the lules were suspended, and tlie House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on:
the state of the Union, (Mr. Phelps in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of
THE TREASURY NOTE BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When flu-committee1 was
last in session it had before it for consideration
House bill No. 4, to authorize the issue of Treas-
ury notes. The bill has been read through,- and-
is now open for amendment and discussion. <
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman, Ido
not intend to detain the committee at any length.
This bill proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue notes to the amount of
$20,000,000 - ' ■ '
Mr. BARKSDALE. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania design to press the bill to a vote
to-day ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, I shall be glad
if the House will take a vote on the bill to-day.
I will occupy only a few moments, for -the bill
requires only a word or two of explanation. It
is similar in its provisions to bills which were
passed by Congress at different periods of time,-
beginning with the year 1833. It is similar to the
bill of 1847, with perhaps two exceptions. Tha*
bill provided for the funding of the Treasury notes.
This bill omits that provision; so that the Treas-
ury notes issued under this bill eannot at any time
be funded. They are made payable in one year.
It is proposed by this bill, that $6,000,09(1 oft
these notes may be issued immediately by-the
Secretary of the Treasury at a rate of interest to-'
be fixed by himself, limiting him not to exceed,
however,six per cent, per annum. The balance-
of the $30,000,000 is to be advertised for bids,-
and is to be given to the bidders of the lowest
rate of interest, the maximum here being also
fixed at six per centum. These are the only fea-
tures of this bill that contradistinguish it from the-
acts of 1833,1837,1847,and others, which I do not
just now recollect. These, then, being its only
peculiarities, I am not required to make any-
lengthy explanation. The act of 1837, if my
memory serves me, was passed when the Whig
party was in power, and the act of 1847 when the
Democratic party was in power. I alluded to
this merely to show the committee that this bill
is a mere transcript of the bills passed by these
parties when they were in power, and resorted
to this mode of raising a loan.
The Secretary of the Treasury has addressed
a letter to the Committee of Ways and Means,
which will explain the bill, perhaps, Muah better
than I could, and in fewer words.
It has been said that it is strange this issue of
Treasury notes should be asked when the fepart
of the Secretary of the Treasury shows an esti-
mate of a balance of half a million in the Treas-
ury at the expiration of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1S58; but it must be remembered
that the estimates of that report are made oil the
ground that the receipts, from customs, will bo
the same as in ordinary years. Nothing has oc-
curred to change the estimate referred to, unless
it bo the diminished consumption of the country.
One fact is apparent, that there is now $98,000,000
of goods in the bonded warehouses; and if those
goods be brought into market, they will pay into
the Treasury some six million dollars. But the
anticipation now is, that these goods may remain
in the Government's bonded warehouses for some
years. The necessity for this measure does not
arise so much from an empty Treasury, for
there is in its vaults an available balance of
$6,000,000; but we are in such condition that there
is no telling at what day the Treasury may be
exhausted by some sudden change, some contin-
gency or other, like a cutting off of imports, or
bonding those which do arrive in the country:,.
The Secretary of the Treasuiy must not be un-
derstood as saying that the Treasury isexhausted,
and that this money is wanted for the ordinary
expenditures of the Government; but as wishing
that $20,000,000 of Treasury notes, a|.the lo,fest
rate of interest, may be placed at his disposal, to
be used when circumstances may require them.
The bill, as reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means, omits a portion of the fourth
section; and as I consider that portion important
to make this bill efficient and available when it
becomes a law, I shall ask for its restoration. A
portion of a clause in the fourth section of the
Senate bill has been stricken out by the Commit-
