1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. MAYNARD. What is the date of that
receipt?
Mr. LETCHER. The 31st of March, 1857.
Mr. MASON. Ail these men made ouftheir
accounts and sent them to the chief clerk, accom-
panied with their receipts. That is the usual way
in which the thing is done. They do not get the
'money then. The Clerk waits until they pass the
Committee of Accounts. He did not pay these
until that committee acted on them; and he very
properly waited for the action of that committee.
They have never been indorsed, and they remain
in that committee yet. It is considered that the
amounts asked for are not legally due to these
men. It is only a pretext that the Clerk has paid
■ them, and will lose the amount paid if this appro-
priation be not granted.
• Mr. LETCHER. These accounts I have re-
ferred to are certified to by the Committee of
Accounts, and they have been paid and receipted
for, if there is any faith to be placed in the public
documents. Here is " B. B. Thurston, chairman
of the Committee of Accounts," attached to each
of them, showing that they were allowed by that
committee. They were paid by the Clerk after
that allowance, and they are now suspended m the
Department because the Secretary of the Treasury
came to the conclusion that the resolutions under
■which they were paid were in violation of a pre-
vious act then upon the statute-book. They
were paid under a resolution of the House, passed
when the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. .Tokes]
and myself were here; and beside that, we came
into the last Congress, and neither the gentleman
nor anybody else raised a questionabout it to stop
the payment at that time or to prohibit the Clerk
from getting credit for the amount. Why is it
that the thing is now stirred up ? It has been
going on ever since I have been here. I have
voted against it uniformly. The money has been
appropriated, and it has been applied. Why did
not these gentlemen raise the question then ? Why
is it raised now when the Secretary of the Treas-
ury brings it up here for the purpose of enabling
him to adjust the accounts of one of the parties
who has accounts outstanding in his Department?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make an
inquiry. I understand the gentleman to say that
these accounts and receipts have been allowed
and are indorsed by the Committee of Accounts
I wisli to ask him this question: was there any
House of Representatives in existence, or any
Committee of Accounts in session in this Capitol,
on the 31st of March, 1857 ?
Mr. LETCHER. There is one allowed on the
7th of March.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was there a House
then ?
Mr. LETCHER. There was not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was there' a Com-
mittee of Accounts?
Mr. LETCHER, There was not. Now,asone
good turn dcsei ves another, let me ascertain from
the gentleman from Tennessee whether ho has
ever known, in any previous Congress, of allow-
ances being made by the Committee of Accounts
after the close ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know of
any.
Mr. LETCHER. If they were not made after
the close of the Congress, when were they made '
Here were the resolutions passed on the last night
of the session, when the very last sands of an ex-
piring Congress were running out, authorizing
these payments to be made; and if they were not
to be allowed then, when were they to be allowed ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am not asking
when they were to be allowed. I asked the gen-
tleman if there was any Committee of Accounts
in session at that time ?
Mr. LETCHER. I tell him there was not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then who allowed
Hf'ffmv\1?
Mr. LETCHER. They were allowed by the
chairman of the Committee of Accounts, as you
can see upon reference to the books 
Mr. HOUSTON. But he was not a member
of Congress at that time.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir, who was not a
member of Congress at that time.
Mr. RUFFIN. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that the Clerk actually paid them?
Mr. LETCHER. I do say he has pam two
whom 1 have inquired of, and I understand that
he has paid all the others. It so appears in this
book.
Mr. RUFFIN. Can thegentleman show it?
Mr. LETCHER. Here are the receipts, and
the Secretary of the Treasury avers that the re-
ceipts are filed in the Treasury Department.
Mr. MASON. They are either paid, or not
paid—one or the other.
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. And thegentleman is cither mis-
taken, or not mistaken.
Mr. LETCHER. .Certainly, that is so.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman makes his ar-
gument upon the ground that the Clerk will suffer
loss unless an appropriation is made to pay them.
If the Clerk will not lose, will the gentleman back
down from his appropriation ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; I say so, distinctly
and unequivocally. I have no secret here or else-
where about such matters. If the receipts have
been sent to the Treasury Department, and no
money has been paid by the Clerk in discharge
of them, I say frankly that I will not stand up
and ask a single dollar to j ay them. And nosv I
ask the gentleman from Kentucky whether it ic
the fact that they have not been paid?
Mr. MASON. The fact is, that the Clerk will
not lose a single dollar, if you do not make an
appropriation.
Mr. LETCHER. Where is the evidence of
that ? I have none. The gentleman says he en-
tertains opinions winch would do to bet upon;
but still such opinions may be very erroneous
opinions, notwithstanding. Now, I would like
to know where is the evidence of the fact that
those icceipts have been taken improperly, and
that they have been sent there without any pay-
ment having been made?
Mr. M AiSON. Do not understand me to say
that the Clerk has acted improperly.
Mr. LETCHER. If they have been sent to
the Treasury Department and filed as vouchers
for so much money actually paid, is there nothing
improper in if—nothing improper in their remain-
ing there twelve months m that condition? It
strike.-! mo thete is n very decided impiopriety,
mid that.it is calculated to make a very unfair
iiiipffKi'in upon the mind of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in regard to the obligation upon the
part of the Govei nment, to indemnify that officer
for money disburs( d. Well, I want the facts, and
the evidence of the facts.
Mr. MASON. I say it is so.
Mr. LETCHER. You say it is so; but the
Secretary of the Treasury says otherwise in his
report. Show to me in any satisfactory manner
that none of this money has been paid by the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, and I will
not vote to give him a single dollar of it. It is
upon ihe presumption of the action of t his House
m directing the Clerk to make the payment, and
upon the presumption raised by these receipts
presented to the Secretary of the Treasury, that
I am for allowing to the Clerk the amount which
will enable him to square up his accounts. That
is my only reason. I am as much opposed, as
everybody knows, to extra expenditures and to
extra compensation as is the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, or as any member of this House. I have
voted against all of them; and I imagine that the
gentleman cannot, in the six years I have been a
member of this House, refer to a solitary vote
which I have given in this Congress, or any pre-
ceding Congress, in which I have undertaken to
apply any portion of the public money, in the way
of extra compensation, to the employes about the
House. I do not want to do it now. I disap-
proved of these resolutions then, as I do now. I
voted then as I shall vote hereafter, in the event
of such a proposition being presented. And I say
now, if the gentleman will furnish the evidence to
show that this money has not been paid, and that
the Clerk i«j not liable for a dollar of it, I am ready
to go with him, and strike this section from the
bill. I am not going to stickle upon words. 1
want the evidence to show that the money has
not been paid. If the gentleman from Alabama,
or the gentleman from Tennessee, or any other
gentleman, will furnish mo with evidence to show
that what appeals upon the factor this paper,
declaung that the Clerk has paid the money, i-s
not true, I will vote to strike out this provision
of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I say to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that his side has the affirm-
ative, and he has the men in the Capitol who gave
those receipts. There are two of them in the
Clerk's desk now.  Put them under oath to say
whether they have been paid the money or not.
Mr. LETCHER. One of them says he has.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MONTGOMERY obtained the floor.
Mr. REAGAN. I have been trying to get the
floor for some time. I understand that there ia
some sort of a system by which gentlemen are
allowed to get the floor. I have been promised
it from time to time, but have not succeeded in
getting it; and I desire to say that I do not wish
to be postponed simply because I am a new mem-
ber, or because I may not be able to say much to
interest the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Texas
is out of order. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia is entitled to the floor. The Chair will state
that he has promised nobody the floor. It is true
there are certain rules observed by all Chairmen—
one to alternate between the different sides of the
House. But if any gentleman takes the floor
decidedly before anybody else, no matter who he
may be, the Chair will recognize him. Where
two ormore gentlemen rise about the same time,
the present occupant of^the Chair will consult
various considerations m assigning the flooj,
which he thinks are based upon just and proper
principles.
Mr. REAGAN. I- have no objection to the
exercise of a sound discretion, but I solemnly
protest against the exercise of-a power which ex-
chides me from the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. As to any promises that
may have been made to thegentleman from Texas
heretofore, the present occupant of the chair
knows nothing about them. Unless the gentle-
man rises to a question of order, the Chair rules
him to be out of order. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. REAG \ N. I do not rise to a question of
order. I only rise to insist that I shall not be
postponed for the benefit of other gentlemen. I
was upon the floor as soon as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. By what right does the
genileman ask the floor jf he was upon it only as
soon as the gentleman from Pennsylvania? The
Chair did not hear him until after he had recog-
nized the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. REAGAN. I must submittothedecision
of the Chair, but I do it with a sense of injustice.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was upon the floor
as soon as either of the gentlemen, and I would
propose a eompiomise—that both gentlemen re-
tire, and that the floor be awarded to me. [Laugh-
ter.]
Air REAGAN. If the floor is a matter of priv-
ilege, I would like now publicly to enter my name
upon the privileged list, for I do desire to speak,
and think I ought to have the floor.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Chairman, I rise
to defend the right of the white man to govern
himself. We have frequently, in the past, dis-
cussed the question of the right to hold the negro
in slavery, but never before has the right of the
white man to self-government been disputed. Our
forefathers, who framed the Constitution of the
United States, made concessions to, and compro-
mises with* the institution of negro slavery as it
then existed, and those concessions and compro-
mises the Democracy of the North are willing to
abide by and carry out. The terms of partner-
ship arranged by the Federal compact must be
faithfully fulfilled bythe several copartners. But
when any portion of our people demand of us to
take fiom the white man the right of self-govern-
ment, and to substitute the act of a convention
for the will of the people, we, as Democrats, in-
dignantly refuse obedience. No such concession
is in the bond of Union.
Conceal it under the most specious pretexts; dis-
guise it by legal quirks and technical quibbles; yet
you never can deceive the people into the belief
that you arc not attempting to impose a govern-
ment on the white men of Kansas against which
they have protested, and still protest, m every
form in which they can legally speak. When we
consul', i he Lecompton constitution itself, we learn
that it has never been submitted to the people for
their approval or disapproval. We turn from the
constitution to the legal authorities of the Terri-
