2216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
then, to consider whether we shall abolish the
system, or whether we shall introduce some re-
form. At any rate, if we are to continue this sys-
tem, and cannot obtain the services of competent
officers at a less rate, I, for one, will vote to put
their regular salaries at five or ten thousand dol-
lars, or whatever salary it is necessary to give
them, directly, and not cover up $2,000 salary
under pretense of fuel and quarters.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I only wish to
state, in reply to the gentleman from North Car-
olina, that these salaries, including fuel and quar-
ters, are already provided by law, and you can
no more alter their salaries in an appropriation
bill, than you can alter the salaries of members of
Congress.
Mr. BRANCH. This, as I understand it, is
no part of the regular salary of officers of the
Army. Heisentitled to fuel and quartet's, by law;
and the usual custom is for the Department to
allow him such sum as may be reasonable, for
fuel and quarters.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The law provides
for fuel and quarters.
Mr. PHELPS. A brief explanation only need
be made in reference to this matter. Every offi-
cer of the Army is entitled to fuel and quarters
when public quarters are not assigned to him,
and he is assigned to the performance of public
duty in other locations. The act establishing a
Light-House Board directs that certain officers of
the Army and Navy shall be detailed to perform
the duties of that board, which has charge of the
various light-houses on the Atlantic, Pacific, and
Gulf coasts. The board is composed of officers of
the Army and Navy, acting in conjunction with
the Secretary of the Treasury. This Light-House
Board supersedes the old light-house system,
which was under the control of the First Comp-
troller. I recollect well the member from Mary-
land, (Mr. Evans,) not now a member of Con-
gress, brought forward from the CommiLtee on
Commerce an act upon which the present light-
house system is founded. Jle proposed to estab-
lish a Light-House Board,to be selected from the
Army and the Navy. They manage everything
connected with light-houses; they recommend
wh'ere they shall be erected, what kind of light
shall be used; and they superintend the repairs to
be made. I understand that, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury, they appoint keep-
ers of the light-houses, and also officers whose
duty it is to proceed and examine the condition
of the light-houses on the different coasts.
Now, sir, the officers of the Army and Navy
who are detailed to servo upon the Light-House
Board, are entitled to commutation for fuel and
quarters, when they are notemployed in barracks,
unless the Government furnish quarters at the
public expense, the officers of the Army are en-
titled to commutation for their quarters. The
amount of the commutation is fixed by the regu-
lations of the Army, and these officers who are
detailed to serve on the Light-House Board are
entitled to the same compensation that officers of
the Army of the same grade would be entitled to
in the regular service.
The system has grown up and these appro-
priations have been made for a series of years.
Every argument of the gentleman from North
Carolina sttlkes at the law which is upon your
statute-book. It is probable that he and myself
would agree as to the modifications which it would
be proper to make of the law. I believe that offi-
cers of the Army and Navy ought not to be de-
tailed for service on this board. I think it is a
duty which ought to be performed by civilians.
But it was not the province of the Committee of
Ways and Means to bring forward modifications
of the existing laws in an appropriation bill. If
they had brought forward such a provision it
would have been said that they had exceeded
their jurisdiction, that they had assumed a duty
which properly belonged to the committee, of
which my friend from New York, [Mr. John
Cochrane] is chairman. Such a proposition
should come from the Committee on Commerce
and not from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think that the question
which has been raised by my friend from North
Carolina [Mr. Branch] is a proper ono, though
upon the arbitrary question as to the amount of
reduction which should be made, I think he has
moved an amendment which ought not to be adopt-
ed; thatis to say,to strike out " seven"and insert
" three," which would be a reduction of $4,000.
I think that is entirely too great a reduction upon
this particular item. I therefore move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from North Car-
olina, by striking out "three" and inserting
" five." That will allow to these officers, for fuel
and quarters, $5,034, which, I apprehend, will be
entirely sufficient to cover their expenses, either
upon the Pacific or Atlantic coast. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have introduced the
item precisely as it was recommended to them by
the quartermaster's department. The item, to
which the gentleman from North Carolina re-
ferred, allows one major the sum of nearly two
thousand dollars for fuel and quarters; an amount
which that gentleman and myself deem entirely
too great to allow an officer of the Army, of the
rank of major. I see no reason why he should
be entitled to that, and the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has certainly given
no reason to this committee why it should be al-
lowed. My friend from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
has given no reason  /
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman, I will re/d a section of the
act of J852:
" Ami he it further enacted, That it shall be thfi duty of
the Light-House Hoard, immediately after being organized,
to arrange the Atlantic, Gnlf, Pacific, and Lake coast* of
the United States into light-house districts, not exceeding
twelve in number. And the President is hereby authorized
and required to direct that an officer of the Army or Navy
shall be assigned to each distnct, as hght-hou&e inspector,
subject to and under the order of the Light-House Hoard ;
who shall receive for such services the same pay and emol-
uments that he would be entitled to by law tor the per-
formance of duty in the regular hne of his profession, and
no other," &c.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not question that the
officer is entitled to pay according to his rank;
but it is, that the item which is provided for by
this portion of the bill is not covered by the law
which the gentleman has read. The gentleman
says the officer is entitled to pay according to
rank. That I did not dispute. The question I
raised was in regard to the allowances made to
the officers for fuel and quarters, which is here
$1,895. That, of course, is not regulated by law,
and we think it is entirely too much. There is
no propriety in it, and there is no law for it. I
called upon the gentleman to give me the law
authorizing it; and he tells me the Light-House
Board regulates this matter.
Mr. PHELPS. I only referred to the regula-
tions of the Army which prescribe the number of
rooms and the amount of fuel which shall be al-
lowed to officers of different grades.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Read it.
Mr. PHELPS. It is a long paper and I cannot
read it. This is the particular Army regulation
to which I refer.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri whether any officer of the Army with
the rank of major, anywhere upon the Pacific or
Atlantic coast, or within the United States, re-
ceives for fuel and quarters $1,895?
Mr. PHELPS. Ho receives no more than
these quarters will cost him, and no more for fuel
than what will be sufficient for him at the place
where he is stationed. The amount allowed de-
pends upon two things—the grade of the officer,
and the location of his post. More fuel would be
allowed to an officer stationed in Maine than to
one stationed in the State of Texas, and more fuel
is allowed to a major than to a lieutenant. I have
in my hand the regulation which prescribes the
number of rooms and the number of cords of
wood to which each officer is entitled, and they
can receive no more pay for fuel than the Army
regulations permit, nor any more for quarters
than they are authorized to rent, and the actual
rent which they are obliged to pay.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That does not meet the
question raised by myself and by the gentleman
from North Carolina; which is, that this appro-
priation is not'covered by law, and that is my
objection to it. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Did'not the gen-
tleman vote for this appropriation in committee ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I did not vote for it, and
there is another item in this bill which I did not
vote for, and which I shall move to strike out;
| and that is, the appropriation for the Washing*
j ton aqueduct. i
; Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I beliore that the i
objection is, that the estimate for this item is too
high.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Yes, sir; and because it
is not covered by the law.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
will perceive that this is an item for -the Pacific,
coast, where the expenses of all things are much
higher than they are on the Atlantic coast. I can
give no further information upon the subject than
is sent to us by the Department. The substance
of that information is, that the Department gets
those accommodations at the very lowest price
possible. It is not to be supposed that the De-
partment can estimate precisely what these items
will cost. But the Army regulations cover the
case; and that being the case, the Department
estimates as nearly as it can, what they will cost.
And I will say to gentlemen that if the cost is less
than here estimated, it will not be paid, and the
balance will return into the Treasury.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to read one paragraph of
the Army regulations, which will settle this matter:
"When public quarters cannot be furnished to officers
at stations without troops, or to enht-ted men at general or
department headquarters, quartets will be commuted at a
fixed rate by the Secretary of War, and fuel at the maiket
prices delivered. When fuel and quartets are commuted to
an officer by reason of ins employment at a civil wotk, the
commutation shall be charged to the appiopnation for the
woik. No commutation for rooms or luel is allowed for
officers or messes."
Mr. BRANCH. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I wish to say that the
chairman of the committee of Ways and Means
made the point against my amendment that the
matter was regulated by law. I admit that where
it is regulated by law we canntft in this way reach
the matter or control it. But another member of
the Committee of Ways and Meansgets up, and,
instead of reading the law authorizing this item,
reads a section of the Army regulations. 1 ask
if it has come to this, that a regulation issued by
a commanding general of the Army, or an esti-
mate made by the Quartermaster General of the
Army, is such a law that this House cannot in-
quire into it? We are not precluded, by propri-
ety or by the rules of the House, from reducing
the estimate; and the very point I make is, that
the Department has estimated too largely, and it
is the duty of this House to cut down the esti-
mates so made.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish simply to say in reply
to the gentleman from North Carolina, that the
Army regulations have the sanction of law; for
they are established in pursuance of law.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Crawford to the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
The question recurred onMr. BRANCH'samend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Insert, after the word " department," in the seventy-third
line, the tollowing:
A sum not exceeding three hundred dollars each, except
in the Staie of California, where the sum allowed shall not
exceed six hundred dollais.
So as to mak<* the clause read :
For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army serving on
light-house duty, the payment of which is no longer pro-
vided for by the quarteimaster's department, a sum not ex-
ceeding, &c.
We have in the United States, according to this
bill, five hundred and fifty-sixlight-houses. These
light-houses arc divided into thirteen divisions.
Each division is under the command of an Army
officer. That Army officer, under the regulations
of the War Department, claims fuel and rations.
The committee will not fail to perceive that this
officer ought to be a traveling officer; that he has
a number of these light-houses under his charge;
that he is, or ought to be, frequently in motion;
and that there is not one of these divisions which
has not a military establishment of the United
States within it—not one where quarters cannot
be had. Notwithstanding that this is the case, he
prefers his claim for fuel and quarters—quarters
which lie ought rarely to occupy—and is allowed
four hundred dollars odd for these particular items.
I propose to confine this allowance to a reasonable
sum. I suppose there is no doubt of our power to
do so. My amendment restricts the allowance on
the Atlantic coast to $,300 each, and on the Pacific
coast, $600.
