1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Foot.
Senate.
through all the organs of detraction and calumny
throughout the country—animputation as unjust
to the free-State people of Kansas as it is unwor-
thy of the Chief Magistrate of the Republic. Sir,
in the face of this charge, I will say here in my
place, and m this presence, that these people who
have been so misrepresented, so maligned, and so
calumniated; who have been pursued for years
with the most persistent and relentless feiocity
by your pampered Government hyenas, are, and
ever have been, as orderly and peaceful, as law-
abiding, and as loyal, as the mostexalted of their
traducers—as loyal to the Constitution and laws
of their country as any portion of the American
people. "Whatever excesses or violence they may
have committed—and it is not in human nature,
hunted and hounded as they have been, that ex-
cesses should not have been committed—they have
been commuted in the necessary defense of their
lives, theirproperty,and theirhnuseholds. Perse-
cuted as they have been; indicted upon charges of
constructive treason—a crime undefined, and un-
known to the Constitution and laws of the country
—treason, too, against a spurious government
cast upon them by foreign arms; imprisoned upon
charges preferred by perjured informers; hunted
like wild beasts, and driven from their own homes;
their settlements broken up; their villages sacked;
their dwellings burned down; their families and
friends massacred before their eyes; themselves
trodden down, subjugated, and worried as they
have been, what people on earth ever exhibited a
more extraordinary and long-enduring forbear-
ance ? Had they taken speedy vengeance in to their
own hands, and driven these lawless marauders
from the Territory, or " delivered them over to
the tender mercies of fire and faggot," they would
have stood approved and justified before God and
all mankind.
Rebels, are they ? So, then, were the fathers and
their compatriots of the American Revolution—
yea, much more rebels than these; for they actu-
ally took up arms against the recognized Govern-
ment of the mother country; whilst these people
have as yet made no practical resistance to the
spurious government to which they owe no alle-
giance, and which grinds them to the dust. They
have thus far done no more than to protest against
its usurped authority, an4to appeal to Congress,
though yet in vain, for relief. Rebels, are they?
If they are rebels, and if this is rebellion, then
commend me, henceforth and evermore, to such
rebels and to such rebellion. To just such rebel-
lion, in principle, are we indebted for our national
independence. To just such rebellion are we in-
debted for the privilege of sitting here to-day in
this council chamber of thp nation. To justsnch
rebellion is every American citizen indebted for
the birthright of his freedom. To just such re-
bellion are we all, as American freemen, indebted
for all that we have, and all that we are, and all
that we can hope to be on earth, which is worth
living for, or worth dying for. Sir, the active op-
erative principle of just such rebellion has been
the origin, and laid the foundation, of all free
governments. The living principle of just such
rebellion has been, in times past, as it shall be in
times to come, the redemption of down-trodden
humanity from the bondage of oppression and
from the tread of a deaf and dumb and blind des-
potism. It is the spirit which animates just such
a rebellion which is to wake up the nations of the
Old World from the stupor, and to dispel the thick
darkness, which have hung upon them through a
long polar night of despotism. It is this spirit,
though yet silent and unseen it may be, before
whose resistless power the rotten and crumbling
dynasties of the earth, now grim and hoary with
the age and with the crimes of departed genera-
tions, are yet to fall and no more to plague the
nations of men. It is this spirit which is to arouse
the slumberingand oppressed millions of the earth
to a new and a higher life—to the assertion and
realization of God's own gift to man—his inalien-
able right to freedom, independence, and self-gov-
ernment. Sir, I commend this spirit m the people
of Kansas. Call them rebels, if you please; per-
secute them; oppress them as you may; yea, an-
nihilate them if you can; but you will never per-
manently subdue them. By the arbitrary exercise
of your power, you may make them all martyrs
to freedom; but,asGodhveth, no power on earth
shall be able to make one man of them the slave
of your despotism. If the voice of my counsels
could reach them in their far-off western homes,
where the sun goes down in lurid lieht upon their
humble dwellings, it should be, ""stand firm;"
" make no dishonorable concessions to usurpa-
tion and tyranny;" " demand justice and nothing
less than justice." " If that be denied you," " if
submission or death must come at last," then,
" better die all freemen than live all slaves."
So much, begging pardon, Mr. President, by
way of episode, in response to the chargc of re-
bellion as applied to the action of the free-State
people of Kansas. But now, how is it with the
other side? How is it with the minority of usurp-
ers in the Territory—with the real authors of all
the strifes and mischief which have so long afflicted
Kansas, and filled her people with lamentation and
woe? How is it with those who have let loose
their sluit-hounds upon the heels of free-State men
—with those who have plundered freemen and
despoiled them of their goods, and have destroyed
free presses, and who, with equal measures of
meanness and of malice, have indicted, as common
nuisances, bridges over which free-State men were
accustomed to pass, and hotels in which free-State
men were accustomed to lodge? How is it with
those who have turned adrift women and children
without home and without protection, and with
those whose hands are red with the blood of as-
sassination ? How is it with those who have car-
ried the elections by force and violence, or by
schemes of wholesale fraud and forgery—with
those who make false certificates, and copy into
the returns whole pages of names from old Direc-
tories to swell the lists of pretended voters, and
insist, with semi-serious and sanctimonious vis-
age, upon their being counted; and who openly
denounce the Governor of the Territory as derelict
in official duty or asexceeding his powers, when
they find him quite too honest a man to answer
their purposes of knavery and crime ? Who are
they who have practiced these abominable frauds
and villainies, wherewithal to rob freemen of their
most sacred rights? Who and what are they who
have done these things with unblushing effrontery
in the face of high heaven, and who have violated
all law, human and divine? Oh! They are the
" law and order party," says the President in his
special message. They are the " law and order
party," says the report of your committee. The
perpetrators of these outrages and crimes untold,
instead of being biought to justice, instead of
being visited with condign punishment, are suf-
fered to go at large, unwhipped of justice. All
these acts of violence and of villainy, and the
authors of them, are passed over without notice
and in silence. Not a word of reproof, not a
word of censure, not a word of discountenance,
not a suggestion that they have done anything
wrong, is heard from the President, nor from any
who speak or do his will. But what is more sig-
nificant still, the foremen and leaders in these
wrongs and outrages which make humanity weep
and common decency blush, instead of receiving
any mark of displeasure, seem to be in the full
enjoyment of the executive favor, and in the pos-
session of the choicest offices m the gift of the
Federal Government within the Territory. Sir,
is it any wonder they have grown so bold, so
defiant, and so shameless in the practice of their
iniquities ? Think you they do not know full well
where their security lies? Think you they do ■
not know their master's will, and that in doing his i
pleasure there is abundant safety ? See who most |
enjoy the smiles and benedictions of the national ;
Executive, and then see who have most incurred i
his disfavor, and suffered removal from office in \
Kansas and outside of Kansas, and for what cause. '
Then we may cease to wonder that the most stu- |
pendous frauds, and the most flagrant outrages 1
go unchallenged and unrebuked, and go with en- ,
tire impunity, provided only and always, they are
committed fiy the " law and order party !" The ,
most high-handed and atrocious schemes of fraud ;
and villainy for cheating freemen of their birth-
right, have been committed by this "law and ,!
order party" under the patronage of the Federal :
Government, and have now reached their culmi-
nating point m the production of the Lecompton
constitution. No wonder, indeed, it is the adopted
pet of the Administration. No wonder the Ad- M
ministration come forward now and assume the
relation and office of god-father to the limping and
ill-shapen brat at the baptismal font. It is the
offspring of the " law and order party."
Mr. President, there is nothing in the history
of the proceedings in which this Lecompton con-
stitution had its origin and its completion to com-
mend it to our favor. Indeed, the more we ex-
amine it, the more reason we find why we should
reject it. We see its whole history, from begin-
ning to end, marked with fraud and violence.
The grand objection to it, already noticed, and
which stands in the foreground of all the others—
that it is (lie work of a small minority, which,by
the aid of an armed invasion from an adjoining
State, had usurped and held the control of all the
powers of the Territory, to the exclusion of any
participation in it, oven to the exclusion of the
free exercise of the right of voting, by tnc major-
ity—is decisive, controlling, and unanswerable.
The very clear and able argument of my honor-
able colleague, [Mr. Collamer,] as contained in
his report and in his speech upon this subject,
and especially in reference to this point, has not
been met, and, in my judgment, cannot be suc-
cessfully met. This likewise answers the assump-
tion and the assertion, often made, that those who
stood aloof from the elections, and took no part
in them, even though they were in a majority,
are concluded by the action of those who did
take part m them, and who did vote. As a gen-
eral proposition, this is ti ue. It is a common po-
litical axiom which nobody disputes. But it has
no application in this case; it has no application
in a government of usurpation, which can impose
no obligation upon the people, nor claim alle-
giance from them. Moreover, the majority were
not allowed the exercise of the privilege of voting
if they would. They were not allowed the priv-
ilege of wresting the power from the hands of the
usurpers in this way. They did not vote, simply
because they were not allowed to vote. At the
first territorial election they did not vote, because
they were driven from the polls by force of arms.
At the second territorial election, in October, 1856,
they did not vote, because they were denied the
exercise of the right of suffrage by test-oaths and
othcrunconstitutional and tyrannical restrictions,
imposed upon them by the first spurious Missou-
rian Assembly, for the very purpose of excluding
the majority of the people from voting, and thus
for the purpose of maintaining the political ascend-
ency of the minority, and so of keeping up the
government of usurpation. At the delegate elec-
tion in June, 1857, they did not vote, because, in
addition to these restrictions, most of which were
still in force, although a few of the most obnox-
ious of them had been repealed by the second Ter-
ritorial Legislature at the instance of Governor
Geary, a census and registration act for this par-
ticular election, which had been passed by the
same Legislature, was so executed as to disfran-
chise a large portion of the free-State men, to say
nothing of the unequal apportionment of the elec-
tion districts under that act, and to say nothing
of their just apprehensions of a repetition of the
scenes of violence and fraud which they had be-
fore experienced, and to say nothing of their in-
disposition to do any act which could be tortured
into a recognition of the authority of the usurp-
ation.
But aside and independently of all these consid-
erations, they had the assurance of Governor
Walker and Mr. Secretary Stanton, speaking by
authority of express and explicit instructions from
the President of the United States and his Cabi-
net, that the constitution, when framed, should be
submitted to a direct vote of all the bona fid", in-
habitants of Kansas for ratification or rejection.
This pledge was givenoverand over again, m the
most solemn and positive manner, by the Presi-
dent and his Cabinet; by the organs of the Ad-
ministration through the coutitiy; byGovctuoi
Walker and Mr. Stanton through their official
instructions and by public proclamation; by a
portion, at least, of the candidates for the conven-
tion themselves, and by the press of nil pin-lics in
Kansas. This was the universal undeist md'nir*
not only in Kansas, but throughout ti«e (nun. v.
Mr. GREEN Will the Senator guv
allow me to make a request of him r
Mr. FOOT. Certainly.
