1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1108
tory; we ask the Delegate on this floor if he ap-
proves this instrument; and, in the name of his
constituency, he indignantly answers no. We
turn to the legally-elected Legislature, recently
in session, and they point us to our Journal, on
which stands the most solemn protest against this
high-handed usurpation. We turn to the people,
and learn that a majority of ten thousand have
already spoken its condemnation with a voice so
loud that it must be heard, and so decided thatit
cannot be mistaken.
The issue between us and those who contend
for the admission of Kansas is radical and fun-
damental. We contend that the constitution must
be the work of the people, express their will, and
speak with their authority. On the other side, it
is contended, that a convention, no matter how
constituted, binds the people by its action. We
contend that the people shall rule the convention;
our opponents, that the convention is above the
people, and that the people must be ruled by its
edicts. We contend that although the conven-
tion can frame a constitution, it cannot put it in
operation against the consent of the people. The
advocates for the admission of Kansas contend
that the power of the convention, like the power
of Parliament, is omnipotent, and that they can
frame a constitution and put it in operation, not
only without the consent of the people, but against
the solemn protest of every man, woman, and
child in the Territory. This is the question for
consideration; this the issue presented. For the i
first time in the history of our country has the
great principle of self-government been openly
attacked; for the first time we are called upon to
stand up in the Halls of Congress to defend the
right of white men to frame their own institutions
and regulate their own government.
It is vain to seek to disguise the issue. It can-
not and shall not be done. "The question presented
for consideration is a plain one. It admits of no
equivocation. No ingenuity of argument, no com-
bination of high sounding words will conceal it.
The Lecompton convention either had the power
to frame and putin operation aconstitution, with-
out the consent, nay, even against the wish of the
whole people of Kansas, or it had not. If that
convention could impose a constitution on an
unwilling people, then Kansas should be admit-
ted. If, on the contrary, that convention was not
clothed with this almost omnipotent power oyer
the freedom of the people, then that constitution
should be rejected. If the convention had not the
power to force the whole constitution upon the
people, they had no power to force a part of it
upon them. If it is admitted that it was neces-
sary to submit any part of the constitution to the
approval of the people, it was necessary to sub-
mit all parts of it. The parts of a constitution are
all equally important, and if any part is invalid
until it has been approved by the people, it is
clear that all parts are equally invalid until they"
have been approved in the same manner. If the
power given by the Legislature of Kansas author-
ized the convention to frame a constitution and
put it in operation, it authorized them to put it
all in operation; not to put a part in force and ;
leave another part dependent on the will of the
people. Either the grant made by the Legisla-
ture to the convention '' to form a constitution,^ ;
included and carried with it the power to ratiiy j
and put it in force without the consent, or even j
against the consent, of the people, or it did not. j
The grant of power was as ample in reference
to the slavery clause as it was m reference to
any other subject. The convention was clothed
either with absolute or with qualified power.
If absolute, it was absolute in all respects. If
qualified, it was qualified in every respect. I
am determined the friends of this Lccompton
constitution shall not evade the issue; that they
shall be held to the responsibility of the measure
they advocate. The people of this country shall
understand that you admit Kansas on the prin-
ciple that the Lecompton convention had power
to fores a constitution on the people of Kansas,
even if every voter in the Territory had opposed
it. It will not do for gentlemen to contend that
a part of the constitution was submitted to a vote
of the people. If the power to put the consti-
tution in operation belonged to the convention,
then it gained no additional force by being sub-
mitted to a vote of the people, and such submis-
sion was an idle ceremony. If, on the contrary,
it was necessary to give validity to the constitu-
tion that any part of it should be submitted for
the approval of the people, it is an indisputable
sequence that it was equally necessary to submit
the whole constitution to the people. The ar-
gument is, that the power to " form a constitu-
tion" carries with it the power to ratify and put
such constitution in operation without the con-
sent of the people. The power is not to put one
clause, but every clause which the convention may
think proper to incorporate, in operation; so that
the man who predicates his advocacy of the Le-
compton constitution on the submission of a part
of the slavery clause to a vote of the people, is
acting inconsistently with his own d octrine, for if it
was necessary to submit the slavery clause, it was
necessary to submit the whole instrument; for the
power over the slavery clause was as ample as it
was over any other part of it, and no necessity
could exist in the one case which did not exist in
the other. If the vote of the people gave validity
to the slavery clause, the balance of the instru-
ment was invalid, because it did not receive the
approval of the people.
The President of the United States, in his very
able message, delivered at the beginning of this
session, felt the full force of this argument, and
attempted to show that there was a distinction
made in the Kansas-Nebraska act which rendered
it necessary that the slavery clause should be sub-
mitted to a vote of the people, whilst the other
provisions could be put in force without such sub-
mission, The President says:
'• In thoKansiw-Neliraaka net, however, this requirement,
as applicable to the whole constitution, had not been insert-
ed, and tile convention were not bound by us teims in sub-
mit an v other portion of the instrument to an election, except
that winch relates to the ' domestic institution' ot' slavoiy.
Tin.-, will lie rendered clear by a simple reterence to its lan-
guage. It was ' not to legislate slaveiy into any Tciritory
or State, nor to exclude it therefinm, hut To leave the people
thereof peifectly fiee to foiin aid regulate their domestic
institutions in their ow-n way.' Accorduigto the plaincon-
sti action of the sentence, the words 1 domestic institutions'
have a rlneet, as they have an appropriate reterence to sla-
very. ' Domestic mstnutions' are limited to the family. The
relation between master and slave and a few others are* do-
mestic institution..,' and are enmely distinct tiom institu-
tions of a political character."
I think there is not a man on this floor bold
enough to follow this interpretation. The " do-
mestic institutions" of a State—what are they?
The domestic institutions of a house refer to the
internal affairs of such house. The domestic in-
stitutions of a State mean its whole interna] pol-
ity; the home institutions as contradistinguished
from those outside relations which States have
with each other. The domestic institutions of a
State have reference to the internal relations of
the citizens of such State to each other, in the
same manner as the domestic institutions of a
family have reference to the relations which the
members of such family bear to each other. When
we use the term " domestic institutions" 111 refer-
ence to a family, we confine and limit the mean-
ing of the term to those relations which exist m
a family. When, however, wo use the words
in reference to a State, the meaning is enlarged
by the connection, and it embraces the relations
which the citizens of such State bear to each other.
Used in this sense, a bank is as much a domestic
institution as the rchstion ot husband and wife, or
parent and child. This is the clear meaningot
the terms used in the Kansas-Nebraska act. xho
term " domestic institutions," as used 111 Lhatact,^
had reference to the domestic institutions, not oi
a family, but of a State; and the domestic insti-
tutions of Kansas are the provisions for its gov-
ernment found m its constitution. _ _
If wo were to admit that the term domestic in-
stitutions referred only to the family relations, it
would i n el ude a great man v things besides slavery;
and if the provisions of the Kansas-Nebraska
act required the provisions of the constitution of
Kansas relating to her domestic institutions to be
submitted to a vote of the people, then the Le-
compton convention most clearly violated this
part of the organic law, for nothing but the sla-
very clause—and that only in part—was submit-
ted. The President admits that the term "do-
mestic institutions" includes " a few othei rela-
tions" besides those of master and servant. V e
all know that it includes a great many more, and
thofee of the highest importance. The relation oi
husband and wife, parentand child, guardian and
ward, are universally admitted to be domestic
institutions," in the most confined sense in which
the terms are ever used. Yet no submission of
the legislative power in reference to any of these-
relations was made. These are the- most delicate
and important relations which we sustain. Why,
then, were they not submitted? The President
say s the Kansas-Nebraska act required the pro-
visions relating to the " domestic institutions" to
be submitted. It was not done; and; therefore, *
on his own showing the constitution is clearly in
violation oftheorganic act. Butit may baargued
that I have given a more enlarged signification to
the term "domestic institution" than the Presi-
dent did, and that therefore my conclusions are
unjust to him. I intend no injustice, and will be
guilty of none where I know it, and more espe-
cially to our Chief Magistrate, whom I honor and 1
respect. But I do not intend to let this matter
pass from me until I ha've shown that even in re-
lation to slavery, the Lecompton convention has
not complied with the President's interpretation,
of the organic act.
• The President contends that it was the duty of
the convention to submit the slavery question to
a vote of the people. Was this done? If it was
not, then the action of the convention is in viola-
tion of the law of Congress,and is therefore void.
Was the slavery clause submitted to a vote of the
people? No one dare contend that it was. The
only question submitted to be voted upon was the
importation of slaves from places without the Ter-
ritory. Slavery, as it existed in the Territory,
was not only not submitted, but, on the contrary,
it was fixed and established, so that all who were
slaves at that time, and all their descendants,
throughout all time to come, were to be and re-
main slaves. And not only was this true, but the
voter was compelled to vote for this continuance
of slavery before he would be allowed to even vote
for prohibiting the importation of slaves, for it is
to be remembered that the tickets were " For the
Constitution," or " For the Constitution without
Slavery." The ticket was all the time "Forthe
Constitution"—never against it. " Forthe Con-
stitution," with all its slavery clauses, was the
ticket. Now, if the President's construction is
correct, the question of slavery should have been
submitted to a vote of the people. Not a part of
the question, but the whole question of slavery.
Not simply whether any more slaves should be
imported, but whether slavery should continue to
exist. The law provides that the State is to be
admitted with or without slavery, as the people
should determine. Notwithstanding this provis-
ion of the organic law, slavery was fastened upon
them by the Lecompton constitution without their
consent, and no opportunity was afforded them to
vote on that question. Is this what you define
"leaving the people perfectly free to form and
regulate then- domestic institutions in their own
way ?" Is this your interpretation of the mean-
ing of that boasted law extending popular sover-
eignty ? Let us examine this question still further.
Not only was the slavery question not submit-
ted, but before the voter was permitted to deposit
his ballot'on the future importation of slaves, he
mi^ht be required to take an oath to support the
constitution ifartopted. He was required to. swear
to support what he might desire to vote against.
The history of the Old World furnishes instances
where oaths of allegiance have been required from
a conquered people, but never before in our free
| land has an American citizen been insulted, when
I he approached the polls to deposit his ballot, with
i u demand to swear allegiance to a constitution
j which was not adopted, and which he mijrht not
j desire to have adopted. If I had been a citizen of
| Kansas, I would have regarded suo.h a demand an
accusation against my patriotism, and an insult to
my manhood. I would not have taken it, and I
would therefore have been disfranchised. But X
will waive the implied charge of treason, which
lies in the demand to take such an oath, and which
was intended to drive high-minded men away
from the polls, and I will take it for granted that
the voter was willing to secure his rights by such
degradation. The next question is, was the oath
one which a man could safely take? Follow me,
whilst I examine this question. The first section
of the seventh article of the Lccompton constitu-
tion reads as follows:
" The 1 ight of propei ty is before and higher than any con-
; ^ntutional sanction, and the right of the owner of a s?av<*
1 i&ucJi slave and us mceasc is the same, ar-d is asjnvioiawc
| as the right of the owner of any property whatever.
