1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say that that
■would make the amount $7,800, instead of $7,034.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; $300 to
twelve men and $600 to this major in California.
The committee will observe that I propose by this
amendment to regulate these allowances to officers
by fixing them at $300 on the Atlantic coast, and
§600 in California, where things are certainly at a
pretty high figure. I ask the honorable chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means if that is
not enough? Does he not believe that it will
cover every dollar of expense in that regard ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I wish to
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether, in his calculation for these offi-
cers engaged in light house duty, he has made
the allowances according; to their Army rank ?
Mr. J. GL ANCY JONES. That is my under-
standing. They are allowed for quarters and fuel
which appertain to their rank in the Army.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, that
ought not to be so.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am opposed to
the amendment. 1 do not propose to debate it;
I believe the bill cannot be improved, and I call
for the vote.
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. REAGAN. I offer an amendment to come
in at the seventy-fourth line.
Mr. SEWARD. Wc have not reached that
point where the gentleman offers his amendment.
When we have reached it the gentleman can offer
his amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Who is entitled to
the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Texas.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Well, I hope his
amendment will be read. Letusgo on in order,
Mr. Reagan's amendment was read as follows:
Provided, That no sum shall be paid out of this appropri-
ation, in gross, to any officer, nor until the pmper J)<-pnit-
ment ^hal! be ^ltipficd that an actual expenditme has been
made bv s-uch officer for fuel or quarters, and for no other
purpose; and only for the amount ot such actual expenditure.
* Mr. REAGAN. I understand, from what has
been said by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that the officers provided for in
this clause are to be paid constructive fuel and
quarters accordingto theirrank m the Atmy. The
"object of my amendment is to prevent this con-
structive paying away of the public money for
purposes for which it is never used.
This amendment, whatever the appropriation
may be, will limit the expenditures to the amount
actually paid out for fuel and quarters. The sal-
aries of these officers have been referred to in this
debate. Their salaries are elsewhere provided
for. This is only for fuel and quarters. I desire
to limit the expenditures to the payments actu-
ally made for fuel and quarters, and not to allow
these constructive payments to be made to officers
of the Army.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, I desire to correct
the gentleman on one point. They do not receive
their fuel and quarters by construction of law at
all, but by positive law. The law itself fixes the
pay, fuel, and rations, according to rank.
Mr. REAGAN. It is doubtful, and this amend-
ment makes it clear and explicit. They are not
to be paid constructively, but only for what is ac-
tually needed by the public service.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chairman, I have observed
that the honorable gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Branch] has, on more than one occa-
sion, assailed the extravagance of the Army of
the United States, and I have sought an oppor-
tunity to reply to him, but have heretofore been
unable to do so. In the first assault which he
made, he said that we had a superabundance of
officeis in our service as compared with the ser-
vice of other countries, and read copious extracts
to show an exorbitant number of commissions to
a given number of privates. In justice to the
Army, he should have considered the character
of the service which our officers perform. Many
of our officeis arc not really engaged with the
troops, but are employed in civil pursuits by the
Government, as you perceive by the character of
the bill now before us. Many of *hem are en-
gaged in the topographical bureau, and in various
surveys all through the United States; some of
them supervising constructions of roads; some
chiving camels; one has, for years, been delving
in the earth to discover artesian wells; and one has
charge of the construction of this Hall. Others
are engaged in civil engineer service—quite out of
the line of the duties performed by military offi-
cers in other parts of the world. Our Army is a
skeleton army. The officers educated at West
Point are employed in various ways, and when-
ever the legitimate service requires it, they are
ready to fall into the ranks and do the duty de-
volved upon them as military commanders. This
versatility of pursuits brings them in contact with
the various enterprises of the day, and better qual-
ifies them to act as a nucleus upon which your
militia can and does rally in time of war. There
is no branch of the military service that is more
cautiously guarded than thafrelating to fuel and
quarters. It is impossible that an officer should
draw more than lie actually needs, because the
quartermaster can only grant that which the ser-
vice seems to require. For instance: the officers
serving in Mexico generally got no fuel, because
the climate was generally so warm none was re-
quired. But from the earliest military history of
our country, the officers and privates of the Army
have been entitled to fuel and quarters when re-
quired, and 1 do not apprehend that any officer
will receive more under this bill than is right and
just. Why should officers on light-house service
be deprived of this allowance, which is accorded
to all other branches of the scrvice?
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to ask thn gentleman,
in order to show uie injustice of this system,
whether an officer serving in the Indian country,
and living in tents and undergoing all the hard-
ships of living in tents, gets anything from the
Government for fuel and quarters ? And whether
this is not an advantage given to officers living in
comfortable quarters, and a discrimination against
officers engaged in liaid service ?
Mr. CURTIS. It is nota discrimination which
they regard as an injustice. At least they should
not: the man in field service, with all this incon-
venience in regard to quarters, generally prefers
it. He draws a tent instead of a house, and pre-
fers it. Why? First, because his personal and
family expenses are less while he is in field ser-
vice; and, second, because the service is generally
more in accordance with his profession, more va-
ried and distinguished, and therefore more inter-
esting. It would be better for the officers and the
service if they were more m the frontier service.
But if, stationed in the city of Cleveland, or New
York, or San Francisco, he desires to live as other
gentlemen do, he must incur greater expense. It
'is right and necessary for the honor of your coun-
try that your officers should be so provided. The
quartermaster has to furnish our officers when
thus located with a respectable house, and you
cannot get a respectable house in a large city for
less than from five hundred to one thousand dol-
lars a year; you cannot get a good one even in
Iowa, in the city of Keokuk, where I reside, for
less than six or eight hundred dollars a year. An
officer is thus entitled to quarters according to his
location. If in the field, he desires and draws a
tent; if m a frontier garrison, he has a cabin; and
when you locate him in a city, he should have a
respectable house. Such is the system established
by the Army regulations, and contemplated by
this bill. I hope gentlemen will pass on toother
items, and make no further assault on the tran-
sient and indifferent homes allowed to our Army
officers and their families. [Here the hammer fell.]
The question being on Mr. Reagan's amend-
ment,
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hall of
Ohio, and Buffintox were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 74.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWAJID. I move to amend the same
paragraph by striking out " seven" and inserting
" ten." Mr. Chairman 1 have moved thisamend-
ment simply for the purpose of making a few re-
marks upon the general subject.
It is a matter of regret to me that these insidi-
ous attacks are made against the commerce of the
country by some gentleman who come from the
same section of country from winch I come.
When we remember that we have no commerce,
that we have no ships which arc built at the
South,that the whole commerce of theSouth does
not exceed forty thousand tons of vessels built
there, yet southern men are eternally warring^
upon appropriations which are for the benefit of]
the coast surveys and for the Light-House Board,'
"which are Qf such immense advantage to the com-
merce of my section of the country. It is a fact
that an exclusively agricultural country can never'
become a wealthy country.
While gentlemen from the North have been lib-'
eral in their appropriations for the benefit of the
South, gentlemen from the South vote against
them. If these reforms are necessary, let us re-1
organize the Light-House Board. Letus reorgan-
ize the whole system, and our whole system of'
coast survey. Let us do what is proper, and no
mare. But I protest that while the commerce of
the South is languishing, it should be made to
suffer still more by the niggardly parsimony
shown by gentlemen from the South, when gen-
tlemen from the North come forward to relieve"
us. Let us meet gentlemen from the North in
these measures for our relief, instead of spending
our time in nonsensical conventions, discussing
commerce outside the country.
Now, sir, we must have some principle to act'
upon. We must have some system. Gentlemen
are constantly complaining that war is made upon
the South; that contributions are levied upon the
South; and that the labor of the South is taxed
for the benefit of the North. It is true that the
labor of the South has been taxed for the benefit
of the North, but we have done nothing for our-
selves. Gentlemen from the North are willing to
do what is right. During the five years I have been
here, I have always found the people of the North
liberal, in respect to the South, upon every subject,
with the exception of that of slavery, and 1 be-
lieve they are coming round right upon that sub-
ject. I want to see the subject of slavery taken
away from these Halls. Let that be done. Let
us talk about commerce. Let us come up like
sensible men, and turn our attention to the com-
merce of the country—a subject in which all our
people in the North, in the South, the East, and
the West, are equally interested—and we shall
hear no more of sectional controversies.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I wish to oppose the
amendment of my colleague. 1 do not thi-nk the
appropriation should be increased to $10,000.
[The committee here informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
duly enrolled, bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 82) to amend "An act to author-
ize the President of the United States to cause to
be surveyed the tract of land in the Territory of'
Minnesota, belonging to the half-breeds or mixed
bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians,
and for other purposes." approved July 17, 1854;
An act (S. No 314) for the prevention and pun-
ishment of frauds in land titles m California;
An act (S. No. 312) to provide for the collec-
tion and safe-keeping of public archives in the
State of California.
The committee again resumed its session.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the same paragraph by striking out "three"
and inserting " five." 1 do not understand the
principles upon which the Committee of Ways
and Means justify themselves in calculating the
pay of these people, who are engaged upon light-
house duties, according to Army rank/ You say
the Quartermaster General will not pay them
You put these men upon special duty—upon light'
house duty. Why should not one superintendent,
put upon light-house duty, have fuel and quarter-
equal to another superintendent, put upon tbs
same duty? They are all occupying the same
special position, of superintending, as I under©
stand it, the light-house system. When the du-
ties are the same, when the districts are equal-
ized, when the special duties they perform are the
same, why should a younger man, probably of
the most energy, probably of the most talent and
of the most efficiency, be cut down m the matter
of his quarters and fuel to that belonging to the
rank of lieutenant, while an older man next to
him, upon the same hne of duty, gets fuel and
quarters according to a major or colonel's rank?
Mr. CURTIS. I can tell the gentleman, it is
because old men have larger families, and have
more company to entertain.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am in-
