1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
. Is this the declaration of a legal and constitu-
tional truth ? Is it true that the right of property
in a slave rests on the same foundation as that of
a horse or-a cow? We are told in that gieat good
Book, that when God had deluged the earth and
destroyed theantediluvian race, except Noah and
his family, he made a solemn covenant with Noah,
as the representative and father of the tribes and'
nations of men that were to live in the countless
ages of future time; a part of which covenant is
in this beautiful and impressive language: " And
the fear of you, and the dread of you, shall be
upon every beast of the earth and upon every fowl
of the air; upon all that moveth upon the earth,
and upon all the fishes in the sea; into your hand
are they delivered." Upon this grand and glori-
ous covenant with the great Creator of the uni-
verse, we predicate our title to property in ani-
mals—but man is not included. The right to the
" beasts of the field, the birds of the air, and the
fishes of the sea," is derived from the covenant
of the rainbow; and wherever its triumphal arch
spans the heavens with its web of brilliant beams,
the right of man to such property is acknowledged
and respected. This right of property does in-
deed stand above human laws and constitutions
—it comes from Deity; and it will remain above
human constitutions as long as the bright bow m
the clouds shall gild the heavens " when storms
prepare to part."
Now, I will not dispute the right of our south-
ern brethren to their slaves, hut that right comes
from the local enactment of the State; if, is not
derived from the law of God, but is the creature
of human legislation. The right to hold a slave
is a matter of positive enactment, and, being but
a human law, can be repealed by the legislative
authority of any country where it exists.
I am as willing to carry out the compromises
of the Constitution on tins subject, in good laith,
as any other man. I respect the right possessed
by Virginia and all the southern States over .shi-
very, withm their limits. and I would not interfere
with it. The jurisdiction over the subject is in
their hands. But when I am asked to support it
as a fundamental truth, that the right to hold a
"slave and its increase" ia a right above the
reach of law and constitutions, I cannot doit. It
is not so. There is no statesman w ho will daie
contend for such a doctrine. If it be true, then
slavery never can be abolished; and if wo admit
.Kansas into the Union on the Lecompton con-
stitution, slavery must continue to exist there
through all time to come. The Legislature can-
not abolish it, for it stands above the law. Con-
stitutional conventions cannot overthrow it, for
the voter in Kansas is required to swear to sup-
port it as " higher than any constitutional sanc-
tion." Think of it, my Democratic friends who
vote for the ad mission of Kansas on the Lecompton
constitution. You say that it was a fair submis-
sion of the slavery question to require a voter to
ewear to support it as a fundamental truth, that
the right of a slaveholder to his "slave and us
increase" stands on the'same basis as the light
of the farmer to his ox. " Go home, if you can;
go home, if you dare," and tell your constituents
that you supported a constitution which required
the citizen to take an oath to support such doc-
trines befoie he was permitted to \ote, and that
you called that a fair submission of the constitu-
tion. Yes, go home and tell them that you have
forccd Kansas into the Union with a constitution
which declares slavery above the reach of consti-
tutional prohibition, and that, although the peo-
ple may change the constitution, they never can
abolish slavery, for the right of the masfei to the
" slave and its increase is higher than all consti-
tutional sanctions." Tell the people who eiceted
you that you have given up ajl the'Territories to
slavery; that the slaveowner has the right, ac-
cording to the Drcd Scott decision, to take his
slave piopeity into any of the Territories of the
Union, and that you have established it as a fun-
damental truth, that constitutional conventions
and Legislatures have no greater power to abol-
ish it than they have to abolish the title of an
owner to his ox or his horse. Yes, tell them that
slavery is universal, and that they must submit
to it.
My Democratic colleagues from Pennsylvania
who vote to force the Lecompton constitution on
Kansas, go home and tell our people that slavery
yet exists in Pennsylvania—that the title to slave
property has been declared by you to be above
legislative enactments and constitutional provis-
ions; that the gradual emancipation bill passed
by the patriotic and philanthropic fathers of the
glorious old Keystone is void; and that slavery
yet exists in full vigor in the land of Penn. My
northern Democratic friends from the old original
thirteen States, if this doctrine is true as enunci-
ated in the Lecompton constitution—and you say
by your votes that it is true—then slavery exists
in the northern part of the old thirteen States as
completely as it does in Alabama or South Caro-
lina. If it is true that constitutions cannot pro-
hibit, nor Legislatures abolish, then slavery is
universal, and exists eveiywhere.
Nor was this all. Not only was the voter re-
quired to take an oath to support the clause I ha^e
quoted, but the whole constitution. Now, the
fourteenth article of the schedule of the Lecomp-
ton constitution provides as follows:
" After the year 1864, whenever the Legislature shall think
it necessary to amend, alter, or change this constitution, they
shall lecouimend to the electors at the next gcnui.il elec-
tion, two thirds of the membets of each concurring.
to vote for or-agamst calling a convention, and if it shall
appear that amojority of all citizens of the Ftate have voted
for a, convention, the Legislatuie shall, at its next regular
stN ion, call a convention, to consist of as many members
as there may he in the Eloti&e of Representatives at the time,
to be cho.>en m the same manner, at the &ame places, and
by the same electors that choosu the Representatives. Said
delegates so elected, shall meet withm three months after
saidCleetion, for the purpose of revisimr, amending, or
ehiinjiina: the constitution ; but no alteration j-IhiII be made
to affect the rights of piopeity in the owner-hip of slaves."
The Legislature may provide for any amend-
ment they may deerrt proper, except the right to
amend the constitution so that slavery could be
abolished and Kansas be made a free State. Sla-
very is to be fastened upon them forever. Not
only was the voter to take .such an oath, but every
officer of every class and kind who mi?ht be elected
through all time to come, is required to swear to
support this and every other clause of tins ex-
traordinary constitution. Will my Democratic
friends still contend that the slavery clause was
fairly submitted? Let me ask whether thcie is
a northern man on this floor or elsewheie, who
would hwear to support a constitution winch fast-
ened slaveiy upon the people of Kansas forever,
and which prohibits its abolition through all time
to come'
But I have not done with this branch of the case.
We have been told that the Lecompton constitu-
tion is a legal instrument; that it is made in con-
formity to law, and m obedience to the provisions
of the Kansas-Nebraska act? What will my Dem-
ocratic friends say, when I assure them that not
only is this not so, but that the Lecompton con-
stitution not only violates, but actually repeals,
the Kansas-Nebiaska act ? I desire the attention
of the committee to this matter; for, of all the
infamous devices ever contrived by cunning and
unprincipled men to deprive the people of their
night of self-government, I consider this the most
adroitly arranged and deeply laid. And, here, I
must call the attention of members to the dates
of these transactions. I will raise the cm tain and
give them a peep at the actois behind the scenes.
The delegates to the Lecompton convention were
elected in .Tune—the Lcgislatuie had repealed the
testoaths—and thcintention of the free-State party
, to vote in October had been openly proclaimed,
and was well understood throughout the Tern-
toty. The convention assembled in September,
and although their labors could have been com-
pleted m a week, they appointed committees, and j
adjourned until the 19th of October.
The object of thislomx adjournment is obvious
to every mind—the convention desired to know
the result of that election, as it would demonstrate
which party was in the majority in the Territory;
they could then see whether it would do to sub-
mit the constitution with its slavery provisions to
a fair vote of the people. They could also take
proper precautions to deprive the free-State Le-
gislature, if that party succeeded at the election,
of all power. The October election was held, and
the free-State men swept the State, and elected all
the officers. Since the organization of the Terri-
tory, they had been deprived of all political power;
they had been driven from the polls at the first
election by armed bands; they were afterwards
disfranchised by test oaths, so odious, and so
clearly in violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, that every Democrat on this floor, and
every Democrat in the Senate, voted for Toombs's
bill, which declared them void. Now, that party
had succceded in electing their officers at a fair
election, and the power to repeal the unjust and
oppressive laws of which they complained, was
in their own hands. We, as Democrats, rather
regretted the result of this election, as it was
looked upon as a Republican triumph; but the
election was a fair one, and we were perfectly
willing to submit. Not so the Lecompton con-
vention. Let me turn the attention of members
to the second article-of the schedule to the Le-
compton constitution. It provides as follows:
v* All laws now in lurec intheTcrntory of Kansas, which
avo not repugnant to the* constitution, shall continue and be
of foice until alteied, amended, or lepealedby aLegisIatuie
assembled under the provisions of tins constitution."
The free-State Legislature elected in October
is thus blotted out of existence. It might assem-
ble and adjourn, but it could notchangethe laws
—its power of legislation was gone. The only
way the laws in force on the 7th of November,
1857, could be " altered or repealed," was by a
Legislature elected under the provisions of the
Lecompton constitution. The October election
was treated as though it had never taken place;
and the existence of the officers then chosen was
completely ignored. Now, permit me to ask, what
right did the Kansas-Nebraska act secure to the
people? We must answer, the right of electing
their own law-makers, and making their own
laws. And this right was guarantied to them so
long as they remained a Territory. Now, a le-
gally and fairly elected Legislature has assembled
since the 7th of November last; that Legislature
has passed many important laws; those laws
have been signed and approved by Governor Den-
ver—aie now on the statute-book. If you admit
Kansas with this Lecompton constitution, those
laws are thereby repealed. And the right of le-
gislation secured by the Kansas-Nebraska act is
negatived and nullified. This, gentlemen, is the
constitution which we have been so often and
triumphantly told was a legal instrument, made
in obedience to that " enabling act," the Kansas-
Nebiaska bill. This provision, too, the voter was
required to swear he would support. My Dem-
ocratic, fnends, will you dare to tell me this was
a fair submission of the slavery clause, hedged
around, as it was, by the most monstrous enun-
ciation of startling principles, which voters were
required to swear they would support as an equiv-
alent for the privilege of voting ?
The slavery question has never been submit-
ted to a vote of the people. The President says
the organic law required such a submission, and,
theiefore, the Lecompton constitution is not, on
his own showing, a legal instrument.
I have run this matter out m detail, for the ben-
efit of that very respectable body of Democrats on
this floor who, with the President, base their sup-
port of this measure on the submission of the sla-
very question. Gentlemen, you cannot stand on
such a platform. It is too narrow. If you admit
that the slavery question should have been sub-
mitted, it has not been done; and the failure to do
what you say was requned under the organic law,
should compel you, on your own principles, to
oppose the admission of Kansas on the Lecomp-
ton constitution. You have two horns of a di-
lemma. You must either construe the law to mean
that the convention had power to force the consti-
tution on the people whether they were willing or
unwilling, or you must, with (he President, con-
tend, that the organic law, which he construes
into an '' enabling act," required the submission
of the slavery question to a vote of the people. If
you take the fonner, then you give meie delegates
despotic power. If the latter, the constitution is
in violation of your " enabling act," and is most
clearly void. The choice is before you—take
which horn you will.
The extraordinary power claimed for the Le-
compton convention is derived from the mere
election of the delegates. We are told by honor-
able gentlemen that, by the election of delegates,
the people ratify the constitution which the dele-
gates may afterwards form. I must beg to dis-
sent from this monstrous doctrine. At the time
of such election no constitution has been formed,
and, consequently, none is before the people for
consideration. How, then, can they be said to
ratify that which is not in existence ? The elec-
tion of delegates determines only who shall be
