1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
copies printed; so that some gentlemen may have
got copies, while others have not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I presume there
are copies enough in the document room for all
the me.mbersof the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There are none
there. I have sent, and have not been able to get
one.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee It only requires
some two hundred and fifty copies to supply the
House.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I may state that
I took the pains myself to see that this bill should
be printed; and I was informed that copies would
be here for distribution at half past twelve. One
was laid on my table at one o'clock, and others
circulated around me; and, therefore, I supposed
that all the members were supplied.
Mr. FLORENCE. Whose duty is it to see to
this? Is it the duty of the Clerk of the House to
have bills printed and put in possession of mem-
bers ?
The CHAIRMAN pra tempore. The Door-
keeper lias just informed the Chair, that a new
supply lias been brought in, and is in the hands
of the pages, for distribution.
Mr. FLORENCE. I heard it said that they
had not been sent to the Clerk's office. The Clerk
is only an amateur, and I want to keep him to his
duty. I want to set ail example on this side of
the House.
Mr. BISHOP. I have thus far, Mr. Chairman,
heard no man deny that the resources of the Gov-
ernment were about exhausted; that the Treasury
of the United States was nearly empty; and that
there was a necessity, by some means or other,
of raising funds to carry on the Government.
The only question that has been discussed has
been, whether this loan should be secured through
an issue of Treasury notes, or by a loan, founded
on Government stock.
It has been suggested, why not leave the ques-
tion to the Presidentof the United States, to decide
whether he wishes this money raised by loan or
by the issue of Treasury notes? Why, Mr.
Chairman, if I understand correctly, the President
wishes for no such privilege. He comes here,
through the Secretary of the Treasury, and asks
the Senate and House of Representatives to grant
him the privilege of issuing Treasury notes. He
does not ask for power to negotiate a loan upon
the security of United States stocks. So far, then,
as the opinions of the President are concerned,
we are acting in conformity with those opinions;
we are only carrying out the views of the Pres-
ident, in doing exactly what he recommends us
to do.
It was suggested by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] the other day that it was
a very extraordinary state of affairs to see this
Government, only sixty days ago purchasing up
their stocks at a premium of twenty or thirty per
cent., now coming forward and asking for the
issue of Treasury notes to meet their immediate
necessities. Mr. Chairman, it is an extraordi-
nary state of affairs, but no more extraordinary
connected with the Government than connected
with the affairs of individuals throughout the
country. Where can there be found a man en-
gaged largely in business who was not buying
State stocks, railroad bonds, and railroad stocks,
at a high premium, sixty and ninety days ago ?
And yet how many of these men have since be-
come bankrupt, and have been compelled to place
their effects in the hands of their creditors for
settlement? It is true that this is an extraordi-
nary state of affairs, but it is this very state of
affairs which has brought about the necessity
which exists for issuing these Treasury notes.
Now, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son) suggests that these Treasury notes will not
go into circulation. I cannot concur with the gen-
tleman in that respect; I believe that they will go
into circulation, and that they will be made a me-
dium of exchange throughout the country, and
that the business of the country will be greatly
benefited 111 consequence; and it is for that rea-
son, as mucli as any other, that 1 prefer the issue
of Treasury notes to the issue of the United
States stocks, as a measure of relief.
When the gentleman says that Stale or United
States stocks and bonds have never been used as
a medium of exchange it is very true, for the
Government has never proposed to receive State
or Government bonds in payment of the debts
due the Government of the United States. But,
sir, it is provided in this bill that these notes shall
be received by the Government in payment of
debts due the Government, and hence it arises,
from the necessity of the case, that these Treas-
ury notes will be made a medium of exchange.
I know that, in my section of the country, they
are looking for these Treasury notes, for the very
purpose of making tliem a medium of exchange.
If they bear no more than one per cent, interest,
they will be taken into the banks as the equivalent
for gold, just as much as though they bore six
per cent, interest.
Another objection to the issue of UnitedStates
stocks is that, in order that they may bring a large
premium, they must have a long time to run.
The exigencies of the Government may require
that this money shall be needed only for a short
time, perhaps only for a few months; and when
that time has past, if you issue your Government
stocks they may run on for twenty years, and you
are obliged to pay intcrestupon them for the whole
time, and then perhaps you bring about the
same state of affairs spoken of by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, in which the Government
will again be found purchasing up its ownstocks
at a premium of twenty or thirty per cent. For
that reason it is more economical for the Govern-
ment, and better for the business of the country,
that Treasury notes should be issued rather than
Government stocks.
We have been referred to the issue of United
States stocks in 1847, and it has been suggested
that, as that plan was adopted then, why not
adopt it now? Why, Mr. Chairman, there is no
prospect of the Government wanting the same
amount of money now which it wanted then. It
may be, that before these very Treasury notes are
executed by the Secretary of the Treasury, the
necessities of the Government will have passed,
that the importations will have increased, and
that there will be sufficient money in the Treas-
ury to meet the exigencies of the Government
before the time arrives for the issue of the first
note. But I hope, Mr. Chairman, that if these
notes are to be issued, the passage of the bill may
not be delayed in this House. If they are to be
issued at all, they should be issued in the most
speedy manner. For, while the issue of these
notes will be an advantage to the Government, I
know that so far as my section of the country is
concerned, they will be of wonderful advantage
to the business of the State. Business there is
prostrated. The country is not, as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] said, in a
prosperous condition. It may be true tliat there
is more money in the country than ever before,
but if such is the fact, ] should like to have the
gentleman from Massachusetts point out where it
is to be found. The manufacturers and the busi-
ness men of Connecticut cannot find it. It is s
hoarded up; confidence is lost; and though there j
may be money m the country, it cannot be made i
available for the benefit of the business men of
the country, except at a high rate of interest.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Connecticut a question, with his permission.
I wish to ask whether the simple reason why this
gold is not in circulation is not that paper money
has taken the place of it? Then, if you put more
paper money into circulation by the issue of
Treasury notes, do not you drive more gold out
of circulation? and not only out of circulation,
but out of the country ? That is the cause of the
difficulty under which the country is laboring, j
The more paper you introduce as a circulating ,
medium, the more gold you drive out of circula- '
tion.
Mr. BISHOP. In answer to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania I have to say, if he admits
that these Treasury notes are the same descrip-
tion of currency as the paper issued by the banks i
throughout the Union, perhaps his argument may j
amount to something; or, if he believes that the !
issue by the Government of a few Treasury notes
for a few months, or for a year or two, in order !
to make up a small deficiency in the Treasury, is :
the same as the establishing of a bank authorized
to issue notes of the denomination of five dollars,
three dollars, two dollars, and one dollar, almost
without limit, with scarcely a dollar of specie
upon which that paper money is based, I admit,
then, that his argument may amount to some-
thing. I am no more in favor than the gentleman
from Pennsylvania of making the United States
Government a machine for the manufacture of
papermoney. I regret that so much papermoney
lias been sent into circulation throughout the
country. I believe that it has been the great
cause of the present unfortunate condition of t,hs
country.
Mr. COVODE. I say to the gentleman from
Connecticut, that he started with the admission
that the money in the Treasury is nearly ex-
hausted, and therefore there is nothing upon
which to base this circulation of paper money.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BISHOP. I ask the gentleman whether
this bill does not provide that these Treasury notes
shall be sold to tlie highest bidder, and that gold
shall be paid for them? If this is true, X then ask
him whether, when these Treasury notes are out,
there is not a dollar of gold for every dollar Qf
notes ?
I do not wish to dwell upon this subject. I am
no advocate of paper money. I should like to see
a law passed, if it were possible and constitutional,
forbidding any banks in the Union from issuing
a bill underthe denomination of fifty dollars. But,
sir, that cannot be done. I trust that this measure
will pass. It will meet the necessities of the coun-
try and benefit the business of the country.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am anxious to
bring the House to a vote upon this bill to-day,
and I therefore move that the committee rise,
with a view to fix a time for closing debate on it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to sub-
mit a few remarks, and 1 hope the gentleman will
not make his motion now.
The CHAIRMAN. The'motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sayage
and Wisslow were appointed.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative, the tellers having reported—aye^
80, noes 92.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
the gentleman who last addressed the committee
threw some light on a subject which hag removed
•some doubt which previously rested upon if, if
not as to the purposes intended to be accom-
plished, at least as to the purposes which will b<j
accomplished by this bill, if passed iu its present
form. It was stated yesterday by the honorable
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] who
for a long time presided over the Committee of
Ways and Means, that this bill, he believed, fol-
lowed, with considerable accuracy, the precedents
of former bills for issuing Treasury notes. The
honorable chairman of the present Committee of
Ways and Means started out this morning with
the same statement,which, however, he qualified,
by saying that they were the same, with the ex-
ception of two or thiee particulars, which he
specified, still leaving the impression upon the
House that this bill was no novelty, but was in
the line of former precedents, if they were not
the same.
I was very much struck by both forms of ex-
pression at the time they were used; and on inves-
tigating the former laws which have been passed,
I find that they are alike in the formal parts of
the bill, but m those portions which touch the
material qualities of it, they greatly differ. I can
scarcely add, on this point, to the observation^
already made so well by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] nor have I any further
suggestions to make with reference to the amend-
ment which he has moved, for the purpose of
bringing this bill within the line of early prece-
dents.
In the first place, with reference to a matter of
detail—and I address myself especially to my
friend at the head of the Committee of Ways and
Means—the clause of the fourth section whieh
he has moved to add to the bill, cannot stand in
the bill without coming in direct conflict with the
second provision of the bill as originally drawn;
and that conflict existed in the bill when drawn--"
and when yesterday presented to the Committee
of Ways and Means for then- consideration. I
make the suggestion because the gentleman can
obviate the difficulty by an amendment. The sec-
ond section provides that the first ^6,000,000
issued shall be issued at such rate of interest as
