1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
delegated to draw up a constitution, and nothing
more. It settles whether a Democrat or a Repub-
lican shall be chosen; or, to apply the rule to Kan-
sas, it determines whether pro-slavery or free-State
men shall be delegates. It determines nothing
else and nothing more. The constitution which
is not in existence is not in issue; its provisions
are not known, antl cannot be passed upon.
But it is contended that when we delegate th^e
power to a convention to " form a constitution,"
this includes not only the power to " form," or
draw up, the instrument, but also to ratify and
put it in force. I regard this as a monstrous doc-
trine; one that carmot be sustained on any fair
and legitimate construction of the terms. To
" form a constitution" means to draw up and ar-
range the provisions of such an instrument in
methodical shape. The agents employed are mere
clerks orattorneys, clothing the contract between
the members of society in legal phrases and set
terms of art.
We may gain great light on this subject by first
determining upon a proper definition for that tech-
nical word constitution.
We hear the term in courts and Congress—in
the pulpit and the press; but it is not an easy mat-
ter to find a true and exact definition of its mean-
ing. We have in our country a great many kinds
of written constitutions; but an exact idea of the
import of the word is, perhaps, not very generally
had.
Some years since, in the Senate Chamber of the
United States, two of the intellectual giants of the
last generation struggled for the mastery. They
were endeavoring to give adennilion to that word
-constitution. Websterand Calhoun have passed
away; but, thanks to the art of printing, their
thoughts still live. Mr. Calhoun, in his speech
in reply to Mr. Webster, on the 2Gth of Febru-
ary, 1833, defined the Constitution of the United
States to be a "compact" between the several
States.
Mr. Webster admitted that the " Constitution
was founded on a compact" between the \Yhole
people of the United States, and not between the
several States as States. I refer to these defi-
nitions, not to renew the controversy as to whether
our Constitution is a confederation of the people
or a compact between the States, but only to show
what these enlightened statesmen defined it to be.
I have always concurred with Mr. Calhoun in his
definition of the term. I think none other could
be properly given.
Mr. SINGLETON. I would like to know who
it is that the people make the compact with ? Who
is the other contracting party?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I will tell you. Ac-
cording to the definiticm of Mr. Calhoun, the Con-
stitution of the United States was a compact be-
tween the Slates; according to Mr. Webster's
definition, it was a compact between the people of
the whole country. The gentleman asks whom
the people of a State compact with > Why, each
man compacts with all the rest. A constitution j
may be defined to be the compactor contract made
by the citizens of n State, each one with all the
rest, defining the principles on which the associa-
tion is to be conducted. The citizens of a district
of country agree to form themselves into a body
politic; the individual members compact or sgree
to give up certain portions of their individual
rights, to take upon themselves ccrtain burdens in
consideration of the mutual advantages of secu-
rity, protection, and power, which flow from the
association.
This is the highest and most important compact
that ever has or ever can be made by the race of
man. None other is exactly like it or can com-
pare with it in the importance of its objects or the
greatness of its results. In every other compact,
after the agreement is drawn up, it must be rat-
ified and confirmed by the contracting parties. It
matters not how learned the attorney, agent, clerk,
or delegate employed to put the contract in form,
nor how greatly he may be celebrated for his wis-
dom and mtegiity, after he has completed his part
of the work the instrument is of no validity, it
remains a mere blank until it receives the appro-
bation of the parties.
Is it possible that we will be told the agree-
ment, contract, or compact of a sovereign State
docs not require as great solemnities as the most
trivial agreement between man and man. No, the
mere power to draw up a constitutional compact
gives no greater validity to the instrument drawn
than is given by contracting parties to a mere
clerk who embodies the terms of their agreement
in legal form. They are but agreements,unexe-
cuted, until they have received the approbation of
the high contracting parties—the one at the ballot-
box, the only way in which the people signify
their consent; and the other by the signature of
the prrties.- Here permit me to embody the lan-
guage of " the god-like Webster." Speaking of
the Constitution of the United States, he says:
" It is to lie remembered that, tlie Constitution began to
speak only after its adoption. Until then it was but a pro-
posal, a mere draft of an instrument. It was like a deed
diawn up, but not executed. The convention had framed
it, sent it to Congress, then sittingunder the Confederation.
Congress had it transmuted to the State legislatures, and
by the latter it was laid before the conventions of the people
of the several States. All this while it was mopeiative. It
had received no stamp of authority ; it spoke no language.
But when ratified by the people, then it had a voice, and
spoke authentically. Every word in it had received the
sanction of the popular will, and was to be received as the
expression of that will."
It can matter nothing whether we agree with
Mr. Calhoun or Mr. Webster in their definition
of the nature of our Federal Constitution; all I
desire to show is, that, after it was drawn, it had
to be ratified by the contracting parties. It mat-
ters not whether it is considered as a compact be-
tween the several States, or as a compact between
ihe people of the whole Union, still it was invalid
until it had the sanction of the people, whoso com-
pact or contract it was.
Mr. SINGLETON. Then I wish to know if
it be a compact, unless it be sanctioned and ap-
proved by all the people, is it binding on those
who refuse to give it their sanction?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. It. is a^ fundamental
principle of society that the majority shall rule.
The Constitution of the United States was a
compact between the seveial States, and the States
ratified it. A State constitution is a compact be-
tween the people of the State, and the people must
ratify it. I trust the honorable gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bocock] will notice how easy it is
to answer his ingenious argument, that the Con-
stitution of the United States was not ratified by
the people.
There are several kinds of eompaets, but I know
of none which does not require the consent of the
high contracting parties afterit is drawn. Leagues
and treaties are both international compacts, yet
after the terms of the instrument have been agreed
upon, and signed by the commissioners or dele-
gates of the contracting powers, the league or
treaty has no validity, until it is approved and
sanctioned by the sovereign power of the several
I nations interested. A constitutional compact is
J a branch of the same family, but hisrher in au-
' thority and greater in importance. What satis-
' factory reasons can be urged why delegates can-
i not hmd the nations for whom they compact in
! leagues and treaties, that will not apply with
i greater force, and more convincing clearness, to a
. constitutional compact? I confidently say there
j is none. The right of the people to ratify their
! constitution is such an important power, so mdis-
I pensable to good government, and such a safc-
| guard to national freedom, that I regard it as in-
| alienable.
But it would not weaken my position if I were
to admit that the people might delegate away this
ri<*ht; but in such a case, the terms of the grant
should be made in the clearest language, and the
most unquestionable form, buch a power is never
i| to be derived fiom mere inference. It could not
ji arise from a grant of the power " to form a con-
il stitution." This is clearly shown in the case of
'[ the Constitution of the United States. The power
was given to the convention " to form a eonstitu-
I: tion;" yet, the delegates, composed of the great-
!' est men our country ever produced, decide:! that
il after the instrument was drawn up, it should be
II submitted to the people for ratification. I
ii it may be said that the Constitution of the United
;j States was not submitted to a vote of the people;
but it was, under the direction of Congress, sub-
mitted to a vote of delegates chosen by the people
for that purpose; and the concurring actionot me
convention and of Congress shows mcontestably
that they esteemed the power to form, and the
power to ratify, as entirely distinct and separate.
Nor will it do to say, as the honorable gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Kejtt] did, in his
manly and eloquent specch, that State coostitu-
tions and the Constitution of the Uniteft -States
are different in character. • They arelsoth consti-
tutional compacts,- differing slightly in their pro-
visions, but exactly-identical iri character. " Mr.
Webster, in the great speech to ■which -I 'have
already referred, says: > 1 1
" We do not need to be informed in this country what a
constitution is. Is it not an idea perfectly familiar, defi-
nite, and well settled ? We are atiio loss to understand what
is meant by the constitution of one of the States; .and the
Constitution of the United States speaks of itself as being
an instrument of the same "nature.'1 " v -
This is the language of the gredtest cons®ti-
tional lawyer our country ever produced, and I
place his opinion against that of the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina.
Constitutions may differ in their]irovisions, but
still they are none the less constitutional com-
pacts; and being the basis on which the law-mak-
ing power rests-, are properly called fundamental
laws. The power of the Legislature to pass laws
must always be in subordination to the warrant
of attorney contained in the constitution. The
law-making power must act in strict subordina-
tion to the limitations of the constitution; and,
like all otheragents, when they exceed the powers
granted, their acts are not binding on the people;
hence it is called a fundamental law.
But, beyond this there is no resemblance be-
tween a constitution and a law, and the arguments
founded on such a resemblance have no solid foun-
dation. The consent of the people to the laws
passed by their Legislature is express, and not im-
plied, and is found in the warrant of attorney con-
tained in the constitution, which authorizes the
Legislature to pass laws. A law is from its very
nature an act of sovereignty. A law is defined to
be a rule of human conduct" prescribed by the'su-
preme power of a State." If the Legislature was
not supreme their legislation would not be bind-
ing, and would want the essential requisite.of a
law. If the Legislature were to pass a law which
was made dependent on the approval of the people
for its validity, such law, although afterwards ap-
proved by the people, would be void, because the
power of legislation must rest with, and be exer-
cised by, tile Legislature. W41 any one contend,
however, that, ifa constitutional convention were
to make the legal validity of the constitution de-
pend on the approval of the people, it would
therefore be void? No man will say so. And
therein consists the difference. Legislation is the
act of a supreme power, their act is a finality; but
a constitutional convention has only the power to
draw up the provisions of a compact; but its rat-
ification belongs to the contracting parties—the
people. The distinction is clear and obvious, and
no unprejudiced inquirer can_be misled by reason-
ing founded on analogies drawn from the acts of a
Legislature.
1 will conclude my remarks on this branch of
the case with the following quotation from the
Federalist, No. 43. Speaking of the old Articles
of Confederation, the writer says:
" Resting on no better foundation than the consent of tile
State t-iefrislatures, it has been exposed to frequent and m-
tricate question* concerning tlx1 validity of its powers; and
has, in some instances, given birth to the enormous doctrine
ot' a usjlit of legislative repeal. Owing it? ratification to a
law ofa Ptate,ithas boon contended that the same author-
ity mighi repeal the law by which it was ratified. However
gioss- a heresy it may be to maintain that a party to a com-
pact had a right to revoke that compact, the doctrine itself
ha* hud respectable advocates. The possibility of a ques-
tion of this nature piovcs the necessity of laying the toun-
dationsofour national Governinentdeeper than m the mere
.sanction of delegated authority. The falmc of Amotican
euipae ouffht to 4est on the ?olul basis of the conscntofthe
people. The streams of national power oivjht to flow im-
mediately from that pure,ouginal fountain of all legitimate
authouty."
I have thus shown, both by reason and author-
ity, that the constitution framed at Lccompton
! should have been submitted to a fair and full vote
of the people of Kansas.
j h is, however, contended that there are prece-
! dents where constitutions have been formed and
| put in operation without submission to the people.
! It might be a sufficient answer to say, that I have
j established the rule for which I contend frorn prin-
! ciple, and precedents can never change principles.
< Precedents are changed and molded by circunt-
p stances; but principles arc eternal and unehange-
i1 able. But I will admit that instances of this kind
I! may be found, but they prove nothing. In those
|! cases, the people waived their rights, and are
j i estopped by their acquiescence; but the people or
i! Kansashaveneverwaivedtheirs. The Lccompton
