1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
mounted. It was brought into discussion when
the Declaration of Independence was made, in
1776. It was presented to the convention of Vir-
ginia, which sent delegates to the Congress of
1774; and was never presented to a Congress of
the Colonies or States of the Union, without eli-
citing some difference of opinion, if not dissatis-
faction; and yet, for more than eighty years,
those difficulties have been overcome by a frater-
nal and liberal regard to the interests of the whole
country.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] in-
vited us, the other day, to go back to the course
of the fathers of the Republic; to deal with this
subject in their fraternal spirit, and according to
their teaching. I am willing to meet him on that
ground,and to meet Senators from the South on
the precise ground, to deal with the question as
it has been dealt with, in a spirit of candor and
frankness, with no desire to excite unkind feeling
in any one. It has become environed with diffi-
culties, which did not originally exist. I desire
the Senate to recollect the history of this contro-
versy. It has been made to embrace some points
which are contained in a recent decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, often referred
to in this debate, as to who are citizens; and also
the power of this Government over the Territo-
ries of the United States—questions which ori-
ginated before the. Constitution was formed, and
which, in myjudgment, were settled either before
the Constitution was made, or when it was estab-
lished.
If Senators will consult the record, they will be
in no doubt as to who were made citizens, and
none as to the powers of this Government in the
Territories. I will read as to the first introduc-
tion of slavery into these colonies. I do not find
the account to be, as stated by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] in 16*20. Mr. Jefferson,
one of the fathers, says:
" The first establishment in Virginia which became per-
manent was made in 1G07. I have found no mention inr.de
ofnegioes in the colony until about looU. The lir.-t brought
here as slaves wore by a Dutch bhip; ai'ter which the Eng-
lish commenced the trade, and continued it until the i evo-
lutionary war."
Mr. Jefferson is pretty good authority as to the
early history of Virginia, and he says slavery
was first introduced in ]6.">0 by the Dutch. Ef-
forts are now made to show that the trade was
commenced by England, and that slavery existed
by the common law. I do not know how that
may be, or that it is material; but the court in the
Dred Scott case say, that at
—" this day it u difficult to realize the state of public opin-
ion in relation to that unfortunate race winch pievailed m
the CkVihzed and enlightened portions of the woihi at the
lime of the Deelaiation of Independence, and when the
Constitution of the United States was ft amed and adopted.''
They had for more than a century before been
regarded as so far inferior as to have " no rights
which tho white man was bound to respect, and
that the negro might justly and lawfully be re-
duced to slavery for his benefit," &c.; that up to
tne time of the adoption of the Constitution this
right had not been called in question, or words to
that eflect; and that all public acts and records are
to be construed in reference to the opinions pre-
vailing at the time they were written, and not as
if written in our day, with our enlightened and
humane opinions of that unfortunate race, &c.
But to return to tho history of A frican slavery in
the colonies, which was introduced into Vir-
ginia m 1650. I find in the annals of Rhode
Island that in 1G52 the government there passed
this order:
" Wheiea^ there is a common coarse practiced amongst
English men to buy lingers, to that end they may have them
for&eivice ot slaves longer; for the pievcntingc of such
practices amour us, let it be ordered, that no blaeke man-
kind or white, boing torced by covenant, bond, or other-
wise, to serve any man or his assighnes longer than ten
yeares, or until] they come to b'<« twentie-four yeares of
age, if they bee taken in under J4 hom the time of their
commge vvitlnn the liberties of tins collome. And at the end
or terme of ten yeaies to sett them free, as the manner is
with the English hervants."—
That does not look much as if, by the common
law of England, they were held longer.
—" And that man that will not let them goe free, or shall
sell them away elsewhere, to that end that they may bee
enslaved to others tor a long time, liee or they shall torfeit
to the coilomc forty pound-/'
I suppose that is about us early a law for the
prevention of slavery as can be found upon rec-
ord. The next law, I suppose, was made against
the Dutch slave trade, and was in this form:
" Ordered, That all Dutchmen, except inhabitants amongst
u>•*, are prohibited to trade with the Indians in this collome;
and in case they bee found to transgresse herein, they shall
forfeit to the collonic goods and vessell if proved; and this
oi der to bee in force two months after the date hereof; and
if this case come to bee tryed, it shall be tryed in the Gen-
erall Court of Tryalis,
" The President. Mr. John Smith, is chosen Moderator of
the Assembly this 20th of May, 1652.
" Ordered, That the President shall give notice to the
Dutch Governor of the Menadoes touching the lavve of
prohibition of trade with the Indians."
I suppose Menadoes means Manhattan Island,
on which the city of New York is now situated.
I do not recollect of any other place on our coast
where there was a Dutch Governor.
This legislation, (which is probably the earliest
to be found on this continent to prevent slavery,)
was before we had a charter from England; and 1
read it to show that in the earliest history of the
people of this country, when uncontrolled by the
power of England, or other commercial nations,
they had the same just notions of the rights of
men to hold others in slavery, that at this later
day they have in England. I call attention to
these old records on account of what is said here
in debate by Senators, who seem to think these
are new doctrines, and that to act upon them, or
believe in them, is an aggression upon the South.
They may be too old for present use, and I come
to the history of the times, referred to by the
court, and to the acts of the fathers of the Re-
public. I read from a paper written by Mr. Jef-
ferson, and laid before the convention of Virginia
in 1774, from which instructions were to be drawn
for the members from that State to the Congress
to be held in reference to our difficulties with
Great Britain, and to petition the King:
The abolition of domestic slavery is the great object of
desire in those colonies where it was unhappily introduced
in their infant state. But pievious to the enfranchisement
of the slaves we have, it is necessary to exclude ail further
importations fiom Africa. \'et our repeated attempts to
effect tin*, by prohibitions, and by imposing duties which
might amount to a piohibition, have been hitherto defeated
by his Majesty's negative : thus piefening the immediate
advantages of a few British corsairs, to the lasting interests
of the American States, and to tho rights of human nature,
deeply wounded by this infamous practice."
In this paper it is declared that the abolition of
slavery is " the great object of desire in the colo-
nies. " The next paper 1 will call the attention of
the Senate to is the original draft of the Declara-
tion of Independence, as reported by the commit-
tee to Congress. 1 refer to the clause in that
instrument which, Mr. Jefferson says, "was
stricken out in complaisance to South Carolina
and Georgia; who had never attempted to restrain
the impoitation of slaves, and who, on the con-
trary, still wished to continue it." That stricken
out was in these words:
lfe has incited treasonable insurrections of our fellow-
citizens with the allurements ot forleiture and confiscation
of our piopcity.
({lie has waged cruel war agains-t human nature itself,
violating its most eaeied lights of life and libeity m the per-
sons of a distant people who never offended him, captn ci-
ting and canying thoni into slavery m another hemis-phoie,
or !o incur miserable death in then ti-importation thither.
This piratical waifaie, the oppiobiium o( infidel powers, is
the w.ulaie ot the Ckustian King ol Great Bntain. De-
termined to keep open a market where men should he
bought and sold, he ha* prostituted hid negative for sup-
pressing every lesulative attempt to prohibit or to restrain
this execi able commeice. And that tin* assemblage of hoi-
rois might want no fact of distinguished die, he is now ex
citing tho>c very people to rise in arms among us, and to
pmeha&e that libei ty of which he has depnved them, by
murdering the people on whom he also obtruded tlieni: thus
paying off l'oimer cnmes commuted against the liherties
ot one people, with curries winch he luges them to commit
against the lives of another."
It ispropertosay thatalthough this was stricken
out, for the reasons assigned, its substance was
declared in another form, by saying, " he has re-
fused his assent to laws the most wholesome and
necessary for the public good;" which may have
included the one referred to by the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] as having been passed
by South Carolina in 1760, for suppressing the
slave trade, which he said the King refused his
assent to. At this period of our history there
seems to have been a stronger feeling against sla-
very than at any time since the adoption of the
Constitution. Not only in Congress, but in the
primary assemblies of tho people were such feel-
ings expressed, as was n atural, and often declared
that whereas we were about to assert our rights to
liberty, it was proper to recognize and assert the
right of all men to it. During the war of the Rev-
olution, Rhode Island passed a law giving to every
slave his freedom who would enlist in the service
and serve for a term of three years. Many did
so; and thus secured their own freedom and that
of their former owners. The court must have
forgotten,or overlooked, all these facts, so prom-
inent in our revolutionary history, or they would
not have felt it necessary to put a construction
upon instruments written at this period ofintense
love of liberty, and be compelled to restrict the
application of liberal doctrines to a single class of
men, when they declare if they had been written
in our time, they should have considered them as
embracing all classes.
I mean, however, to have no dispute with the
Supreme Court; although their decision has in-
volved this question in most of the difficulties that
surround it.
I ask the attention of Senators to these facts, to
show that this question of slavery, and the best
means to prevent its further increase in this coun-
try, was a prominent one with the people, with
their Representatives in Congress, and in the
convention which framed the Constitution upon
which our Government rests. In the convention
there were but two States that threatened not to
unite with the rest if power was given to Con-
gress to prohibit the slave trade before 1808—the
same two in complaisance to whom the clause
about slaves was stricken from the Declaration
of Independence; but the convention was more
successful than Congress was, for after they had
altered the Declaration, South Carolina voted
against it; and Georgia was divided, and did not
vote for it; whereas, the convention, by inserting
a clause in the Constitution, that Congress should
not prohibit the importation of such persons as
any of the States then existing should think
proper to admit prior to the year 1808, induced
both these States to adopt the instrument. By
inserting and adopting this clause in the Consti-
tution,'the importation of slaves was not sanc-
tioned or authorized by the convention or people;
for if the Constitution had either authouzed or
sanctioned it, being; the supreme law, no State
could have prohibited ituntil 1808, nor even then;
for at that time, this power, which had been in
abeyance so far as Congress was concerned, be-
came theirs to exercise, and was exercised by
them, and the States ceased to have anything to
do in the matter, though most of them had pro-
hibited the traffic before Congress acted. I think,
therefore, the court have used a little unsound
reasoning in trying to show that the people com-
mitted this Government to the support of slavery
by adopting this clause of the Constitution, which
snnply postponed the time when Congress should
prevent its further increase. This postponement
was not readily agreed to, as I had occasion to
show in a debate here eleven years ago, when
this same question was before the Senate. I then
read the remarks made in the convention by the
distinguished ancestor of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, who urged us the other day to go back to
the ways of " the fathers" upon this slavery
question. Upon this demand of South Carolina
and Georgia to withhold the power from Con-
gress for twenty y%ars, Virginia then said, by
Colonel Mason:
u This mfernat traffic oiiginated in the avarice of British
meichants. The British Government constantly checked
the attempt" of Vugima to put a stop to it. The present
question concerns not the importing States alone, but the
whole Union. The evil of having slaves was experienced
dunng the Kite wui. Had slaves been treated as they might
hnve been by the enemy, they would have pioved dangeious
instruments m their hands. But their folly dealt by the
slaves as it did by the Tories. lie mentioned the dangerous
insurrections of the slaves in Gieece and Sicily; and the
instructions given by Cromwell to the commissioners sent
to Virginia, to arm the servants and slaves, in case other
means of obtaining its submission should fail. Maryland
and Virginia, he said, had already prohibited the impor-
tation ot slaves expressly. Noith Carolina has done the
same m sub.-tance. All thi* would be in vain if South Car-
olina and Georgia be at liberty to import. The western
people are aheady calling out for slaves for their new
lands, and will fill that countiy with slaves, if they can be
got through South Caiohna and Georgia. Slavery discour-
ager arts and manufactures. The poor despise labor when
performed by slaves. They prevent the emigration of white?,
who leaily enrich and strengthen a country. Tney produce
the mo =t pc: melon® effects on manners. Every master of
