1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of that declaration. It was what we had always
understood as the true interpretation of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska law. We took our stand upon a,
and we cannot be driven from it now. Others
may abandon the doctrine of popular sovereignty;
but I pledged myself to my constituents to adhere
to it, and that pledge shall be redeemed.
Governor Walker adhered to this doctrine of
submission, and resigned his office rather than
desert the principles which he had been instructed
to support, and which he had pledged his party
to carry out. Secretary Stanton clung to this
inalienable right of the white man, and was dis-
missed from office for his devotion to the people.
The author of the Kansas-Nebraska bill insists
that its provisions shall be fairly interpreted and
honestly carried out, and Douglas is proscribed.
Governor Wise, Governor Packer, and the great
historian, Bancroft, refuse to strike the flag of pop-
ular sovereignty, and they are denounced as ren-
egades. The Democracy of New Jersey, New
York, all New England, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and California, de-
votedly and persistently adhere to the principles
of the Cincinnati platform, and demand that the
Lecompton constitution shall be rejected, and tbey
are read out of the party as desertersfrom thegreat
Democratic army. Thank God, the people of the
North are true on this question, and although they
may be betrayed and deeeived, they will never
abandon their devotion to the principles of self-
government, nor strike the Democratic flag.
I have thus shown that the Lecompton consti-
tution can be supported on neither principle nor
precedent. I have shown that it should have been
submitted to a full, fair vote of the people, and
that such submission was not had. I have shown
that we, as a party, were pledged to this submis-
sion by the Cincinnati platform; and that this
pledge was recognized by the present national
Administration in every act and declaration con-
cerning Kansas, until after the Lecompton con-
vention had refused to submit the constitution to
a vote of the people. I have shown all this from
the record, and from the constitution itself. I
have not gone behind the constitution, but I speak
from the record, and by the rccord. The consti-
tution shows on its face that it never was sub-
mitted for adoption by the people. I hope, there-
fore, I may hear no more about going back of the
record.
But even if I were to admit that the election of
delegates to a convention conferred on such dele-
gates the power not only to form a constitution,
but to force it on an unwilling people, still the j
Lecompton constitution would not be a legal in-
strument. Now, I freely admit that, where the
people have an opportunity to vote, and a part
of them refrain from yoting, that they are bound
by the action of those who do vote. Nor is it
material whether those who refuse to vote are a
majority of the people or not. This doctrine is
disputed by nobody on this floor, or elsewhere.
Yet it has been repeated, by every speaker on the
other side of this question, with a triumphant j
confidence in its power to overthrow the whole
opposition to the Lecompton constitution.
Permit me to say, once for all, that no man pred-
icates his opposition to the Lecompton constitu-
tion on the refusal of the free-State party to vote
—nothing of the kind. Our opposition stands on
higher and broader grounds. We say, that if all
other reasons should be abandoned, and were we
to admit your premises, still you cannot sustain
that instrument, because the whole people of Kan-
sas were not represented nor permitted to vote.
Nineteen of the thirty-eight counties were not re-
gistered—had no delegates apportioned to them,
and were not permitted to vote. Some weeks ago
we were told by gentlemen on this flo^r, that a
part of these counties were annexed to otner coun-
ties for election purposes, and it is true that they
were so annexed for some election put poses, but
not for the election of delegates. No man could
vote unless he was registered. No registry was
made in nineteen counties, and therefore no votes
could be given in those counties; they were all
disfranchised. Four of these counties were com-
paratively old and thickly settled, and gave at the
election m October over nineteen hundred votes,
nearly as many a.s were cast at the June election,
for the Lecompton delegates, in all the rest of the
Territory. The people of Kansas were not per-
mitted to vote for delegates. The sixty delegates
were apportioned amongst nineteen counties; the
other nineteen counties had no delegates and no j
right to vote. It is idle mockery to say that the I
people of those counties did not desire to be regis-
tered. It was the duty of the Legislature to have
them registered. All the officers of the Territory,
it must be remembered, were appointed by the Le-
gislature; they were notelectedby the people, and
were not responsible to the people. They were
the creatures of the Legislature, and it should
have seen that they discharged their duty faith-
fully.
The question presented is not whether the peo-
ple voted or did not vote, but whether they had
the privilege of voting; and the record shows that
they had not. We are asked to decide that one
half the counties of the-Territory of Kansas can
disfranchise the other half, and can elect delegates
and force a constitution, not upon themselves, but
upon the people of the whole Territory. We are
told that the constituent is bound by the act of
the representative; but nineteen counties had no
representatives. Were they bound? If a portion
of the counties of the Territory can bind the rest,
where will your principle stop? If one half of
the counties of a Territory can act for themselves
and the other half, why cannot five or ten coun-
ties act for the whole? Such a principle once
recognized, then farewell to all free government.
Nineteen counties are not represented in the con-
vention, and yet we are told that they are bound
without representation, or even the right of rep-
resentation. If this is not despotism I do not un-
derstand the meaning of the term. You tell me
that the Lecompton constitution is a legal instru-
ment. What legislative power exists in our Gov-
ernment to deprive the people of representation,
and bind them by the act of the representatives of
others ? If that is- legal, then we do not live in a
Republic, and our revolutionary fathers braved
the dangers of battle in vain. Nor is it an answer
to say that the number disfranchised was not large.
The principle is the same, whether the number
was small or large; If we concede the right to
disfranchise two thousand voters in four counties,
we concede the principle on which our Govern-
ment rests. If we can deny two thousand men
their rights, we can deny the same to ten thou-
sand, and_ free government is at an end. Then,
if we were to concede to the Lecompton conven-
tion the power to form and put in operation a con-
stitution, such constitution could only extend to
the nineteen represented counties, and not to the
nineteen unrepresented. So much for the legal-
ity of the proceeding.
It is claimed, as a kind of an apology for for-
cing this Lecompton constitution upon the people
of Kansas, that the whole constitution, or any of
its objectionable features, may be changed at any
time by the people. If this were even true, it
would furnish but a poor excuse for depriving the
people of their rights. If the people possess this j
power to "make and unmake constitutions" at j
their will, it belongs to the people of Kansas now,
and we cannot deprive them of it. If such an
extraordinary, supreme, and inalienable power
exists, why deny its exercise at this moment to
the people of Kansas ? If the people of Kansas
had the righttodrawupandadoptaconstitution,
and the power to change or abolish it belongs to
them, they have a perfect right to exercise that
power now.
The right which is claimed is, that the people
■ who form a constitution have an inherent right to
alter or abolish such constitution whenever they
determine to do so, even if the constitution pro-
vides that it shall not be changed.
Admit this doctrine to be correct, and what be-
comes of the Lecompton constitution ? Let us
examine that question. The Lecompton consti-
tution was adopted .as it is claimed, on the21st of
December last. Before that date the legally elect-
ed Legislature of the Territory passed a law, sub-
mitting this constitution to a vote of the people,
to be adopted or rejected, on the 4th of January,
1Sj8; the election was held, and a majority of near
ten thousand votes were cast against it. The peo-
ple abolished it. Noxv, if they have this right to
altei or abolish the constitution, for which the
President and a very few southern members con-
tend, the Lecompton constitution has been abro-
gated and has no legal existence. I cannot con-
ceive the mode in which the ingenious advocates
of the admission of Kansas will extricate them-
selves from the difficulties which attend this posi-
tion. It will not do to contend that the power-to-
alter or abolish only arises after the State is adJ
mitted; for if the people have the pqvra* to forto
and adopt a constitution, the rightto amend orab-
rogate it, if it exists, mtist.arise at the same tim'e, ■
There is nothing in the act of admission which
gives any power of amendment. All the advent5
age which they derive from being admitted into
the Union i^ that they are placed on" an equality"
with the sister States. But " the power to frame
and regulate their domestic institutions" existed
before their admission as full and ample as it doss
afterwards. And'if w% construe the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill into an enabling act, and derive the
power to form a constitution from the language I"
have just quoted, then the word " regulate" can
have no other meaning than to change "their insti-
tutions" after they have been " formed." They
are to be " formed" first, and then " regulated"
afterwards. I defy the ingenuity of man to show
a reason why this power to alter or abolish a con-
stitution, if" it exists.is not possessed by the peo-
ple as fully before their admission into the Union
as a State, as it-does afterwards. And if it exists,
then the Lecompton constitution has been abol-
ished by the people ofKansas in a legal and formal
planner, and in subordination to, and with'the
full approbation of, the legislative power of the
Territory.
If we admit Kansas into the Union, and thus
give validity to the Lecompton constitution', can
that constitution be changed previous to 1864, or
in any other manner than that pointed out in the
instrument itself?
I entirely concur with the honorable gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] that no such
power exists.
If the Lecompton constitution is a legal instru-
ment, I have not the slightest hesitancy in sayirig,
that no authority to change it will exist until 1864;
and then only in the method pointed out in the
instrument itself. If the constitution is a com-
pact, then most clearly the people who made it
arc bound by its stipulations, and have no power
to change it except in the method pointed out
in the instrument itself, unless the change were
made by unanimous consent of the people. But
I am told that there are precedents for such a
change. Precedents are of little value where they
are in violation of well-settled principles. Where,
however, various precedents can be found con-
sistent with each other, and generally acquiesced
in, they have almost the force of a law; but where
they are contradictory, they lose their importance
as elements of proof.
In 1846, the people of New York undertook to
change their constitution, in violation of its pro-
visions. Very recently, a case came before the
court of appeals, the highest legal tribunal in that
State, which involved the validity of one of the
piovisionsof this amended constitution—and the
couit decided that the limitations imposed on the
Legislature by the constitution of 1846 were not
binding. So much for that precedent. I am not
familiar with one other case which has been
quoted, and I therefore will not discuss it,
I have been told that the constitution of Penn-
sylvania was changed by the people. I admit it;
but in that case the constitution of 1790 had no
provision prohibiting nor limiting the power of
amendment. The constitution of 1790, in the
progress of time, had been found defective in
many respects. The garment that once fitted the
boy was found to be much too small for the full-
grown mail. Amendments werealmostimlispen-
sably necessary; and after a great deal of con-
troversy amongst the best lawyers-on the subject,
a convention of the people assembled at Harris-
burg, and a memorial was drawn requesting tke
Legislature to provide by law for the election of
delegates to a convention to amend the constitu-
tion. The Legislature passed the law; the dele-
gates were chosen; the constitution was amended;
and the amendments agreed upon were submitted
to a vote of the people, and ratified.
Now let us apply this precedent to Kansas. In
the first place, a convention of the people must be
called. Now, will any one tell me what number
of members of that convention took the oath at
the election on the 21st of December to support
the Lecompton constitution? It will be remem-
bered that the constitution provides the manner
and fixes the tune in which it shall be amended.
