112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21.
cnssion has progressed from the presence of the
Senate, I suggested that I would make a motion
to refer so much of the message as relates to ter-
ritorial affairs to the Committee on Territories.
The Senator from Pennsylvania may proceed
with his speech on that motion, the same as on
the pending question. If that change will expe-
dite business; I cheerfully accede to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. With the un-
derstanding that the Senator from Pennsylvania
shall have the floor on that motion, as he now
has on the motion to print.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course.
Mr. BIG-LER. That will be satisfactory to
ntie.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I will
now offer my substitute for the proposition of
the Senator from Illinois, in regard to the print-
ing of the message.
Mr. DOUGLAS. After the resolution of the
Senator from Arkansas is disposed of, I will
make my motion, in order that the Senator from
Pennsylvania may make hi§ speech on it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
from Illinois accepts my resolution as a substi-
tute for the one he offered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I withdraw the original res-
olution, in order that the Senator from Arkansas
may make a new motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be withdrawn
by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved^ TJuit the usual number of copies, and fifteen
thousand additional e<>pio«s, of the annual incx^c of the
President ol the United States and accompanying docu-
ments be punted for the use of the Senate.
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It must be referred, under
the rule.
Mr. F1TZPATRIOK. The standing rule re-
quires it to be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
It was so referred.
Mi\ DOUGLAS. I now move to refer so much
of the President's message us relates to the Ter-
ritories to tin; Committee on Territories,in order
that the Senator from Pennsylvania may have the
floor on that motion.
Mr. VUGGS. T understand that that motion
will lie over until one o'clot k.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania can call it up whenever he desires to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered.
CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.
Mr. BIGGS. In the mean time I wish to call
up n resolution I had the honor to introduce some
days ago in relation to a recess. I believe it is
conceded on all hands to be the former practice
of both Houses of Congress not to do any busi-
ness during the holidays. I think it, therefore,
proper, particularly since the operation of the
new compensation act, that we shall now set a
precedent for adjourning over during the holi-
days. I can see no propriety in meeting here
merely as a matter of form, for the purpose of
adjourning. If the former practice obtained in
consequence of the former mode of compensation,
that reason is disposed of by the new compensa-
tion bill. Indeed, if that reason operated at all,
the new compensation bill shows the propriety
of the present resolution to adjourn over during
the holidays, when we do not expect to transact
any business. The resolution is well understood
by die Senate, and therefore I shall not consume
time on ir. I hopu the resolution will be Liken
up, considered, and adopted.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. On
Saturday evening the .Senate had under consid-
eration ajomt resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives making some change in the compen-
sation law. We adjourned while that subject
was under consideration. My point is, that that
is the first subject in order this morning, and it
cannot be superseded except by a vote of the
Senate. I desire to have that measure taken up
this morning, and disposed of. I think we can
dispose of it before the hour of one o'clock arrives;
and it is quite as important, perhaps more so to
members generally, than the proposition of the
Senator from North Carolina. If it comes first
in order. I shall insist upon its being taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the point made by the Senator from Georgia is
well taken; but the Senate may change the order
of business.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 now ask that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of that joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. BIGGS. 1 will suggest to the Senator
from Georgia that the point he makes, so far as
the unfinished business is concerned, in my opin-
ion does not obtain until one o'clock, it seems
to me that one o'clock is the proper time, accord-
ing to the rules, when the Unfinished business
undisposed of at the last sitting comes up tegu-
larly. Petitions, reports, and resolutions are the
morning business for one hour, unless the Senate
thinks proper to take up and dispose of other
business. The joint resolution named by the Sen-
ator from Georgia was the business undisposed
of at the last adjournment, and does not come up
regularly until one o'clock. Then I admit it will
come up regularly as the first special order, being
the unfinished business undisposed of at the last
sitting. That is my impression of the rules, with
due deference to the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. IVERSON. I am willing to accommodate
gentlemen in this matter. The Senator from Pcnn-
! sylvama is anxious to proceed with his speech on
' the Kansas question; and if we take up either of
these measures, we shall probably go beyond the
hour allotted to him. I therefore suggest to the
Senator from North Carolina that we lay both
our propositions aside for the present, and that
we allow the motion of the Senator from Illinois
to be taken up, on which the Senator from Penn-
sylvania can proceed with his speech. After that,
we can take up cither one or the other of these
propositions.
Mr. BIGGS. I would adopt the suggestion
of the honorable Senator from Geoigia at once,
were it not that it is important, if this resolution
is to pass at all, that it should pass immediately,
in order that the House of Representatives may
act on it. lthas been postponed now for three or
four days. The proposition is, that, when the
two Douses adjourn on Wednesday next, they
shall adjourn until after New Year's day. We
mustgive time to the House of Representatives to
act on it.
Mr. IVERSON. I will be amiable, and yield
to the irenlleman.
The'VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from North Carolina,
to take up the resolution indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, which directs
that when the two Houses adjourn on the 23d in-
stant, they adjourn to meet on the 4th of January.
Mr. GREEN called foi the yeas and nays oil
the adoption of the resolution, and they were
ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays
1:2; as follows:
YEArf—Musm-s. I ayard, TCelf, Th'iijamm, Pigs*, Higlur,
findit, Hiodem-k, Chandler, Clay, DaVi<;Oi\oni Doolittle,
j Pmkee, Kva'w. Fitch, Fit/.pdtuck, Foot. Fo.-ter, Hale,
i Houston, lluntM, Ivoisoit, Johnson of Aikan*<i-, Jono^,
i Kennodv, Kmir, Ma-on, Putri], ileal, Seward, Thomson ot
' New Jfi-ey, TiuinhiiiJ. Wilson, and Wi^ht—Hi.
| Allen, i3>o\\n, Claik, (Jollamo;, Fe^sen-
j don, (jlieen, frwin, iJamhn, Johnson of Tennessee, Polk,
1 Htuaif, and Wade—1"J.
! So the resolution was adopted; and the Seere-
i tary was directed to ask for the concurrence of
| the House of Representatives.
| PRINTING OF TI-IE TREASURY REPORT,
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the
; following resolution; which was referred to the
! Committee on Printing:
| Resolved, That the annua) report of the Secretary of the
: Trea-uiy on tliehnances, with the document5: communica-
ted theiovvith, he punted; and that ten thousand additional
onpif^ of the ?amfi be punted for the use of the Senate, and
five hundred additional copies for the use of tho Trea&uiy
Department.
NEW CUSTOM-HOUSES.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Reiolved,Thte the Committee on Commerce he instmctcd
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropiiation
for riie constiuctnn of a custom-house at Keokuk, in the
State of Iowa. Also, as to the propriety of making Sioux
City a port of dehveiy ; and of making an appropiiation for
the construction of a custom-house at tlte latter piuce.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. GWiN. I have been instructed by the
select committee on the Pacific railroad, to present
the following resolution; and ask for its imme-
diate consideration:
Resolved, That the select committee on the Pacific rail-
road be authorized to employ a clerk at the usual compen-
sation.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I offer the following reso-
lution; and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That each of the standing committees of the
Senate, enumerated m the 3-1 th rule, he authonzed to em-
ploy a clerk, with the exception of the four following com-
mittees, which shall not be entitled t«> a clerk; to wit:
1. The Committee on the Lihiarv.
2. The Committee on Engios-ed Bills.
3. The Committee on Entol<lcd Bills.
4. The Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate; and that the clerks so employed,
shall receive a compensation of six dollars per diem dui nig
the time of their actual service.
Mr. PUGH. I think this proposition had bet-
ter be amended, so as to supersede former special
resolutions in relation to seveial committees, and
then it will be general. There arc now, I think,
standing resolutions of the Senate, authorizing
the Committees on Finance, Printing, and Claims,
to employ clerks at a higher rate of compensation
than this resolution allows. If it is intended to
reduce those compensations, it would be better
to have a repealing clause. I am in favor of the
resolution, but I do not wish to have the difficulty
arise hereafter of a conflict between the orders of
the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I think this resolution con-
forms to the practice. I do not think it enlarges
it at all.
Mr. PIJGH. Is it understood to repeal the
resolution offered by the Senator from Virginia,
at the last Congress, making the clerkship to the
Committee on Finance permanent?
Mr. HUNTER. If it does, I ask that it may
lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over if objected to.
Mr. EVANS. I will offer an amendment,
which will obviate the difficulty, to add:
Except the Committees on Finance, Claims, and Punt-
ing, whoso clerks shall receive an annual compensation of
$1,8.50. .
That covers the whole ground.
Mr. HUNTER. With that amendment I shall
not object to the resolution.
Mr. BRIGHT. If I understand the proposi-
tion now, the object is to give to the three clerks
just named by the Senator from South Carolina,
an annual salary of $1,859.
Mr. HUNTER. It keeps up the old practice.
It does give to these three clerks a permanent
salary.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am opposed to making part
of the clerks permanent, and not the whole. I
think it would be much better to give the clerks
to committees $l,50«)ayear each, than to give
part of them a per diem and make a portion of
them salaried officers. I prefer that the matter
should he over, at any rate, for the present. I
object to the consideration of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over under the lules.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FOSTER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to continue the im-
provement of the navigation of the river Thames,
in the State of Connecticut.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON , in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S
No. 18) to appropriate one million acres of the
public lands of the United States for the benefit
of free public schools m the District of Columbia;
which was read the first time, laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave tn bring in a bill
(S. No. 19) to continue the improvements in the
harbor of Newark, New Jersey; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 20)
to amend an act entitled " An act to provide for
