2222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
of labor, and the difficulty of obtaining the mate-
rials necessary to carry on the wortr, may per-
haps have made this building cost more than it
ought to have done.
But the gentleman tells you that too much
money has been expended at Oswego, New York.
Why, what have we to do with that ? .These are
estimates furnished by the Treasury Department.
Congress has already appropriated large sums of
money for these points. The buildings are in
course of erection; and are you going to stop now
and throw away all you have done, and years
afterwards begin again? Or will you go on and
complete the works as you ought to do, and as
the wants and interests of the country require you
to do? It does seem to me that when the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had these various
estimates before them, they ought to have seen
that upwards of two million dollars has been ex-
pended at New Orleans, and that $300,000 was
necessary to carry on the work and complete the
building. Wh y do they propose to stop the work ?
Because they say the Treasury is embarrassed.
Why is it embarrassed ? Is it because this cus-
tom-house has been improperly built or too much
money has been expended upon it ? If it is not,
there is no just reason why the money should
r.ot be expended'on it now that is necessary to
complete it. The Committee of Ways and Means
have reported an appropriation of #800,000 for the
Washington aqueduct, and $1,000,000 for the
Capitol extension, and it seems to that when they
were doing that, they ought to have shown some
respect to other sections of the country. I do
not complairr of these appropriations which they
have recommended, for I am ready and willing at
all times to vote for any sums which are esti-
mated for by the Treasury Department; and if we
have not got the money, let us borrow it and go
on and complete these buildings.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana had better find out how I vote upon that
aqueduct appropriation before he undertakes to
arraign me before the House on that subject.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Your committee reported it.
Mr. LETCHER,. Ah, that is another thine;.
But when I vote against it, as I shall do, that will
be at least my justification before the country.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Louisiana has
been very particular to say nothing at all about
the sinking of the ptles of this New Orleans cus-
tom-house, although it is to be found on page 105
of the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in a report fi oin this identical gentleman, Mr.
Bowman, whom lie so strongly relies on. He
says there:
The building sfill condnucs to settle, but with ;i dimm- j
ished ratio, a-- the accompanying table s-how^. Whether
tlu  dociea-ed r.mo (a-? compared with former years, when
moie xvcisiht w«i  added m a given tune than ha-  been added
tliH yi'iir.) i-i due to the le-.s weight added, or to the f:nn
thai it ha-, reached firm giound,cannot be a^eeitained with
aeeurac)
Maximum settlementsmcc Dec. 6,1851,19 339 1000 inches.
Minimum " •' J1-J9IOO
Mean " "   " 1.5 07 100 «
Maximum settlement during year end-
ing September, 1S57.. •  2 97-100 "
Minimum settlement dunng year ending
Septembci, 1857 :  75 100 "
Mean settlement duung year eudmg Sep-
tember, 1837 ".  171-100 «
Now, I put the question to the House whether,
when it is reported here by the officer in charge
of the construction of the building, that the build-
ing at New Orleans, on which we have expended
over two million dollars, and which will require
something more than two million more to com-
plete it, is sinking, they are going on to expend
that additional sum when the building is settling
and sinking in such a manner as to jeopard it very
much?
Mr. DAVIDSON. What are you going to do
with the building 5
Mr. LETCHER. If evidence is furnished to
me that a house which has been begun is not going
to stand, I shall quit right there, and not spend
more money upon it; and when it is demonstrated
to me that a house which is in process of build-
ing, is sinking under every row of stone,that is j
put upon its waiis, I think it is timoto stop and
be^iii to ascertain the result of the expenditure.
But there is another thing in this connection.
Why is it, I ask—the gentleman from Louisiana
does not explain it satisfactorily to me at Wst—
that it inquires so much more to commence and
prosecute the work on this eustom-hojise at New
Orleans than it took to build a custom-house at
New York ? The gentleman says that it is owing
to the increased price of provisions and supplies.
Now, mark you, it took $1,105,000 to build acus-
tom-house at New York; and you have already
spent $2,675,000 on the custom-house at New Or-
leans; and you are now asked for enough to make
it up to $3,000,000.
Mr. DAVIDSON. It is twice as large as the
New York custom-office.
Mr. LETCHER. Why should it be-twice as
large? If the business is not as great as that in
New York, where is the necessity for a house
twice the size to do it in ? I apprehend there is
none. Then, sir, it seems to me that, upon every
fair principle, it is time that we should look into
this matter.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I would ask the gentleman
if he knows how much the warehouses at New
York cosKhe Government?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know how much
they cost; but I suppose that the warehouses are
not in larger number than is necessary to acco-
mmodate the goods to be stored. I suppose the
gentleman does not mean to contend that the cus-
tom house at New Orleans is to supply the place
of all the warehouses.
Mr. DAVIDSON. They are already in the
custom-house.
Mr. LETCHER. Then it must be because
there is far less trade there than there is in New
Yoik.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Look at the statistics, and
you will see. I now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. EUSTIS. I renew the amendment. Mr.
Chairman, I have to say, in answer to the re-
marksof the gentleman from Virginia in reference
to the soil of Louisiana, that I am not responsible
for the quality of that soil, nor for the difficulties
which we have to encounter in the erection of pub-
lic buildings. What the gentleman from Louis-
iana has complained of has happened in the erec-
tion of every public buildmg^of large dimensions
in the city of New Oileans. If the gentleman will
look on page 117 of the report of Captain Bow-
man, ho will find it there stated, in reference to
the marine hospital at New Orleans, that the soil
was so compressible that piling was found neces-
sary, and that piles have been driven under the
whole building, sufficient, as it is believed, to se-
cure it from danger of settling.
But, sir, this is not the first time that objections
ofthissorthavc been made. Some thirty, or forty,
or fifty years ago—of course beyond my recollec-
tion—it was strongly believed that three-story
buildings could not be erected in.the city of New
Orleans. After a while the eyes of the people
were opened, and they found that buildings of
three, four, and five stories could he erected.
It is true that this custom-house has settled
enormously since the work was first begun; but
by referring to the very tables which the gentle-
man has introduced, we find that within the last
year it has only settled one inch, while for the
previous years the average has been two inches
per year; so that his arguments that the building
sinks more with every new layer of stone, do not
follow at all from his facts.
We might as well hold Captain Bowman, or
the contractor for building the custom-house in
New Orleans, responsible for the soil of Louisiana;
you might as well hold me responsible for the
crevasse that has lately taken place; you might
as well say that because a part of our country is
under water, that therefore we shall not have our
custom-house completed. There is as much force,
there is as much reason, there is as much logic
in that proposition as in the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia.
The gentleman misunderstood mo in another
point. T did not say that the work for the com-
pletion of that custom-house was all under con-
tract. When I said the work was under contract,
I said it as a general remark. I made the remark
because it was so stated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in his letter upon the subject, and be-
cause it was so stated in the report of Captain
Bowman, who has charge of the work. And I
have seen no reason whatever, in the asguments
which have been maue by gentlemen against this
amendment, why tins appropriation should not
be made. If the House will consider this matter,
if they will give it one minute's attention, they
will find that, according to the substance of the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury and the
communication of the engineerwho has charge-of
the work, the Government will absolutely make
money by voting these appropriations.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. EUSTIS. I will.withdraw it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to the gentleman's
withdrawing it; I wish to speak in opposition to it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I give notice to
the gentleman that I shall insist on his confining
himself to the amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Very well. In the first
place I am opposed to this §500,000 for the Treas-
ury extension, for the reason that I think the
Treasury building already is capable of holding
all the funds we have to put in it, or shall be
likely to have for some time to come;I can there-
fore see no reason why we should appropriate
$500,000 to complete the Treasury Department.
I think it would be much better to take care of
the money which we have in the old building.
And, sir, I am opposed to the original amend-
ment, certainly, so far as the appropriation for the
custom-house in Ellsworth, in the State ofMaine,
is concerned, where they collect §954 revenue,
while the building has cost §18,000, and the cost
of collecting the revenue is upwards of three thou-
sand dollars per year.
In Portsmouth, New Hampshire, the amount
collected is $5,034, while the cost of collecting it
is more than ten thousand dollars per annum.
In Oswego, New Yoik, the amount collected is
$6,000 per annum, and the cost of collccting it
§18,000.
In Newark, New Jersey, they collect the sum of
§384, at an expenditure of §1,500.
At Galena, Illinois, the amount of revenue col-
lected, is §763, and it requires an expenditure of
§625 to collect it.
There has been already expended at Ports-
mouth, §116,000 for a custom-house, where they
collect $5,000.
At Oswego, they have expended §113,000 for a
custom-house, where they collect §6,000 per an-
num.
At Newark, New Jersey, they have expended
§146,000 for a custom-house, at which there is
collected the sum of §384 per annum.
Now, I ask with what propriety can this com-
mittee vote the amount of money which is asked,
for by the amendment of the gentleman from Lou-
isiana in regard to the places I have named ? and
with what propriety can I be called upon to vote
an additional appropriation for Galena, in Illinois,
when we collect there §763, and have already paid
out §71,000?
For these reasons, Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment in regard to the Treasury ex-
tension appropriation, as well as to the amend-
ment which has been offered. And I am opposed
to it for another reason, which is, that this whole
question is now under investigation by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and yet that com-
mittee, having more information than this com-
mittee can possibly have, are not prepared to pass
upon it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Davidson, and renewed by Mr.
Eustis, and it was rejected.
Mr. GOODWIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Louisiana by increas-
ing the appropriation to §400,000.
I desire, Mr. Chairman, to reply very briefly
to the remarks made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher,] in regard to the custom-
house at the port of Oswego, as those remarks
are calculated to create a wrong impression in
regard to the facts, and to the business of that
port and that custom-house. In regard to the
custom-house at that point, I will say that the
contracts for the erection have been under the
supervision and control of the proper officers of
the Government. In regard to the making and
executing of those contracts I ^iave nothing to
say, because they are not drawn into question
here. I wili simply remark that the money has
been expended by the agents of the Government,
and the propriety and necessity of the expenditure
arc recognized by the Department, and the build-
ing so far completed that only a few thousand
dollars more is required to complete it so as to
enable the Government to use it. They are now
