160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 90,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
slaves is born a petty tyrant. They bring the judgment of
Heaven upon a country. As nations cannot be rewarded
or punished in the next worid, they must be in this. By an
inevitable chain of causes and effects, Providence punishes
national sins by national calamities. He lamented that some
of our eastern brethren had, as from a lust of gain, embarked
in the nefarious traffic. As to the States being in possession
of the right to import, this was the case with many other
rights, now to be properly given up. He held it essential,
in every point of view, that the General Government should
have power to prevent the increase of slavery."
This argument, as well as all other extracts I
have made from revolutionary documents, shows
the determination of our ancestors that the4' Gen-
eral Government should have power to prevent
the increase of slavery." No arguments in this
Senate, or reasoning in the court below us, can
conceal these facts. The feeling against slavery,
instead of being stronger now than when the Con-
stitution was framed,as the court have argued, I
think is just the reverse; for slavery has become
much more profitable since the adoption of the
Constitution than it was before; and interest has
a powerful influence upon the minds of men, even
in such questions. Ius from interest that the em-
igrants from southern States who are not slave-
holders desire Kansas to be a free State. The
slaveholder, from the same calculation of interest,
wants the uncultivated lands to be withheld from
the free laborers, and reserved for the profitable
employment of his slaves, when, by theirgrowth
or importation, he may have sufficient slaves to
cultivate them. The difference between the two
classes of men is, that the free laborer is here now,
and wants the land for cultivation-, the slave labor
is subject, to all the contingencies of a distantfu-
ture. The moral aspects of the question should
be considered elsewhere; the Senate is not the
place to discuss or decide such questions. I will
say a single word in answer to the repeated
charges from the other side of the Chamber, that
Senators on this side are all rabid Abolitionists.
I do not believe there is one here who can truth-
fully be called a rabid Abolitionist. I know 1 am
not one, never was, and never expect to be, in the
sense in which that teim is used by Senators of
the Democratic side of the Chamber.
So far as my vote in this body may contribute
to affect the measures of this Government, it shall
be given in the spirit of the Constitution under
which wo live—interfering with no questions de-
signed to be left With the States. I believe this
will best promote the happiness of all classes and
races of men among us; and, while I behove that
slaves are held in some States where the people
would be better oft' without them, it is their busi-
ness, and not mine. I shall not interfere with
such questions myself, or act with any party who
may propose such interference, if any such should
ever exist.
I can see no real cause of irritation between the
two sections, if those living upon the borders be-
tween the slave and free States will observe the
obligations of good neighborhood in their inter-
course with each other. With such a disposition
to observe the obligations imposed by the Con-
stitution, I can see no reason why the South
should be annoyed with the sentiments of the
people of dNtiintvStates. What could the people
of Rhode Island do to annoy them? They could
not molest them if they would, and would not if
theycouid. Whythis denunciation of the north-
ern States—distant Slates—fur any opinions they
may entertain on the question of slavery ? They
are not responsible for the irritation which arises
between the people in the immediate neighborhood
of slaves. I see no disposition at homo, and have
seen none for thirty years, to produce irritation
at the South. As to this controversy about Kan-
sas, it is made by the South itself.
Is this a suitable place to try the experiment of
forcing slavery into a Territory, a country with-
out laws, and where the only power winch has a
right to govern has abdicated government? fori
insist, whatever may be said about " popular sov-
ereignty," that this Government has the consti-
tutional power to govern the Territories. We
may, as we have done, authorize a Territorial
Legislature to participate, when a given number
of inhabitants have settled there; but this Kansas-
Nebraska act is the first instance in our history
where power was delegated to a Legislature with-
out reference to the population, and without con-
trol on the part of this Government over then-
legislation. Under the Constitution we have no
right to abdicate government anywhere, if that
instrument imposes upon us the duty of govern-
ment. Under the Articles of Confederation, nine
States had a right to establish a new government,
and abdicate government in the other four, if they
should not adopt it and come into the Union; but
when adopted, the Constitution has no provision
for abdicating government anywhere within the
territorial limits over which its jurisdiction ex-
tends. You cannot constitutionally withdraw
your authority from the States or the Territories.
So far as that instrument imposes upon you the
duties and obligations to govern, if laws exist
in Territories, this Government must see them
faithfully executed. They cannot place them-
selves or be placed by this Government beyond
its jurisdiction.
Mr. President, I regret that there is a design
here to make this Kansas question, not the cause,
for that lies deeper, but the occasion, for a sepa-
ration of these States. There are those who af-
fect to believe that the Union is a disadvantage to
them—those who have ''calculated its value."
This was said by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] but he did not say he had calculated its
cost, for no figures can represent the cost of this
Union; and, lightly as he may speak or think of
it, I believe it to be worth more than it cost to
the whole country, although the patriotic blood
and treasure sacrificed to secure it were enough
to enrich an empire. Let it be preserved: it has
blessings in store for us and our posterity, if we
but act according to its injunctions.
I do not propose to enlarge upon this topic; but
I do say that, so far as I know the objects of those
with whom I now act, they have no motive or
purpose to disturb the institutions of the South,
or to create any ill-feeling between the different
sections of this country; and, having lived some-
what longer than most of the Senator bore, I will
tell them all that I will act with no party, at any
time, that entertains or proposes any such meas~
urea. Sir, the warmest and closest party ties that
have existed with me have been severed. I do
not know where the party is to which I was proud
to belong; 1 do not know how, or by whom, it
was destroyed; but its principles will endure as
lung as this Government lasts. Most of the great
men who upheld them have passed away; but
they have left a history, and we shall leave its
principles, which will yet be acted upon, to the
prosperity and renown of our common country.
Others may have the honors, but that will make
no difference to you [Mr. Seward, who was m
in the chair] or to me.
Mr. President, I have made these references to
our early records to show what were the doctrines
of the fathers of the Republic. And these show
conclusively that the same opinions were held by
them that are now acted upon by Senators upon
this side of the Chamber; and what may appear
singular, they arc met by the same kind of com-
plaints and threats which have been used in this
" infected district," embraced in the States of
South Carolina and Georgia, from the Congress
of 1776 down to the present time. These States
were not suited with the Declaration of Independ-
ence as originally reported; they threatened the
convention, m 1787, not to unite with the other
States unless the Cuustitutiori was altered; and
both instruments were altered to suit their views
about slavery; and since this discussion com-
menced, every Senator who has spoken upon it
from the four States now occupying the original
territory of the two referred to, have threatened
us with secession unless this question is settled to
suit them; no other States seem so ready with es-
timates of the value of the Union, with plans for
peaceable secession, and inquiries of how it is to
be prevented, and extravagant estimates of the tc-
sources and power of a new Republic. Such things
would be alarming, if now made for the fust time;
but they have been the peculiar characteristics of
the same region for more than eighty years; and
yet they have been got along with in some way or
other, without much real danger to the Union.
It is but justice to these States to say that they
have furnished many patriots, many sound and
able statesmen, and have been regarded as banner
States for the high qualities of their distinguished
men. To all these threats of secession and dis-
union, I have only to say that, in my judgment,
we can get along better together than we can sep-
arately. It does not alter my mind about this to
hear the Senator from South Carolina sound, in
tones of triumph, that" cotton is king,"and rules
the commercial world; that the South have only
to fold their arms, and all nations must come to
their terms; that they need no connection with
the rest of the Unitea States, and very little in-
tercourse with the world. Well, sir, it is well to
feel pleasantly, and the South is a pleasant region:
they have a good country and profitable produc-
tions, and I rejoice with them at that; but this idea
that a State can isolate itself and live alone, is a
mistake.
I recollect to have read somewhere that a man
who thinks he can get along without the rest of
the world is very much mistaken; but thathe who
thinks the world cannot get along without him is
much more mistaken. It would be still more strik-
ingly the case with States than with individuals.
The Senator supposes, if they should refuse to
plant cotton for three years, the thrones of Europe
would topple and fall. This reminds one of the
tone of the English press just before our war with
thatcountry in 1812. They demonstrated that we
should come to a dead lock if we undertook to get
along without them; and as to maintaining a war
with them, that was only ridiculous. But we
fought them about three years and were just be-
ginning to learn the art of war, when peace was
made. If we had fought them three years more,
it would have been of little consequence to us
whether we renewed our trade with her people or
not; we should have made ourselves independent.
I am, however, in favor of commerce, if recipro-
cal; but with no degrading inequality or depend-
ence; and I have no notion of acknowledging
any such relation between this country and Eng-
land, or any other country, as was set up by them
before 181J2. I think the cotton planters are im-
bibing this English notion I have referred to, m
supposing that their staple rules; instead of this,
I think it likely that, if they stopped planting cot-
ton for five years, instead of overturning all gov-
ernments and all creation, as they fancy, man-
kind would learn to get along withoutcotton;*and
just before everybody bowed to them, they would
forget that there ever had been such a thing as
cotton used for their convenience. It is within
my life-time that this material has been exten-
sively cultivated in this country. It is a very
valuable crop, and ministers greatly to the profit
and comfort of man; and it is because of this that
the connection of the growers and workers of it
is most beneficial; two customers are better than
one for them. If we at the North did not consume
six or seven hundred thousand bales of their an-
nual crop, it would be difficult to find as good a
market for this, in addition to what they now send
to Europe for sale, I do not wish to see the South
dependent upon one market for the sale of their
great staples, and that market a foreign one. I
watch the prices of their products as closely as
they do, and appreciate their influence in our in-
tercourse with the rest of the world; and 1 never
have and never shall support a policy that gives
to oth«r nations a control of the market and the
prices of the leading productions of this country.
It is for these reasons, as well as others, that
we can do better together than we could without
the aid of each other. But if our pecuniary in-
terests were not improved by our Union, there are
others which cannot be forgotten. We shall al-
ways remember the past; we shall always have
the history of our revolutionary struggle, the
fame of our ancestors, the prosperity, the liberty,
and glory of a common country, and these are
the strongest and happiest ties that bind societies
and States together. Sir, I could say more of
the advantages of our Union, but I do not regard
it as m any immediate danger; though I regretto
have one of the cords weakened by any unkind
expressions.
Mr. President, much has been said of the right
of the people of a State to change their constitu-
tion without regard to the provisions it contains
for making such chango. The President has
said that if we admit Kansas under this constitu-
tion, it may be modified whenever it may suit the
people of the State to do it, notwithstanding the
action of the people may conflict with its pro-
