1858.'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l&l
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Simmons.
Senate,
visions; and many Senators have expressed the
same opinion. The Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] does not concur in this; nor does the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond;]
but the Senators from Missouri give the doctrine
a qualified approval, and others unreservedly ap-
prove the views of the President, as the true ver-
sion of their party's creed.
There are two modes by which the people can
change their constitutional form of government,
which are in accordance with the American idea
of popular rights: one is a constitutional mode,
and is to be exercised in conformity with the pro-
visions of their own agreement, or constitution;
the other, an inherent right, not controlled by com-
pacts or laws—a revolutionary right, which may
be a peaceful one, or may come to be a right to
fight in order to reform abuses and wrongs. This
last governments do not give, and cannot take
away.
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
showed us the other day, by an exhibit of his
researches into history and law, that the British
Government had imposed slavery upon their col-
onies, the Old Thirteen States, against the will of
the people of the colonies; and made an applica-
tion of the facts to sustain the positions of the
court in their reasoning in the Dred Scott case.
In reference to the iniquity of introducing slavery
into this country, it may be admitted that the
whole belonged to the mother country; and what
did " the fathers" say of it? They enumerated
this as among the acts of tyranny which justified
revolution; and, by fair analogy, we must admit
that if we impose slavery upon the people of Kan-
sas against their will, by adopting for them this
Lecompton constitution, we shall justify rebellion
and revolution on their part, to rid themselves of
a tyranny as odious to them as the similar crimes
against liberty were, which caused the revolution
of 1776. If the President refers to such a right
in the people of Kansas to remedy the wrong he
recommends us to inflict upon them, nobody will
question the soundness of his position; but that
will not excuse us for doing a deed so unreason-
able and unnecessary.
Is any one to gain by producing such a state
of things in Kansas? Are not the people there
already excited, nay, exasperated, by attempts
to impose slavery upon the Territory against the
will of the majority ? The question has ceased to
be one about slavery, and has become the more
serious one of the right of a majority to govern.
Can you expect a people, educated as Americans
are, peaceably to surrender such a right?
According to the doctiine of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act, as expounded by the party in the Cin-
cinnati convention,this attemptto legalize slavery
by a Territorial Legislature is clearly a usurpa-'
tion. They say Congress cannot legislate upon
slavery in the Territories, and the act itself says
they do not intend thereby to carry slavery into
the Territories, or exclude it therefrom. The
power of Congress to legislate upon slavery is
denied. It will not be pretended that Congress
can delegate a power to a Territorial Legislature
to do what it has no power to do itself. It has
been said in this Chamber that slavery is not es-
tablished in the States by positive enactment to
that effect, but by laws protecting the owners of
slaves in the right to the labor of slaves, and
their control over them,&c., by just such laws as
have been passed by the Territorial Legislature in
Kansas. It' it is by this species of legislation that
slaveiy is established, and if without such laws it
could not exist, as it appears it could not, it fol-
lows that Congress has delegated a power to the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas, which, accord-
ing to the doctrine of the party who did it, Con-
gress itself could not exercise. These laws were
made before they formed this constitution, which
included the result of them within it, and required
men to swear to support it, in order to vote upon
it as to whether they would have a further im-
portation of slaves or not. No freeman would
take such an oath; none should be required to
take any test oath to secure the right of franchise.
You, sir, would not take it; I would not. I would
not take one either to support this Lecompton
constitution, or to do as I pleased about it.
The Senator from Missouri, who reported this
bill, asked what harm there was in requiring a
New Series—No. 11.
man to swear to support the constitution or a cer-
tain code of laws, before he was allowed to vote?
I answer, it is an insult to his understanding to
require it. There is no such test oath anywhere
else, and there was no right to establish it in Kan-
sas. This test existed when the vote was taken
to determine whether or not they wished to form
a State constitution, and from this cause this con-
stitution with slavery is here against the will of
the majority of the people of Kansas.
Sir, I believe, as the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden] has said he did, that Congress
had power to prohibit slavery north of 36° 30';
and I also think it can be made to appear by the
very doctrines asserted by the court in the case of
Dred Scott,in which it is attempted to be denied.
In this case, the court would seem to have de-
cided a great many questions; and it would be
strange if some of them were not decided right.
There are but two that were directly connected
with the question of the freedom of the plaintiff,
and in someway with the question before us, and
they are all I shall notice now: one that the plain-
tiff was not a citizen; and the other, that Congress
had no constitutional power to prohibit slavery in
the territory where Kansas now is.
I have read the reasoning upon which the court
base their decision that a negro is not a citizen;
and I have heard the eloquent commendation of
the court,for making thedecision, pronounced here
by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.]
I understand it was decided that the plaintiff hau
no right in court, because no man, bond or free,
whose ancestors were brought to this country from
Africa and sold as slaves, could be a citizen of
the United States. The court give reasons for
this; the most prominent is, that the African race
is a degraded race. To prove this statutes of dif-
ferent States, prohibiting and punishing intermar-
riages between them and whites, are cited, and va-
rious penal statutes against people of color are also
cited; together with the laws of Congress for en-
rolling the militia, and those of New Hampshire
for the same purpose.
Mr. President, I have an interest in this ques-
tion of citizenship, and so have you. [Mr. Sew-
ard was in the chair.] We have not a title as
citizens which can be produced at any time and
anywhere, as the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Benjamin] has. His title to citizenship is upon
parchment, duly sealed; but how are we to estab-
lish ours, and our right to sue in a court of the
United States? We have no parchment under
seal to show it. If I were obliged to look for
yours, sir, I should not look where the court seems
to have looked for Dred Scott's, about jails and
whipping-posts, penitentiaries and penal statutes.
These are places where freemen lose their rights,
and not the places to find how or where they be-
came enfranchised. If I wanted to discover our
right to the blessings of freemen, I should not
look down into dungeons, but up to the source
from which theycome—just where the fatheis of
this Republic looked when they began the strug-
gle to obtain them.
Sir, on the morning of the 4th of July, 1776,
the people of this country were British subjects;
on the evening of that day, by virtue of the acts
of those they had authorized, they ceased to he
subjects, and became simply inhabitants of the
country. This definition included all within our
limits, bond or free; but they were not left so
long. The same authorized agents who had
changed them from subjects to inhabitants pro-
ceeded to form articles for a union of the several
States, and in these, the status of the inhabitants
was determined, as follows:
" The free inhabitants of each of the States, paupers, vag-
abonds, ani fugitives l'roin justice excepted, shall bo en-
titled to all the privileges and immunities of lies citizens in
the several Status."
There is nothing here about color; all the dis-
tinction they made was between free and slave,
and between the worthy and unworthy. None
were excluded on account of color, of race, or
country of birth; but all were made citizens who
were then on the soil, except the slaves and the
unworthy. This would seem to settle the ques-
tion as to who were then made citizens, and recog-
nized as such, until the adoption of the Constitu-
tion; and included therein as such, when that
instrument was adopted. The court, however,
appear to think the militia laws negativedthis
conclusion, and refer with "great confidence to ah'
early act of Congress, in 1792, organizingthe mi-
litia, passed by those familiar With the meaning
of the language of the Constitution, 'whieh says
that every " free, able-bodied, white male citi-
zen" shall be enrolled in the militia. ThSy also
refer to a similar prevision in a late law of New
Hampshire, which I suppose should be more con-
vincing, as that is a Free-Soil State. •'
These extracts from the laws, and like expres-
sions, the court seem to regard as conclusive that
none but whites can be citizens, or were regarded
as such by the framers of the Constitution, who
were members of Congress in these early times.
It is a little singular it did not occur to the court
that the use of the term " white citizens, "to des-
ignate those who should be enrolled, instead of
proving that there were no other " citizens,"
shows clearly that those who used that word
must have used it on purpose to discriminate be-
tween " white citizens" and " citizens" of some
color not understood to be " white;" for it is cer-
tain that, if there were no other than white citi-
zens, as the court insist, the use of the word
"white," as a term of discrimination, was an'ab-
surdity. - " •
This term, as one of discrimination among cit-
izens, was so common that it had become habitual;
and, until after this decision, arrested no atten-
tion: it was used when this Lecompton constitu-
tion was drafted, and was stricken out at the sug-
gestion of some member, that since this decision
of the court there were no other citizens than white
ones, and therefore no longer any necessity for
the use of the term.
I suppose this form of expression has been used
in constitutions or statutes from the time of the
Revolution to the last year to determine whether
the elective franchise in the different States should
be enjoyed by white citizens only, or by all citi-
zens; and has so determined the matter. If the
word was in the law or constitution, none but
white citizens voted; if not in, all voted, white
and colored That has been the case in Rhode
Island, and fsuppose in other States; and until
this late discovery of the court, nobody ever
thought of disputing its fitness and propriety.
I do not tjiink there needs to be any reconstruc-
tion of the court, for, I believe, if a similar ques-
tion were brought before the court, the late decis-
ion would be overruled. These decisions are not
like the laws of the Medes and Persians. The de-
cision of this court in the Dartmouth College case
was thought to settle a principle, which induced
our banks to refuse to pay the tax imposedptpon
them by the State, and the prevailing opinion at
the bar in Rhode Island was that the banks wou'd
be sustained by the court. The State brought tho
question here, and the court decided in favor o£
the power of tlie State to tax corporations. It
happened that I was appointed on the committee
to employ counsel in that case, and for that rea-
son remember the decision, and also remember
that, from the outset, I thought the right of the
State to tax would besustained. No such decis-
ion of this court will stand unless it has sound
reason and sound law to rest upon.
This question was decided when the public
mind was in a feverish state, and the court may
have unwittingly been affected by the excitement
—political excitements have great influence upon
men in caucuses and in Congress, and why not
in courts if it gets there ? and if it has got there,
wo must wait until it subsides, and trust that then
the errors it has occasioned will be corrected.
Mr. President, I think any man of candor who
will read the reasoning of the court in this case,
upon the power of Congress in the Territories,
will find enough to warrant the opinion I have ex-
pressed. The court say, that the clause in the
Constitution which says " Congress may make
all necessary rules and regulations respecting
the territory," &c., does not apply to territory
acquired since the adoption of the Constitution.
This is no doubt so; for it was not contemplated
that we should have additional territory when the
Constitution was adopted. But the court say
that the power to govern new territory is " the
inevitable consequence of the right to acquire ter-
ritory." And they furthersay, that Congress in
legislating for such acquired territory," exercises
