THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
"WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1857.
New Series....No. i
holding the courts of the United States, in the
case of sickness or other disability of the judges
of the district courts," passed July 29, 1856;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills; which were read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (S. No. 21) to divide the State of Iowa
into two judicial districts—to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
A bill (S. No. 22) for the relief of certain citi-
zens of Sioux City, in the State of Iowa—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the motion of Mr.
Douglas, to refer so much of the President's mes-
sage as relates to territorial affairs to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, no one has re-
gretted more than myself that the discussion on
the Kansas policy of the Administration has been
precipitated upon the Senate and the country.
I preferred to avoid discussion until the result of
the election on the slavery clause had transpired,
and until Kansas should present herself for ad-
mission as a State; but the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] deemed a different policy neces-
sary and proper, and no alternative was left to
the friends of the Administration but to respond.
I think I am duly sensible of the important and
delicate character of the subject to be discussed,
and I ara sure I never was more anxious to do
my duty; never more willing to sacrifice pride of
opinion, or to restrain passion anc| prejudice, in
order to see clearly the public good. That other
Senators are actuated by motives equally proper,
I have no doubt.
The Senator from Illinois has delivered wliat
may be termed a great speech against the Kansas
policy of the Administration. No man who
knows him will doubt his ability to make the most
out of any state of facts and circumstances before
him. Few men can equal him in this particular.
For myself, I make no such pretension; but, as
to our rights, privileges, and responsibilities, on
this floor weare equals. Fortunately in our pres-
ent difference, I thmk my cause the stronger of
the two, and on it I can rely with safety.
Now, sir, it would be idle to attempt to answer
the Senator's arguments, and controvert his con-
clusions, were I to concede the correctness of all
his premises. This I cannot do, and 1 shall show
why I cannot, at different points as I proceed.
This great speech of the Senator, with all due re-
spect, was, in my humble estimation, after all,
only a huge structure, resting on a very unsound
and insufficient foundation. He has applied the
facts and circumstances v/ith great skill in main-
taining his case; but he will pardon me for the
expression of the opinion that, in tone and temper,
in enlarged and sound theory, in practical and
useful suggestion, in generous tolerance of dif-
ferences with others, it will not, in my judgment,
command so much of public favor as any one of
the many former efforts of that gifted Senator. It
was his right—and no one will call in question
his motives—but I do not believe it was wise in
the Senator to precipitate the slavery agitation in
this body and in the country; nor can I under-
stand why he should have shown so much willing-
ness to weaken public confidence in the policy of
the men of his own party, whom lie assisted to
place in power, and who, at this critical moment,
wield the only functions of Government capable
of maintaining the public peace in Kansas; nor
why he should have indulged in sarcastic ridicule
when dealing with the views of the President.
The allegation that that able and accomplished
statesman had fallen into " fundamental error,"
as to the meaning of the Kansas-Nebraska law,
and the purposes of its authors, because he was
not in the country at the time of its passage, can
be estimated in no other light, and can subserve
8
no useful purpose for the Senatoror the country.
True, it answered to excite momentary gratifica-
tion on the other side of the Chamber, and chagrin
on this; but on neither side, nor in the country,
will the sentiment meet even a respectful response,
when the impulses of the hour shall have yielded
to sober reflection. The honorable Senator from
Illinois was not in the country when the Decla-
ration of Independence was enunciated, nor when
the Constitution was made; and yet he claims to
understand both these instruments, and the pur-
poses in view by their authors. Is this Kansas
law more difficult of comprehension ? Perhaps
it is. At all events, it has certainly required more
explanation at the hands of its author; and it
might seem that, so long as he finds it necessary
to explain what he meant every month in the
year, he could afford to pardon the President for
the commission of even "fundamental error."
But enough on this point. When the Senator shall
have persuaded the people of the United States
that the President does not understand the sub-
ject, I shall recur to it again.
But what will the honorable Senator say as to
the views of the late President, who was not out
of the country when the law passed, but partici-
pated in everystepof the struggle thatgaveitex-
lstence? He certainly understands the question;
and I have sufficient authority for saying that he
agrees with his successor on his Kansas policy,
and consequently differs with the Senator from
Illinois.
The most harmless part of the Senator's speech
is that in which, whilst making a broad issue with
the Administration, he has attempted to show that
the President's views sustain those expressed by
himself. He is certainly entitled to all he can
make for his cause 111 this way; but if there was no
great difference between the President and him-
self, there was then the less reason for making the
issue. The President's character for candor and
fairness forbade that he should withhold or give
the slightest coloring to any fact in the case, with
a view even of sustaining the conclusions at which
he felt required to arrive. Nor could he approach
the subject in a paitisan spirit. He has not cared
to deal with the follies, wrongs, and bitter feel-
ings which have been manifested on either side
I of the question, in or out of Kansas; but he has
' preferred to consider the present and the future,
and to determine what is best for the country, i
do not claim for him infallibility of judgment, for
that does not belong to humanity; but I do claim
for him the highest degree of patriotism and dis-
interestedness in all he has said and done on this
dangerous question. The idea that he would soek
to oppress any class of the people of Kansas, or
desire to impose upon them an odious Govern-
ment, should not be, and I trust is not, entertained
in any quarter; that he will not trifle with this, or
any other great question; and that, having recog-
nized the validity of the laws in Kansas, and the
right of the convention to make a constitution
and State government one day, he does not dis-
card that view the next, is but consistent with
his character for integrity of purpose, and clear-
ness of perception.
But what does the Senator mean by assuming
that the Kansas policy of the message is not an
Administration measure ? Does he mean that the
Cabinet do not agree with the President > I un-
derstand differently. Or does he mean that the
Administration, having laid down its policy, will :
hold that those who assail and denounce that '
policy do not oppose the Administration ? There
is surely no room for misunderstanding on this ■
point, and it is certainly not difficult to discover i
from the message of the President what that policy j
is. The Administration recognizes the legality of
the proceedings in Kansas, so far as they have
progressed in the matter of making a constitution
and State government preparatory to admission
into the Union as a State. They hold that the Le-
gislature of the Territory had the right to call a
convention of delegates to be elected by the people
to form a State constitution; that the convention,
when so formed, had the legal right to form a con-
stitution and submit their doings to the test of a
popular vote, or send them to Congress and ask
admission for the State under them; that the or-
ganic act having special reference to a controversy
about slavery, which involved the whole country,
the convention was morally bound to ascertain
the sense of the people on this feature of their do-
mestic policy, otherwise the spirit of the compro-
mise on this angry feud would have failed of its true
purpose so far as Kansas is concerned. They hold,
further, that when the State shall ask admission,
the constitution being republican in form, it will
not be a sufficient reason to deny her admission,
and thereby perpetuate the contest about slavery,
that the ordinary forms of State government,
about which there is seldom much controversy,
and which can be changed at any time, had notfirst
received the sanction of a popular vote; that this
proccss is safest as a general principle, but that,
under the clear terms of the organic law, it is a
question for the people and their representatives in
convention, with which the Federal Government
has now no right to deal; that, if the delegates
have acted in bad faith, they are.accountable to the
people who elected them, and not to Congress or
to the Administration. So much for the views
of the Administration.
Now I understand the Senator from Illinois not
only to deny nearly all these positions of the Ad-
ministration, and especially the right of the Legis-
lature to call a convention—for he has said the
law for that purpose was "null and void from
the beginning;"buthegoesfurther,and maintains
that to admit the soundness of all the positions
of the Administration, the State must not be ad-
mitted until the question of courts, corporations,
banks, and railroads shall be settled by a vote of
the people, and herein is the issue. As to the
power of the Legislature to call a convention, it
will be seen that the Senator comes in direct con-
flict with the views of Governor Walker, who,
in his inaugural address, held that the Legislature
was " the power ordained for that purpose." But
the most startling doctrine involved in this posi-
tion of the honorable. Senator is the assumption
that it is the right and duly of the Federal Govern-
ment to interpose between the people <if a Territory
and their own local representatives. This never
could liavebeenasound or safe practice as to any
State or Territory; but it is utterly out of the ques-
tion under the organic act for Kansas, which has
committed all domestic and internal affairs to the
people to be regulated " in their own way."
It is no matter of pleasure to me to recur to the
unpleasant difference between the honorable Sen-
ator and myself, the other day,touching the con-
sultation of Senators at his residence, in July,
1856, on the policy of the Toombs bill; but, how-
ever disagreeable the task, justice to myself re-,
quires that I should do so, especially since the
character of that conference has been misunder-
stood in certain quarters. Nothing was further
from my mind than to allude to any social or con-
fidential interview. The meeting was not of that
character. Indeed it was semi-official,and called
to promote the public good. My recollection was
clear that 1 left the conference under the impres-
sion that it had been deemed best to adopt meas-
ures to ad mit Kansas as aState through the agency
of one popular election, and that for delegates to
the convention. This impression was the stronger,
because I thought the spirit of the bill infringed
upon the doctrine of non-intervention, to which
I had great aversion; but with the hope of ac-
complishing a great good, and as no movement
had been made in that direction in the Territory,
I waived this objection, and concluded to support
the measure. I have a few items of testimony as
to the correctness of these impressions, and with
their submission I shall be content.
I have before me the bill reported by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, on the 7th of March, 1856, pro-
viding for the admission of Kansas a,s a State, the
third section of which reads as follows:
" That the following propositions bo, and the same are
hereby, offered to the said convention of the people of Kan-
sas, when formed, tor their free acceptance or rejection;
winch, if aeeepted by the convention, and ratified by tUe
