162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
the combined powers of the General and a State
Government." They say, further, that Congress
can exercise no power in a Territory which it is
prohibited from exercising by the Constitution—
that is so: nor can it exercise any power, any-
where, which is so prohibited. A State govern-
ment cannot exercise any power in a State which
it is prohibited from exercising by the constitu-
tion of the State; but the Legislature or govern-
ment of a State can, within its limits, exercise all
powers of government which are not prohibited
by the constitution of the State or of the United
States; and if, in legislating for the Territories,
Congress has the right to exercise the powers of
the General and a State Government, it follows
that Congress, like a State, can exercise all pow-
ers not constitutionally prohibited. This is the
reasoning of the court, and they enumerate the
prohibitions to show what Congress cannot do in
the Territories, because of these constitutional in-
junctions, and after naming all they can find, they
then say that as there are so many prohibitions,
and this is known to be a Government of limited
powers, therefore, Congress cannot legislate about
slavery in the Territories. Sir, that is a dodge
which is unworthy of men in their position; they
must have known that, upon their own rule, if
that subject of legislation was not enumerated in
the prohibitions, Congress could legislate upon
it as well as upon any other subject not prohib-
ited; at any rate, if the court cannot see this,
every one else can.
In the Florida case, which the court refer to,
and from which the quotations are made, the
present court sanction the exercise of the powers
of Congress in legislating for the Territories to a
more unlimited extent than 1 think is warranted;
but no matter for that, as all the powers of legis-
lation by Congress upon thosub|ect of slaveiy in
the Territories are clearly within the definition
and rule given by the court. I shall not quairel
"with them for going a great deal beyond, and
claiming for Congress legislative powers in the
Territories which 1 may think doubtful.
But if Congress have not the power to legislate
upon the subject of slavery m the 'territories of
the United States, by what deduction of logic do
Senators contend that we can grant it to any other
bodyof men, or to a Territorial Legislature? Can
wo grant what we have not got ourselves ? To con-
tend for this would be ridiculous; yet we know
that the Legislature of Kansas has enacted laws
for the protection of slavery such as exist in Mis-
souri and other States; if they had any right to
pass these laws, they derived it from us; the peo-
ple ofthe Territory had granted them none—the
people never did grantany power to a Territorial
Legislature, 111 any Territory that has ever ex-
isted within the juiisdictiun of this Government.
if such laws have validity in any Territoiy, it is
erived from this Government. Ill the case of
Kansas, the power was not only not expressly
given to pass such laws, but it was expressly de-
clared in the organic act, that it was not intended
thereby to establish slavery in the Territory, or
to exclude it therefrom; so that no such power
of legislation could be constructively implied to
be given in the act, and all the laws passed about
slavery, and the oaths requued to support them,
were void from the outset. These test oaths cor-
rupted the franchise from the commencement, and
this Lecompton constitution being the result of
nucha franchise, has no validity; yet we are urged
to admit Kansas under it, and to avoid the ap-
pearance of giving sanction to its provisions it is
proposed to add a declaratory resolution invest-
ing the people of the new State with the right
of revolution—a right we cannot give nor take
away. Yet this is the right our Democratic Ptes-
ident says the people of Kansas will have, to re-
lieve themselves from a constitution which is
odious to, and which he urges us to inflict upon,
them.
Sir, I have no disposition to produce irritation
or agitation upon this question; and 1 invoke Sen-
ators on the other side not to stake the welfare of
this country, not even the quiet and good feeling
of the people, upon an issue so contemptible as
this. It is unworthy the attention already be-
stowed upon it—attention which it would not have
received but for its being made an Administration
measure, and a sectional one upon which to con-
ciliate and unite the South in support of the pol-
icy of the President.
Declarations have been made here from Geor-
gia and South Carolina, from Alabama and Mis-
sissippi, thatall must regret to hear. We are told
this Union is to be shaken to its center upon the
question whether this particular form of govern-
ment shall be established for Kansas. Senators
are crowding this measure as if some great event
were depending upon its passage. There has ap-
peared to be a design of raisingjin excitement for
the purpose of seeing it subside when the deed is
consummated. There are too many artificial cir-
cumstances in all these Kansas movements to com-
mend them to my approval. We are not told that
Kansas has a sufficient population to warrant this
application to be admitted as a State. No enu-
meration or ccnsus has been taken to show this.
Nothing has been done in this business as it is
ordinarily done in like cases. There has been hot
haste about everything concerning it; everything
bears but one label; and that is, political capital
by agitation in the southern States, where, upon
such a question, it is supposed they may be made
to act together; and every circumstance is now
seized upon to induce the people of those States
to believe that opposition to this fraud proceeds
from a purpose hostile to them, when, if viewed
simply as a party measure, the South will admit
that the Republican party would gain more by
their carrying Lecompton than it could by reject-
ing it. And I Lhmk it is doing injustice to the
intelligence of southern men to suppose they can
be made to believe that the institutions of the
southern States can be disturbed by the decision
of a question as unimportant as this, let it be de-
cided as it may.
The people of the South know that all their in-
stitutions rest upon too good foundations to be
overturned by a clause about slavery in Kansas,
put into a constitution by fraud and violence.
If there is any real cause of difference between
the sections, it is different from llns; and this is
only used as a pretext to enlist the passions of
men in the service of disunion. There has been
a zeal manifested on this question, unusual m this
body. It has carried Senators further from what
f regard the proprieties of their position. They
have, by a caucus-drill, instituted a trial of phys-
ical endurance, to foiee the minority to terms,
which the majority might impose for the termin-
ation of the debate here upon the question. In
this contest, I was called from a sick bed to this
Chamber, at three o'clock in the morning, as was
said, to make a quorum; as if less than a quorum
could not adjourn, which, as I was told, it had
been decided could not be done. When I came
into the Senate, a Senator was addressing it upon
the dangers to the Union to result from the decis-
ion of'this question. After the close of this speech,
the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] made
a proposition to his friends, the majority here, to
withdraw from the Suiuito. I hope this was done
without reflection, for it was a proposition to
break up this Government. Without a Senate,
you can have no Government. I never heard
such a proposition made lieic before, and hope
never to hear another of the kind. Such a piop-
osition wilt not, 1 trust, be made by any man born
upon American soil. There have been conven-
tions clsewheie that were supposed to be designed
to "prepare the hearts of the people "for disunion;
but never, I think, before this session, has there
been a proposition made in this Chamber to break
up this Government.
It has always been my purpose, since my first
participation 111 the business of the Senate, to vote
and act for measures which I thought would pro-
mote the interests of the country, North and South,
East and West, endeavoring to have no sectional
feeling or local partialities in legislation.
1 can expect to exeit but little influence; to at-
tempt it might give offense, for I do not profess
to have either ability or experience to justify such
a course; but I may say to Senators who are tal-
ented and enjoy an elevated position, that it may
be wise in them to cultivate fraternal feelings ill
this body of equal representatives of States. The
idea that there are many spheres m the walks of
life, is not the .American doctrine.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Ham-
mono] is already assured of my respect. That
Senator, the other day, undertook to prove that
society in the North was not organized as well, or
with as favorable elements, as that of the South.
He insisted the laboring men of the North occu-
pied the position of slaves, like those of the South;
and having the rightof franchise, our rights were
held by a more precarious tenure than theirs. i
think he is mistaken in this. ITe calls the laborers
of both sections the " mud-sills" of society. As
this is a technical term in the construction of a
dam, I suppose he means to intimate by it that
those who are regarded as the more fortunate in
point of wealth or position, are the cap-logs of
society.
We have an intelligent people at the North,
whether wealthy or not; and in no country in the
world is there less pretension made to wealth, or
to position on account of it—none where there is
a more general recognition of the fealty due by all
men to their common Creator, who has said to
man that by the sweat of his face shall he eat
bread.
No man is exempt from this service. The Sen-
ator seems to suppose that, with their organization
of society, there will be, and is, a class with the
leisure and means of education which must ele-
vate and secure to them a character for progress,
civilization, and refinement.
1 would ask the Senator if, in his experience in
society, this has generally been the effect of the
possession of such supposed early advantages ?
I regret to say it has not, in mo3t eases that have
come within my observation; and I have always
been disposed to award greater merit for success
in those thus circumstanced than to those who
are not subject to the various temptations which
beset the class he refers to. In our country, it is
common to say that " it is better to be born lucky
than rich." In the history of our country there
is nothing to justify this overweening vanity of
wealth or high position, or to discourage those
who commence with every disadvantage that con-
ceit can attach to the drudgery of labor. Will the
Senator from South Carolina look at the picture
which hangs over the western entrance to the ro-
tunda of this Capitol, and examine the portrait
of Benjamin Franklin, in his plain citizen's dress,
at the most refined court of Europe? Look at his
countenance as he is addressing the King, and
then look at the King,in his royal robes, who has
enjoyed every advantage of elevated birth and of
solid and refined education, and say which of the
two he would like to have for his compeer in this
body? The attitude, features, and countenance,
of the laboring man are a specimen of one of na-
ture's noblemen. As to the other, I will say
nothing. I am prevented, from the gratitude I feel
for the aid he gave us in the cause of the Revolu-
tion. Let the Senator examine the portraits of
the signers of the Declaration of Independence.
He will find the same man associated with Roger
Sherman; they are not among the mass of the
members of that highly distinguished body of
patriots, but are represented as two of the five
members who report the Declaration to Congress
—men who are prominent among the noblest of
the land—both laborers. Does the Senator think
we should be in a lower strata (as he calls it) by
having these two men in our body to represent
the States they represented in 1776?
Sir, every man in Christendom would accord to
such men the post of honor, be they where they
may. Franklin was known in Europe as a day
worker at job printing; it neverinjured him any-
where. I doubt if he was ever in any body of
men, or on any committee, where he did not ap-
pear a little taller than his associates for intelli-
gence and common sense; and i would rather have
the maxims in his " Poor Richard" almanac to
make a man with, than all the writings of Lord
Chesterfield upon refinement and court etiquette.
There are a few other remarks which the Sen-
ator from South Caiolina made that I must notice
—not in any spirit of complaint, for I like South
Carolina; for I received the hospitalities of her
people, and those of Georgia, when I was a boy,
and remember it with gratitude; but I think he
has made some unfair comparisons between the
two sections, which I have briefly adverted to.
What remains for me to say relates to the remark
he made that, if we now settled this question
fairly, the South had no guarantee that we should
