2224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 18.
list of estimates asking you to appropriate money,
"but not one single dollar more than is necessary
to fulfill contracts entered into by this Govern-
ment. I think it my duty to say to the commit-
tee that, unless this amount of money is appro-
priated, there will be failures of contracts on the
part of the United States, and the parties will be
entitled to claim damages at the hands of the
United States.
I concur with the gentleman from Virginia that
the system is all wrong; but it was commenced
here in Congress years ago, and the question for
the House now to determine is, whether they will
complete the contracts which have been entered
into by the Government or not?
I wish to add, that I oppose the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Avery,] because the work whiJi it provides for
is not under contract, and has not been begun. If
the amendment of thegentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Eustis] is adopted,- it should include a pro-
vision for the Treasury extension, because there
is a contract for that.
(Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KILGORE. . I ask if it would be in order,
pending this amendment, to move to strike out the
enacting clause of this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. Itwould be in order.
Mr. KILGORE. Well,sir, as we are increas-
ing the appropriations instead of decreasing them,
I move-to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe that one
of the rules of the House expressly provides that
every proposition touching an appropriation shall
be first considered and discusscd in Committee of
the Whole House. There is one item m this bill
of $1,000,000, and another of $800,000, not at all
connected with,or dependent on, any of the prop-
ositions which have yet been underconsideration;
and if the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
is entertained, it will be in disregard and violation
of that rule which requires that every proposition
touchingan appropriation shall first be considered
in Committee of the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The question was decided
by the committee a few days since; the decision
of the chairman of the committee was overruled,
and it was decided to be in order to move to strike
out the enacting clause.
Mr. KILGORE. Well, sir, I insist upon my
motion. I understand that the appropriations to
which thegentleman from Tennessee has referred,
are in accordance with contracts already made.
  A Member. So are the appropriations provided
for in this amendment.
Mr. KILGORE. If contracts have been made,
we ought certainly to vote the money.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to say a
few words.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of thegentle-
man from Indiana is not debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN, o^Ohio. It was decided to
be debatable yesterday, or the day before.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The decision was the other way.
The question was then taken on Mr. Kilgure's !
motion; and it was disagreed to. j
Mr. Avery's amendment to the amendment was i
then rejected. I
The question then recurred upon Mr. Eustis's '
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move to amend
the amendment, so as to reduce the appropriation
for the custom-house atGalena, Illinois, $10,000,
merely for the purpose of saying a word or two.
Mr. Chairman, the radical error into which gen-
tlemen have fallen is in supposing that there is
any valid contract in regard to these custom-
houses. Now, m my judgment, there is no valid
contract for the completion of any custom-house
which requires the expenditure of one single dol-
lar more than the amount already appropriated.
By a simple clause in an appropriation hill, we
authorize Hip expenditure of $50,000 for the con-
struction of a custom-house In my judgment,
the executive officers having no right to make any
contract to expend a single dollar more than the
sum thus appropriated: when they do so, they
violate the lav/; because, if they can make a con-
tract for $100,000, when only ^50,0t 0 has been
appropriated by Congress, there is no restraint on
the powerofthe Executive over the expenditureof
the Government. In my opinion, any contract for
the expenditure of a dollar more than the amount i
appropriated is illegal, null, and void. We appro-
priated #50 ,000 for the construction of a custom-
house at Galena. If the Department has gone to
work and agreed to pay $60,000 for the construc-
tion of that custom-house, they have violated the
law, and it is time the House of Representatives
interfered to put a stop to these things. When we
appropriate a given sum for a particular purpose,
we simply authorize the executive officer to con-
tract to that extent and no more; and when he
goes one dollar beyond that there is no contract.
Gentlemen need not tell us that outstanding
contracts require further appropriations, when
there can beno legal outstandingcontracts. There
has been no law authorizing the construction of
the Washington aqueduct, except a simple ap-
propriation, made at the heel of the last session
of Congress, authorizing the expenditure of
§1,000,000 for the construction of the work; and
yet I understand that, under that clause, the De-
partment have gone to work, and made contracts
which will involve an expenditure of $5,000,000 !
Now, under what authority of law are these things
done? If they are legal and binding on the Gov-
ernment, then this House of Representatives is
weaker, as respects the control over the expend-
itures of the Government, than the head of any
bureau. I say, then, that if contracts have been
matle beyond the amounts appropriated by Con-
gress, they are illegal, and I would punish the
officers who made them.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I shall correct the
gentleman in this particular: there has not been
a single contract made^except in accoi dance with
law. The Secretary of the Treasury has not made
a single contract that is not in accordance with
law.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Captain Bowman
says, in the paper before us, that the increased
estimates of expenses are based upon outstand-
ing contracts. Now, sir, if these contracts were
made for sums of money exceeding the appropri-
ations made, the contracts were made in violation
of law; and it is time that the Representatives of
the people should put a stop to such proceedings.
Otherwise they will have no control over the dis-
bursement of money upon the part of the execu-
tive officers.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I shall notoccupy
more than half the time allotted to me, under the
rules, to oppose the amendment. I merely wish
to look at some of the statements made by the
gentleman from Ohio. I stated when I was up be-
fore, and I now say, in simple justice to the Treas-
ury Department, that they have never made any
contract whatever in which they have gone be-
yond the limitations of law. Every contract they
have made has been made in accordance with some
proviso contained in the bill making the appropri-
ations—a proviso, for instance, that the build-
ing shall be completed for a certain amount of
money.
There are some cases where an increased ex-
penditure has been caused by the discovery of
a quicksand, as m the case of Galena, of Cincin-
nati, and of New Orleans, where the Secretary of
the Treasury has purchased the lot, as directed, '
and made a contract for the work. Butaftei the
expenditure of fifty or one hundred thousand dol- j
lars it is discovered that there is a quicksand, caus- 1
ing increased expenditure, which no human fore-
sight could possibly have anticipated. What does
the Secretary do? He suspends the work, and
reports the facts to Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I wish to know
whether there arc quicksands under all these
buildings?
Mr. HOUSTON, There arc quicksands under
tlu; Treasury building. [Laughter.]
Mr. X. GLANCY JONES. No, sir. I be-
lieve the bottom of that building is entire.
Mr. LE1TER. Yes, sir, there are quicksands
under them all. There arc quicksands under the
whole Government. 'The Administration stands
on a quicksand. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. PALMER,. I move to increase the sum
contained in the amendment of the gentleman
from Louisiana, for Piattsburg, $10,000.
Now, sir, I say to the gentleman from Georgia
that if he had referred to the statistics, ho would
have found that the revenue collected at Platts-
burg largely exceeded the expense of collection,
even after the reciprocity treaty iiad nearly de-
stroyed the revenue at that port.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman will rec-
ollect that I did not move to strike out Plattsburg.
Mr. PALMER. I am aware that the gentle-
man did not. But, sir, a misapprehension seems
to prevail in this House that these buildings are
designed exclusively for custom-house purposes.
Not so. The building at Plattsburg not only ac-
commodates the custom-house, but it furnishes a
court-room, where the sessions of the United
States courts are held, which accommodate nearly
one half the State of New York; and not only
these, but the post office for a large town. But,
sir, the revenue collected at that custom-house
exceeds the expenses by many thousand dollars;
and there are a large number of foreignboats pass-
ing through that custom-house to the city of New
York, and other points. The appropriations for
these custom-houses, it seems to me, are far less
objectionable than many reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, of which the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Letcher,] is a member;
which are much more objectionable to the-people
of the country, though they may not be to the
gentleman from Virginia.
1 find appropriations here for building bridges
across the Potomac. I find an appropriation of
$5,000 for putting boxes around trees. I find an
appropriation of $12,000 to purchase furniture for
the President's house, in these hard times; and
many other items of that kind which, in my judg-
ment, ought to meet the condemnation of the Rep-
resentatives of the people as much, at least, as a
small appropriation of $10,000 for the purpose of
completing a building for the purpose of holding
the sessions o£ the United States courts, and for
furnishing accommodations for the post office, as
well as accommodations for collecting the revenue,
especially when that building is almost completed,
and only wants the small appropriation of $10,000
to complete it. The Secretary of the Treasury
himself recommends this appropriation as neces-
sary. It is recommended by the officer in charge
of the work; and it is necessary in order to pre-
serve the work which has been already done. I
have heard no valid objection raised against it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRAWFORD. What is the amount of
revenue collected at Plattsburg?
Mr. LETCHER. L will tell the gentleman.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand it is only
$3,000.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems that this amend-
ment has awakened a considerable interest all
around the House. It seems to be broad enough
to cover a large part of the United States, as we
see by the remarks of various gentlemen around
us. Now, the gentleman comes forward and
says that this building in Plattsburg is for the ac-
commodation of a custom-house, court-house,and
post office, where they collect a very considerable
amount of revenue for the Government of the Uni-
ted States. Now, let us see. Seventeen thousand
seven hundred and ninety-two dollars and fifty-
two cents is the amount derived from customs;
and §13,829 85 it costs to collect it. The post
office yields $9,251 89; and it costs $1,141 60 to
collect it. The whole amount derived from cus-
toms and from postages at that point, is ^5,073 46.
And how much money have they got for the con-
struction of their custom-house, post office, and
court-house ? Sixty-six thousand dollars already.
They now come here and ask for §10,000 more,
making $76,000; so that it seems to me, after ail,
considering the expenses which have been in-
curred, and the amount of revenue collected, it
has been rather an unprofitable outlay, and they
could have got along very well there without a
custom-house at so enormous an expenditure of
the public means.
Mr. SH AW, of North Carolina. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to make a single remark?
Mr. LETCHER. For a moment.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I wish to sug-
gestto my friend from Virginia that he should not
direct his remarks in so loud a tone m the direc-
tion of the other side of the House, for I feel very
much concern for fear that he will aiouse from his
quiet and peaceful slumbers that patriotic and
vigilant Representative, his colleague, [Mr. Clem-
nxs] who, a few nights since, on a call of the
House, expressed an earnest desire that gentle-
men upon this floor would be ever found following
