1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mnvcli 19.
surrendered to the United States the fee to the
lands. I only intended to say that her national
existence was merged in that of the United States.
She brought her commerce, her industry, and her
resources, and made them a part of the commerce,
the industry, and the resources of this Union.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to inquire of the gen-
tleman a little further. Has the State of Texas
ever contributed one half as much to the revenues
of the Government since she came into the Union
as she cost the Government?
Mr. REAGAN. I am not prepared to answer
the question propounded by the gentleman from
Ohio, because I have not attempted to make the
calculation. I might answer it in this way: by
asking if it is expected that any State shall con-
tribute, as it goes along, the exact amount of ex-
penses which the Federal Government is driven
to incur within its limits ? "Whether the cost of
its defense and of the mail facilities for Texas has
been greater than the revenues contributed from
that State, I am not prepared to say. But, sir, the
prospective resources of that State, its advantages
m the future to this country, are incalculable.
If, in order to make out the cost of Texas, the
fentleman includes the cost of the Mexican war,
e must include, on the credit side, the results of
that war.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Did not the United States
assume the debts of Texas whea she came into
the Union ? If they did, then Texas did not come
into the Union costing nothing.
Mr. REAGAN. I beg the gentleman's pardon,
but I am a young member of the House, and
these interruptions break up the line of my argu-
ment.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 beg the gentleman's par-
don; I do not wish to interrupt his argument.
Mr. REAGAN. I was proceeding to say that
if the cost of the Mexican war is to be charged
to Texas, then the results of that war should be
placed to her credit. As the result of that war,
you acquired California, which, as was stated the
other day by one of the members from that State,
[Mr. Scott,] has furnished the city of New York
alone, within the last two years, $74,000,000 in
specie. You have that great golden State with
155,930 square miles; that must go to the credit
side of this account. You have acquired New
Mexico, with 207,007 square miles; which must
also go to the credit side of the account. You
have acquired Utah, with 289,170 square miles;
which must go to the credit side of the account.
Yon have acquired altogether by that war 032,157
square miles of territory, in addition to the ter-
ritory of Texas; which, if the cost of that war
was $200,000,000, would entitle her to a credit of
nearly one hundred and fifty million dollars, being
nearly three times as much territory as is included
in the State of Texas.
This sort of calculation, indulged in by the gen-
tleman from New York, is designed not to satisfy
the House, but to be thrown before the people
to excite their jealousy and fanaticism against the
people of the South. It is in this point of view I
have been led to expose this fallacious argument.
I regret the gentleman is not here to hear what I
have to say.
Then the gentleman from New York went on
to argue that the territory acquired by the United
States, since the cession of Florida, in 1819, for the
benefit of the South, had cost ^81)0,000,000; and
that three fourths of this amount was paid by the
North for southern terntpry. I was astonished to
hear such a statement coming from a member of
this House. I do not leply to it now because I
believe that it has the sanction of this House, or
that confidence is reposed in it by Congress, but
because such statements are calculated to mislead
the people, and to engender in their minds a pre-
judice against the South; to create the belief that
the people of the North have conferred benefits
upon the South which they really have not con-
ferred. When the gentleman made that statement
had he so far forgotten the history of his own
country? Does he not know that the only terri-
tory acquired by the Fedeial Government since
the acquisition of Florida, in 1819, was that of
Texas, and that part of northern Mexico which
was acquired from Mexico by the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, in 1847. He has already charged
us $200,000,000 for that territory. What a state-
ment to go before the country from a member of
this House! The gentleman must have intended
to include the acquisition of Florida, the acquisi-
tion of Louisiana, the acquisition of Texas, the
acquisition of northern Mexico,andadded to these
the cost of all our Indian wars. He says that
nearly all these wars have been in the South; but
I believe that he did have the grace to admit that
the Black Hawk war did not occur in the South.
I have taken great pains to look into the statis-
tics on this subject; and I am inclined to give a
more liberal construction to the gentleman's state-
ment than he has given it himself. I say that he
certainly intended to embrace the acquisition of
all territory since the organization of the Govern-
ment. In the acquisition of Florida and Loui-
siana, we secured 1,334,531 square miles. By
northern Mexico and Texas we acquired 840,955
square miles. This would make all our territorial
acquisitions amount to 2,174,486 square miles.
Our territory before these acquisitions amounted
to 820,680 square miles. So, adding these 'two
amounts together, we find the present territory of
the United States to contain 2,995,166 square
miles. Of this 2,174,531 square miles of acquired
territory we have the slave States of Florida,
Louisiana, Missouri, Arkansas, and Texas, con-
taining 457,605'square miles, and the unquestion-
ably free territory of California, Wisconsin, Iowa,
Minnesota, Dacotah, Nebraska, Washington,
and Oregon, containing 1,070,775 square miles.
Then we have in Kansas, and the Indian territory
to the south of it, and in New Mexico and Utah,"
662,102 square miles, which may become free or
slave territory, but which northern men regard as
already secured as free territory. If they are right
in this, then we have acquired of free territory
1,732,877 square miles, and of slave territory
457,005 square miles, which shows a balance
in favor of free territory of 1,275,172 square
miles, a larger amount by one half than the size
of the original thirteen States. And this is the
territory which the gentleman says has cost us
$800,000,000, and which has inured entirely to the
benefit of the South. But here, sir, is the fact
staring him in the face that the North has moie
than three fourths of this territory. While this is
so, the gentleman comes here and charges that all
the money spent for the acquisition of territory
has gone for the benefit of the South. Such state-
ments may delude the unthinking and the unlet-
tered fanatic, but they will never mislead the man
who calmly reviews the history of the country.
The gentleman goes on to say that 4,600,000,000
of this $800,000,000 has been paid by the free
States. Here is another evidence of the exceed-
ing kindness and generosity of my friend's argu-
ment. Has ho forgotten that the southern im-
ports come through the free-State ports? Has he
forgotten that the commerce of the South is build-
ing up the commercial cities of the North ? Has
he forgotten that the patronage of the South has
done much to build up the literary institutions of
the North? It is building up the manufactures
of the North, as he cannot forgot. Yet the North j
avails itself of our patronage; itreceives our com- I
merce; has thebenefitof our trade to make it rich, j
and then turns round and insults us because we j
have made it rich and great and powerful. Is j
not there something in this, in connection with j
the issue tendered to us that another slave State '
shall not be admitted into the Union, which is cal-
culated to make the heart beat quicker, to excite
the mind, and to awaken the South from its leth-
argy to a knowledge of the spirit of equality and
independence ? Is there not in this that which [
should demand of us to give a warning to our- j
fiiends in the North not to press us too far? We
know, sir, that our commeice will build up our
own cities when you drive us to it. We know that j1
our products will command friendly overtures
from every commercial nation upon the globe. I
We know that, if it comes to that extremity, we !
have the power to strike down your commerce,
to bankrupt your manufactures and in everyway ■
to diminish your greatness. We feel a pride in
the city of New York. It is our city as well as
yours; its commerce is ours as well as yours. We
are proud of it because it is the great commercial
metropolis of this Union; we are proud of it be-
cause, if your fanaticism does not prevent it, it
may be not only the commercial mistress of the '
whole western continent, but of the whole world. 1
It lies with you to say whether it shall be so or
not; it is not for me or for the South to decide.
But, sir, we are told that the North lias paid i
three fourths of this amount; and this is said in
view of the fact that nearly all of our imports
come through your northern cities. We first give
you our commerce; we pay the duties upon that
commerce in your cities; and then you, after re-
ceiving those duties, as a tax upon "our imports,
resulting from the vast amount of our exports,
have the modesty to turn round and charge the
South with the very money which she has paid
out to build up your cities, and to defray the ex-
penses of the Federal Government. What a rep-
resentation to come from a Representative of a
proud State ! Is that the sentiment of New York ?
Is that the feeling of New York ? Is that the con-
viction of New York? Is that the passion for
fraud and injustice of the proud State of New-
York ? I would go into the gentleman's own dis-
trict, and take this evidence of injustice to the
South, and appeal to his people, to their sense of
justice and fair dealing, and ask them to repudiate
those sentiments, if not to repudiate the man.
As I said in the outset, it is not my intention
to present these argument for the purpose of re-
futing them. That refutation is made by the his-
tory, by the condition and relations of this coun-
try. I would that my remarks could go into the
gentleman's district to incite inquiry, and induce
them to tell him, when he comes back again—for
I think he is a worthy man—not to try to make
capital by doing injustice to his fellow-country-
men, by attempting to incite ill blood amongst
them, by trying to induce them to think that they
have been oppressed and wronged fox the benefit
of the South. You have the territory, you have
the commerce, you have everything; you com-
mand the South, and I am ashamed, or rather
sorry and ashamed too, to say that the South is
but one of your customers; and yet you come here
to insult and defy and deride that customer which
has made you all rich. I cannot think that such
a sentiment prevails in New York, in Pennsyl-
vania, in Massachusetts; nor do 1 think it pre-
vails even in Ohio.
Now, sir, having disposed of these statistics,
I desire, for a moment, to perform a still more
painful duty; and I do it because, after a little, I
shall have something to say about the position
Texas has occupied—something to say in refer-
ence to the amendment proposed by the Repre-
sentative from Chicago [Mr. FarvswohtiI] to the
Army bill.
The same gentleman, the honorable gentleman
from New York, who presented these'statistics,
went on to make some other statements; and I
allude to them to show that all-pervading feeling
which exists to strike down the rights of the South.
While I believe my heart is as faithful to this
Union, as long as it is a Union under the Consti-
tution, as that of any other man North or South,
I want my people to know what sort of feeling ia
prevailing here, and what sort of feeling pervades
the National Legislature; and, so far as my feeble
voice and efforts are concerned, they shall know
it. I am not one of those who are prepared, by
compromises and expedients, to yield up the last
hope of my country. No, sir, the issue is ten-
dered boldly, and I call your attention to it. It
is tendered in such a way that there is no longer
mistaking what that issue is, and if the represent-
atives of the South are worthy of themselves,
worthy of the chivalry of the States from which
they come, worthy of the confidence of those who
sent them here, they will meet that issue, and they
will place themselves as distinctly upon the rec-
ord as gentlemen upon the opposite side have done.
I will tell you, before 1 take my seat, what that
issue is. 1 say we are better prepared for that
issue to-day than we will be a year hence, and I
wish to meet it upon the very threshold. There
is but one wayin which men can deal fairly with
each other; and that is, to tell the truth, just as
it is.
And just here let me say what I ought to say,
lest I should be misunderstood. Some gentlemen
upon the opposite side have expressed very strong
anti-slavery feelings, which perhaps were un-
pleasant to us; but, sir, I do not come here to
speak harshly of those gentlemen at all. The day
was, in my opinion, when in the history of the
country anti-slavery fanaticism was under the
control of the politicians. In that day 1 would
have denounced them. The day has now come,
m my humble judgment, when politicians them-
selves are under the control of the people, a,jrd
