1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bright.
Senate.
not plunder them with tariffs, with internal im-
Erovements, with navigation laws and fishing
ounties, and with a bank of the United States,
to concentrate all the capital of the country in the
commercial emporium. These were so many
counts in his bill of indictment against the North.
As well as I recollect, most of the measures enu-
merated and denounced by the Senator, as plun-
dering them, originated with South Carolinians.
I think the tariff was reported by one of the most
distinguished of the citizens of South Carolina,
Mr. Lowndes: at least I have always given him
credit for inaugurating that measure for the ben-
efit of labor. The credit of internal improvements
and the bank have been awarded by his grateful
countrymen to another illustrious citizen of that
State, Mr. Calhoun. I mustleave the defense of
these measures to their beneficial effect while we
enjoyed them, and to the State which feels such just
pride in their originators, or supporters. The
fame of these statesmen had these very measures
for its basis and sustenance. I concur with the
Senator in his view of the value of the great sta-
ples of that section of the country, and am always
glad to notice the improvements they have made
in their production. Since my remembrance, the
product of cotton to the hand has increased three-
fold, and the genera! price remains about the
same; which indicates great prosperity, as is
shown in the advanced value of their laborers.
The Senator will admit that we, at the North,
have made equal improvement in our means of
producing, but we do not receive its returns in the
increase of the price of labor, as they do. When
we improve processes we sell for less, and the con-
sumer shares in the benefit, as well as the producer,
and sometimes has it all; but this discouragement
does not unnerve the arm of labor, or paralyze the
brain of the inventor. They still strive; and, at
all events, mean to deserve success. We do not
envy their success, and try to convince ourselves
that we are benefited by it. In this way we have
got on well together for more than eighty years
with this Union, and I doubt the wisdom of trying
an experiment to get on without it.
The Senator is fearful the South may be plun-
dered by the fishing bounties, and I understand
the Senator from Alabama, as chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, has reported a bill to
repeal them. Iregr^t this,and think the Senator
has not fully considered the purpose of these
bounties. It is easy to raise a cry against boun-
ties; but if this matter was fairly understood by
the South they would not feel hostile to the fish-
ing vessels. They are the 'nurseries of our sea-
men, and are so called.
The South take great interest in our Navy, and
furnish a very large proportion of its officers, and
have evinced a commendable zeal here in guard-
ing their interests this winter, in which 1 have
aided. But, sir, wo cannot expect to win naval
victories with epaulets. It takes a different kind
of men to gain the victories at sea. The ofliceis
get the honors; but we must have sailors to do
most of the work and the fighting. I do not mean
to disparage the officers, who get the glory, but
insist that we must not forget the sailors whom
they command. These fishermen embark in
small vessels, and cruise in the boisterous regions
of the north Atlantic, to catch codfish, and then
embark in larger vessels after whales. When
you have trained up a boy to catch codfish where
the sea runs mountain high, and then learn him
to go in an open boat and strike and kill a whale,
you need not be afraid of his ever being caught or
frightened by anything. Sir, there is no class of
men that wind or storm ever blew or beat upon
who are so utterly without fear as sailors who
have been thus trained. One will sleep upon the
cross-trees, high up on the " giddy mast," where
you and I would tremble to see him sit awake.
He is not made drowsy, as you are now, by the
weariness of a single sense, by the sound of my
voice incessantly tattooing the drum-head of
your ear; but his whole brain is rocked by the
" imperious surges" of the sea.
Mr. Jefferson has told a fine story of Logan,
who said he " never felt fear, and would not turn
on his heel to save his life." Logan had the idea
that, when fighting, it would disgrace him to
turn on his heel; and he would not do it to save
his life. But this sailor wants no incentive to
courage; he would not lose his nap to save his
life.
The Senator from South Carolina likes the re-
nown of our naval victories; but he cannot achieve
them with landsmen or smooth-water sailors. If
you want to take another Frolic in agale of wind,
you must have sailors who can walk the deck in
rough weather; landsmen cannot do it; they may
be as brave, but they must have the right train-
ing. Victories are not expected to be won by
what are called educated men. For your Navy
you want that inbred courage and endurance
which are only to be found in the occupations I
have described.
If, therefore, you want to raise such sailors,
take care of the nurseries—the fishing vessels. I
ask the chairman of the committee who proposes
to repeal the fishing bounties, the classic Senator
from Alabama, to reflect that, if the infant had
been strangled in thecradle,tho labors would not
have been performed that gave immortality to,
Hercules.
I hope these suggestions may save the bounties
to the fishermen; they will not be a great burden
on your Treasury.
As to our navigation laws, which the Senator
classes among those which plunder the South, as
we now let all participate in our foreign trade on
equality with us, he must mean to let them do so
with the coasting trade. The English have the
most profitable of our foreign carrying trade. By
the aid of their Government their mail steamers
have supplanted ours. They take the passengers
and the most valuable frfeight, and 1 do not know
that there would be danger in letting them do our
carrying upon all our rivers and in all our har-
bors—our inland as well as our foreign mails—it
may be best to mix with everybody and have a
common purse,and of course a common destiny.
I am not afraid of England; but I never knew
a treaty or trade made with her by the United J
States, in which wo came off equal—scarcely sec- j
ond best. Close intercourse was what Philip i
preached when he wanted to control the other '
States of Greece; his gold was no doubt profit-
ble, and those outof his city saw no danger in its
free circulation among them; and I believe even
Demosthenes was not able to stand against it.
I would rather have a few things which we
could call our own, and a single puisuit that all
mankind did not mingle in; so as to preserve our
identity as a people, and not go back to colonial
dependence in everything. We should recollect
that we cannot hire others to love our country as
our people love it—or to fight our battles as ours
have fought, and will fight them; these are things
you cannot hire or buy, and so are public spirit,
friendship,and courage. We should leave some
room, and some motive for our own people to
cultivate these.
The Senator from South Carolina says that
labor only needs to bo docile, obedient, and faith-
ful—a pack-horse kind of labor. Would such
labor elevate a country, and give it fame in the
world ? No, sir; mere planting and farming never
did elevate a country; and yet they are the basis
ofall other pursuits, and the most useful and hon-
orable, and the main pillars of national strength.
But to make a nation independent, prosperous,
and happy, you must diversify your labor, and
that will elevate it, and the country with it. We
only need to cultivate a proper spirit, and settle
this Kansas question fairly. Let us not under-
take to throw this Lecompton fraud across the
track of this people and make it the occasion of
sectional strife and alienation. It is too small a
matter to be allowed to do so great an injury.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, the constitu-
tion of Kansas, with all the circumstances, it is
believed, directly or remotely connected with its
formation, being now before us, the question is,
shall the Territory be admitted as a State under
that instrument?
Undoubtedly it is the policy of the Government
that her Territories should be converted into States
as rapidly as a due regard to the welfare of their in-
habitants will permit. That isalike the interest of
both—of the General Governmenton theonehand,
to be relieved from the local maintenance of the
Territories; and of the Territories on the other,
to be relieved from that interference of Congress
which must unavoidably continue to exist, to a
greater or less extent, so long as they remain in
their condition of dependency: Whilst a Terri-
tory is in its infancy, Unable through weak-neks—
a paucity of inhabitants, sparsely settled, and of
very limited means—to sustain itself, thepropriety
of extendingoveritthepaternalcareof theGetJeral
Government must readily be admitted; but when-
ever it has acquired sufficiency of strength to bear
the burden of its own support, it is due to tile rtest
of the community to be relieved from it. Each
State of the Union, under our systempf govern-
ment, has to maintain its own local orgamzatien;
and why not the Territories, whenever they pos-
sess the ability ? The only means by whiMi this
can be accomplished—the only way which has
hitherto been devised of transferring the susten-
ance of the Territory from the common to the
local treasury, where it more properly belongs, is
by admitting it into the Union as a State. What
the exact expense of maintaining our Territo-
ries is, it is not necessary to inquire. We know,
however, that it must be very considerable; and
that, whatever it is, it is defrayed out of the na-
tional Treasury of the States, whilst the States, in
addition, have to sustain the charges of theirown
separate organizations. It is but rightthat every
community should bear the burden of its own sup-
port; and whenever a Territory, by the strength
of its numbers, has acquired that ability, its in-
habitants should not only be permitted to form
theirown separate government, but if they refuse,
should be coerced into the measure by all fair and
just appliances known to the Constitution. The
States have an interest in this, which it is their
right and their duty to protect.
But there are higher and nobler considerations
than mere pecuniary ones involved in the creation
of new States. The addition of a State is an ad-
dition to the strength and stability of the Union,
riveting more firmly the bonds that make us one
people, and giving us increased consequence—
which is power—in the eyes of other nations. Of
the policy of admitting new States, or of adding
them as rapidly as possible, there surely cannot
exist two opinions. The general policy, there-
fore, being in favor of the admission of Kansas,
the inquiry arises, what valid objection can be
urged against it? The principal one presented is,
that the constitution before us was not, after its
formation, submitted as an entirety to a vote of
the people, for their ratification or rejection.
I have always favored, Mr. President, the doc-
trine of non-intervention. From the time of its
first enunciation by that eminent statesman now
at the head of the State Department up to the
present hour, it has always found me a supporter
and advocate. Eight years ago, when this Cham-
ber was illumined by the light of those great in-
tellects of Kentucky, South Carolina, and Massa-
chusetts, which have since gone out forever, we
congratulated ourselves and the country that, by
the application of this principle in the acts organ-
izing the Territories of New Mexico and Utah,
we had established a practical rule of action for
all time to come, in reference to the domestic
affairs of the States and Territories, which should
command, by its own intrinsic justness, the ap-
probation of the people of every portion of the
Union, and should relieve Congress for the future
from tliose angry sectional strifes which, for the
previous thirty years, had endangered the peace
and perpetuity of the Government. The principle
is so just itself, so admirably adapted to the spirit
and genius of our institutions, that my wonder is
it was not earlier adopted, or, being adopted, that
it should afterwards have encountered such vio-
lent hostility. Yet so it was; though it finally
received the indorsement of both the great polit-
ical parties of that day, it met for a time, nay still
meets, with the fierce opposition of all that class
of men who have been and yet are laboring to
impose restrictions upon the free exercise of sov-
ereignty in the Territories.
Of the power of Congress to legislate for the
Territories I have never entertained a doubt.
Within the limits of the Federal Constitution their
authority is supreme. Within those limits they
possess the same power over the Territories that
is exercised by the several States within their re-
spective borders. But power is one thing, and the
expediency of its exercise another. Whilst Con-
gress, in my judgment, possesses the power, past
