1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
may have submitted their constitutions to a vote
of the people, and others have not. There seems
to have been no uniformity of action on the part
of the new States or of Congress. The precedents
established by statesmen are still more dubious.
Even the honorable Senator from Illinois does
not seem to have held the same views at all times
on the questions under consideration. At pres-
ent, he doubts the policy of admitting Kansas,
because her entire constitution was not submitted
to a vote of the people; yet he voted for an en-
abling act for Kansas, which did not require that
any part of the constitution should be submitted.
He denies the authority of a convention of the
people of the Territory of Kansas to make a State
government, even under the enlarged powerscon-
ferred by his own favorite law of 1854; and yet
he voted to admit California as aState,she having
made a constitution and State government with-
out even the color of authority from Congress,
the incipient steps of which had their origin in the
ordersofamilitarycommander. Imakenocharge
of inconsistency against the honorable Senator,
and surely none as to the purity of his motives.
I state these things to show the difficulty of the
subject; butl do say, that when the Senatorpicked
up the charge of inconsistency made against the
President the other day, by his colleague, on the
Michigan and Arkansas cases, and when after-
wards, replying to a similar allegation against
himself, he said: " I am not one of those who
boast that they have never changed their opin-
ion," " I do not know that a month has ever
passed over my head in which I have not msdi-
fied some opinion to some degree," he ought to
have extended the same charitable rule to the
President.
But he holds that when the people of Kansas
move in the matter of establishing their govern-
ment, that movement, though it may not be ille-
gal, is irregular, and does not rise above the im-
portance of a petition for redress of grievances.
How will this sentiment be relished by the proud
men who have gone to Kansas from all parts of
the Union, believing they had been vested with
the " great principle of self-government?" They
will scarcely realize their new attitude.
But it is said they can petition Congress for re-
dress of grievances. When was it pretended that
individuals or communities could not petition Con-
gress for redress of grievances? In God's name,
wJw) ever denied that right? Is that all the people
have gained by non-intervention ? Is that the full
fruits of perfect freedom in Kansas? Is that what
we have gained in this long struggle? If it be, then
I must confess I have never understood the ques-
tion; nor do I believe the people have understood
it. If the right to make institutions in such a way
as Congress prescribes, and send them to Con-
gress in the shape of a petition for redress of griev-
ances, is all the people have gained by non-inter-
vention, with the moral and legal right in Con-
gress to send that petition back for alteration,
though the constitution be republican in form,
then the Senator's law of 1854 is a bald imposture,
a delusion, and a deception—" the word of prom-
ise to the ear to be broken to the hope"—"the
thorn beneath the rose."
But let us pass to a more practical view of the
subject. My own reflections on the dangerous
controversy in Kansas, considering the sources
and the character of the strife, satisfied my mind,
even before I became a member of this body, that
the surest, if not the only way of ending this
bitter sectional struggle, and quieting the country,
was to admit Kansas as a State at the earliest
period practicable, thereby circumscribing all
concern about her aifairs within her own limits,
where the differences, whatever they might be,
could not fail of prompt and legitimate adjust-
ment. Entertaining these impressions and views,
I was rejoiced to perceive that the people of Kan-
sas had determined to call a convention to form
a constitution and State government preparatory
to Admission into the Union as a State. The
propriety and validity of this movement for a
convention,under direction of theterritoriallaws,
had been promptly recognized by the President
in his instructions to Governor Walker, and then
again in his Connecticut letter. Governor Walker
did the same thing in his first address, and urged
the people to the performance of their duty under
the law, in the following emphatic terms:
" The people of Kansas, then, are invited by the highest
w
authority known to the Constitution to participate freely
and fairly in the election of delegates to frame a constitu-
tion and State government. The law has performed its
entire appropriate function when it extends to the people
the right of suffrage, but it cannot compel the performance
of that duty. Throughout our whole Union, however, and
wherever free government prevails, those who abstain from
the exercise of the right of suffrage, authorize those who
do vote to act for them in that contingency, and the ab-
sentees are as much bound under the law and Constitution,
where there is no fraud or violence, by the act of the ma-
jority of those who do vote, as although all had participated
in the election. Otherwise, as voting must be voluntary,
self-government would be impracticable, and monarchy or
despotism would remain as the only alternative.
« You should not console yourselves, my fellow-citizens,
with the reflection that you may, bv a subsequent vote,
defeat the ratification of the constitution. Although most
anxious to secure to you the exercise of that great consti-
tutional light, and believing that the convention is the ser-
vant and not the master of the people, yet I have no power
to dictate the proceedings of that body. I cannot doubt,
however, the course they will adopt on this subject. But
why incur the hazard of the preliminary formation of a con-
btitution by a minority, as alleged by you, when a majority,
by their own votes, could control the forming of that Instru-
ment?
" But it is said that the convention is not legally called,
and that the election will not be freely and fairly conducted.
The Territorial Legislature is the power ordained for thi3
purpose by the Congress of the United States; and in
opposing it you resistthe authority of the Federal Govern-
ment. That Legislature was called into being by the Con-
gress of 1854, and is recognized m the very latest congres-
sjonallegislation. It is recognized by the present Chief
Magistrate of the Union, just chosen by the American peo-
ple, and many of its acts are now in operation here by uni-
versal assent. As the Governor of the Territory of Kansas,
I must support the laws and tiie Constitution; and I have
so other alternative undci my oath, but to see that all con-
stitutional laws are fully and fairly executed."
Mr. Secretary Stanton, under the instructions
of the President and Governor, addressed tlio
people as follows:
" The Government especially recognizes the territorial act
which provides for assembling a convention to foim a con-
stitution, with a view of making application to Congif^s for
admission as a State into the Union. That act is regarded
as presenting the only te>t of the qualification of voters for
delegates to the convention, and all preceding repugnant
restrictions are thereby repealed. In tins light, the actmu^t
be allowed to have provided forafulland faire?pies«ion of
the will of th? people thiough the delegates who may be
chosen to represent them in the constitutional convention.
I do not doubt, however, that, in order to avoid all pretext
for resistance to the peaceful operation of this law, the con-
vention itself will, in some form, provide for submitting the
great disti acting question regarding their social institutions,
which has so long agitated the people of Kansas, to a fair
vote of all the actual bona fide residents of the Territory,
with every possible security against fiaud and violence. If
the constitution be thus framed, and the question of differ-
ence thus submitted to the decision of the people, I believe
that Kansas will be admitted by Congress without delay as
one of the sovereign States of the American Union, and the
territorial authorities will-be immediately withdrawn." '
These quotations are full of striking ideas,
which invite special attention at this time. The
first is the full recognition, by both the Governor
and Secretary, of the validity of the law calling
the convention; another is, that the convention,
when formed, would have a right to make a con-
stitution and submit it to a vote or not; and this
is one of the reasons of the Governor for urging
the people to attend the polls and vote. " Those
who abstain from the right of suffrage," says the
Governor, " authorize those who do vote to act
for them." He says " the convention is legally
called," "because the Territorial Legislature is
the power ordained fortius purpose." But what
is most remarkable, and most to the point, is, that
Mr. Stanton indicated, at that early day, that the
submission of 4* the great distracting question"
(slavery) was all that would be necessary to give
Kansas peace and the dignity of a State. He even
then indicated, most pointedly, the policy after-
wards adopted by the convention.
The Senatorfrom Illinois,in a speech delivered
at Springfield, in his State, on the 12th of June
last, saia:
(C Kansas is about to speak for herself through her del-
egates assembled m convention to form a constitution pre-
paratoiy to heradmission into the Union." "The law under
which hei delegates are about to be elected is believed to be
just and fair m all its objects and provisions."
With all this mass of authority to sustain them,
the people of the Territory, or those of them who
were willing to sustain the laws which the Pres-
ident, Governor Walker, and the Senator from
Illinois held to be proper and binding, proceeded
to make a constitution and State government. But
those who said the laws should not be obeyed
refused to participate in this work, and from this
spirit of insubordination, in my judgment, all the
subsequent mischief has arisen. They would not
attend at the polls, and vote for delegates to carry ■
out their will in the convention) not because they i
did not wisli to have a State government—*for
the same men had attempted to erect Kansas into'
a State in the most irregular and unauthorized
mode—but for the reason that they had commenced'
rebellion against the laws, and were determined
to persist in it! And it is, in the main, these
very men who at this moment are clamoring ihost
about oppression and usurpation, and about sacred
rights, which they indignantly refused to exer-
cise. Governor Walker labored zealously to bring
these men to the performance of their duty, as is
shown in the extract I have given from his ad-
dress. But they were joined to their idol—the
Topeka farce. The consequence was, that there
was virtually no contest for delegates, and only
about twen ty-two hundred votes were polled. But
still the convention, on the theory of Governor
Walker, had been invested with the authority of
nearly the whole population to make a constitu-
tion and State government.
This large class of the people who neglected to
vote for delegates became clamorous against the
convention, and even assembled at Topeka for
the avowed purpose of putting their own bogus
government into operation. I was in the Territory
for some time prior to and after the election, and
speak from personal observation as to the spirit
of insubordination manifested by some, expend-
ing itself in bitter denunciations of the President
and Governor Walker for attempting to admin-
ister what, in the chaste phrase "of the malcon-
tents, were the " bogus laws of a bogus Legisla-
ture," averring that they would have no form of
government from the convention gotten up under
these laws no matter how pcrfect it might be;
that though that "bogus convention" should sub-
mit for their approval their own Topeka consti-
tution, they would spurn it with contempt. This
spirit was persisted in to the end. Governor
Walker, as must be obvious to all, was not and
could not be vested with any authority over the
subject of making a State government. His func-
tions were to administer the laws, and perform the
executive duties generally, which he did discharge
with great ability. Butbeyond this, he could not
go. He had no connection with, agency in, or
responsibility for the work of making a constitu-
tion. In the exercise of his discretion, and with
the intention of doing what was best, he had at
first advised the people to vote, but all would not
do so. He also urged the delegates composing
the convention to submit their work to the ap-
proval of the people, holding this to be right as a
general principle, and especially necessary in view
of the small vote cast for delegates. But the con-
vention submitted only the article relating to sla-
very. That it ought to have submitted the con-
stitution in some form to give the people the right
to judge of its several parts, I agree; and as a
citizen of Kansas I should have insisted on this
policy, but I should certainly have desired a vote
on the question of slavery as proposed by the late
convention, disconnected from all other subjects,
in preference to a vote on the constitution as a
whole.
For its action, the convention has been most
roundly abused; and I do not intend to come to
its defense, for from many of the details of its
proceedings I dissent. But it would not be can-
did to contend that there was nothing in the
bearing of the enemies of the convention to impel
it to fully exhaust, if not to abuse, the authority
with which it had been clothed. The incessant
menaces of the violent leaders of the Republican
party, who, in my judgment, never desired to
have the controversy settled, was calculated to
do this. The declaration that they would not
judge of the merits of any form of government
it might make; but would reject it, if possible,
at the polls, for reasons mischievous and rebell-
ious, was also calculated to produce such action.
Nor is it candid to contend that this class of poli-
ticians in the Territory, and others out of it, when
they dwelt on the importance of submitting the
constitution to the test of popular favor, had ref-
erence to disputes about railroads, banks, cor-
porations, courts, or legislative functions. The
question—the all-absorbing, and the only ques-
tion—was, shall Kansas be a free or slave State ?
I believe Governor Walker went much further;
and yet the very men who threatened to rebel on
his hands at Topeka, and who put him through
the shorter catechism of Kansas politics, never
would have met him there, nor mentioned tlw
