116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
name of constitution, had it not been for the
question of slavery. They said " constitution,"
it is true; for the idea of a separate submission
had not then been raised; but even they had
no other question on their minds than that of
whether Kansas should be a free or a slave State.
Throughout this broad land, this has been treated
as the question, and the only one.
That question the people of Kansas had an
opportunity to settle in June last, by electing dele-
gates to carry out their will. They are to have
another to-day, by voting on so much of the con-
stitution as relates to that subject* After all that
has been said about fraud and trickery, touching
this issue, the great overshadowing factcannotbe
denied, that the people of Kansas have had two
opportunities to make her a free State. I am
aware, sir, that the registry of voters at the elec-
tion in June was very defective; but that was no
reason why those who were registered should not
vote. That complaint, however, cannot be made
as to the vote on the slavery article, for no regis-
try is required, and every white citizen above
twenty-one years of age can vote. I regard the
registry as very imperfect, but ] cannot under-
stand the picture presented by Governor Walker,
in a recent letter, addressed to the President. He
undertakes to show that less than one half of the
voters were registered when the delegates were
elected, and yet the records show that over nine
thousand names were registered in June, and that
the whole vote for the congressional delegate, in
October last, after an exciting contest, and a large
increase of population, was only a little over
twelve thousand. How this mystery is to be
solved I cannot tell, but the statements are sin-
gularly contradictory.
What my action maybe on the question of
admission, should the new constitution be pre-
sented, I cannot precisely foresee. The case is
not yet fully developed. No man can tell what a
day may bring forih in Kansas. Those who are
to conduct the election upon the slavery article
have been vested with large and dangerous powers,
the use of which they may, if they choose, abuse
to such an extent as to forbid the recognition of
the result whatever it may be. But if that elec-
tion be fairly conducted, I shall feel required to
vote for die admission of the State either with or
without slavery. I should do this under the firm
belief that it is the best mode possible of putting
an end to the existing strife; lor, after all, when
we look at this question practically, it does not
involve half so much as some would make us he- j
lieve. When the State shall have been admitted,
not only slavery, but all other institutions, will be :
subject to be changed and remodeled by the peo- j
pie. They can, if they please, do this within six
months after Kansas becomes a State, and enjoy
the same opportunity, whenever they desire it,
forever thereafter. Why then contest the ques-
tion as though the institutions under which the
State may be admitted were to be, like the laws
of the Modes and Persians, unchangeable? I
know it is alleged that the constitution cannot be
changed prior to 18G4; but that view cannot be
maintained. Without discussing the t.rms of 1
the schedule, which simply prescribes the mode
in which the constitution shall be amended after
18C4, the bill of rights is conclusive on this point. ;
- it declares that: i
"All political power is inherent in the people, [of K;in- :
pas,] ami ali tree governments are founded on their author- [
ny, and instituted for their benefit and therefore they have -
at all times an inalienable and indefeasible light to alter,
leform, or abolish their form of government 111 such man-
lier as tlicy may think proper."
The mode of voting lias also been a subject of '
criticism. The honorable Senator maintains that!
the elector mustgive his sanction to all the other 1
provisions of the constitution before ho can enjoy
the opportunity of voting for or against slavery, i
This is clearly a mistake. The ballot, " consti-
tution with slavery," or "constitution without .
slavery,"involves only the slavery clause. It is
simply the question of whether Kansas shall be .
a free or a slave State, under the general forms
agreed upon by the constitution. That this was
intended by the convention, is made clear by its
proceedings, if they have been given to me ac-
curately by a gentleman from Lecompton. His ;
information is, that before the adoption of the
form of voting, the sense of the convention was ■!
taken on the proposition to submit the whole con- ! I
stituticm to a vote of the people, which was de- '
cided in the negative, and never reconsidered.
Subsequently, a motion to submit the slavery
article was agreed to by a majority of two votes.
This view is clearly sustained by the proclamation
of the president of the convention, m which he
says the vote shall be for or against the introduc-
tion of slavery into the State of Kansas.
The voting shall be by ballot, and those voting
for Kansas as a slave State shall vote a ballot
with the words "constitution with slavery," and
those voting for Kansas to be a free State shall
vote a ballot with the words " constitution with
no slavery." It must be evident that if it had
been intended to take the sanction of the elector
on the whole constitution, the ballot would have
been "for" the constitution. Thehonorable Sen-
ator, and others who take his view, will be the
first to deny, when the constitution is presented
to Congress, that it has the sanction of the people.
But the honorable Senator has labored to main-
tain his position by confounding the slavery ques-
tion with the ordinary institutions of a civilized
community. Notice the extraordinary character
of the following extract from his late speech:
" Sir, what would tins boasted principle of popular sov-
ereignty have been worth, if it applied only to the negro,
and did not eitend to the white man ; Do you think we
eould have aroused the sympathies and the patriotism of
this bioad Republic, and have carried the presidential elec-
tion last year in the face of a tremendous opposition, on the
piineiple of e.vtenduiK the right of self-government to the
negio question, but denying it as to all the relations aft'ect-
liiif white men.'" * *   '■ Sir, 1 have spent
too much strength and breath and money, too, to establish
tins gieat principle in the popular heart,"now to see it frit-
tered away by bringing it down to an exception that applies
to the negro, and does not extend to the benefit of the white
man "
Now, Mr.President, can it be possible that the
Senator from Illinois expected to make the Senate
and the country believe that the people of Kansas
are indebted to the famous organic act for their
right to the enjoyment of life, liberty, and prop-
erty, and the ordinary institutions of a civilized
community? He scouts the idea that the great
principle of popular sovereignty should be ''frit-
tered away by bringing it down to an exception
that applies to the negro, and not to the white
man." Whatever he may mean, his language is
certainly calculated to make the impression that
the Kansas-Nebraska bill settled some dispute
about the ordinary institutions of government in
the Territories. 1 cannot agree, sir, that that view
is either candid or allowable. Who ever denied
the right of the people to make their ordinary
institutions? When was that a question which
divided parties, or shook the Union to its found-
ation ? The simple truth is, that the question of
slavery, and that only, was involved and consid-
ered in passing the Kansas-Nebraska bill. It was
to settle that dangerous sectional feud that the
doctrine of non-intervention was adopted. The
repeal of the Missouri line has in no way affected
the right of the people to have all other domestic
institutions either north or south of that line; and
when the Senator asks what the boasted prin-
ciples of popular sovereignty would have been
worth if applied only to the negro, and '• not to
the white man," he utters a sentiment which is
unworthy of the subject. What partare negroes
to have in the government of Kansas, or who is '
proposing to restrict any of the rights of the white j
man, unless it be himself, when he denies them
the right to make a government without the con-
sent of Congress? I know how presumptuous it;
is in me to differ with that Senator; but I cannot |
forbear to deny that .the question of railroads, 1
courts, banks, legislative functions, &c., were in
any way involved in the repeal of the Missouri
line, and the inauguration of the doctrine of non-
intervention; and yet, sir, the Senator has con- I
founded the question of slavery, and that of the j
natural, inalienable, and undisputed rights of the
people,in such awayas to make the impression,
if possible, that all these had been granted,guar-
antied, and protected by a new bill of rights, j
adopted in 1854, in the shape of the Kansas-Ne- 1
braska law. i
Then, again, as to the vote on the slavery clause, ;
he says:
" Let me ask. sir, is the slavery clause faulv submitted, !i
so that the people can vote for or against it'" Suppose I
weie a citizen of Kansas, and should go up to the polls and ;
say, ' J (lesne to vole to make Kansas a slave State ; here is 1
my ballot.' They leply to me, ■ Mr. Douglas, |ust vote for
that constitution first, ifiou please.' ' Oh, no" I answer 1
' I cannot, conscientiously."' |
This, Mr, President, is hardly plausible; fori 1
have already shown the fallacy of the Senator's
assumption, that the elector is to be required to
approve the constitution entire, before he can vote
for or against slavery. I now propose to show
that the Senator's plan would be liable to nearly
the same objections.
He insists that the constitution, as a whole,
should be submitted. Now suppose this had been
done with the slavery article in it, and he had
made his appearance at the polis as a pro-slavery
man. Looking at the constitution, he finds that he
cannot approve of the other provisions. He says,
" I wish to vote for slavery, but it is not possible
thatlcan swallow the bank and railroad scheme,
and the plan for courts and corporations in this
constitution. I cannot conscientiously do this;
and I must be deprived of the right to establish
slavery in the Territory." Then suppose he ap-
peared again as a free State man; the constitu-
tion in the main is very acceptable to him, and he
is exceedingly anxious to approve it, but it con-
tains the provisions recognizing slavery, which
he cannot approve; and again he is driven from
the polls. It will thus be seen how easy it is to
complain; but how will the Senator guard against
the repetition of similar hardships, under any law
Congress may pass? Certainly, he will not pro-
pose to prescribe all the action of the people in
convention. This has never been done, and never
can be done. The truth is, that the Senator m his
ardor to maintain what he conceives to be a just
position, has been driven into the use of abstruse
technicalities, and, in more instances than one
in this discussion, has dwelt upon alleged wrongs
in the proceedings of the Lecompton convention,
against the repetition of which he can in no way
1 protect the people.
In another part of his speech the honorable Sen-
ator remarks:
" lint I am be?eeched to waif until I hear fiom the elec-
tion on the 2lst of Deeombei. T am told that peihops that
will put u all nght, and will t-avo the whole difficulty. How
can it? Porhap.-. theie may be a iaige vote. There.may be
a laipe vote ieturned." [Laughter.]
Here, again, it is difficult to determine what he
means to allege. He says " there may be a large
vote returned." His language would seem to im-
ply an imputation upon somebody or power con-
nected with the election. Upon whom is it to fall?
Not upon his friend, John Calhoun, whom he has
indorsed to one of the Departments in this city as
a worthy and competent man for Surveyor-Gen-
eral. From whence, then, is the fraud to come?
No department of the Government here will have
an opportunity to do this, and none would em-
brace it. Then, where is it to be practiced ? By
those who conduct the election m the Territory ?
How they may act, I cannot say; but if there are
no honest men in Kansas to hold the election, then
the Senator cannot have a fair election under his
proposed remedy; unless, indeed, he has con-
i eluded that the Republicans out there have more
honesty than his own party friends. He will be
slow to say, however, that men who have resisted
the laws from the beginning,and so often incurred
iiis just indignation for their folly, are more reli-
able than the Democratic party I can only say
that, it he thinks this, he has changed his estimate
of the character of both parties within a brief
period. But, be this as it may, the Senator has
lamented an evil which he cannot remedy. Then,
again, he says:
a I care not how that vote may stand. I take it for
granted that it will be voted out I think I have seen enough
in the las-t three days to make it certain that it will bo re-
turned out, no matter how the vote may stand." f Laugh-
tei.J
Here is a second edition of anticipated fraud.
I heard with pain and regret these words as they
fell from the Senator's hps. How docs he know
that the slavery article will be <$ returned out,5t
no matter how the vote may stand ? What had
the Senator seen within three days to force this
conclusion upon his mind ? If he has knowledge
of a scheme of base fraud to cheat the people, or
to impose on Congress, I know he is the man to
develop it; and when so developed, no man will
go further than myself to punish the offenders.
If he cannot do this, then why allude to it at all ?
Why, in this unhappy manner and offensive spirit,
cast imputation upon those who have been, and
are still, his friends ? I can readily perceive—and
it is that which I most regret—how such a sen-
timent from so high a source is calculated to pro-
duce discontents and clamor about real or imagi
