1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 19,
to the decision of the question by the nation, of
whether the Constitution shall be preserved, of
whether the States shall remain coequal sovereign
parties of that Constitution; and whether the cit-
izens of all the States of this Union have equal
rights in the Territories of the Union. And if
these be decided against the South, they look to
the decision by the people of the South for them-
selves of the question of whether they will re-
main degraded inferiors, bound to the car of des-
tiny of the colossal power of the North, under a
violated Constitution, whose guarantees afford
them no protection or security; or whether they
will preserve their rights, their honor, their equal-
ity, and their independence, under a separate gov-
ernment.
I shall not discuss these questions with a view
of dodging the real issues, or concealing the dan-
gers which surround us. Honorable gentlemen
on the other side speak out, boldly and plainly,
their position. We cannot misunderstand them
any longer; and we of the South would be unwor-
thy of ourselves and of the people we represent,
if we failed to define, with equal clearness and pre-
cision, the position we occupy.
Now, sir, I have said that these resolutions
were precautionary. They were not adopted as a
hasty act. The South has made some flashes and
the North has taken advantage of them. Texas,
I am proud to say, has taken a position which
involves the necessity of consulting with her sister
States of the South; not depending upon the
action of politicians, butrestingon the will ofher
people; for it is a question which involves the
welfare of the whole South. The great issue ten-
dered to us by gentlemen of the North is, that no
more slave States shall be admitted into the Union.
Kansas is now but a mere pretext for this agita-
tion. Southern men, in my opinion, make a great
mistake when they express the opinion that the
admission of Kansas into the Union at the present
time will prove a finality of this slavery agitation.
I have heard of finalities before. 1 believed, in
1850, that the passage of the compromise meas-
ures would be a finality of this agitation, because
it decided thegreat principle of congressional non-
intervention with slavery in the Territories.
But if I could have looked forward to what has
transpired since that time, I would, for myself,
have gone out of the Union before I would
have consented to surrendereighty-four thousand
square miles of land belonging to Texas to the j
grasp of anti-slavery men. I was in favor of that
compromise, because 1 thought it would be a
finality to the slavery agitation. Experience has
shown how delusive are these finalities. And,
sir, when the question arose on the passage of the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, we were told again
that that would bo the end of the slavery agita-
tion, by the establishment of the principle of con-
gressional non-intervention with the subject of
slavery in the Territories. The proposition was
so reasonable, so constitutional, and so perfectly
removed every ground for agitation, it seemed to
me so just and so right, that again I believed we
had found a finality.
But we were disappointed in that just expecta-
tion. Agitation goes on, increasing in volume
and virulence. We are told now that the con-
trol of the Government is to pass from Demo-
cratic hands into the hands of a sectional major-
ity. We are warned in advance that we are to
have the intervention of the Federal Government
against the South. We see the action of northern
Legislatures. We see a disregard of the fugitive
slave law in many States; it is not universal, I
admit. We see that there is a determination to
exclude our people from the Territories. We see
a determination to resist the admission of any
more slave States. We see ail this; and do gen-
tlemen suppose, with our convictions of what the
Constitution is, and our understanding of the
character of the Federal Government, that the
States aie coequal sovereigns and the Territories
common pioperty, that theie is no ground for the
action of the Legislature of Texas? 1 think that
action is amply justified by the facts, and f am
proud that Texas has taken her position boldly.
J hope she will never back down from it. We
had better meet the issue while we have the
powei to do st).
AH we avk, and it is not much, is to be let alone.
Slavery m the States is a domestic institution with
which neither the Federal Government, nor the
free States, nor the people of those States, have the
most remote connection, except in so far as the
obligation rests upon them to carry out the com-
promises of the constitution. They are not re-
sponsible for slavery in the States where it is, and
yet some of them complain that the constitution
allows it. Some of them denounce the guarantees
of the constitution, but say; that they have no right
to interfere with slavery in the States. If they
have not, why this universal assault upon slavery
in the States, why tKese violent harangues, why
these denunciations of southern States? Why
continue a series of acts which, if they were com-
mitted between foreign nations, would be constant
cause of war ?
The issue tendered us by the North, as pre-
sented by them, and as indicated by the repre-
sentatives in this House and in the Senate, as
shown by the action of the northern States th rough
their Legislatures, as shown by the political press
of the North, as shown by the platforms and
avowed principles of the Republican party, as
shown by every index to the political sentiment
of that section, is, that no other slave State shall
be admitted into the Union. And there can be
no doubt that their fixed purpose is to continue
agitation until they extinguish slavery in the
States.
The issue, as accepted by us, is, shall the Fed-
eral Constitution and the sovereignty and equal-
ity of the States be preserved, and shall the Ter-
ritories be recognized as the common property of
all the States ?
The Republican party stand pledged to main-
tain their side of this issue, at whatever hazard;
and no member of that party dare deny this with-
out endangering his position and influence in his
party.
Are we of the South prepared to maintain our
side of this issue? This is the question.
For one, I am prepared to pledge myself to
maintain it; and, maintaining it, to ride out the
storm in the proud ship of State, the Constitu-
tion, freighted with all the hopes of the Union;
or, failing, to go down with the wreck.
I will conclude by the expression of the belief
that, if the people of the South would with one
united, defiant, and unfaltering voice, demand
their rights under the Constitution, they would
receive them at the hands of the North, and the
Union would be preserved. But if we continue
to temporize and resort to compromises and ex-
pedients, the Constitution will soon cease to pro-
tect our rights, and constitutional liberty be num-
bered with the things of the past.
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. WASH8URNE, of Illinois. As my col-
league is not in good health, I will, if he will
yield the floor for that purpose, move that the
committee rise.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman is not ready
to go on now, 1 will speak this evening, with his
consent, and he can have the floor for to-morrow
morning.
Mr. KELLOGG. If we are to alternate speeches
from the different sides of the House, it strikes
me that this yielding the floor is not the way to
get on.
Mr. STANTON. Is it in order to move that
the committee take a recess until seven o'clock?
The CHAIRMAN. As an original question
the Chair would rule the motion outof otder; but
he has been informed that such a motion has
been entertained heretofore.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. By unanimous
consent.
Mr. STANTON. I make that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to it.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. With the
consent of my colleague I have moved that the
committee rise. 1 have no objection, however,
to a ler-esx, jf it be agreed to by otheis. My col-
league is willing to go on with his speech at seven
o'clock.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
motion for a recess?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. S<> do I.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on the mo-
tion that the committee rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Adrain were appointed.
The committee commenced dividing, when
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: I with-
draw the motion that the committee rise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I think the gentle-
man cannot withdraw the motion when the com-
mittee is dividing.
The CHAIRMAN. There has been no decis-
ion on the question, and the rule is, that until
there has been some decision, the gentleman has
a right to withdraw his motion.
Mr. LAMAR. I submit, as a point of order,
that the question has been decided. The question
was first taken before the tellers were demanded;
and the committee is now proceeding to ascertain
what that decision is. The committee is voting to
ascertain whether the decision was for or against.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that no vote has been
taken, and until the vote is announced the gentle-
man from Illinois has the right to withdraw his
motion.
Mr. QUITMAN. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will yield to me, I will move that the com-
mittee rise, and I will not withdraw the motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield forthat motion.
Mr. &UITMAN. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. OWEN JONES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blair and
Haskin were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 42, noes 28.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the bill (H. R. No. 306) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the services
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1858,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. CLAY. I move that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. COVODE. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky must be first put.
Mr. STANTON. I call for tellers on that mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan
and Joan Cochrane were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 24.
The SPEAKER. That is not a sufficient num-
ber to adjourn over.
Mr. CLAY demanded the yeas and nays.
Fifteen members voted for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Eleven members sustained the call for tellers.
The SPEAKER. Tellers are not ordered; it
requires a particular number to order tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did not fifteen
vote in favor of the yeas and nays on the motion
to adjourn over ?
The SPEAKER.. Fifteen only.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is not fifteen more
than one fifth of those present?
Mr LETCHER. We have got beyond that
point, and we are now upon the question of toll-
Gl The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that there
was not a sufficient number to order tellers. The
Chair decides that the yeas and nays are not or-
dered, fiom the fact that fifteen is not a sufficient
number to order the yeas and nays on this mo-
tion, as it requires a quorum to adjourn over, and
fifteen is less than one fifth of a quorum.
Mr. CLAY. Does the Chair know whether
there is a quorum present or not ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not.
Mr. CLAY. It is to ascertain that fact that I
desne the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. There arc not enough voting
for the yeas and navs in any point of view.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. Cannot one fifth
of those piesent order the yeas and nays on any
question.'' H ia a constitutional provision.
