1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
Mr. LETCHER. I have a point of order to
raise upon that. The Chair took the vote upon the
call for yeas and nays, and announced that fifteen
only had voted for them. Tellers were then called
for, and eleven gentlemen rose, and the Chair
announced that there were not enough, and then
a division was called for.
The SPEAKER. A division upon what?
Mr. LETCHER. A division upon tellers, I
suppose. It could not have been upon the ques-
tion of yeas and nays, for that was passed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman knows that
it requires one fifth of a quorum to order tellers.
Mr. LETCHER. So I say; but the gentleman
from Tennessee is raising a question in reference
to the yeas and nays. He contends that fifteen
members can order the yeas and nays. Now, I
say we have passed that question; and now an-
other question has arisen, upon which the Chair
h&s acted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What was the call
for tellers for ?
The SPEAKER. Upon the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And consequently,
the question of yeas and nays was not decided;
and, if there were fifteen gentlemen in favor of the
yeas and nays, they were ordered, if that was
more than one fifth of those present.
Mr. COLFAX. I call the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to order. "When a motion is pending, which
is not itself debatable, no question of order arising
out of it is debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman as debating it. He is only
stating his point of order.
Mr. CLAY. I propose to submit a proposi-
tion which, if it is in order, will obviate all this
difficulty. The question seems to be, whether
there is a quorum present; and, to ascertain that
fact, I move a call of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing.
Mr. CLAY. I move that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. No business has intervened
since that question was decided adversely.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is it not in order to
have a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn must
be first put.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. COVODE withdrew his motion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Many members have busi-
ness before the Departments which they desire to
transact to-morrow. Many others desire to dis-
cuss the general policy of the country, and par-
ticularly the Kansas question. I propose that,
by general consent, we agree to adjourn with the
understanding 
Mr. CLAY. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union may take a re-
cess till to-morrow at twelve o'clock; and I pro-
pose that the House do now resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
with that view.
Mr. GROW. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. STEVENSON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affiimative—yeas G8, nays 17; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bingham,
Bishop, Blaii, Bocock, Brayton, Horace P. Claik, Claw-
son, Colfax, Coinuis, Covode, Cox, Dawes, Dodd, Dow-
deU, Farnsworth, Foley, Foster, Gartrell, Gilman, Gooch,
Grow, Haskin, Hoard, Hopkins, Howard, Iiuyler, Jewett,
Geoige \V. Jones, Ki'llogg. Lamar, Loach, Leiter, Letcher,
Mooie, Morgan, Morrill, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray,
Ohn, Parker, Pike, Potter, Quitman,Reagan, Ricaud, Rob-
bins, llobert?, Royce, ScaJcs, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Single-
ton, Robeit Smith, Spmner, Stallvvorth, Stanton, Tomp-
kins, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Window, Wortendvke, and John Y. Wright—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Brjan, Campbell, John B. Clark, Clay,
Cockcull, Davis of Indiana, Dewart, Dimimck, Faulkner,
Fioienee, Gtoesbeck, Owen Jones, Maynard, Pendleton,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, and Talbot—17.
Thereuponthe House (at half past five o'clock,
p. m.)adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 20, 1858.
The J ournal of yesterday w^s read and approved.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a message of the
President of the United States, communicating a
letter and decree of the Commissioner of the Uni-
ted States in China, made on the 4th of March,
1857, for tKe regulation of the consular courts of
the United States in China, have instructed me to
report a resolution declaring that no revision of
these regulations is requisite. As the attendance
of Senators is quite thin at present, I shall not ask
that the resolution be adopted now; but I presume
it will be agreed to as a matter of course when a
statement is made of its object. It is of some im-
portance that the opinion of the Senate should be
expressed as to the propriety of the regulations
made by the United-States Commissioner.
The resolution was laid on the table for the
present.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 161)
to admit the State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. WILSON. By an understanding among
ourselves that we have all entered into in regard
to this debate, it was arranged that the Senator
from Vermont and the Senator from Rhode Island
would speak before to-day, and that I was to speak
this morning. I took the floor last evening, but
I have concluded to yield the floor to the Senator
from Vermont and the Senator from Rhode Island
who have not spoken on this subject, and to post-
poneany remarks I may wish to make, until seven
and ahalfor eight o'clock,after others shall have
had an opportunity to be heard.
Mr. FOOT addressed the Senate in opposition
to the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS also entered into an argument
on the same side.
Mr. BRIGHT sustained the policy involved in
the course pursued by the friends of the measure,
and urged the immediate admission of the State
of Kansas.
The Senate then took a recess until seven
o'clock. Upon reassembling,
Mr. WILSON addressed the Senate, chiefly in
reply to the speech of Mr. Hammond, of South
Carolina, on the free labor of the North, which
he contrasted with the slave labor of the South.
[These speeches will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
The Senate then adjourned until ten o'clock on
Monday morning.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 20, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. A. Holmead.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The question was taken on the latter motion;
and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Letcher's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 306, to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priation for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1858, upon which Mr. Farns-
worth was entitled to the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, before
proceeding to the subject on which I propose to
address the committee this morning, as allusion
was made to me last evening by the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] as having proposed
an amendment to the Army bill, in reference to
the volunteers of the State of Texas, I wish to
say that I did give notice of that amendment in
good faith, with the intention of asking, for a vote
upon it, it not being in order at that time to offer
.an amendment; but, the previous question being
subsequently seconded, I had no opportunity of
doing so. This notice I gave, not with any pur-
pose of injuring the feelings of any gentleman from
Texas, but because I had understood, from the
resolutions of the Legislature of that State, that
that State had taken preliminary steps towards
secession from the Union in case Kansas should
be admitted under the Lecompton constitution.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say that Texas does
not desire to secede from the Union; and she only
fears that the Union will secede from her.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, if Texas does
not intend to secede from the Union-—and I do not
suppose she does—I am very well satisfied that
the amendment was not offered.
In the month of January last, at the city of
Moscow, in Russia, there were gathered together
a large number of the nobles and great men of
that great Empire, at a banquet in honor of the
abolition of serfdom in that despotism; and on
that occasion, in response to the first toast—"The
health of the Emperor"—the respondent said:
" The Emperor has struck at the roots of tliis evil. The
glory and prosperity of Russia cannot rest upon institutions
based on injustice and falsehood. The Emperor has ceded
this great reform, which he might have accomplished by his
own powerful will, by asking the nobles to take the initia-
tive. Let us, then, hail this noble idea, inspired by the sole
wish for the welfare of his people, with that enlightened
heartiness which may now be expected from Russia."
Thus the strange spectacle is presented of one
of the most absolute despotisms which ever ex-
isted emancipating its slaves, while the project is
hailed with "enlightened heartiness "as a " noble
idea" by the nation; whilst at the same time, in
this free and enlightened Republic, the Congress
of the United States is engaged from day to day,
and week to week, yea, and, I may say, from
year to year, in excited and fierce discussions of
the rightfulness and propriety of the extension of
a system of slavery a hundredfold worse in its
nature and effects than Russian serfdom.
For, after all, this Kansas question, whatever
may be said about the regularity of the formation
of the Lecompton constitution, or of its being the
constitution of the people, is really a question of
the extension or non-extension of slavery; as
such it is discussed, and as such it will be determ-
ined. And such has been the character of this
controversy ever since it was first proposed in the
Senate of the United States to repeal the Missouri
compromise by the passage of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill. In the remarks which I may now
have the honor of addressing to the House, I do
not expect to be at all singular in this respect.
I propose, briefly, to give some of the reasons
why I oppose the extension of the slave power,
by the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution; and first, I oppose it because it is
contrary to the genius and spirit flf our declaration
and Constitution, and the designs of the fathers
of the Republic, as exhibited in the history of the
Government, until a recent period. I know it is
now roundly asserted by the Democratic party,
that Congress has no rightful authority to inter-
dict or prohibit the introduction of slavery into
the Territories of the United States; that to do so
would violate the principle of the equality of
States; and that party has recently invoked the aid
of the Supreme Court, in the Dred Scott case—a
tribunal which sits yearly, in an appropriate dis-
mal room in the basement of this Capitol, where
one can easily realize Dickens's description of the
Foggy high court of chancery; and they have ob-
tained the side bar dictum of a majority of those
judges to sustain this doctrine. The President
of the United States wonders that a doubt could
ever have existed, that the Constitution carries
slavery into the Territories, and declares that
Kansas is as much a slave State as Georgia.
I knowthat in those opinions in the Dred Scott
case, made for political purposes, to aid a corrupt
party in subverting the principles of the Consti-
tution, some of those judges contended that the
Declaration of Independence does not mean that
all men were endowed with the inalienable rights
! of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, as it
1 reads; but that our fathers only meant all white
j men then in this country; that they were equal in
I rights with Great Britain,.&c., and that when the
j framers of the Constitution inscribed upon the
| porch of that temple of liberty the purposes for
