1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
this appropriation, I do not think any man who
gives attention to the subject, will deny. The ap-
propriation, as I have said, is small—one of the
smallest in the bill. I hope, therefore, the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
committee now take a recess until half past seven
o-'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it the object
of the motion to go on with this bill to-night?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I object to it.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ought, in good
faith to the committee, to say that I stated that if
the committee desired to rise, I wouid move to
take a recess until half past seven o'clock, when
no business should be transacted, except to ad-
journ.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee, and not
the Chair, mus£'decide that question.
The question recurring upon the motion that
the committee rise,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Chaffee were appointed.
Tfie committeedivided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 32, noes 88.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
com mittee take a recess till half past seven o 'clock,
p. m.
A division was called for.
Mr. KEITT. The motion is with the under-
standing that no business is to be transacted.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee can, by
unanimous consent, come to such a conclusion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand the prop-
osition to be that the committee shall take a re-
cess until half past seven o'clock, with the under-
standing that no business is to be transacted, and
no motion made, except that the committee rise.
Mr. KEITT. I shall vote very cheerfully for
that, as it is very clear that the House will do no
more business this evening.
Mr. McQ-UEEN. I desire to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the printing of all speeches and iras let off
in the eveninz sessions, after a recess shal! he taken, shall
be paid for by tile member or members making such speech-
es out of their own funds.
The CHAIRMAN. The resolution is not in
order. The question is on the motion to take a
recess.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. That was the last vote
taken.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there is no
business to be done I object to a recess.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit the point of or-
der, that without unanimous consent no such
motion can be entertained in the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from New York for a recess is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The question has
been put, and a division has been asked.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
question: The committee was dividing on the
question, Shall the committee take a recess until
half past seven o'clock?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. GROW. I submit that the motion is not
in Older. It is the last question on which we
voted.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is now di-
viding. The Chair has put the question on one
side, and is waiting to put it on the other.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to submit
a question of order to the Chair. If we were in
the House, a motion to take a recess could not be
entertained without unanimous consent, and if
objection was made, a motion to suspend the rules
would not be in order to-day. Now, this com-
mittee cannot do what the House cannot do, and
therefore the committee cannot entertain a propo-
sition to take a recess.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order made by the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to my friend from j
Tennessee to withdraw his point of order and al- j
low gentlemen to have a recess. There can be j
no harm in it. I understand that it is not pro- !
posed that any vote shall be taken after the re- ;
cess; and why not allow gentleman who have j
speeches to deliver, to come here and deliver them j
this evening, so as not to consume time which ]
would otherwise be devoted to business. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal from the !
decision of the Chair, entertaining the motion for
a recess. !
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask for tellers on the ap-
peal.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I wish to know whether, if 1
a recess is now taken, the consideration of this
bill will not be resumed when the committee re-
assembles, and whether it would be in order to
discuss anything but amendments to this bill
under the five-minute rule?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not under-
take to decide those questions until they arise.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I merely ask the question in
order to show that no practical good can result
from a recess.
Mr. QUITMAN. I agree with the gentleman
from Tennessee, that the committee has no power
to take a recess unless the House has granted it
liberty so to do, and that the committee has no
right to originate a new order of business.
Mr. V/ASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has not the
debate been closed upon this bill, and if the com-
mittee take a recess, will not the debate be limited
to five minutes'discussion of amendments to this
bill?
Several Members. Of course.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises. The Choir entertains the
motion for a recess, because the Chair is not will-
ing to overrule the former piactice of the com-
mittee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There has been
no such practice.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is stating what
he understands to have been the practice of the
committee. The gentleman from Tennessee ap-
peals from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Pet-haps we can
arrange this matter by a compromise. If the mo-
tion for a recess be withdrawn, will it not be con-
, ceded by all gentlemen here that, by unanimous
■ consent, we will take a iccess until half past seven
o'clock, with the understanding that no business
shall be done ?
; [Cries of " No !" " No ''']
' Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will withdraw
' the motion, if that will be the unanimous consent.
I The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
i appeal from the decision of the Chair,
j Mr. UNDERWOOD. The motion for a recess
I is withdrawn, and the appeal falls with it.
I The CHAIRMAN. Is the motion of tlicgen-
S tleman from New York withdrawn ?
i Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand so. j
j Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The proposition to j
I withdraw the motion was conditional. j
j Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the j
I committee do now rise.
I Mr. BLISS. That motion is not in order,
i Mr. GROW. I submit that that was the last
; question voted on by the committee.
: The CHAIRMAN. The gen tleman from Ten-
i nessee has taken an appeal from the decision of
! the Chair since the motion was voted on, and
! business has intervened.
| Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I withdraw the
i motion to take a reccss.
i The question was taken on Mr. Smith's mo-
; tion; and it was agreed to.
j So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
1 resumed the chair, Mr. Smith, of Tennessee, re-
| ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
| state of the Union had had the Union generally
I under consideration, and particularly a bill (H.
j R. No. 800) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
I ending June 30, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and on that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. RUFFIN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
i.egislvnye, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to have the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial bill, which has been
returned from the Senate with amendments, taken
up and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
There being no objection, it was so ordered. ,
Mr. RUFFIN. I hope the motion taadjourn
will new be put.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask the yeas and nays upsn
that motion.
payment of witnesses.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume my friend from
North Carolina will allow me to ask the House
to pass a bill appropriating $12,000 to pay wit-
nesses who are attending here before committees
of the House.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to anything out of
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman cannot cer-
tainly wish to keep the witnesses here without
their pay ?
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUFFIN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 renew it.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The yeas and nays were taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 74; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ailrain, Alii, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Baiksd.ile. Bowip, Bianch, Bryan, Chapman, Horace F.
Claik, John B. Claik, Clay, John Cochrane, CockcriH,Cor-
nui!?, Cox, Jamcis Craig, Crawfoid, Curry, Davis of Indi-
ana/JJavis 01 Mississippi, Dowdfill, Rdmnndson, English,
Ea-tiHj Fenton, Floieuee, Foley, Gartrell, Greenwood,
Gregg, Groesbecfc, Hatch, Hawkins, IIiH, Hopkins, Huy-
ler. Jack-on, George YV. Jones, Kent, Jacob M. Kunkel,
Licidy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Humphrey Marshall,
Mason, Maynard, Millson, Isaac N. Morns, Niblack, Pen-
dleton. i'eyton, Phillips, Quitman, Reagan, Ricaud, Ruffin,
Russell, Scale*, Ilenry M. Shaw, Singleton, Robert Smith,
William Simih, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot,
GeoigeTaylor, Undei wood, Watkm*, Whiteley, Winslow,
Wood, Woitendyke. and John V. Wright—77.
NAYS—Messrs Abbott, Andrews, Bingham, Bliss, Buf-
finton, Biirlinaame, Bums, Case, Chaffee, Clawson, Clem-
ens Cobb, Colfa\, Connns, Cragin, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Dnrfee, Farns-
worth, Foster, Garnett, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin,
Giow, Thomas L. Ilarns, Hoard, Houston, Howard,
Ihi^hes. J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelly,
KeUey, Knnpp, Lovejoy, Matteson, Miles, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill,Oitvei A. Moise, Mott. Murray,01m, Palmer, Pettit,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, Robbms, Roberts, Royee, Sandidge,
Aaion Shaw, Judson W.Sherman, Samuel A. Smith, Spin-
net, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Miles Taylor,
Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Cadwalader C.
WaJhbarn, EHihii B. Washburne, and Wilson—74.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five o'clock) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, May 19, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Smith Pyne, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
The VICE PRESIDENT, in accordance with
the order of yesteiday authorizing the Vice Pres-
ident to fill the vacancy in the Committee on the
Judiciary occasioned by the resignation of Mr,
Toombs, appointed Mr. Sebastian.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting copies of all correspondence,
vouchers, and other papers, having reference to
the accounts of Edward F. Beale, Esq., late su-
perintendent of Indian affairs in California, which
are on file or record in the Departments or the
Treasury and Interior; which, on motion of Mr.
Gwiv, was ordered to lie on the table; and a mo-
tion by him to print it was referred to the Oom-
mittee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury relative to the present
condition of the finances of the Government;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions of the
Legisiatu.ro of New York, against the enactment
