166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
portunity to vote for them. The opinion enter-
tained at that day, so far as I can learn, has never
been questioned by any respectable authority,
until anti-slavery agitation, for its own purposes,
brought about the state of affairs now existing in
^Kansas. Even during that period of anti-slavery
agitation, when Missouri applied for admission
into the Union'asaState—when the restriction was
imposed whose removal I favored in the Kansas-
Nebraska act—it was not contended either that
a constitution framed by representatives legally
authorized to act was not the act of the people of
Missouri; or that it was necessary or proper to
submit the proposed constitution to a direct vote
of the people. It was reserved for later days, for
those of our own time, to start into being this new
theory. If it be, as its friends and admirers claim
for it, a vital principle, why has it slumbered so
long without having been recognized even in de-
bate ?
Mr. President, it has always seemed to me that
those who concede the legality of the Lecompton
constitution and acknowledge the force of the
Kansas-Nebraska act, surrender the whole argu-
ment. To reject an act framed by a convention
which had the authority to pass it in that form,
is unquestionable intervention. It is the setting up
of our will against that of the people affected, as
expressed by a lawful and competent body. Itis
saying to Kansas that our convictions shall pre-
vail against hers, although the latter have been
announced in due form of law.
It will not do at this late day, after a struggle
which convulsed the country from center to cir-
cumference, to say that the Kansas and Nebraska
act was not an enabling statute, but only amounted
to an authority to petition for redress of griev-
ances. The people of Kansas, or any portion of
them, or any recognized body, legal or illegal,
would have had such a right independent of the
Kansas act. Whatever may be our view of pres-
ent questions, let us at least hold on to wh.it we
have gained in the past in its full integrity. The
Kansas and Nebraskaactmeantmore than a mere
authority to petition for redress of grievances. It
had a far deeper significance and import. Itgave
form and iife to the Territories; but left them, after
their organization, perfectly free to regulate their
own domestic affairs, through their own legally
constituted governing authority, subject only to
the Constitution of the United States. If that
means a bare authority to be heard in the form of
a petition, truly was the victory which we thought
would bring peace to the country barren and fruit-
less. I adopt no such opinion. No such construc-
tion was given to it in discussion. That act con-
tained two great ideas which at the time received
my cordial approbation, and are no less dear to
me now; they are, first, non-intervention, and,
secondly, acquiescence in the action of the legally
constituted territorial governing authority, subject
to the provisions of the Kcderal Constitution. To
them will I hold so long as they stand in plain,
unmistakable language, unrepealed, upon the stat-
ute-book, let whosoever may desert them or im-
pair their force by fanciful interpretations
1 have said, Mr. President, that there was no
obligation resting upon the convention to submit
any portion of the constitution to a direct vote of
the peoplq. The convention, however, moved by
considerations of expediency, submitted what
acting-Governor Stanton called " the great dis-
tracting question "to the peopleof the Territory.
There was no dispute of any moment save on the
question of slavery. That Kansas should be con-
stituted into a State; that it should be republican
in form, with the usual division of legislative,
executive, and judicial departments, all were
agreed. The Lecompton convention,acting upon
this idea, submitted the only vexed question, and
the friends of Topeka, true to their former course
of faction, refused to vote. They had proclaimed,
before the constitution was framed, that it was
their purpose to reject it, no matter what provis-
ions it contained. Although accounting them-
selves the especial champions of freedom, they
suffered the slavery clause to be incorporated in
the constitution, rather than vote for the remain-
der of a constitution which has been the subject
of but little complaint. In plain words, they re-
fused to vote because it was made by a set of del-
egates duly elected under authority of law, in-
stead of being madeby another, elected in defiance
of it. They ended in faction what they had begun
in rebellion. By no act of mine will I give aid,
comfort, or countenance to any such movements.
If it be alleged that the " free-State party," as
it termed itself, received pledges that the entire
constitution should be submitted to the people, I
answer, in the first place, that they were unwor-
thy recipients of any such, if made; and,, sec-
ondly, that no one had any authority to make
such save the convention itself; and if made, were
extra-official and void.
Even if I had been inclined to look with favor
upon the policy of the submission of constitu-
tions to a direct vote of the people, and believed,
further, that the wishes of a large majority of the
people of Kansas had been disregarded in the
formation of the Lecompton constitution, still I
should not have been prepared to vote against ac-
cepting it. The present aspect of the slavery ques-
tion demands that merely abstract opinions should
be sacrificed to the welfare of the whole country.
It seems to have been the constant and unceasing
effort of a certain party in this country to foment
strife, and array one section against another.
Throughout the whole of my political life, I have
been in firm and decided opposition to that party,
and I expect to remain so until its close. I look
upon this constant agitation of the question of
slavery as dangerous to the continuance of the
Union. It has already, within my own recollec-
tion, weakened the bonds of fraternal regard be-
tween North and South. I consider it to be the
first duty I owe to my country to use every effort
in removing from the arena of national politics
this disturbing cause. To that end, nothing can
be more, acceptable to me than to transfer all the
difficulties of Kansas from this floor to the proper
forum of their adjustment, within the limits of
that Territory. No matter what had been my
personal convictions on theabstractmatters which
have been the subjects of debate during the latter
part of the session, I should joyfully have wel-
comed any proposition whose object was to lo-
calize within comparatively narrow limits what
has been a cause of irritation to the whole coun-
try. Such, 1 understand, is also the position of
the great party with whom it has ever been my
pride to act, and of the distinguished statesman
now the Chief Executive of the Union. The pres-
ent is not the first occasion in which the Demo-
cratic party has stood in opposition to agitation
or faction. Heretofore it has always been suc-
cessful. I trust the same fortune awaits itagain.
No matter how fierce may have been the contests
which it has waged, it has always returned from
the field of victory increased in power. What it
has lost by defection, it has more than gained in
permanent strength. The history of the country
is the illustration of its triumphs. To the almost
total exclusion of all other parties, it has impressed
itself upon the legislation of the country. Its pen
has written your statutes. No law which it has
pressed but has been adopted; none that it op-
posed, but has been defeated or repealed. Apos-
tates, inflamed by disappointments, have turned
m new-born hate against it, and have rended them-
selves. It lias flungdefiance to insult from abroad,
and has stood the champion of the Constitution
at home. It has added untrodden millions of acres
to your domain, and has made the flag of the
Union honored on every sea. To the fortunes and
progress of that noble party I intend to adhere.
If it be overtaken by defeat, I know that it will
rise again with greater ability to fulfill the mission
which I believe Providence has intrusted to its
hands. That mission will never be one of alien-
ation, discord, or faction. It will be one of peace,
of union, of progress.
To me it is a subject of congratulation, that, in
the present crisis, we have in the executive chair
a patriot whose firmness and courage have often
been tried. He belongs not to that class of men
whom excitement unnerves. Clamor has no ter-
rors for him. In the present case he has calmly
surveyed the whole field. He has taken his po-
sition and intrenched himself there. He has
viewed the question before us in all its bearings,
present and future, and has decided in favor of no
section, lie has recommended a course which, if
adopted, will prove a measute of peace to the
whole country. Ills counsel is eminently wise
and proper. He has brought to the examination
of this matter a practical and sagacious mind,
thoroughly familiar with all the facts of the case.
He has announced to us with great clearness what
are his convictions. I trust they will receive the
consideration to which they are entitled, both
from their intrinsic value and the distinguished
source from which they come. In that event, we
may again congratulate ourselves and the country
that another cause of agitation has been removed
from the Halls of Congress.
Mr. WILSON obtained the floor, and the Sen-
ate took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
evening session.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock.
kansas lecompton constitution.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 161)
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union. There were very few Senators present
when the Vice President took the chair;
Mr. TOOMBS. As we have met, according to
the understanding of the Senate, and the benches
seem to be full, [laughter,] I move that we take
the vote on this interesting question. I think it
is abandoned pretty much on this side of the
House. Gentlemen have given up their opposi-
tion to it. They have had some notions to deliver
merely for the country. They have no idea of
arguing this question for the Senate. I suppose
there is 110 idea of continuing it. They have had
opportunities of speaking to their various con-
stituencies in Massachusetts, Vermont, and the
rest of the New England States. There are six
of those States; they are small, it is true, but they
have occupied a great deal of our time and atten-
tion. As many as ten of their representatives in
this body have spoken for the universe on this
question We have given them all that time. I
suppose that now having given them full time,
we can take judgment nil dicil, without any ob-
jection. I move that we take the question upon
this important measure. We have Deen discuss-
ing it for some days. I was well aware from
the beginning, that these gentlemen had no other
idea except to amuse the country; that there was
no real opposition to this measure. The great
pretext which these gentlemen have been making
for their opposition to this measure, that it was
against the popular will, everybody knows they
laugh at'beiiind the pillars, because the funda-
mental principle of the Black Republican creed is
the right to make constitutions for all the new
States. They have gone for a prohibition to ex-
clude slave States, and holding the idea that there
shall be no more slave States, they go not only
for cramming constitutions down the throats of
majorities, but against absolute unanimity.
This issue which they have been making is only
for New England, for some of the tender-hearted
women who ore in favor of progress—spinsters
who are left in that country. I apprehend that the
whole purpose is accomplished. The newspapers
are filled with their speeches; we have paid the
Globe a largo sum of money; and this whole story
has answered all its purposes. There never was
any serious objection to the passage of this meas-
ure. Everybody wanted Kansas to come in, but
this is considered a part of the show to go to the
country. As we have gone through the show, as
some of these gentlemen have duplicated their
speeches on us, two three,and four times, I sup-
pose that they will be content to close this busi-
ness now, as this is Saturday night, and go home
for Sunday prayers, and trust to Providence.
Mr. WILSON. Is the Senator from Georgia
ready for the vote?
Mr TOOMBS. Yes, sir. The fact is, that
according to the old New England idea, this is
Sunday, and I have conscientious scruples about
being here after the sun goes down on Saturday.
[Laughter.] I hope 1 shall be backed by the gen-
tlemen who represent the land of steady habits.
We ought not to be here after the sun goes down.
Even the great principle of human liberty, I think,
will not warrant it. I hope, therefore, that we
shall settle this business, go home, go to sleep,
get up to-morrow, and go to church, and leave it
to the Representatives of the people in the other
House.
