2228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
of any law which may remove the charge of the
light-house system from the custody of the pres-
ent board; which were ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of New York, in favor of the Pacific railroad bill,
introduced by the Hon. John S. Phelps, of Mis-
souri, in the House of Representatives; which
were ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying that a pension may be granted to
Polly Egbertson, widow of a soldier in the war
of the Revolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. GREEN presented two petitions of citizens
of Missouri, remonstrating against any change in
the application of the proceeds of the lands granted
to Iowa for the improvement of the Des Moines
river; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of presi-
"dents of marine insurance companies, composing
the board of marine underwriters of Philadelphia,
praying that an appropriation may be made for
the construction of a breakwater on Crow shoal,
in the Delaware bay; which was ordered to lie on
the table, for the reason that the Committee on
Commerce have passed upon the subject.
Mr. IVERSON presented a memorial of R. C.
Jones, a mas'ter in the Navy, who was placed on
the furlough list by the late board of naval offi-
cers, and subsequently transferred to the leave-of-
absence pay on the reserved list, praying to be
allowed the difference between furlough pay and
that of leave of absence; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
He ako presented a petition of Charles M.
Perry, praying compensation for services as a
clerk in the office of the Treasurer of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of William
B. Herrick, a surgeon in the Army during the war
with Mexico, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. POLK presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that the public lands may be
laid out in farms or lots of limited size for the free
and exclusive use of actual settlers; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yesterday, on
my motion, the memorial of T. P. ShufFnor, in
regard to the oceanic telegraph, was referred to
the Committee on the Post Officc and Post Roads.
Other papers relating to the same subject have
been referred to the Committee on the Judiciary;
and I move that the Post Office Committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of this
memorial, and that it be referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the me-
morial of the trustees of the Columbian College,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation and that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred two petitions of
citizens of Maine in relation to the boundary line
between the United States and the Province of
New Brunswick,asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel Bromberg,
submitted an adverse report.
Mr. ICING, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Cynthia
Cony, reported adversely thereon, and that the
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary E. Laniard, re-
ported adversely thereon, and that the commit-
tee be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
report of the Secretary of War, in answer to a
resolution ®f the Senate, relative to the purchase
of Lime Point, in California, for military pur-
poses, asked to he discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to. It appears
that the Secretary of War has suspended all ne-
gotiations for the purchase of Lime Point, and
ordered all the papers to be returned to the De-
partment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the papers relating to the claim of J.
M. Pommaies, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, and that they be referred
to the Committee on Claims; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of George M. Weston,
commissioner of the State of Maine', submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 380) to pro-
vide for the payment of the claims of the State of
Maine for expenses incurred by that State in or-
gamzingaregiment of volunteers for the Mexican
war. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief
of Brevet Major H. L. Hendnck, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
225) to increase the pension of John Richmond,
reported it without amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 21-1) for the relief of Regis
Loisel, or his legal representatives.
A bill (H. R. No. 250) for the relief of Pierre
Gannon, of Natchitoches, Louisiana.
A bill (H. R. No. 327) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Mane Malines.
A bill (S. No. 317) for the relief of Thomas L.
Disharoon.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on the
Judicial y, who were instructed by a resolution
of the Senate to inquire into the subject, leported
a bill (S. No. 381) to provide for the taking of
private property for public use after allowing
just compensation therefor; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a number of resolutions on that sub-
ject, reported a bill (S. No. 332) to amend the
existing laws relative to the compensation of the
district attorneys, marshals, and cleiks of the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
318) for the relief of Joseph Bard & Co., J. Caul-
field, and Joseph Landis & Co., asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideiation, and that it
be referred to the Committee on the Post Oihce
and Post Roads; which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. There has been referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary an omnibus piesent-
ment from the grand jury of the United States for
the northern district of Florida, recommending
an increase of the salary of the judge of that dis-
trict; an increase of the compensation of jurors,
witnesses, and officers of the courts for that dis-
trict; complaining of the irregularities of the mails
throughout that State; recommending that the mail
service between Savannah and Florida be changed
to tri-weekly service; recommending that certain
lots in St. Augustine, reserved for a marine bar-
racks, be granted to the State for a seminary of
learning; recommending the preservation of the
ancient Spanish fort in that State, the construction
of a prison,"and the repair of the court-house in
St. Augustine; and complaining of the negligence
of the Government timber agent in that State.
The Committee on the Judicialy make an adverse
report on this presentment, so far as it relates to
the subject of the salaries of the judge and other
officers, and the repairing of the court-house; and
ask to be discharged from the remainder of the
presentment.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the petition of
George Chorperiumg, praying the passage of an
act to construe the act of March 3, 1857, for his
relief, and also the joint resolution (S. No. 36)
on the same subject, have instructed me to ask
that they be discharged from their further consid-
eration, and that theybe referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, having no
connection whatever with the action of the Ju-
diciary Committee. I will state, in connection
with it, the views the committee take: that it
would neither be wise nor expedient that a con-
struction which has been given to laws by the ex-
ecutive department of the judiciary should be re-
vised by the Committee on the Judiciary. The law
itself, if it does "not carry out the intention of Con-
gress, from any cause whatever, ought, of course,
to demand further legislation. Whether that
further legislation should take place, is the sub-
ject of inquiry, and ought to be the suhject of in-
quiry by the committee that has jurisdiction over
the subject-matter itself. It is on that ground that
we ask to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of George Chorpenning, to
submit an adverse report. In this conncction, I
will say that the claim, as presented, has one
feature in it—that of a claim under the intercourse
law—which the committee have reported against;
but in the memorial and statement of facts i^ the
documents, there is another claim, as a mail con-
tractor, which ought to be considered by the Post
Office Committee. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, without expressing any opinion on that
branch of the subject, choose to recommend that
it be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFENSE OF LIEUTENANT ANDERSON.
Mr. CLAY. On the day before yesterday I
offered a resolution calling for information from
the Department of War in respect to the claim of
Blocker, Gurley, and Davis, against the Govern-
ment. The Senator from Geoigia [Mr. Toombs]
objected at the time to its consideration. I un-
derstand that he will not now object to the con-
sideration of the resolution, and 1 hope it will be
taken up and passed.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate the papers filed in the Department
in support of the claims of Blocker and Gurlej, and Jamca
F Davis, counsel employed in the defence of Lieutenant
Anderson and ! -> detachment, arie.sted by the civil author-
ities of Texas while tn the discharge of their official duties
undei the oideis ot General Ilarney.
The resolution was agreed to.
POST OFFICE DELIVERIES.
Mr. KING. I submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That tiie Committee on the Po-t Office and Post
ltoad? be insti ucted to inqune whethct the Post Oilice jaws
authonze a po-tma-tcr to ielu-«e to deliver lotteis to a pei-
noii authoi t/.ed to icreive them by the poisons to whom the
letters arc addre^ed. and whether any legislation is requued
on this subject, and to upoit by bill ot otherwise.
I offer this lesolution, having conferred with
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, who preferred that it shall he
over, to which 1 have no objection. It is offered
on account of complaints which have been made
of a refusal to deliver letters at the post office at
Brooklyn, New York.
The resolution lies over.
"WILLIAM WALKER'S ARREST.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Pie^id^nt be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate all coriespondence, instiuctions and or-
deis, not iieretolore communicated to either branch otCon-
gicss, connccted with the oirost of William Walker and
his associates by the naval loices undei the command of
Commodore Fauldin<r, including all the correspondence be-
tween linn and the Navy Department since the arrest of
Walker in relation tlieieto, or in relation to the property
or persons sei/.ed by the forces undei his command, and
including aI>o copies ot any letters, oideis, or instructions,
if any. addi e«-ed to Commodore Paulding, which may have
been subsequently withdiawn from him by the Navy De-
paitment, and the reasons foi such withdrawal.
ISTHMUS OF TEHUANTEPEC.
Mr. PUGH submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Re\o!re<1, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether any offoits have
been made or authorized bj tht* executive; department or
any officer theieof, to induce the Government of Mexico
