ii&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
hot. I do not think that enters into the question
whether this constitution should be submitted to
the people or not. I hardly understand the mo-
tive for ransacking the newspapers, the journals,
and every scrap of information, to "see what my
course for twelve years has been on the slavery
question.
Suppose it to be true, as it is, as stated by the
"Senator from Pennsylvania, that in 1848 I was
desirous of abiding by the Missouri compromise,
and extending it to the Pacific ocean, as recom-
mended by Mr. Buchanan in his letter of the year
previous; and suppose it to be true, as it is, that
in 1854 I brought in a bill to repeal that Missouri
compromise, which the President of the United
States now approves of. When he establishes
these two facts, he only shows that Mr. Buch-
anan and myself stood together in that inconsist-
ency; but I do not think that is a material argu-
ment on the question whether popular sovereignty,
to which he and I are both pledged, shall now be
violated in Kansas. I am not going into a dis-
cussion of the point whether the President and
myself were both right in 1848, in being for the
extension of the Missouri line to the Pacific, or
whether we were both right in its subsequent
repeal; I have discussed those questions hereto-
fore. I am willing that my record shall stand,
and let the public judge whether I was right or
■wrong, on either or both those occasions.
The Senator has taken pains to hunt up a
speech which I made at Springfield, Illinois, on
the 12th of June last, and to read passages from
thai speech bearing on one part of the subject,
and then to read paragraphs from my speech here
on another branch of the subject, and hold them
both up as if there was an apparent inconsistency
between them. It may be so. What does it prove,
if it be so ? Does it prove that I am wrong now ?
I ask the gentleman to answer the argument I
have presented now, whether or not the people
of Kansas ought to be permitted to vote upon the
adoption of their constitution. The quotation
which the Senator has made from my Springfield
speech goes to this extent: that in my opinion the
Kansas law providing for a convention, was fair
and just in its provisions; that I had faith that it
would bo fairly executed; that I thought it was
the duty of the citizens to vote, and if they stayed
away, it would be their own fault. That is the
substance of what he quoted. If lie had quoted
what I said in my speech the other day, on the
same subject, no explanation from me would
have been necessary. Here is what I said in the
Senate a few days ago:
" So far as the act of the Territorial Legislature of Kan-
f>as> calling this convention was concerned, T have always
been under the impression that it was fair and just in Us
provi&ions. I liave always thought the people should have
gone together en masse and voted lor delegates, so that the
voicc expressed by the convention should have boon the
unquestioned and united voice of the people of Kansas. I
liave always thought that those who stayed away irotn that
election s-tood in their own wrong, and should have gone
and voted, and should have furnished their names to be put
on the registered Ifst, so as to be voters. I havealwavs held
that it wn< then own fault that they did not thus go and vote;
but yet, if they chobc, they had a light to stay away. They
had a right to say that that convention, although pot an un-
lawful assemblage, is not a legal convention to make a gov-
ernment, and hence we are under no obligation to go and
expte&s any opinion about it. They had a right to say. if
they clior-e,1 We will stay away until we see the constitu-
tion they shall frame, th<? petition they tliaH send to Con-
gress^ and when they Mibimt it to us for unification wc will
vote for it if we like it, or vote it down it we do not like
it.' I say they had a right to do either, though I thought,
and think yet, as good citizens, they ought to have gone and
voted ; but that was their business and not mine."
If, when the Senator quoted my Springfield
speech as to the fairness of the law, he had quoted
what I said the other day on the same point, he
would have found that they were in perfect har-
mony, instead of being in antagonism. I confess
it struck me that there was a want of fairness, a
want of candor in bringing in from one speech
remarks on one point of the subject and then bring-
ing them in antagonism with remarks in another
speech on a different branch, and applying the
extracts as if they related to the same subject.
If the law was fair in its terms, as I supposed
itwas, what was my objection? I will tell you. At
that time it was understood that the convention
was to assemble for the purpose of framing a con-
stitution to bo submitted to the people for accept-
ance or ratification; hence I said I believed it was
fair, not only in its provisions, but in its objects;
for its avowed object was to frame a constitution,
to be submitted to the people for ratification. I
had seen at that time the inaugural address of
Governor Walker, in which he said the constitu-
tion was to be submitted, in which, in substance,
he said that he was instructed by the President
and Cabinet to insistupon its submission, and in
which he said that if the constitution were not
submitted he would use every effort to cause it to
be rejected by Congress, and that he spoke for
one higher than himself when he made that pledge.
Thus I had been informed that the executive
Administration,including the Presidentand every
member of the Cabinet, had given a pledge to the
people of Kansas that this constitution should be
treated as null and void unless it was submitted
to them for ratification. That being the object,
the provisions of the law being fair on their face,
I did not doubt that the President intended to
redeem his pledge. I did not doubt that Mr.
Walker was instructed to do what he had done.
I did not doubt that Mr. Walker was acting in
good faith. I did not doubt that the President
was acting in entire good faith in giving the in-
structions. I therefore believed that the pledge
was to be redeemed, and that the constitution was
to be submitted to the people for acceptance or
rejection. Under that belief, I did not hesitate to
say that not only the provisions of the law were
fair, but its objects were fair, and that I believed
it was to be carried out in good faith. That was
my opinion, and under that state of the case X
expressed that opinion.
I am not going into a discussion of the ques-
tion of how far the President has redeemed the
pledges given through his instructions to Gov-
ernor Walker, and repeated by Governor Walker
in his inaugural. I hear men here denouncing
Governor Walker for his interference in the local
affairs of Kansas. I am not aware that Governor
Walker has interfered in the slightest degree, ex-
cept in pursuance of instructions given by the
President of the United States, and Admitted and
acknowledged by the President in his message.
I have never supposed thrt the agent was to be
denounced for obeying instructions,and the prin-
cipals to be applauded forgiving the instructions.
I admire the manliness of the President of the
United States in stating that he did give those
instructions to Governor Walker, and assuming
the responsibility of them now. I only regret
that he considers that perhaps it is wise, from
motives of expediency, to accept this constitution
without ratification, when he says he thinks it
ought to have been submitted, and expresses his
disappointment that it was not submitted. The
Senator from Pennsylvania tells us it ought to
have been submitted. Then letusdo what ought
to have been done. If it was right to submit the
constitution to the people, wny not let us do right,
and let the policy and expediency of the measure
take care of itself?
But the Senator from Pennsylvania takes pains
to repeat what my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Green] so well said in his speech in regard to
the number of States which had been admitted
into the Union without enabling acts, and the
number which had been admitted into the Union
without their constitutions having been submit-
ted to the people for ratification. The Senator
from Missouri had reason for stating those cases,
for he understood me to make it a point, a sine
quit non, that there should be an enabling act in
each case, and that the constitution should be
submitted to the people. But after the explana-
tion I then gave, correcting the Senator from
Missouri for the error into which he had unin-
tentionally fallen, I did not expect to hear the
Senator from Pennsylvania repeating the same
argument, and assigning me the same position as
if I had not disavowed it. I said before, and I
say now, that the great cardinal point is, that the
constitution must be the act of the people, and
embody the will of the people of the proposed
State. If it has been formed, and there is no dis-
pute as to its embodying their will, if it is re-
ceived by unanimous consent, as a fair expres-
sion of the popular will, it may be received in the
same way as a court enters judgment by default,
orjudgment by confession, where the parties have
had an opportunity of being heard, and nobody
objects. I admit there have been cases where a
State has been received into the Union without
submitting its constitution to the people, because
there was no dispute as to the constitution being
the popular voice. As I said before, the true test
is, is the constitution an embodiment of the popu-
lar will? If it is not, it must be rejected. If it
is, it may be received, although the proceedings
have been irregular.
I repeat that the best mode of ascertaining the
disputed fact of its being the expression of the
popular will, is submission to the people at a fair
election, where the voice of every bona fide voter
may be heard. The President of the United States
agrees with me in his message that that is the
fairest and best mode "of ascertaining the popular
voice. Then why not adopt that mode of ascer-
tainment in this case, it being denied that this
convention does reflect the popular will, or that
the constitution embodies the popular sentiment?
The principle is that the constitution must be the
embodiment of the popular will. Submission is
a means and the fairest and best means of ascer-
taining that fact, and hence that general rule
ought to be adhered to in all cases whatsoever. I
did not doubt that it would be adhered to in
regard to Kansas, when this convention was
called.
The Senator quotes that part of my speech in
which I referred to the opinion of the Attorney
General, and of General Jackson's administration
in the Arkansas case, to show that a convention
called without authority of Congress was null and
void, so far as it assumed to be a body having au-
thority to institute a government. The Senator
does not deny that such was the opinion of the
Attorney General in that case. The Senatordoes
not deny that such was the opinion of the Pres-
ident of the United States at that time. He pleads
the statute of limitations as to the President; and
I said the other day that if he would show me the
authority of the President for saying that the Pres-
ident had changed his mind since, I would never
repeat that authority upon him; for a wise man
will change his mind if he thinks he is wrong.
But I deny the right of the Senator to come in and
quote the President of the United States as against
me on this point, if he stands on the record say-
ing, with me, that a Territorial Legislature has no
power, no authority, to call a convention having
a right to institute government, without a previous
act of Congress. Does the Senator now say, will
he say, that he is authorized expressly or impli-
edly by the President to state that he has changed
hi3 opinion on that question ? I apprehend not.
I referred to that record because it stood uncon-
tradicted and unchanged. There is nothing in
the message, so far as 1 have seen, which now re-
verses that opinion of the President. The Pres-
ident has a right to recommend that the constitu-
tion formed at Lecompton shall be received, and
Kansas admitted under it into the Union as a
State; but he has not done so. The President has
refused to say that the Kansas convention was a
legal convention authorized to institute govern-
ment. The President may have used words which
may have misled the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The President has said that convention was called
by a Legislature which had been repeatedly rec-
ognized by Congress. True, the Legislature has
been recognized, but the convention has not been;
and the President does not say that the Legisla-
ture had the legal authority to call a convention
which was authorized to institute government.
The Senator is determined that he will not under-
stand the distinction between a convention having
authority to petition, as in the Arkansas case, and
a convention authorized to institute government,
as in the cases under enabling acts.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow me to
say a word ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER I maintained throughout the
whole of my speech that the people of Kansas
have an enabling act; that the law of 1854has con-
ferred on the people of Kansas legislative power
on all rightful subjects of legislation. I went on
further, to say that, in my opinion, to make pro-
vision for the preparatory steps to a convention
for the formation of a constitution by the election
of delegates by the people, was a rightful subject
of legislation. Furthermore, that bill expressly
clothed the people of Kansas with full authority
to make their domestic institutions, and to make
them in their own way. It is because of this lan-
guage, that I hold, that in the case of Kansas, there
is an enabling act.
One point more. The honorable Senator from
