1858.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I have a very small matter of
account to settle with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and as it only concerns
myself, it is not material that anybody but him-
self should be present. In a speech pronounced
by him on the 4th of February—which I did not
hear at the time—he made certain quotations from
a speech of mine delivered some years ago, and
he did me (unintentionally, I have no doubt)
very marked injustice. I did not reply at the time,
because I did not chance to be in my seat. He
quoted two paragraphs from my speech, and
quoted them correctly. He then quoted what
purports to be a third paragraph from the same
speech; but I never should have known that it
was taken from the same speech if he had not so
stated; because, having read the whole speech
over since, I find no such paragraph as the third
one in it. It is only by that landmark that I was
enabled to trace out in what speech of mine it was
intended to locate that third paragraph, to which
I now call the attention of the Senator and of the
Senate. He says—attributing the language which
he quotes as being said by me in the speech al-
luded to:
" The Senator makes professions of devotion to the Union.
In the veiy speech from which I have before quoted, the
Senator says that—
"' Our people have been calculating the value of the
Union." * * * " I tell you candidly we have cal-
culated the value of the Union. Love for the Union will
notkeep us in the Union."
" The whole tone, temper, and sentiment look not to the
support of the Union as our fathers made it, but to the tri-
umph of a sectional southern policy, to the expansion of
slavery, or to the ultimate overthrow of the Government of
this country."
Now, sir, no such paragraph as is here quoted
appears in the speech in which the first two par-
agraphs, quoted by the Senator fi'om Massachu-
setts, appear.. It is a speech delivered by me on
the 30th of January, 1850, m the House of Rep-
resentatives, and reported at pages 250-258, and
along there generally, of the Congressional Globe
of that year. The three sentences embodied in
that paragraph may possibly be found in the
whole body of the speech. I believe they may
be, by dividing sentences, and taking detached
-portions of paragraphs, and putting them together.
What I assert is, that no such paragraph appears
in the speech, and that the three sentences put
together make up a paragraph which wholly dis-
torts the meaning of the speech; and that I may
set myself right before the Senate and the coun-
try, I shall send to the Secretary's desk,and ask
to have three paragraphs, which 1 have marked,
read from that speech, m which, if any three sen-
tences bearing the meaning of the three I have
read appear at all in the whole speech, they will
be found. I ask the Clerk to read the three short
paragraphs which I have marked, to show what
was the general character of the speech, and to
show that the Senator from Massachusetts, in at-
tributing that language to it, andsaying that it con-
tained such a paragraph, wholly misconceived the
general scope and design of that speech. It was
not,as he assumed, a disunion speech; it was not
a speech showing that I was seeking the disrup-
tion of the Union; but, on the contrary, in all its
amplitude, so far as my feeble ability could make
it, it was emphatically a Union speech. I do not
come here now, nor did I stand in the House of
Representatives in 1850, as the especial and par-
ticular defender or eulogist of the Union. I am
content to feel and know, in my heart of hearts,
that I am for the Union; but I never was one of
those who believed that the Union was to be saved
by singing peans to its fame or to its glory. It
is to be saved by other means, if it is to be pre-
served at all. I do not care to detain the Senate.
I want to set myself right; and I ask that those
three paragraphs be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Throw an impartial eye over the history of the last
twenty years, and answer me if there is anything there
which challenges our devotion : Who does not know that
time aftei time we have turned away in sonow from your
oppiessions, and yet have come back clinging to the Union,
and proclaiming that,' with all her faults we loved her still.'
And you expect us to do so now, again and again; you ex-
pect us to return, and, on bended knees, crave your for-
bearance. No, you do not; you cannot think so meanly of
us. There is nothing m our past histoi y which justifies the
conclusion that we will thus abase ourselves. You know
how much a high-toned people ought to bear; and you know
full well that we have home to the last extremity. You
know that wo ought not to submit any longer. There is not
a man of lofty soul among you all who, in his secret heart,
does not feel thatweoueht not to submit. If you fancy
that our devotion to the Union will keep us in the Union,
you are mistaken. Our love for the Union ceases with the
justice of the Union. We cannot love oppression, nor hug
tyranny to our bosoms." ******
" I tell you candidly, we have calculated the value of the
Union. Your injustice has driven us to it. Your oppres-
sion justifies me to-day in discussing the value ofthe Union,
and f do so freely and fearlessly. Your press, your people,
and your pulpit may denounce this as treason—be it so. You
may sing hosannas to the Union—it is well. British lords
called it treason in our fathers, when they resisted British
tyranny. British orators were eloquent in tlieir eulogies on
the Biitish Crown. Our fathers felt the oppression, they
saw the hand that aimed the blow, and they resolved to
resist. The result is before the world. We will resist,
and trust to God and our own stout hearts for the conse-
quences." ********
" I repeat, we deprecate disunion. Devoted to the Con-
stitution—reverencing the Union—holding in saered re-
membrance the names, the deeds, and the glories of our
common and illustrious ancestry, there is no ordmaiv ill
to which we would not how sooner than dissolve the polit-
ical associations of these new States. If there was any
point short of absolute rum to ourselves, and desolation to
our country, at which these aggressive measures would cer-
tainly stop, we would say at once, go to that point and give
us peace. But we know full well, that when all is obtained
that you now ask, the cormorant appetite for power and
plunder will not be satisfied. The tiger may be driven from
his prey, hut when once he dips his tongue in blood, he will
not relinquish his victim without a struggle."— Congres-
sional Globe, Thirty-First Congress, first session, page 259.
Mr. BROWN. In a single word, I want to say
that that speech was pronounced in 1850, calmly,
deliberately, upon full consideration. It has been
extensively criticised since, in my own State and
in the papers, North and South. I stand in the
presence of the American Senate to-night to say
that I indorse every word and syllable of it, and
am prepared to vindicate it; but I do not stand
prepared to be charged with having uttered alone
and without connection the language quoted by
the Senator from Massachusetts. All ot us know
how easy it is to snatch out a sentence hero and
a sentence there, from a speech, and put them to-
gether and make up precisely what the speaker
never intended to enunciate. Take the speech in
all its amplitude, and I see nothing in it of which
I feel ashamed; nothing which I am not prepared
to indorse in this or any other presence.
I stand here to-night prepared to say, in the
connection in which I then used the language,
that we have calculated the value of the union.
We calculated it, as I then said, to ascertain how
much oppression we could bear before we threw
it off. I do not belong to that school of politicians
who believe that the Union is paramount to ev-
erything else. I put the rights of the States above
the Union; I put the sovereignty of the States
above the Union; I put the liberty of this people
undertheConstitution above the Union. All these
were above it in the beginning; to all these the
Union in the beginning was subordinate; and, so
far as I have power, it shall remain subordinate.
1 can fee! a proper degree of devotion to the Union
without feeling that all power is concentrated in
the Union, that it is paramount, that the States
must succumb to it, that the sovereignty of the
States must pale in its presence, that the liberty
ofthe people must bow down in the august pres-
ence of this Union. I believe no such thing, and
will act upon no such principle. The Union was
made by the States; itis subordinate to the States;
and, within its proper sphere, I will stand by it
and make as many sacrifices as anybody else
to maintain it. But I will sing no peans to the
Union. I do not stand here as its especial and
particular eulogist. The rights of my Slate, the
rights of my oppressed section, are worth more
to me than the Union. I have said so before, here
and at home. I say so now; and, if that is to be
disunion, let it be so.
Mr. BRODERICIC. I hope the Senate will ad-
journ. I suppose that the Senator from Georgia
considers tins bill dead, and for that reason it
makes very little difference to him whether the
vote be taken to-night or at any other time. 1
suppose there is a majority m favor of it in this
House, but I understand that in the other part of
the building there is a large majority against it.
I am unwilling to sit here with eight or ten Sen-
ators to listen to speeches; I would rather hear
' them in open day, with a full Senate. Therefore,
as there is no hurry to take the vote, I hope the
Senate will adjourn to Monday.
Mr. TOOMBS. Take the vote now.
Mr. BRODERICIC. Well, sir, if other gentle-
men who are interested in the question were pres-
sent, I do not know that I should have much ob-
jection to taking it now; but there are several
Senators absent who are very anxious to speak
upon the question before the vote is taken. I
believe that the Senator from Connecticut, {Mr.
Dixon,] the-Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bay-
ard,] the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]'
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stu.vrt,] ana
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Gbebn,] are
all desirous of speaking, and I may speak myself
upon this question on Monday. I hope, there-
fore, since there is -no desire on the part of the
majority to obtain this question, since, they are
satisfied there is nota majority in the other House
in favor of it, that the Senate will adjourn to-night,
and take up the question on Monday, and pro-
ceed to consider it from day to day until all the
Senators have spoken. Then, sir, I shall be
ready to take the vote. I have not made any
bargain with the Republicans or with the majority
wing of the Democratic party in the Senate. I
hope the Senate will adjourn until Monday at
twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does, the Senator
make that motion?
Mr. BRODERICK. Yes, sir.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Before the .Senator from Geor-
gia has the vote taken, I will make an explana-
tion to the Senator from Mississippi. I quoted
from a speech made by that Senator in 1850. I
had his speech before me at the time, and read
several paragraphs from it. I believe the Senator
does not find fault with them. I quoted, how-
ever, three sentences, which, on looking over it,
I find are contained m the speech, but not in a
paragraph. I found those three sentences which
I have quoted going the rounds of publication
as the opinions of the Senator from Mississippi,
which called my attention to the speech itself;
and having the speech before me, I made several
quotations, some of which have been read to-
night, and used those three sentences without ex-
amining particularly as to whether they made a
whole paragraph. Indeed, they do not profess
to be a whole paragraph, for they are marked as
separate quotations, with asterisks between the
sentences. I do not think, however, on examin-
ing the Senator's speech, that those quotations do
him any injustice. The speech he then made was
a bold, frank, and manly utterance. It was a com-
plete statement of his views, feelings, and policy.
I have before me to-night a speech made by Col-
onel Bissell, the present Governor of the State of
Illinois, in which he quoted some eight or ten par-
agraphs of this speech of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, to show that disunion sentiments were
entertained by members of the House at that tirpe;
and he commenced his quotations by quoting
largely from the speech of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. I think Mr. Ashmun, of my State,
quoted the Senator also, to the same effect. I be-
lieve it will be found in this same volume.
Now, sir, all that I quoted from the Senator is
to be found in his speech. There are, it is true,
qualifications running through his speech—lim-
itations of his declarations; but the speech, I
think, will sustain the assertion I made, that its
tone and its temper were threatening; that a dis-
solution of the Union was a. contingency to be
looked at; and that in case certain events should
take place, the dissolution of the Union might fol-
low. I believe the Senator from Mississippi went
home and ran as a candidate on the doctrines of
this speech. At any rate, I know there was a great
contest in the State of Mississippi between the
Senator's friends and Governor Foote; that it was
one of the most severe contests in the history of
the country, between the friends of the compro-
mise measures of 1850 and the secessionists, who,
I take it, were a class of men generally under-
stood in the country to be disunionists.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all., j.i
Mr. WILSON. I know there was a qualifica-
tion there, but after all, practically, it amounts to
the same thing. i will say, however, that the Sen-
ator to-night has stated his views, and repeated
the doctrines of that speech. I do hot wish to do
that Senator injustice here, or in my own section
