1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
isiSb
to annul or impair the grant of February 5, 1853, for the
construction of a plank road and railroad across the fsth--
mus of Tehuantcpec, as recognized m the treaty published
at Washington on the 30th of June, 1854, and to obtain a
new grant of thp same or like character, for other parties ;
and, if 5.0, that he communicate the names of those parties
together with the terms, conditions, and considerations of
the grant, and all the correspondence connected there-
with. Also, that the President be requested tn inform the
"Senate whether any contract for transporting the mails,
troops, or munitions of war of the United States, across the
Isthmus of Tehuantepee, has been made, or is now in coursc
of negotiation ; and, if so, that he communicate a copy of
such contract or proposition, with all the correspondence
and papers relating to that subject.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in the following bills;
which were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands:
A bill (8. No. 378) to enable the Columbian
College, in the District of Columbia, to found and
establish a professorship of agriculture and me-
chanical science, and to complete her endowment
fund, and for the honefit of the public schools of
Washington, District of Columbia.
A bill (S. No. 379) to enable the Columbian
College, in the District of Columbia, to establish
a professorship of agriculture and mechanical
science,and to complete herendo\vmentfund,and
for the benefit of the public schools of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President this day approved and signed
the following acts:
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to au-
thorize the President of the United States to cause
to be surveyed the tract of land in the Territory of
Minnesota belonging to the half-breeds or mixed
bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians,
and for other purposes," approved July 17, 1854.
An act to provide for the collection and safe-
keeping of the public archives in the State of Cal-
ifornia.
An act for the prevention and punishment of
frauds in land titles in California.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him some days since:
Resolved, That after to-day, and for the remainder of the
session, the t-pecial order shall not be taken up until the
hom of one o'clock, unless otherwise oide;ed by the don-
ate.
Mr. IVERSON. I think it must be obvious to
the Senate that it is impossible to do any other
business, except the appropriation bills, unless
we devote two hours every day to the considera-
tian of morning business. I think one o'clock is
quite early enough to take up the special order.
For the rest of the session it is probable that the
reading of the Journal itself will at least occupy
half an hour every morning. The Journal be-
comes larger and longer as the session advances !
to its close. Then petitions will be presented as ;
they are now being presented very numerously, j
and also reports from committees. As the ses- i
sion comes to a dose, the committees are reporting !
cases in their charge, and it will take up another j
half hour to make reports; and there are resolu- <
tions to be offered during the morning hour which |
must necessarily consume a portion of the time, j
so that one hour will not be sufficient even to read i
the Journal and transact the ordinary morning '
business. I propose to amend this lesolution so j
as to incorporate the following: i
And that, after thepiesentationof petitions, tepoits from ;
committees!, and resolutions, the remainder of the two morn- ,
nig hours shall be devoted, unless otherwise ouleted by the !
Senate, to the consideiation ot such hills upon the 1'rivate j
Calendar as. shall not give rise to debate, until the Pnvate ,
Calendar shall be gone thiough with. !
I suppose it will not take more than one or two !
mornings to consider the Private Calendar in that!
way. Then we can take up cases that are ob- j
jected to, or any other business the Senate may I
think proper to transact. It is important to get j
off the docket the cases to which there is no ob- j
jection. Doubtless there are many which arc so i
meritorious that nobody will object to them. Let j
those bills be passed and go to the House of Rep- j
resentatives, so that they may stand some chance ]
of being considered there. j
Mr. BAYARD. If I understood the resolution !
correctly from its reading, I shall certainly object
to it. We give one day to private bills, and I have
no objection whatever to their being acted upon
on that day; but there are other bills of a public
nature on the Calendar; and if we take up the
Private Calendar every morning of every day of
the week we exclude those bills, for they cannot
be taken up at any other time without interfering
with the special order. There are three bills
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
which it probably will not take half an hour to
pass; but still they are important to the general
business of the country. Ought you to exclude
them, as practically you will by this resolution,
because the special orders and appropriation bills,
after two hours, will take the whole day? If you
appropriate an hour in the morning to the Private
Calendar in addition, you practically defeat all
other bills. If the resolution be modified so as
to include other business besides private bills, I
will not object to it.
Mr. IVERSON. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Georgia to strike out the word " private,"
and say " bills on the Calendar."
Mr. IVERSON. The Senate can order'what
business shall be taken up. I think it better to
postpone the special order each day until one
o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I renew the amendment
striking out the word " private."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the following amendment offered by the Senator
from Maine:
£lAml that, aftei the presentation ofpetition«, reportsfiom
commit tees, and rejoin him-j, the remainder of the two morn-
ing houis shall be devoted, unless otherwise ordeiedM the
Senate, to the eon>ideiation of such bills on the Calendar
a-> shall not «ive ikc to debate, until tho Calendar shall have
been gone through with."
Mr. HUNTER. Is that in order ? It involves
a change of the rule. Is it in order to make that
change without a day's notice ? 1 believe the rules
require one day's notice to be given.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has"been lying on the
table for several days.
Mr. HUNTER. But not this change of the
rules.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a mere amend-
ment of it.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment involves a
change of the rules; the original resolution does
not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule only re-
lates to the presentation of petitions and reports
from standing committees.
Mr. HUNTER. But here is a new rule pro-
posed to be established to consider only those
bills that will not £ive rise to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
if is like making a special order.
Mr. HUNTER. We make a special order for
a particular bdl, but 1 do not undcistand that we
can make special oidcrs of all bills that do not
give rise to debate. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a mere direc-
tion in regard to business.
Mr. STUART. 1 hope tho Senator fiom Maine
will, withdraw the amendment. It will only lead
to confusion and difficulty. If he will just let the
original resolution pass, so that the special orders
shall not come up of their own force until one
o'clock, it leaves the Senate in the intermediate
time to take up any business it thinks proper. I
would sly,to the honorable Senator it may be just
as imprff&nt to pass a bill in the morning; hour,
of a public character, that will lead to a debate
of ten minutes, as one that will not. It is alto-
gether better, therefore, I submit to the Senator,
to withdraw the amendment entirely, and let the
original resolution stand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 differ with the Senator
in opinion on that subject. That is the only
trouble on that point. I do not think any of these
difficulties will arise. It is very true that a pub-
lic bill that gives rise to a debate of ten minutes
may be as important, and more important, than
others; but the difficulty is that you strike on a
bill that gives rise to debate, and" it prevents the
passage of others. My desire is to accomplish
something in the way of legislation; and at this
late day of the session we cannot do much, unless
by common consentwe go through and pass such
bills as are not objected to, Ir carxiake very little
time; and as we include both public and private
bills, wc may accomplish a great deal in that way;. ■
Having done that—and it cannot take much time
—we can return and take up bills that give rise
to debate. I think a great deal of good will be
done by it, and I will not withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. I have seen the operation of
this rule m the House of Representatives, and
occasionally we have had it in the Senate. I think
it gives rise to a great deal of bad legislation. A
bill is presented; you do not understand it; you
do not like to get up and prevent the action of the
Senate on it, because it does not seem to be cour-
teous to the gentleman who presents it; and the
consequence is that very often mischievous bills
are allowed to pass without proper examination.
It seems to me fair if we devote two hours each
day to business other than the special order, that
the Senate should determine at the time what'busi-
ness it will consider. There is a great deal of jus-
tice in what the Senator from Michigan has said.
It may often happen that a bill which is very im-
portant and ought to be acted on, may give rise
to a debate often, fifteen, twenty, or thirty min-
utes. If it gave rise to more, the majority could
control it, could lay it on the table and take up
bills that would manifestly not lead to debate.
Mr. IVERSON. y object is not only to fa-
cilitate business, but to prevent the confusion that
arises every morning from moving to take up spe-
cial and particular bills. Unless we have some
regular order of business, we shall have proposi-
tions morning after morning, to take up a special
proposition out of its order that gives rise to de-
bate, and does injustice to the others. I think we
had better have some regular order.
The amendment was rejected, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senate to take up
a bill from the House of Representatives (No.
2) donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts. I
gave notice that I should call it up yesterday, but
I was notable to do so.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to suggest to my friend
from Michigan that I have a joint resolution of
considerable interest to my constituents, relating
to the regulation of public buildings in Philadel-
phia; and it is important that it should be dis-
posed of.
Mr. SEWARD. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator from Pennsylvania; and that
is, that he raise his voice so as to make his coun-
sels heard on this side of the Chamber, where •
they are so much respected.
Mr. RIGLER. I was appealing to the Sena-
tor from Michigan to allow me to have a resolu-
tion passed in relation to the regulation of public
buildings in Philadelphia. Itis a measure of con-
siderable importance, which will require but a very
few minutes; but unless it be passed now, the work
of changing those buildings must be stopped and
delayed. The resolution, as reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, is
satisfactory to my colleague, and I think to all the
parties concerned, and I trust the Senate will in-
dulge me by passing it. T know the bill of the Sen-
ator from Michigan will occupy time, and involve
debate.
Mr. STUART. If I were atliberty, I ccrtainly
would withdraw the motion, but I am under ob-
ligations to call up this bill. I gave notice that I
should do so yesterday, but the consideration of
other public business prevented it.
Mr. B1GLER. This bill will occupy the whole
day; and I appeal to the Senator 
Mr. STUART. Itis not pleasant to me to deny
a personal request of the Senator; but really I must
insist on my motion.
Mr. PUGH. We might as well take a test vote
on taking up that bill. It has never been favor-
ably recommended by any committer of either
House. Probably it is the largest proposition for
the donation of public lands that has ever been
here. We cannot consider it at this time; and I
think, instead of wasting the precious hours that
remain, on a question which, if it comes up, will
be debated at great length, we may as well take
a test vote on the question of taking up the bill;
and I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered
