1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M9
Illinois must have omitted to catch a remark or
•two which I made. I said, expressly, that the
Senator did not hold an enabling act to be indis-
pensable in all cases; .but ho does so hold as to
Kansas, and he proposes to send back to the peo-
ple all they have done, and to institute proceed-
ings here which they must carry out. I have said
•that, in my judgment, under his law, the people
there can adopt tlieir own mode. They can do
that, because the law of Congress says they can
do it. I said further, that the Senator could not
convert me to his views until he repealed that part
of the act of 1854 which said they might do this
precise thing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then the Senator holds, as
I understand, that under the Kansas-Nebraska act
the people of Kansas have a right to form a gov-
' ernment whenever they please, in whatever mode
they please, and to demand admission into the
Union as a State. He says that because the law
provides that they are to establish their own insti-
tutions in their own way, they may adopt just
such way as they please; and as they have power
to legislate on all rightful subjects of legislation,
they may legislate on just such subjects as they
please. I do not so understand it. Under his doc-
trine of allowing; them to come in in their own way,
I suppose the Topeka people would come in very
easily, that being their way. I hold that the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act was not intended as an enabling
act; and I hold that no man in this body ever
dreamed, a year ago, that it was so intended.
The Senator has told a long story which I do
not intend eVer to discuss, about his consultation
with me at my house, to get up an enabling act
to authorize the people of Kansas to form a con-
stitution. What was that grave consultation of
which he speaks for, if no enabling act was ne-
cessary ? Why were we meeting in these con-
sultations to get up an enabling act, if there was
already one in the organic law ? Why did Pres-
ident Pierce recommend in his message an en-
abling act if he understood the organic law to con-
tain one ? Why did the Committee on Territories
report an enabling act if they understood the or-
ganic law to contain one? Why did we sit here
day and night to weary out the Republican mem-
bers on the other side, and pass an enabling act
go as to get Kansas into the Union, if it was un-
necessary? We made it a party measure; we con-
certed upon it as a party measure; we passed it
by a strict Democratic vote; with every vote on
the other side of the Chamber against it; we were
then struggling for an enabling act; and I under-
taken say that it was not hinted, so far as I know
or believe, from any quarter, at that time, and
never dreamed that the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
an enabling act giving a right to the people to
come into the Union when they pleased.
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator will allow me
I will answer that point for myself. I was in-
clined to do it in my regular speech. I have
given the motives which impelled me to action on
that occasion. I have said that I disliked the
proposition, because it was, to some extent, an in-
fringement upon the doctrine of non-intervention.
I said so on this floor, when a Senator from Del-
aware, not now with us, [Mr. Clayton,] sub-
mitted a bill in reference to Kansas. I supported
the Toombs bill, not as an ordinary enabling act,
but in view of the peculiar circumstances which
surrounded the case. There had then been no
regular movement made in that direction in Kan-
sas; the population was far below what anybody
would deem proper for the admission of a State;
but I was impressed with the idea then, as I am
now, that Congress would do the country and
Kansas a service by getting that Territory into
the Union as a State at the earliest hour possible.
I went for the measure, because it was an invita-
tion to those people which they might not have
anticipated under all the circumstances. There
was oneportion of the people, it is true, attempt-
ing to get into the Union in some form or other.
I thought in view of the excited state of the public
mind there, such a measure might be justified.
It was a peculiar measure; the Senator will agree
with me that it was no ordinary enabling act. It
furnished even the officers to execute the law.
But, sir, what views the Senator may have had in
reference to it, is not for me to say. I have only
given the impressions that were on my mind. I
think I intimated very clearly, that it should not
be my purpose to sacrifice anything to the mere
idea of consistency, in an exigency so critical as
that which surrounds us.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not refer to that meas-
ure for the purpose of arraigning the Senator's
consistency. I have nothing to do with the gen-
tleman's consistency. I do not attach so much
importance to that, as others do. I only referred
to it for the purpose of showing the understand-
ing of the Executive branch, evinced by a special
recommendation; the understanding of the Com-
mittee on Territories, shown by a special report
to this body; and the understanding of the Sen-
ate, as evinced by the extraordinary exertions
used to carry through an enabling act for Kansas,
in order that a State might be legally formed.
The fact was, that a movement had then been
made to form a State in Kansas irregularly. We
thought it was better to have it done regularly
than irregularly; and as there was no authority
of law by which the Legislature could call a con-
vention without our interposition, we reported a
bill, in pursuance of the President's special rec-
ommendation to pass such a law; and the Senate
made it a party measure. What is more, it was
specially made a party measure on which to fight
the presidential election. We were not satisfied
to go before the people fighting the Topeka move-
ment, without ourselves authorizing the people
to form a State government legally. This was
got up as a party measure upon which to elect
Mr. Buchanan; and when we forced it through
the Senate as a party measure, we said to the
Republicans on tne other side of the Chamber,
" If you do not take it this year, you will have
to take it the next." But I find there is not much
disposition to stand by the measure for twelve
months, and have them take it now. I only ask
my friend from Pennsylvania now to stand by
thi' same measure after the election, that we did
before the election. I only ask my Democratic
friends here to help me to carry out now, the same
identical bill to which we stood pledged before
the election, and which we formed as the basis on
which the presidential election should be fought.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator is clearly insist-
ing that I shall be consistent in all that I do on
this subject. That is a very unreasonable request.
The Senator has disposed of that subject for him-
self, by frankly saying that he does not claim to
be, nor pride himself on being, always consistent;
that not a month passes over that he does not
change some impression upon his mind. Now,
he should give me the benefit of that charitable
rule; but I do not want it. In this case, I do not
think I need it. I have stated the peculiar cir-
cumstances which impelled me to favor that meas-
ure, although at the same time believing that, if
the people acted according to law, and by author-
ity of their own Legislature, in an orderly way,
they would have a perfect right to make a State
constitution, and come here and ask for admis-
sion under it. The people who made the Topeka
constitution had not done that. They had pro-
ceeded without the color of law, in disregard of
the territorial law and the law of Congress. If
they had had the law and the order of the Le-
compton convention, as much as I dissented from
its details, I think I should have differed then with
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania falls into the mistake of supposing that I
was alluding to him rather than to the whole party
of the Senate, when I was urging the acceptance
of the measure which we supported in 1856. I
was speaking of the united Democratic party of
last year having, as one man, come together on
the bill called the Toombs bill 
Mr. MASON. The Senator will indulge me
for a moment. There was one member of the
Democratic party who did not vote for that bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator had waited a
second, he would have heard me finish the sen-
tence by saying that the Democratic party had
united as one man on this Toombs bill, only two
or three voting in the negative, not because an
enabling act was notnecessary, but because it con-
tained a bill of rights which was supposed to re-
peal what were called the odious laws of Kansas,
and that was regarded by some is an interference
with their domestic institutions. The negative
votes therefore were predicated on the express
ground that the bill of rights contained in the
Toombs bill was inconsistent with the organic
act in annulling some of the " bogus" laws; but
I undertake to say that no man voted against it
on the ground thatan enabling act was not proper
and necessary.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator indulge me
for a moment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I speak for none but myself. I
did not vote against the bill; I did not voteatall.
I refrained from voting because I found from the
current of debate that it was believed on the part
of thojse with whom I a.cted politically that aueh
a law was necessary to extricate the Territory of
Kansas from the condition in which it was, by
forming it into a State. That was the current of
the debate as I understood. I should have voted
for the bill in order to carry out this policy of ex-
tricating the Territory from th£ condition in which
it was by giving to it a law to create a State, but
that I believed the passage of such a law by Con-
gress, was in derogation of the whole principle
and policy of the Kansas act; and therefore I
did not choose to separate myself from my friends
by voting against it, but I refrained from voting.
That is my recollection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. When the Senator says such
a law was in derogation of the Kansas act, does
he mean that part of it which authorizedthe con-
vention, or that which annulled the "bogus"
laws ?
Mr. MASON. 1 mean the whole of it. I con-
sidered that the intervention of Congress, in pass-
ing a law authorizing the people of Kansas to
form a State constitution, was taking from them,
by implication, the power granted to them in the
Kansas act. I am free to admit, that the other
provision to which the Senator has alluded was
even more obnoxious, because it interfered with
their domestic legislation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I understand the Sen-
ator from Virginia to occupy the position that the
Kansas-Nebraska bill itself was a sufficient en-
abling act. By it, the people were authorized to
form their institutions in their own way; and,
therefore, they were autliorizedby that act, when-
ever they pleased, to call a convention and form
a constitution, no matter whether they were five
thousand or ten thousand people, with such bound-
aries as they saw proper, and fix it all in their
own way, and come here and demand admission
into the Union as a State !
Mr. MASON. That may be the Senator's con-
struction, but it is not mine, by any means.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let us see. The Senator
understood that the Kansas-Nebraska bill con-
tained an enabling act. If it did, it gave the
authority to the people of Kansas to form a State
constitution and come into the Union then, when
there were not two hundred inhabitants in the
Territory, or at any subsequent time when there
should be five thousand, or ten thousand,or fifteen
thousand, or twenty thousand inhabitants in the
Territory. The same construction would author-
ize the people of Nebraska to-day to call a con-
vention and demand admission into the Union,
either with their whole empire, or with curtailed
boundaries, as might suit their convenience. I
did not understand, and I never supposed that
anybody who voted for the Nebraska bill under-
stood, that we were giving our consent thatafew
people rushing in there, without numbers suffi-
cient fora community, without organization, had
a right to come and demand admission into the
Union, until Congress should first authorize it.
Mr. MASON. I suppose not.
j Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, I will not carry on
! the discussion with the Senator from Virginia.
| My object is not to place any man in an incon-
I sistent position, or to criminate any one. My
[ object is to defend the right.
j Mr. MASON. I did not interrupt the Senator
j from any fear in the world of any position in
■ which he would place me by his argument. I did
I it only because the Senator said the whole Dem-
ocratic party in the Senate had united in the policy
of passing the bill designated as the Toombs bill;
each member being governed, as I presume, by
his own reasons. Hesaid, amongst otherreasons,
that one great object was to make use of that meas-
ure in the presidential election, and he^assigned
other reasons. I wanted only to put in a dis-
claimer for myself, and for myself alone, that I
refrained from voting for the bill, and had various
reasons for doing it, the chief of which was the
one I have mentioned.
