1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
require neither constitution nor statute to hold our
property, nor do you to hold yours, except your
human property; for the Almighty made it prop-
erty when he gave man "dominion" over it.
Tlin property the people of the free and the slave
Saites alike may remove to the Territories, and
hold it there. Thus we are equal. But you have
under your State laws a " peculiar" kind of
property, which is, go far as the common lav/ is
concerned, an outlaw, a species of property for
which you cannot show a patent from the Al-
mighty—a kind of property which we have not—
which neither our State laws nor the common
iaw will allowus to have; and you want the right
to carry this peculiar property into the Territo-
ries—a right which we have not. I say, sir, that,
instead of that being equal justice, it would be
very unequal. This would be allowing the peo-
ple from a part of the States of this Union not
only the right to carry their property with them,
but to transfer their peculiar laws and institutions
also.
I presume that my proposition—that slavery is
unknown to the common law and can only exist
by virtue of municipal law—will not be disputed;
but lest it should be, I will cite a few cases in
point.
In giving his decision in the celebrated Som-
mersett case, Lord Mansfield said:
" The state or slavery is of such a nature that it is inca-
pable of being introduced on any reason, moral or political,
but only by positive law."
In the case of Rankin to. Lydia, (2 Marshall,
page 479,) the supreme court of Mississippi say:
" We view this ["the condition of slavery] as a right ex-
isting hy positive iaw, of a municipal chaiacter, without
foundation in the law of nature or in the unwritten or com-
mon law."
The supreme court of Missouri, of Louisiana,
ofGeorgi?, ~nd, in fine, of every slave State in this
Union, have decided the same. It is useless to
multiply cases. (Harry vs. Decker, Walker's
Reports, page 42, Missouri; Martin's Louisiana
Reports, page 114.)
Why, sir, this equality of State doctrine, as
now taught and construed by the Democratic or
Administration party, (the slavery propagating
p.arty of the present time,) is, like the other dis-
covery of that party, that all men who labor are
slaves, a recent discovery. In December, 1837,
John C. Calhoun introduced into the Senate of
the United States some resolutions, one of which
embraced that doctrine. It read as follows:
" Resolved, That the Union of these States rests on an
equality of lights and advantages among its membeis ; and
thai whatever destroys that (-quality tends to destroy the
Union itself; and that it is the solemn duty of all, and
more especially of this body, which represents the States
in their corporate capacity, to resist all attempts to discrim-
inate between the States in extending the benefits of the
Government to the several portions of the Union ; and that,
to refuse to extend to the southern and western States any
advantage which would tend to stiengthen, or renderthem
more secuie, or increase their limits or population by the
annexation of new territory or States, on the assumption,
or under the pretext, that the institution of slavery, as it
exists among them, is immoral or sinful, or otherwise ob-
noxious, would be contraiy to that equality of rights and
advantages which the Constitution was intended to secuie
alike to all the members of the Union, and would, in effect,
disfranchise theslaveholding States, withholding from them
the advantages, while it subjected them to the burdens, of
the Government."
This was the last of a series of six resolutions
proposed by Mr. Calhoun, Let us see what was
done with it. By reference to the Congressional
Globe, volume 6, page 98, from which I read, we
find it was disposed of in the following summary
manner:
" Mr. Preston moved to lay the resolution on the table,
giving the reasons on which he founded his motion: on
which a short debate ensued; after which, the question
was taken by yeas and nays; and earned by a vote of 35 to
oxvV CBuch*nan dodged the vote!}
/-ii /fT-Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benton, Black, Brown,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Cuthbert, Crittenden, Davis,
Grundy, Hubbard, King of Alabama, Knight, Lyon, MeKe-
on, Merrick, Morris, Nichols, Niles, Norvcll Pearce, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rives. Robbins. Smitii ol'Tennessee, Strange
Swift, Tallinadge, Tipton, Webster, White, Williams, and
Wright—3n. ' '
" Nays—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Pulton,
Lumpkin, Eoatie, Robinson, Sevier, Walker, and Young-
Such was the estimate in which those senti-
ments were held twenty years ago. It is strange,
is it not, that they nowconstitute the chief plank
—the chief principle of this Democratic Admin-
istration ? Verily, " the stone which the builders
rejected has become the chief stone of the corner."
I oppose the admission of Kansas as a slave
State, also, for the reason that slavery is a curse
to any country, and to any people; it corrupts
the morals and the manners of the people where
; event exists; it promotes poverty and ignorance;
: it degrades labor, and consequently banishes the
| free laborer from the land. You might as well
J prohibit by an act 01" Cnnrress the emT^ration of
j the free laboring- man of the North to that State,
! as to permit slavery to exist there. Slavery cramps
I and clogs the energies and progress of a State;
| retards improvements; wears out, and dopreci-
! ates the value of the soil; in fine, sir, it is in,
1 almost every conceivable light, a curse ! In this
connection I wish to refer to some of the senti-
ments which have been uttered by a number of
gentlemen, members of this and the other branch
of Congress, during the present session, and to
reply to this threat of disunion, which has be-
come so common of late, if we do not admit Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution.
A distinguished Democratic Senator from South
Carolina declared, the other day, that" every man
who sold his labor was a slave; that the whole
hireling class of laborers and operatives [at the
North] were slaves;" and argued that they were
not so well off as their black slaves. Fie also in-
sisted that the South had the best frame of soci-
ety in the world; and that it was owing to the
institution of slavery; and that the southern States
would be much the gainers by the dissolution of
the Union,&c.
The gentleman from Mississippi, in a speech
on this floor, said, in substance, that " the sys-
tem of slavery was promotive of the highest state
of civilization." Another gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis,] in his speech upon this
floor, recently, argued that the North was making
war upon the institution of slavery; that there
were only two million persons engaged in agri-
culture m the United States; who are chiefly in
the southern States; and, therefore, the commer-
cial and manufacturing interests of the North were
seeking to " break down -the political power of
that portion of the Union which is engaged in
agriculture," (viz: the South,) by opposing the
extension of slavery. This gentleman also argued
the probability of a disruption of the Union; and
stated that the people of the South contemplated
civil war and revolution with a calm, serene,and
self-sustaining mind !
Another gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gar-
trell,] in a speech, a few days since, declared
that, " in order to preserve this Union, we must
admit Kansas under the Lecompton constitution,
as a slave State;" " that the threat of dissolution
was no idle threat, but that the people of the South
meant it," &c.; " that the institution of slavery
in the South was right in principle and practice;
that it had developed the resources of the coun-
try to an untold extent, and, by its influence, had
elevated the people of the South in the scale of
morality, wealth, enterprise, and intelligence, to
a point never attained by any other people."
Another gentleman, from Missouri, [Mr. An-
derson,] who declared himself to be a Know
Nothing, or Native American, and who thought
the principles of this Administration harmonized
so well with his own, also declared, in his speech
the other day, in favor of slavery as a principle,
as it exists in this country,&c.
Another gentleman, from Alabama, [Mr.
Shorter,] declares that, " if Kansas is rejected
under the Lecompton constitution, the sun of the
national Democratic party will go down to rise no
more"—that is a consummation devoutly to be
wished—and he prays Heaven " that the State of
Alabama may become a nucleus around which
shall spring into existence a southern confedera-
cy. " That gentleman further told us that he had
a " sovereign contempt for the memory of the Pil-
grim Fathers; "which must make the descendants
of the Pilgrims feel monstrous bad. He regretted
that there ever had been a Plymouth Rock; had
" rather be vassals of Old than New England;"
and declared that Alabama could very well go it
alone as the " independent Republic of Alabama;"
and command the respect of the whole world, &c.!
Such, sir, are but a sample of the speeches and
sentiments uttered in this Hall almost daily. A
few words in reply to these menaces, these dis-
union threats. They have ever been most potent
weapons for the slavery propagandist in carrying
any measure, no matter how repulsive it might
be to the people of the free States. It has always
been used to frighten craven, faint hearts, and to
mold doughfaces. "If you do not annexTexas,
and thereby extend the area of slaverv, we will
( dissolve the Umnn;" and forthwith the thing is
; done; Texas is annexed; we assume her qnnr-
rels; fight it through: pay her debts; giye her
110,000,000 for a naked claim to territory which
was very doubtfully hers; set her agoing flour-
ishingly and swimmingly; and now Texas is
going to dissolve the Union again ! " If you do
not catch our runaway human property, we will
cissolve the Union!" and we all set to chasing
their slaves—to save the Union. So with tiie re-
peal of the Missouri compromise: the Union was
thieatened, if it was not done. And now we are
asked to force this damnable curse upon an un-
willing people, and to drag that people into the
tJnion under a constitution which is not of their
making, or the Union must be dissolved. Well,
sir, I tell you that we will not do this thingthougli
you dissolve a hundred Unions. But weare not
at all scared about the Union. It may be that this
is the last straw, which breaks the camel'sback.
But I have no fears about it; and for one, I wish
to test its strength a little. It has been saved a
great many times. If we are lo believe, the stories
winch have been told about how the Union has
been saved, one would suppose that it had passed
more " hair-breadth escapes in the imminent
deadly breach" than ever Othello did. And yet,
sir, I do not believe that the Union has received
much of a strain after all.
Sir, if these Democratic politicians of the South
are going to dissolve this Union, I ask them to
begin ; do not stand there like empty braggarts
boasting what you will do, but let us seiThow
stout and valiant you are. Yet, before you begin,
I would like you to tell me where the line of sep-
aration is to be; which are to become the border
slave States of this " southern confederacy," and
how much of the Mississippi and the other na-
tional arteries do you expect to take ? Where are
you going to divide the railroads, which, like mus-
cles of steel, bind together this mighty Confeder-
acy? Mow will you divide the Capitol and other
common property of the nation ? Will you cut
in twain our country's bright history, the memory
of the fathers, and all their noble deeds? and all
that slavery may be extended and human bond-
age increased and perpetuated ! I ask those gen-
tlemen if they have contemplated the truth, for
truth it is, that disunion would be the death-knell
to all their hopes, not only of extending slavery,
but of slavery itself.
Sir, the Republican party has been charged with
being a disunion party. The charge is false. We
are for theUnion and the Constitution. We would
maintain both, and when we get the power (as
we surely will in 1860) we mean to preserve both
in all their excellence.
Ill some of the southern States they raise hemp,
I am told, an excellent article. Well, sir, there
is a theory, I believe, of the botanic physicians,
that every country and locality produces a vege-
table remedy for the diseases peculiar to that lo-
cality. Now, sir, I have no doubt that southern
hemp would be, if properly used, as sovereign a
remedy for disunion as East India hemp is for
the consumption, in the hands of " old Doctor
James." So much for disunion.
But, Mr. Speaker, I wish to present a few facts,
bearing upon the question of the relative merits of
freedom and slavery, and in answer to the state-
ments and assumptions of the gentlemen which I
have alluded to. I take it that if slavery is better
than freedom, if slave society is better than free
society, its comparative excellence will be mani-
fest in the growth, progress, and prosperity of the
slave States, and the intelligence and education of
the people where slavery exists. Now, let us see
what the statistics show upon this subject. Take,
for example, the States of Virginia and NewYork.
Virginia has something over sixty thousand
square miles of territory, while New York has
some forty-seven thousand square miles. Vir-
ginia had as good a soil, and a better climate than
New York—and had much the start in settle-
ment ! I have prepared a table which I will give,
showing the progress of the two States up to
1850:
Total population at different periods, including slaves.
1790. 1800, 1830. 1850.
Virginia 748,308 8KJ,2.)0 J .21 i,401 J.431.661
New York 340,120 S8G,75t> J/JI8.603 3,0 7,394
