2230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
Mr. YULEE. I wish to suggest to the Sena-
tor from Ohio to vary his motion to make it a
motion to lay on the table the motion to take up
the bill. That will malie a more certain disposi-
tion of it. ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. PUGH. I do not think it is in my power
to lay on the table a motion to take up a bill.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly you can.
Mr. PUGH. I adhere to my motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bngilt, Broderick, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Crittenden, Doolittle, Durkee.Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, Ken-
nedy* King, Pearee, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Thomson
of New Jeisey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown, Clay,
Clingman, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Gieen, Hammomf, Hender-
son, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Jones, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian,
Shields, Shdell, and Toombs—24.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2) donating the public
lands to the several States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts.
The Secretary" read the first section of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair feels it _
his duty to call up the special order at this hour. !
Mr. STUART. I move«to postpone the con- j
sideration of the special order until this bill is dis- j
posed of. ;
Mr. CLAY. I trust that motion will not pre- j
vail. It is now sixteen months and upwards since :
I introduced a bill, to repeal the fishing bounties. |
The bill has been thoroughly debated, i presume
the discussion on its merits has closed. It is on
its third reading, or it has been read twice, and
some amendments have been offered which I pre-
sume will not be debated, and it may be disposed
of in the course of an hour, or less time. There
is certainly a majority of the Senate in favor of
the bill- That has been conceded on the other
side, in the course of the debate. The bill might
have been passed before, if I could have com-
manded the votes of that majority. If Senators
will stay in their seats and will vote, that bill can
be taken up and disposed of in the course of an
hour, at the furthest, I presume. If this measure
is taken up, it must occupy at least a week. It is
a bill which cannot pass without debate. It is a
bill which the Democratic party of this country
has been committed against for thirty years past,
and I presume, with the majority which that party
has in the Senate, it cannot pass. I trust it can-
not. I know it cannot without a protracted de-
bate. Now, sir, if any action is to be taken upon
the bill which I had the honor to present to the
Senate to repeal the fishing bounties, I trust it will
be taken now, and I hope it will not be postponed
when we are within an hour of the close of its
consideration for the sake of this bill, which will
occupy a week, oi ut least considerable time.
Mr. STUART. If there is anything import-
ant at this stage of the session it i« to act and not
to speak, and I will endeavor to profit by that
opinion. I only desire, therefore, to say that the
friends of this measure do not intend to discuss
it. It is a measure which explains itself. The
reading of the bill prepares every Senator to vote
upon it as well as if it were discussed a month.
If the friends of the fishing bounty repeal-wish
to discuss this measure, and thereby keep back
theirs, that is a matter they have in their own
hands; they can do as they choose about it.
But, sir, I wish to protest against the authority
of my honorable friend from Alabama, as well as
his historical statement. I deny his authority to
make party questions, and I deny the correctness
of his historical statement that this is a party
question, or has ever been made so. There has
not been a question as to the granting of lands
presented to the Senate that has been tested on a
party division; and this is simply a proposition
to grant less than six million acres, whereas it is
but a short time since we passed a law—in 1855—
under which then.1 have been granted about sixty
million acres. That was done by a Democratic
majority, and approved by a Democratic Presi-
dent. I desire simply to say that all I wish is to
have a vote. I a*>k for the yeas and nays on this
proposition to postpone, and let the Senate decide
the question according to its pleasure.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr PUGH. What is the question now: Let
me understand it. Is it to postpone the bill re-
pealing the fishing bounties?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
the question. It is moved and seconded to post-
pone the special orders with a view to continue
the consideration of the bill granting lands for
agricultural colleges.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
that the proposition is to postpone all the special
orders. I shall vote against it.
Mr. MASON. I think the Senator who asked
to have the bill taken up will be disappointed if |
he expects it to pass without debate. It may be j
the policy of that Senator and those who think I
with him to let the bill pass as smoothly as may j
be; but as far as I understand it, it is presenting j
a new policy to the country altogether, being a ]
direct appropriation from the Treasury for the !
encouragement of schools of agriculture—a direct j
appropriation from the Treasury, in the form of j
public lands, it is true, but it is in effect the pub- ;
lie money to be appropriated in that manner. I j
am not aware that it has been known so far to the j
legislation of the country to make these general ■
appropriations through ali the States. I shall [
deem- it my duty, for one, to expose its character, '
as I look at it, fully to the people whom I repre- ■
sent, and I presume that the disposition of other !
Senators is to do the same thing. Considering j
the character of the bill, I should look upon my- 1
self as derelict to a very great degree if I did not ,
do all in my power to expose its character to the
people of my Slate, at least; so that if the Senator !
thinks he can get it through without debate, he .
wilbbe disappointed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, :
resulted—yeas 26, nays 29; as follows: ;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Broderiek, Cameron, Chan- j
dler.Clai k. Cnttemlen, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, j
Foster, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan. Houston, King, .
Peaiee, Sevaul, Simmons, Stuart, Sumner, Trumbull, >
Wade, and Wilson—k2t). !
NAYS—Messrs. Hayaul, Benjamin. Dialer,ft right, Brown, I
Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitzpamek, Green, Hammond, j
Henderson, Hmitei, Iverson. Johnson of Aikansas, John- !
son of Tennessee, Jones, M.tllory, Mason, Polk, Push, j
Rice, Sebastian, Shield*, Slide!!, Thompson of New Jersey, 1
Toombs, Wnght, and Yulee—-29.
So the motion of Mr. Stuart was not agreed
to.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls up
the special order 
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone the spe-
cial orders for the purpose of taking up the bill for
the preservation of the harbor of Chicago; on which
motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. SEWAtlD. [ will state that this is the
first of a series of bills for the protection of har-
bors; and that, if this motion shall prevail, and
the bill pass, I shall expect to call up the others
in their order.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 34; as follows:
Yl] VS—Biodenck, Cameion, Chandler, Clark,
Cnttenden, Doolutle, Durkee. Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Ilale, ILimhn, IJ.uiati, Kinz. JVarco, Suward, Simmons,
Stuart. Sumner, Trumbull. Wade, and Wilson—2:2.
N AYS—Me*.^. Alien, Bayaid, Bell, Benjamin, Burler,
Bright. Blow n, C!a\*. Chnsnian, Davis, Fitzpatnek, G&en,
(.win, Hammond, Hendei*.on, Houston, Hunter, Iverson,
Jolm-on of Atkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Ken-
nedy. Malion, lMa- on. Polk, Pugh, Kiee. Sebastian, Shields,
Slidell. Thomson of Kentucky, Toombs, Wnght, and Yu-
lee—3!.
So the motion was not agreed to.
igntwui
4
FISHING BOUNTIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first special
order is the bill (8. No. 10) repealing all laws or
parts of laws allowing bounties to vessels em-
ployed in the bank or other cod fisheries. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] to the amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Allen.]
The amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island
was to add:
Sec. '2. That all duties on salt impoited into the United
States from ami after the 31st day ot December, Jb59, be,
and the same anj hereby, lepealed.
The amendment of the Senator from Illinois is,
after the word 4< salt," to insert, ik and sugar. "
The Chair thinks some question of order was
raised in regard to these amendments a few days
ago.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have the sense
of the Senate on the Question of order that was
raised the other day on this subject. "We have
been acting for many years on the idea that we
had no right to originate in the Senate a measure
to alter the tariff; that that was a matter which
belonged exclusively totheother House. I should
be glad to believe that we had the power. It is
one of the few things in the Constitution which
I would amend if I had the power to do it. I have
always*supposed, and the opinion of the Senate,
I think, ever since I have been here, has been,
that that was the settled rule of the body. There
certainly was such a decision when Mr. McDuflie
attempted to introduce a change in the tariff,which
change consisted in a reduction. The bill which
he introduced was referred to the Committee on
Finance, at the head of which was Mr. Evans, of
Maine. The Finance Committee returned the bill,
with a resolution that the Senate had no consti-
tutional authority to originate such a measure,
and recommending its indefinite postponement.
It was indefinitely postponed, I believe, there being
a minority of only four in the Senate against it.
Ever since then we have been acting on the sup-
position—I know it is so with the Finance Com-
mittee, of which I have been a member ever since
I have be.n here—that we have no right to ori-
ginate measures of this sort even by way ofreduc-
tion. I should be glad to have a decision of the
Senate on that point
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear the suggestions of any Senator on the point
of order.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say on this
subject that it seems to me there can be no ques-
tion of the authority of the Senate. I think this
case clearly distinguishable from the one alluded
to by the honoiable Senator from Virginia. That
was a bill which proposed to establish the rules
for the raising of revenue. True, it lessened the
scale; but still it would have been a bill to raiso
revenue if it passed. Now, sir, if all the duties
were forty per cent., it certainly would not be
competent to originate in the Senate a bill which
would change the law, and make the duties but
twenty per cent., because that would be a bill to
raise revenue. But to repeal an existing duty is
not to raise revenue; and I sec no difficulty in
carrying our authority to the extent of repealing
the existing law; but you can substitute nothing
in its place. If you were to repeal the entire tariff
law, you would not originate a bill to raise reve-
nue; you would only make it necessary to ori-
ginate one, and that would have to be done in the
other House. So, I say, applying the rule sug-
gested by the Senator from Virginia to its fullest
extent, this does not go beyond the authority of
| the Senate. Receiving a proposition to repeal an
: existing duty upon an article is not originating a
j bill to raise revenue. But this is a clause of the
! Constitution which is to be fairly construed, like
j all others. I think, as I said, it is clcar that the
distinction between this and the bill alluded to by
; the honorable Senator is a manifest distinction.
| That was a bill changing the revenue system;
I and, had it become a law, it would have been the
! law under which revenue was raised, and would
have originated in the Senate, which would have
been in violation of the Constitution.
I do not think the point very important, so far
as tins question is concerned; but it is important
as a general principle, and I should be very sorry
to see the Senate decide that they could not cni-
gmatc an amendment repealing the existing duty
• on an article. It seems to me that it would be a
] construction of the Constitution not warranted
| by Its letter, and certainly not by its intent. )
[ think that cases can be referred to. The Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Gnrcr.N] has placed in my
I hands a case where a bill was originated here to
! repeal the duty on salt. It came from the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think the Senator will find
that he has not stated the case correctly. Suppose
the Committee on Finance were to introduce a bill
here which corresponded with the present tariff
precisely, except that it made salt free. I pre-
sume everybody would say they could not do
that. We could not originate a tariff bill which
should be exactly like the present one, with the
exception that it made salt free. Vet, although
we could not do that, because the Senate cannot
originate such bills, we may introduce an amend-
ment which would accomplish precisely the same
purpose. That is to say, we can, by the action
