1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IVfarch 20,
Again, sir; in 1850 there was invested in church
property in New York $21,134,207, and m yir-
gima the sum of only $2,856,076. At that time
there were published in New York 428 newspa-
pers, with an aggregate circulation of115,385,473;
while in Virginia there were but 87, with a circu-
lation of 9,223,068. New York expends$2,500,000
yearly for educational purposes, while Virginia
expends about $700,000. In Virginia, taking the
entire free white native population, there are
75,868 adults over twenty years of age who can-
not read or write, while in New York there are
but 23,241 of the same class. In New York it is
about one in fifty of the adults, while in Vir-
finia it is about one in five! Sixty years ago,
rirginia ranked as the noblest and richest State
of them all; she was then justly regarded as the
mother of statesmen and of States; then she had
ten Representatives, while New York had only
six. Now New York has thirty-three, and Vir-
ginia thirteen. Why, sir, John Randolph said a
good many years ago, " Virginia is so impover-
ished by the system of slavery, that the tables
will sooner or later be turned, and the slaves will
advertise for runaway masters."
Take another example: Kentucky and Ohio,
nearly equal in area, Kentucky having the advant-
age in climate; and in all other respects as to soil,
position, and natural resources equal to Ohio; and
how do they stand in the race of progress ? Ken-
tucky had much the start, having, in 1790, 73,000
inhabitants, while Ohio had none. Kentucky was
admitted into the Union by act of Congress of Feb-
ruary, 1791. Ohio was admitted in 1803, with
one Representative. In the year 1800 Kentucky
had 221,000 inhabitants, and Ohio had only
45,365. In 1820 Kentucky had 564,000, while
Ohio had 581,000! and in 1850, Kentucky had
982,605, while Ohio had 1,980,329! It will be
borne in mind that this enumeration in Kentucky
includes over 210,000 slaves, while in Ohio they
are all freemen.
In 1850 Kentucky had 62 newspapers, with a
circulation of 6,582,838; and Ohio had 261 news-
papers, with a circulation of 30,473,407. Ken-
tucky had 131,305 pupils and students attending
schools, and Ohio had 514,809 attending schools.
Kentucky has now 10 Representatives, and Ohio
21; and after I860 the disparity will be much
greater. Upon the adoption of the Federal Con-
stitution, I think South Carolina had five Repre-
sentatives. In seventy years this State, which,
if we are to believe her statesmen, has such an
excellent social and political system, and such a
pure and genuine democracy, has managed, prin-
cipally by the increase of her slaves, (who now
number more than half her entire population,) to
grow just one Representative.
Take one other example, Mr. Speaker, and I
have done with this subject—Alabama, the most
flourishing of all the slave States. In 1820 she had
127,900 inhabitants; while Illinois, at the same
time, had but 55,200. They were admitted into
the Union about the same time. I think Illinois
was admitted in December, 1818, and Alabama
in December, 1819. Well, there they are, fairly
started in the race of progress. Alabama having
more than twice as may people as Illinois, situate
directly upon the Gulf of Mexico, with the harbor
of Mobile, capable of accommodating almost the
entire shipping of the world; her products of a
much more valuable character than those of Illi-
nois; whilst Illinois was a far western State, dif-
ficult of access, far away from the sea-coast and
from an inviting market. Now, sir, let us see
" what time they have made" in the race, and
how they come out.
Population.
1820. 1830. 1840. 1850.
Alabama 127,900 309,527 600,756 771,623
Illinois  55,200 157,445 470,183 851,470
This includes slaves and all. The white popu-
lation of Alabama in 1850 was only 426,514; and
to-day, sir, whilst Illinois has more than a mil-
lion and a half of freemen, there are not probably
more than half a million in Alabama. In Ala-
bama, in 1850, there were 60 newspapers, with an
aggregate circulation of 2,662,741; and in Illinois
there were 107 newspapers, with a circulation of
5,102,276. In Alabama there were 62,846 pupils
and students attending schools, &c.; and in Illi-
nois theie were, at the same time, 182,292attend-
ing schools.
Sir, I think it was the present Governor of Vir-
ginia, who, in Congress, afew years ago, thanked
his God that there were no newspapers in his dis-
trict. Now, sir, it is an occasion of much pride
to me that there are in my district over forty
newspapers at this time, regularly issued; and
that district gave me more than 21,000 votes.
For this prosperity we in the North are apt to
acknowledge that we are indebted, in great meas-
ure , to the Pilgrim Fathers and to Plymouth Rock;
and while the gentleman from Alabama curses and
contemns their memory, we bless their memory,
and thank God for the old sea-beaten rock, and
for the weary pilgrims who landed upon it. Sir,
let me tell that gentleman from the " independent
Republic of Alabama," that had there been no
Pilgrim Fathers, there would have been no Ala-
bama; had there been no Plymouth Rock, he
would be the vassal of Old England to-day. Com-
pare the intelligence of that New England, which
the gentleman derides, with that of his own State;
yes, with that of all the slaveliolding States. In
Massachusetts, in 1850, there were but one thou-
sand and fifty-five native white persons over the
age of twenty years who could not read and write;
or about one to every seven hundred and seventy-
eight of the entire white native population. At the
same time there were of the same class in Alabama
thirty-three thousand six hundred and eighteen
who could not read and write, or one to every
twelve and a half of the entire white native pop-
ulation ; and that is about the average in the slave
States. Why, sir, in the slaveholding States to-
day, from eighteen to twenty per cent, of all the
free white native voters cannot read the ballots
they cast, nor sign their own names to a poll-book.
Talk about the " independent Republic of Ala-
bama," sir, setting up for itself, and going it
alone ! Why, how long is it since a man was
driven from Alabama for selling Uncle Tom's
Cabin, or some book of the kind ? And when his
wife sought to stay there to collect a few debts
which that chivalrous people owed her husband,
a public meeting was held, and it was resolved
that she too must go. The institutions of Ala-
bama were not strong enough to stand the pres-
ence of one poor woman ! and yet the gentleman
talks of the "independent Republic of Alabama!"
I do not make these remarks, sir, from any dis-
position to disparage any State of this Union; I
would not do any of them an injury if I could; but
it is proper that we should repel the assaults made
upon the free States; and when it is sought to ex-
tend the slave power, by the addition of another
slave State, under the pretense that it is right, and
that slavery is better than freedom, or to maintain
an equilibrium, or balance of power, then we are
called upon to show the blighting, desolating, and
retarding influence of the system; and that it is
utterly impossible to preserve a balancc of power
between them; that freedom cannot be hemmed
in, cramped, and finished, like a Chinese lady's
foot; but it must, and will, burst its fetters and
expand; while slavery produces palsy and stag-
nation and death.
The natural resources of the slave States of this
Union are immeasurable; and, without slavery,
they would have untold wealth and greatness; but
now, so it is, this accursed system has shut out
enterprise, has shut out the free laborer, and has
spread itself like a pall over the land, with its en-
ervating and baneful influence, like blight and mil-
dew, wherever it falls.
Mr. Chairman,! am opposed to the admission
of Kansas with the Lecompton constitution, be-
cause the people of Kansas never made that con-
stitution, and do not wish to be admitted under it;
but it is an attempt by the Administration to con-
summate a conspiracy begun nearly four years
ago, to make a slave State, and which has been
carried on by a series of frauds and outrages un-
precedented and unparalleled in the history of any
nation under the sun. During all that time, va-
rious agencies have been used to effect this pur-
pose, of which the Lecompton constitution seems
to be the crowning glory ! I have only time to
mention a few of these agencies.
The Territory of Kansas was carved out, and
bounded, to make a slave State. Stuck in there
behind Missouri, being almost inaccessible except
through Missouri, slavery was given much the
advantage in the outset.
From time to time forays were made by people
from the Stale of Missouri, and other slave States,
into Kansas, especially when elections were to be
held, and the people of Kansas were forcibly driven
from the polls; judges of election, of the invaders'
choosing, were substituted, while they did the
voting. A Legislature was in this manner chosen,
the members of which, many of them, resided
in Missouri; they went over when the Legislature
convened, enacted the whole code of Missouri,
and some additional statutes, and then returned
again to their homes in Missouri. Murders and
robberies were committed with impunity, pro-
vided the victims were only free-State men. Free-
State towns, printing-presses, and hotels, were
destroyed under the direction of United States
officials, without ever being even asked why they
did so by the Administration. Every man met
upon the highway was asked if he was for a free
or slave State; and if he had the temerity to an-
swer the former, he had to run the gauntlet for
his life.
Finding that the people from the free States
would emigrate to the Territory, induced thereto
by its excellent lands, and to provide homes for
themselves and their families, these marauders
and their abettors obstructed the travel upon the
Missouri river, a great national highway, and day
after day, in broad daylight, boarded the steamers
which were bearing emigrants to Kansas, robbed
them of their property, and compelled the boats to
turn about and descend the river. When the free-
State men of Kansas sought to make a little feeble
resistance to this tyranny, and to defend their
homes and families from these worse than savages,
they were arrested by United Statesauth ority, and
confined in a loathsome prison on charges of trea-
son and other offenses, while their families could
be plundered and robbed, or driven away; and
then, ruined and heart-broken, they were dis-
charged without trial.
During her brief history five Governors, and
nearly as many Secretaries, have, by turns, gov-
erned the Territory; and if we are to believe the
President and the Democratic party, a strange
kind of fatality has attended them all. It would
seem that there was something m the very atmos-
phere of Kansas repugnant and poisonous to Dem-
ocratic Governors; or else the complaints of the
free-State men are true, and they have been
crushed and abused worse than ever were a peo-
ple before, in any half-civilized country.
The first Governor of Kansas, A. H. Reeder,
was one of the few honest Democrats left in the
North, after the passage of the Kansas and Ne-
braska bill. He was weak enough to suppose,
however, that nothing more was intended than
was expressed in the Kansas bill, and that the
people of the Territory were really to have the
privilege of protection m a fair expression of their
wishes at the polls. He tried to govern accord-
ingly; but for this he was set upon by the ruffians
in the Territory, and the rascals at Washington;
he was persecuted with false charges for the pur-
pose of disgracing him, and removed from the
office to make room for another Democrat, of a
different class, Wilson Shannon; aman who was
bad enough when sober, and worse when drunk.
He served his masters as well as he knew how;
but (to borrowa saying from a distinguished Sen-
ator) he failed for want of capacity; though 1 have
no doubt Shannon would have been continued,
but just then it was thought necessary, in order
to carry Pennsylvania for Mr. Buchanan, that a
more respectable man, and, if possible, one from
that State, should take the place of Shannon:
whereupon President Pierce proceeded to appoint
John W. Geary, another Kansas-Nebraska Dem-
ocrat from Pennsylvania, whorcftched Kansas m
September, 1856, with strong prejudices against
the free-State men there; a strict Democrat, but,
like Reeder, having some honesty mixed with his
Democracy. Well, sir, he remained Governor of
Kansas about seven months; when he was, like
Reeder, obliged to flee for his life. He had got his
eyes opened, while there, to the real state of the
case. He could not be made to sink his entire
manhood and honesty by the pro-slavery ruffians
of Kansas, or a corrupt Administration at Wash-
ington. But he had served a purpose, and Buch-
anan had carried Pennsylvania. Now he, like
Reeder, was denounced as an " Abolitionist, "and
contemptuously tossed over to the Black Repub-
licans. "
Now, Buchanan being elected, with a majority in
both Senate and House,the slaveholders demanded
that the governorship of that Territory should be
