120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I had no idea that the Sen-
ator would be afraid of my putting him in a
false position. He is not a gentleman who is
governed by any fears or apprehensions on that
score. But he has furnished me with confirm-
atory evidence of the truth of my declarations
that the Toombs bifl was passed as a party meas-
ure by the friends of the Nebraska bill, by the
same men who passed that measure, for the pur-
pose of bringing Kansas into the Union as a
State under that bill. There were two or three
Senators who did not vote at all. The Senator
from Virginia says he was one, and the reason
he did not vote at all was this: he was not will-
ing to depart from the policy of his party in
passing it, and would not vote against it; but he
could not, with his views, vote for it, and hence,
would not vote at all. This shows that he sym-
pathized deeply in that party movement which
required the Toombs bill to be passed last year
as a party measure, to bring Kansas into the
Union as a State. Now, what I ask is, why can
we not, as a party, stand this year where we
stood last year, and pass that bill?
Gentlemen complain that I am dividing the
party. How? Because I will not change and
oppose now a measure upon which we stood when
we adjourned last year; because I will not now
abandon the measure that we strenuously advo-
cated before the election. I am called upon now
to abandon that position. Why? Not that there
is any party obligation. If so, where is it? In the
first place, as I have said, the President has not rec-
ommended it in his message. Of course he would
not have recommended it in his message. The
President did not intend, I apprehend, to change
the party issue, and if he did, hehad no authority
from the party to do so. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania says that the admission of Kansas, under
theLecomptun constitution^ an Administration
measure. What is his authority for that state-
ment? The message does not say so. Has he
any higher source of information than the mes-
sage ?
Mr, BIGLER. I have no doubt on that sub-
ject. The Senator from Illinois, it seems to me,
can scarcely entertain a doubt as to the views of
the Administration on that question. I endeav-
ored to give them distinctly, as I understood
them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The point is, whether he
understands them from the message, or from
higher sources.
Mr. BIGLER. I make the deduction from the
message, and from what I know in addition. I
did not say it was an Administration measure in
words. The Senator is mistaken. What I did
say was this: he assumed to be in some doubt as
to its being an Administration measure in his
former speech, and I said I could hardly under-
stand what he meant; and asked him whether he
meant to say that the Cabinet did not unite with
the President, or that the Administration having
adopted and indicated its policy, those who dif-
fered from and denounced that policy were not
against the Administration 011 that question? It
seemed perfectly simple. What else could I say?
I have not said that it concerned anything else.
I have not said it involved any question of party
fidelity. What I did say was, that the Adminis-
tration held the Lecompton movement to be legal
so far as it has progressed; and that when Kan-
sas asks for admission, it will not be a sufficient
reason to deny her admisssion into the Union be-
cause the constitution was not entirely voted 011.
Now as to the recommendation of the President:
I heard the Senator's statement 011 that point be-
fore; and I have heard it now with some surprise.
The Senator from Illinois understands the rela-
tions of the Executive to this question better than
I do. How could the President, with any pro-
priety, recommend to Congress to admit a State
that had not made any such application ? Fur-
thermore, how could the President ask for the ad-
mission of Kansas as a State prior to the result
of the vote which he said, in the message, he held
ought to be taken ? These things had not trans-
pired, and therefore there was 110 recommendation
on the sabject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania deduces from the message that this is an
Administration measure, and also from other
sources of information within his knowledge.
Now, sir, I should like to know what are those
other sources of information, as he has, to that
extent, the advantage of me ?
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator will take my
definition of that policy, the question is clearly
settled; but I am not at liberty to say that it is an
Administration measure, and allow him to define
what it is.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I want to know what those
"other sources of information" are that have
satisfied him, and authorized him to say that it
is an Administration measure. He says in the
same breath that inasmuch as the constitution
has not been sent here, inasmuch as it has not
been voted on in Kansas, inasmuch as there was
nothing before the President, how could it be an
Administration measure?
Mr. BIGLER. No, sir. 1 asked how could
the President recommend the admission of a State
that had never applied? I said the Administra-
tion held that the proceedings were legal as far
as they had progressed, and so far it is an Ad-
ministration measure. What has not oocurred
cannot be treated of.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We are now told that no
question being before the President, no constitu-
tion having been sent to him from Kansas, the
President could not have madearecommendation
in regard to it. I can understand that very well.
Under these facts, he ought not to have made
any recommendation. I admire his wisdom and
prudence, in refraining from committing himself
when he had not the facts before him, and hence
it was that I desired to know from my friend
from Pennsylvania what those " other sources of
information" were, [laughter,] that authorized
him to read men out of the party for not support-
ing the measure.
Mr. BIGLER. Now, Mr. President, an ex-
perienced and skillful debater like the Senator
from Illinois will not claim the advantage of an
unpracticed debater like myself, by putting words
in my mouth. I said not one word about reading
any man out of the party.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is true.
Mr. BIGLER. I laid down no such rule. That
being true, why did the Senator say I read men
out of the party ? Sir, does the Senator make no
issue with the Administration? When he has
made an issue, can he not tell what that issue is?
Whatever it may be, is not that the point of differ-
ence between him and the Administration ? Is
not that point about which there is difference, an
Administration measure? There is the whole of
my answer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator says he made
no remark about reading personsoutof'the party.
It is true he did not use these words, but he did
insinuate very distinctly that the Black Repub-
lican side of the House rather congratulated me,
and that certain gentlemen on this side were not
so well pleased. In other words, he carried out
the same system that has been carried out here
for the last two weeks, of requiring every pen-
sioned letter-writer to intimate that Mr. Douglas
had deserted the Democratic party and gone over
to the Black Republicans !
Mr. BIGLER. Does the Senator intend to
make that imputation against myself, that I have
encouraged or sought letter-writers to make a
charge against him ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. When the Senator gets
through, I will answer.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall distinctly deny any such
allegation. I have not proceeded in that spirit. I
alluded to what I regarded on his part as uncalled-
for criticism of the President's views. Long ago,
when I was a boy, and before anybody talked of
non-intervention, the President expressed views
which the Senator undertakes to show are in con-
flict with his present opinions. I said that ex-
cited a momentary gratification on the other side
of the Chamber, anu regret here. If, in ail I have
said with regard to the Senator, I have not, from
the other side, the same measure of response, the
fault is not mine.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I certainly did not intend to
intimate, and I do not think my language could
possibly bear that construction, that the Senator
had suborned letter-writers to assault me. I said
that he was insinuating here what those letter-
writers were charging me in the country with
doing.
Mr. BIGLER. I made no such insinuation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There are men here personal
enemies of mine—men who would be willing to
sink an Administration if they could kill off north-
ern men, and get them out of the way m the fu-
ture; such men are getting their tools to denounce
me as having abandoned the party. Why? Be-
cause I do not desert my principles as freely as
the masters of these editors desert theirs. 1 have
seen this attempt—not sanctioned by the Presi-
dent; he scorns it; but there are men under him
busy at work to convince every one that I have
betrayed my party and my principles, in order to
see if they cannot crush me among my Demo-
cratic friends. That every press which can be
controlled,is thus controlled, is beyond denial or
dispute. Nineteen twentieths of all the independ-
ent Democratic presses—those who do not depend
on certain departments of the Government for
support—are with me in sustaining the credit of
the Democratic party, and the Democratic plat-
form, as adopted at Cincinnati; but the few who
are not allowed to speak for themselves are en-
deavoring to drive me where they cannot drive
me—to desert the principles affirmed and pro-
claimed by the Democratic party at Cincinnati.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator is very denun-
ciatory of those few who he says dare not speak
for themselves. I presume he does not intend to
intimate that there are any such holding seats on
this floor. I dare express my views.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I spoke of editors. I do not
understand the Senator to be an editor of one of
those papers that I spoke of.
Mr. BIGLER. No, sir; but the Senator sees
me clearer than he sees himself, as he runs in this
discussion. Only a moment ago, he said that I
insinuated just what these editors said. I do not
intend to insinuate anything. What I know, if
I know it, I shall speak in the best language I can
command. If I believed the Senator from Illi-
nois was talking or thinking about breaking down
his party, or leaving any principle he ever em-
braced, I should bemean myself, and despise my-
self, if I did not so state. I have neither said
that here nor elsewhere.
The Senator has, I think, been unnecessarily
severe upon me, as to those matters where I
quoted him as authority at one time, for what
would not answer ai another. I made the appli-
cation and the analogy not between him and me;
but I dignified him, and made the analogy be-
tween him and the acts of Congress and of States.
What I said was, that in all tins, I experienced
a difficulty in finding conclusive authority on any
proposition at all. It was in that spirit that I
referred to his Springfield speech, and for that
opinion in its whole weight I must be account-
able, simply because Iliad taken the impression,
that if the Senator at that time thought the law
calling the convention was null and void, he could
not have said what he must have kno\vn would
have gone to these people in the terms in which
he said it; nor could he have held that a vote of
the people on their constitution, was indispens-
able to the admission of a State. Whoever else
have understood the Senator from Illinois, this I
say, that I always put the construction on it that
I put on it to-day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not mean to.procrasti-
nate this debate; but I must say a word or two
more on this point as to party measures. We are
left to understand that a measure, not recom-
mended by the President—one which it is said he
could not recommend, because he did not know
what the facts were—is a party measure, or that
if I do not stand up to it there is a doubt whether
I am not leaving the party. Now I wish to go
further, and inquire whether every man is ranked
out of the party who does not stand up to the
distinct recommendations of the President?
Mr. BIGLER. I deny such a rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is every man to be driven
out because he does not coincide with the Presi-
dent exactly on the Pacific railroad bill?
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is a man to be driven out
because he may not agree with the President on
the subject of banks? The Senator shakes his
head. Is a man to be read out of the party if he
does not agree with the President as to a bankrupt
law applicable to the banks? Iam told, "certainly
not." Is he to be read out of the party if he does
not agree with the President on any and every
other question in the message, except the slavery
question?
