1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
Then, if each one of the gentlemen around me
is at liberty to dissent from the President on the
bankrupt law, or the tariff law, or the bank issue,
or the Pacific railroad issue, and on each other
measure, am I not permitted to judge for myself
as to the admission of Kansas on the Lecompton
constitution? I do not understand the extraor-
dinary desire to strike a blow that shall either
cripple me, or drive me from the party, or make
the country press believe that I have left the
party. I see men all around me here, who do
not agree with the President in all his recom-
mendations. 1 doubt whether there is a man on
this side of the House who will rise in his place
and say that he agrees with the President in each
of the recommendations of his message. If
there is, I should like to see him. I should like
to know from the Senator from Pennsylvania
whether he indorses each recommendation, and
is prepared to carry it out.
Mr. BIGLER. It is not probable that I agree
with every sentiment in the message.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I said every recommend-
ation.
Mr. BIGLER. But I must interpose my pro-
test, at this point, against the Senator'sargument.
He assumes to be answering something which I
have said, and as though I were to be held ac-
countable for some rule which the Administration
had laid down. Now, sir, I have not used the
terms " reading anybody out of the party," un-
less it was to explain what the Senator had said.
I said that his difference with the President on
this one point was all the difference between them.
I did not say it was to be a party difference. The
Administration has nothing to do with that. It
is doing what it believes to be right in this exi-
gency. The Senator from Illinois is doing what
he believes to be right. I have not claimed that
either should be read out of the party. I lay down
no such rule. I have no authority to impose
such a rule. Such a rule must come from the
mass of the party in convention, or speaking
through some organ.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I understand the Sen-
ator to express the opinion that the Administra-
tion does not make any issue,as far as gentlemen
differ from them on this question.
Mr. BIGLER. Of eoiuse they make an issue
as far as they go on this question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But they do not regard it as
involving party fidelity.'
Mr. BIGLER. It is a proposition too simple
for argument, that wherever the party may be
found on any question, if a Senator makes an issue
on that question, of course he is not in the party;
but the Senator cannot get me now to go any fur-
ther on this subject; I have said all that the Eng-
lish language, 1 think, is capable of expressing
fairly and justly, so as to state my meaning. If
he will have it Ins own way; if he will announce
to the country that it is a party measure, and that
there is an effort making to put him out of the
party because he differs with the Administration
on this subject, it is his own business; I cannot
help it. I lay down no such rule, and do not rec-
ognize it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I certainly should not have
put these questions to my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, but for the fact that he told the Senate he
had " other sources of information" in regard to
party measures, from those which I possessed.
Mr. BIGLER. Not with regard to party meas-
ures.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then in regard to the pur-
pose of the Administration on this question.
Mr. BIGLER. I must insist that the Senator
shall not put language in my mouth which I did
not use.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator will state
what he did say, I will accept it exactly as he
said it.
Mr. BIGLER. I say, distinctly, that I never
referred to a party issue in anything that I said.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But the Senator said he had
other sources of information in regard to the pur-
poses of the Administration as to making this an
Administration measure; and as he had sources
of information not open to me, 1 desired to know
whether those outgivings in the country were
authorized, that I was to be read out of the Dem-
ocratic party, and denounced as a Black Repub-
lican, because I was in favorof leaving the people
of Kansas free to form their own institutions to
suit themselves. I desired information on that
point. I did not believe these gross charges that
had been made were authorized. I believe they
are made by men under the influence of others—
men hostile to me, and equally hostile to the
Administration now in power. I believe there
are persons who desire to get me into a false
position with my party, for their ulterior pur-
poses. I do not intend that men whose claims to
the support of the Democratic party, or its confi-
dence, I do not recognize above my own, shall
read me out of the Democratic party.
My object was to elicit from the Senator from
Pennsylvania, through his " other sources of in-
formation," the authority to deny that the Pres-
ident and Cabinet intended to make an issue with
their patronage, with their favors, against any
man, merely because he opposed the Lecompton
constitution. I desired to extract from him a
denial of that fact. He cannot but be aware that
the report is being circulated everywhere that the
President intends to put the knife to the throat of
every man who dares to think for himself on this
question, and carry out his principles in good
faith.
Mr. BIGLER. I will guaranty the President
will touch no man's throat. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; but I am not sat-
isfied with that mode of trifling with such a ques-
tion. If the Senator had no peculiar sources of
information, I should not press for an answer. I
believe that those who use the President's name,
as threatening to proscribe with his patronage
every man who is in favor of giving the people of
Kansas the right to vote on their constitution—
those who represent the President in that light,
slander him. I believe they are his enemies. I
wish to give his friends an opportunity of deny-
ing the charge.
Mr. BIGLER. Who makes the charge ? Let
us have that. That is the proposition—-who has
made the charge? I simply ask the Senator to
state distinctly who makes that charge, and how
it comes to be the subject of discussion here?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will tell you. The news-
papers throughout the country are full of it.
Mr. BIGLER. I am not accountable for that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It comes to. me the subject
of discussion here, because the Senator was fol-
lowing a line of argument which seemed to inti-
mate that I was outside of a healthy Democra-tic
organization. I do not recognize the right of that
Senator—I do not recognize the right of anybody
of men to expel me from the Democratic party.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not intend that the Senator
shall either put language into my mouth, or assign
positions for me. In no manner or form have I
been laboring to show that he was outside the
pale of the paity. It is true I did show, and in
order to do justice to my subject, it was neces-
sary to show, that on this particular question of
slavery in the Territories, the Senator had not al-
ways held the same opinions. I did say that so
far as he differed with the Administration on this
one point, there was a difference between him and
the Administration; butat the very same moment
I discarded the idea that it was to assume a per-
manent shape, or that I had any authority for
saying that every man who did not think with
the Administration on this particular fleeting issue
was not a Democrat. I certainly made no such
proposition, and have not warranted an answer
to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am aware that the Senator's
effort was to show that I had changed my opin-
ions on the slavery question. I have answered
that already by showing that I changed just when
Mr. Buchanan did, and was with him in regard
to those alleged changes. If that fact turns me
out of the party, I am in very good company
with the President. I think that ought to be a
sufficient answer to this point.
Now, sir, I do no.t wish to pursue this debate;
it is unpleasant to me. I am sorry that there is
an attempt to apply here, on these occasions, a
tyranny not consistent with free Democratic ac-
tion. The slightest variance of opinion with the
President upon this question is deemed a cause
for suspicion at least; when open variance as to
the Pacific railroad, or the tariff, or the propose 1
bankrupt law for the banks, is no cause of dis-
agreement here at all. I do not understand who
it is that puts up this test. I do not understand
the motive for it.
It has been intimated frequently that I acted
rashly m entering into the debate and expressing
my opinions at so early a period. It is said that
I should have waited; that I should not have thrust
this question on Congress; that I should not have
forced an issue. Sir, who has thrust this ques-
tion upon us? We have been told by the Senator
from Pennsylvania that the President had nothing
before him on which to base a recommendation in
regard to Kansas, because the constitution had
not been sent to him, not having been finally dis-
posed of by the election in Kansas. If the Pres-
ident could not make any recommendation on the
subject, why the necessity of putting in his mes-
sage a clause differing totally from every speech
and report I had ever made on the Kansas ques-
tion? Why the necessity for devoting two col-
umns of the message to the subject? If the Pres-
ident had seen proper to wait until he receivel
the constitution from Kansas, I too should have
waited; but when he forces on the Nebraska bill
a construction in contradiction of all my speeches
and reports, I am bound respectfully to dissent.
If there is any fault in thrusting this question
before Congress prior to the vote in Kansas, tha
President is responsible; but I do not arraign him
for it. It was his right to express his opinions,
and it was proper and right for him to determ-
ine when and how he would exercise that right.
When he presented those opinions to us, I was
forced in self-defense to speak against the assault
made on my Kansas reports and speeches. I did
this in a manner respectful to the President. I
believe he had no unkind feeling towards me; I
had none towards him. There were no privato
grievances, no causes of irritation between the
President and myself, but simply a difference of
opinion on this one question.
If gentlemen can tolerate differences of opinion,
we can act in harnwny; but I shall maintain my
views of right, whether there be harmony or not.
I shall avail myself of all proper opportunities to
vindicate the great principle with which my pub-
lic life is identified—the right of the people of each
State, old and new, to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way. If, in
doing so, I shall happen to come in collision with
any of my friends on this floor, I shall deeply
regret it; but still, if they cannot tolerate differ-
ences of opinion—andlamglad to say that I have
seen very little disposition here to be intolerant
on this subject—then I must maintain my inde-
pendent course of action inside of the Democratic
party, standing by its organization and its prin-
ciples until the party shall reassert its true and
original principles. I have no fears of the party
being divided. Gentlemen will see that they can-
not perpetrate whatl believe to be a great wrong,
by. forcing a constitution upon Kansas against
the will of" her people; and when gentlemen come
to understand the facts as I understand them to
be, I have faith that they will be frank and candid
enough to act on the facts as developed befo>e
them.
I should have been delighted if this %vhole dis-
cussion could have been postponed. I should
have rejoiced if it had not been necessary for me
to participate in the discussion ufttil all the facts
were before us. I believe there would have been
none of these unpleasant exhibitions for our op-
ponents to smile at, or for others to frown at, as
the Senator from Pennsylvania has intimated, if
there had been no attempt from any quarter to
force tests on men. I trust that there is no au-
thority for any such efforts, and that it will be
shown in the end that they have been totally un-
authorized.
Mr. President, it is with extreme regret that I
have felt myself constrained to engage in this
debate. I hope we shall discuss this question
hereafter on its merits, without reference to my
consistency, or to the consistency of any ot/ier
gentleman. Instead of speculating on my polit-
ical position in the future, I hope people wrtl
leave time to work out the problem and answer
the question. Time will give a more satisfactory
answer than any protestations, or pledges, or
promises, from me. If gervtlemen can discuss
this question and let me alone, certainly I shall
have no controversy with any one; and I am not
sure that I shall answer them often, even if they
think it wise to keep up these constant assaults
on me and my political course, instead of dis-
cueeijig the question on its merits.
