122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan had the floor, and he yielded to the Sen-
ator from Illinois. Does the Senator from Mich-
igan yield to the Senator from Pennsylvania?
Mr. STUART. I will yield to the Senator from
Pennsylvania; but I wish to suggest that there is
a common desire in the Senate to take up the
measure alluded to this morning by the Senator
•from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] as soon as this
matter shall be disposed of. I move to postpone
the further consideration of the subject before the
Senate till to-morrow.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall not complain of that.
I do not feel that this is an occasion when I have,
perhaps, all the right to claim the indulgence of
the Senate that I might have under other eircum-
stJxnc©s«
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator from Penn-
sylvania allow me to say a word ?
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say distinctly,
that when I referred to attempts to strike at me
through the press, I alluded to nothing that had
occurred in the Senate, or emanated from the
Senate. I say this, lest there should be any doubt
as to my meaning.
Mr. BIGLER. I unite with the expression of
regret made by the Senator from Illinois, so far
as the consequences of any arraignment of the
consistency of any of our public men may be con-
cerned; butthe Senator himself unhappily invited
it. I think he was the first to make reference to
the consistency of any statesman in the country
on this question.
A word, now, as to the message, and I shall
have done. When I ask the Senator from Illi-
nois whether it was not the President's duty to
discuss the Kansas question in his message, he
will undoubtedly answer in the affirmative. It
being his duty to discuss it, will the Senator say
that the President ought not to discuss it in his
own way and give us his own doctrines. The
President is under a constitutional obligation to
communicate to Congress information concerning
the state of the Union. What Senator will say-
that these matters in Kansas did not, above all
other matters, concern the state of the Union ?
When the President communicated it he was
bound to say what he thought.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator misunderstands
me. I acknowledge that the President was bound
to communicate so soon as he had anything to
communicate to us; but the Senator said he had
nothing to communicate as to Kansas.
Mr. BIGLER. If the President did not com-
municate anything, why did the Senator make an
issue with him ?
Mr. DOUGLAS' The Senator said the Pres-
ident had no information on which to base a rec-
ommendation as to Kansas, and I objected to the
enunciation of opinions without information on
which to base them.
Mr. BIGLER. That is a much narrower prop-
osition than the Senator laid down before; that is
not a platform large enough to build his speech
011. Now I make this proposition m reference to
the President and the Senator, for both of whom I
have the highest respect; and above all for their
ability to comprehend and disseel such questions.
The President was bound to send his message to
Congress; but I cannot agree that the Senator
from Illinois was required instantly, as soon as
the last words of the message dropped from the
lips of the clerk who read it, to make this issue
and inaugurate this discussion. I regretted this,
and I am frank enough to say so. As to the Sen-
ator's views on the subject, nobody will deny
him the ability to comprehend and elucidate it; I
am the last man to cast an imputation on his mo-
U The YICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is the motion to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this subject until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF MEMBERS OP CONGRESS.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to take up the House
joint resolution (No. 2) to amend the act entitled
" An act to regulate the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress," approved August 16, 1856.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair regards
that as now in order without any motion,it being
the unfinished business of Saturday. The joint
resolution is before the Senate, as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. IVERSON. When I moved on Saturday,
at a late hour, to take up this resolution, I sup-
posed there would be no difficulty in its passage;
and as there were considerations of expediency
calling for its immediate passage, I asked the Sen-
ate at that late hour to dispose of it. The Sena-
tor from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] made objections
to the principle of the resolution, and other con-
siderations urged the Senate to adjourn at that
time without final action. I do not propose now
to go into a discussion of the merits of this prop-
osition. The Senator from Delaware presented
objections to the resolution itself upon principle.
I think he was very well answered by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and I am not
disposed now to occupy the time of the Senate, in
presenting other considerations in reply to the
Senator from Delaware. I will barely say, how-
ever, that, if he carries out his principle to its le-
gitimate conclusion, the law is wrong in allowing
mileage to sitting members whose seats are con-
tested.
His argument, I understand, is that this pay
ought not to be given to members at the com-
mencement of a session, because a seat may be
contested, and, finally, a sitting member be ejected,
either by one House or the other; and, therefore,
he not being legitimately entitled to compensa-
tion, the compensation will have been improperly
and illegally paid to him. That argument would
exclude a member from taking mileage; and yet
the law gives to every member his mileage on the
first day of the session. It has been the invari-
able practice of both Houses, ever since the form-
ation of the Government to the present time, to
pay the sitting member, who comes with a cer-
tificate of election, all the amount of salary and
mileage to which the law entitles him; and also
to pay to the contestant, if he succeeds in obtain-
ing the seat, the same amount of mileage and com-
pensation. The House of Representatives have
gone even further than this. They have not only
paid the sitting member the mileage and compen-
sation, but they have actually paid to a contest-
ant the mileage and compensation, although he
has not obtained the seat for which he made a
contest. To carry out the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, you must repeal the law in
relation to mileage, and take away from every
man the mileage, because he may finally be de-
cided not to be entitled to a seat; but I will not
press that point any further.
I merely wish to throw out a suggestion or two
as to amendments which we have been notified
are to be proposed to this joint resolution. The
resolution does not change the features of the ori-
ginal compensation law. It does not enlarge or
diminish it in any way. It simply changes the
time at which a portion of the compensation
which is admitted to be due to members shall be
paid. It merely stipulates that it shall be paid on
the first, instead of the last day of the session, as
the compensation law required. Now, if you in-
troduce an amendment such as has been suggested
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] to
pay members of the Senate their mileage when
they are called upon to attend a special executive
session, under a proclamation or summons of the
President, that is an entirely new and distinct fea-
ture. Any attempt to introduce it as an amend-
ment to this resolution will necessarily open the
door for discussion and difference of opinion, not
only in this Chamber, but in the House of Rep-
resentatives. That is an extension, an enlarge-
ment of the compensation law. It is the introduc-
tion of a new principle, a new feature altogether,
which would probably give rise to a protracted
debate.
Now, sir, 1 say to Senators that any amend-
ment of this sort on this resolution must neces-
sarily endanger the passage of the resolution in
the other House,or at least must postpone it un-
til a subsequent day. This is the only day during 1
the week, under the rules of the House of Rep- I
resentatives, when a proposition can be taken up ,
by a suspension of the rules of that body. If we :
amend the resolution in this body and send it ;
back to the House of Representatives, it will re- j
quire a vote of two thirds to take it up. Such a j
motion can be made only on this very day, and ]
we all know that at this late period of the day j
it would be impracticable to have such a motion as !
that entertained and carried in the House of Rep-
resentatives; and another motion to suspend the
rules and take up cannotbe made until next Mon-
day. Thus it will be seen that any amendment
of this resolution will necessarily postpone its
consideration in the House of Representatives
until next Monday, because after to-day a single
objection in the House will prevent the resolution
from being taken up, and will prevent any mo-
tion to suspend the rules, in order to take it up
and consider it.
Now, so far as regards the proposition to pay
mileage to new Senators who are called here to a
special session, at the incoming of an Administra-
tion, I yield to the propriety, justice, and policy
of such a provision. I admit that provision ought
to be made for such cases; but so far as regards
those Senators who were called here at the ex-
ecutive session, in last March, their mileage can
be provided for in one of the appropriation bills.
So far as their case is concerned, there is no ne-
cessity for incumbering this resolution with an
amendment. It may be put on one of the appro-
priation bills. That is a more appropriate place
for it than this proposition. Let us wait, there-
fore, until one of the appropriation bills comes
from the House of Representatives, and then we
can do justice to those Senators. I do not say that
I will vote for the whole mileages. On that sub-
ject there seems to be a difference of opinion; but
I would certainly go for compensating them to an
extent commensurate with the time and trouble
and risk and expense of their journey to the seat
of Government. That can be done on an appro-
priation bill. Justice can be done to them m this
way at the appropriate time. I have consulted
with several of those gentlemen, and they are con-
tented to leave the subject until it can be arranged
in an appropriation bill. I think that is the best
policy.
If we incumber this proposition with any
amendment we endanger its passage; we open up
the whole question in relation to the compensa-
tion bill and the new elements which may be in-
troduced by the amendments that may be offeied;
we open up a discussion in the House of Repre-
sentatives and endanger the whole proposition,
or at least postpone it to a time when it may be
seriously inconvenient to members. If the reso-
lution we passed here to-day, adjourning Con-
gress from the day after to-morrow until the 4th
of January, should meet the concurrence of the
House of Representatives, then necessarily this
proposition must go over until Congress meets
after the adjournment. I hope that 110 amend-
ment will be presented, and if any should be pre-
sented, I suggest respectfully to Senators, that it
is best to vote them down and let the original
proposition be concurred in as it came from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. BAYARD. I confess myself unable to
appreciate the force of the remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Georgia. There is no public
interest connected with the passage of this reso-
lution now, or a month or two months hence. The
whole exigency or emergency connected with it,
must be purely personal, in which the country at
large has no interest whatever. This resolution
came to us but on Saturday last, and the attempt
was made to pass it then, even almost before it
could be read for the information of Senators.
Being myself .opposed in principle to the change
soughtto be made by the resolution, I opposed it
then. 1 am perfectly satisfied, from what occurred
at that time, that the change will be made; but if
I can by an amendment prevent that change from
working what is an abuse in my judgment, I hold
myself bound to do it.
It is true that the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] differed with me as to the con-
struction of the existing law which this resolution
seeks to amend. He thought I was too confident
in my manner of asserting that, under the exist-
ing law, no member was entitled to any portion
of his pay but the $250 a month, until the end of
the session. Sir, I asserted that so positively
simply because the House of Representatives had
judged legislation necessary in order to make the
change. If it were not so clear, we should not
have had this resolution before us. I assumed,
therefore, what agreed with my own conviction,
what, until I heard the honorable Senator from
Virginia, I supposed no one doubted, that, under
the language of the existing law, no Senator or
