110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 90,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
requisites are vigor, docility, fidelity. Such a class you
must have, or you would not have that other class which
leads progress, civilization, and refinement, ft constitutes
the very mud-sill of society and of political government;
and you might as well attempt to build a house in the air,
as to build either the one or the other, except on this mud-
sill. Fortunately for the South, she found a race adapted
to that purpose to her hand. A race inferior to her own,
but eminently qualified in temper, in vigor, in docility, in
capacity to staed the climate, to answer all her purposes.
We use them for our purpose, and call them slaves." *
« * « " We are old-l'a^hioned at the South yet; it
is a word discarded now by 'ears politeI will not char-
acterize that class at the North with that term ; but you
have it; it is there ; it is everywhere; it is eternal."
"The Senator from New York said yesterday that the
whole world had abolished slavery. Ay, the name, but not
the thing; all the powers of the earth cannot abolish that.
God only can do it, when he repeals the fiat,' the poor ye
always have with youfor the man who lives by daily la-
bor, and scarcely lives at that, and who has to put out his
labor in the market, and take the best he can get for it: in
short, your whole class of manual hireling laborers and
' operatives,' as you call them, are essentially slaves The
difference between us is, that our slavesare hired for life, a
and well compensated; there is no starvation, no begging, no
want of employment among our people, and not too much
employment either. Yours are hired by the day, not cared
for,andscantily compensated." * * * "Ourslaves
are black, of another and inferior race. The status in which
we have plr.ced them is an elevation." * * * *
" They aie happy, content, unaspiring, and utterly incapa-
ble, from intellectual weakness, ever to give any trouble by
their aspiration. Yours are white, of your own race ; you
are brothers of one blood. They are your equals in natural
endowment of intellect, and they feel galled by their degra-
dation. Our slaves do not vote. We give them no political
power. Yours do vote: and, being the majority, they are
the depositaries of all your political power. If they knew
the tremendous secret, that the ballot-box is stronger than
1 an army with banners,' and could combine, where would
you be ? Your society would be reconstructed, your Gov-
ernment overlhrown, your property divided" * * *
" by the quiet process of the ballot-box. You have been
making war upon us to our very hearthstones. How would
you like (or us to send lecturers and agitators North, to teach
these people this, to aid in combining and to lead them?"
These sentiments, Mr. President, are not ori-
ginal with the Senator from South Carolina. At
home and within these w lls the statesmen from
South Carolina have avowed with sublime auda-
city these sentiments of the slave perpetualists.
Mr. Calhoun pronounced " slavery the most safe
and stable basis for free institutions in the world."
Mr. McDuflee declared slavery to be " the corner-
stoneofthe republican edifice!" Sir, when these
avowals were made by these champions of the
South Carolina school, they were disavowed by
the leading men of the South, and by men of all
parties in the North. Their reproduction now by
the Senator from South Carolina derives import-
ance from the fact that South Carolina has im-
pressed her ideas and imposed her policy upon
the South, upon the Administration, and upon the
Lecompton Democracy. South Carolina bears
the flag and leads the column of slave perpetual-
ists and slave propagandists. The Senator utters
her sentiments—the sentiments she has imposed
upon the Democracy she now leads, t hold this
Administration—1 hold the Lecompton Democ-
racy responsible for these oracular utterances.
South Carolina has ever led the van in support
of the system of human slavery in America. The
illustrious statesmen of the fnstCongress, in 1774,
declared that " God never intended a part of the
human race to hold property in, and have un-
bounded power over others; and they agreed
they " would not import slaves, or buy slaves im-
ported by others." They formed a federative
Union, and by the second article of that bond
of Union the slave trade was prohibited. South
Carolina accepted those articles of Confederation,
and she was the first to break her plighted faith
and to reopen that accursed traffic m the bodies
of men. " In complacence to South Carolina and
Georgia"—to use the words of Jefferson, the il-
lustrious signers of the Declaration of Independ-
ence erased from the draft these words of arraign-
ment of the British King:
" He has waged cruel wai against human nature itself,
violating its most sacred rights of life and liberty, 111 the
pcrooas of a distant people, who have never offended lnm,
captivating and carrying them into slavery in another hem-
isphere, or to incur miserable death m their transportation
thither. This piratical warfare, the opprobrium of infidel
Powers, is the waifare of the Christian King of Great Brit-
ail). Determined to keep a market where men should be
bought and sold, he has at length prostituted his negative
for suppressing any legislative attempt to prohibit and re-
strain tins execrable commerce."
Actuated by that policy, which reopened the
slave trade, and erased the noble words of Jeffer-
son from the Declaration of Independence, South
Carolina went into the convention to form the
Constitution of the United States, her Rutledges,
her Butlers, and her Pinckneys ready to peril the
unity of the States unless they could wring from
Washington, Franklin,Hamilton,Madison, Ells-
worth, King, and their illustrious compeers, the
right to continue the inhuman and polluted traffic
in the muScles of men.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. WILSON. Most cheerfully.
Mr. MASON. Is not the Senator aware that
the proposition to allow the States to continue the
slave trade for twenty years was carried by the
union of the men of the extreme North and the
extreme South, and that Virginia resisted it?
Mr. WILSON. I am aware that northern men
yielded to the demands of South Carolina.
Mr. PUG-H. A Massachusetts man shaped the
form of the proposition !
Mr. WILSON. Northern men then, as now,
too often yielded to the demands of slavery. We
do not applaud the errors of the fathers. I hope
we never will cease to censure the greater errors
of the men of our time, who sin against the lights
of experience.
In the first Congress under the Constitution, the
humanity of the country attempted to restrain the
slave trade in foreign vessels; but the voice of
South Carolina, in fiery and vehement language,
threatened to dissolve the Union, ind the timid
men of the North shrank from such a contest.
From the opening of the first Congress under the
Constitution to the utterance of this speech to
which I am now replying, she has led the van in
assaults on freedom—in defense of slavery. She
led, under Mr. Pinckney, in 1836, in.adopting a
rule suppressing the sacred right to petition for
the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in this
District. ..She led, under Mr. Calhoun, in 1836,
in carrying through the Senate an incendiary pub-
lication bill, to'destroy the constitutional liberty
of the press. She announced, through the pen of
Mr. Calhoun, in 1844, to the Throne of France,
and to Christian Europe, that we intended to
annex the Republic of Texas, to uphold slavery
in America. She announced in this Chamber, by
the voice of Mr. Calhoun, that the constitution
would carry slavery into the coming free territory
of Mexico. Inflexibly firm in adherence to her
ideas, and bold and vehement in the avowal and
support of her cherished policy of slavery expan-
sion, perpetuity, and dominion, she has won her
sister slaveholdmg States to her ideas and her
policy. The moderate, conservative, and national
statesmen uf the South, of the schools of Jackson
and Clay, have been driven into retirement—they
arc ostracised, exiled, placed under the ban of the
empire. The venerable and distinguished Sena-
tors from Kentueky [Mr. Crittenden] and Ten-
nessee [Mr. Bell] yet linger here to remind us
of other days; and a few liberal national men re-
main in the other House; but these seats are now
filled by men who have accepted her creed, or
who silently bow to the imperious sway of her
disciples. The social and political ideas of the
fathers are proscribed, and the social and political
ideas reproduced by the Senator from South Car-
olina have attained a complete ascendency.
We all remember—for who could forget ?—the
assaults in 1856 of the southern Democratic ora-
tors upon everything free in America. " Slavery"
was pronounced " the natural and normal con-
dition of the laboring man, white or black!"
"The experience of universal liberty" was pro-
nounced by the Richmond Enquirer "a failure,"
and " free society insufferable!" " Free society"
was denounced by a Democratic organ in Ala-
bama, " a conglomeration of greasy mechanics,
filthy operatives, and small-fisted farmers 1" And
the South-Side Democrat, edited by a gentleman
now one of the Public Printers for the House,
denounced as hateful " free farms, free labor, free
society, free will, free thinking, free children, free
schools"—they all belonged "to the same brood
of damnable isms!"
Sir, these social and political ideas, now repro-
duced by theSenator from South Carolina, go un-
rebuked in these Halls "by the supporters of this
Administration. No Democratic Senator, no sup-
porter of the policy of the Administration, has
yet questioned the assumptions,ordissented from
the views of the Senator. The supporters of the
Lecompton constitution from Rhode Island, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Iowa, and
California, have not ventured to even dissent from
the doctrines avowed by the Senator from South
Carolina—doctrines which would not pass unre-
buked on the banks of the Danube or the Vistula.
I mean to examine these assumptions in the light
of facts. I mean to take issue with these unsup-
ported declarations, and I mean to brand these
wanton insults to the free laboring men of the
country.
To listen, Mr. President,-to the words of the
Senator from South Carolina, we should suppose
that the white men of the South were all men of
wealth and culture and refinement—that they
were all lords and masters—that labor wasall per-
formed by bondmen—the " mud-sills" of society.
We should imagine that these white men " were
leading progress, civilization, and refinement."
We should imagine that the sunnySouth was the
seat of power, the chosen abode of commerce,
manufactures,and the mechanic arts; of literature
and the finer arts; of schools and libraries! We
should also imagine that the free North was the
home of ignorance, poverty, and vice, and organ-
ized anarchy.
Sir, the Senator has placed the North and the
South, the free and the slave States, freedom and
slavery," face to face." I meet him on that issue'.
I make no assault; I make no warupon the South.
This contest, which now stirs the nation to its
profoundest depths, is no contest between the
North and the South. It is a contest between the
rights of man and the privileges of an aristocratic,
oligarchic class.
Mr. President, the Senator points triumphantly
to eight hundred and fifty thousand square miles
of slave soil; to the finest natural soil and the most
genial climate. We of the North confess to your
extent of territory, your naturally fine soil, and
your genial climate. We make-no claim to equal-
ity of extent, of climate, or of soil. When the
foot of civilized man first pressed the sods of
the New World, your section abounded in soil so
rich it seemed exhaustless; ours was hard, cold,
and rugged. Freedom took the rugged soil and
still more rugged clime of the North, and now
that rugged soil yields abundance to the willing
hands of free labor. Slavery took the sunny lands
and sunny clime of the South, and now it has left
the traces of its ruinous power deeply furrowed
on the face of your sunny land. In 1612, before
the foot of the bondman had pressed the soil of
Virginia, Sir Thomas Dale, in speaking of that
Commonwealth, said:
" Take four of the best kingdoms of Christendom, and
put them altogether, they-may no way compare with this
country either for commodities or goodness of soil."
At an earlier period, Lane, Governor of Ra-
leigh colony, says of Virginia and Carolina:
" It is the goodliest soil under the eope of heaven—the
most pleasing territory in the world."
Says "A Perfect Description of Virginia,"pub-
lished in London in 1649:
"New England is to Virginia as Scotland is to England.
There is much cold, frost, and snow; their land is barren;
except a herring be put into the hole ycu set the corn in, it
will not come up."
Two hundred years have passed since those
words were penned, and we do not'now " put a
herring in the hole we set the corn in," on our
barren soil, yetitcomesup. Millions of the acres
of" the goodliest soil under the cope of heaven"
in old Vir ginia are now so poor, that " a herring
put in the hole they set the corn in" would not
bring it up.
Washington, in a letter to Arthur Young, in
1787, says:
" Our lands, as I mentioned to you, were originally very
good; but use and abuse have made them quite other-
wise."
James Madison tells us, in 1819, that much of
the rich soil of Virginia had been exhausted.
Governor Wise said of the agriculture of Vir-
ginia, in 1855:
" You all own plenty of land; but it is poverty added to
poveitv, poor land added to poor land ; and nothing added
to nothing makes nothing." * * "You have the
owners &kmning the negroes, and the negroes skinning the
land, and all grow poor together. You have relied alone on
the power of agriculture; and such agriculture ! Youi sedge-
patches outshine the sun; your inattention to your only
source of wealth has seared the bosom of mother earth. In-
