1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
gates, chosen in each State by the people thereof, I
under the recommendation of its Legislature, for j
their assent and ratification.5' X'he idea of sub-
mitting their handiwork to the test of the bahot-
box to give it vitality and validity did not occur ,
to them. They did not deem it expedient even. ,
Before I proceed to discuss the great question
before us, I beg to he indulged in a single sugges- :
tion with regard to the Lecompton constitution.
There is one feature of that instrument which,
permit me to say, meets my most cordial appro-
bation; call it "Americanism," " Know Noth-
ingism," or what you please. It provides that
the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of that
State shall be at least thirty years of age, and
shall have been citizens of the United States for
at least twenty years, to be eligible to office. And
it furthermore provides that those who are enti-
tled to vote shall be citizens of the United States
above the age of twenty-one years, and shall have
resided in the State one year. That, sir, is one
of the principles which has ever been regarded as
among the fundamental principles of the Amer-
ican party. Compare that with another consti-
tution which we are called on to ratify. I mean
the constitution of the Territory of Minnesota,
the getting up of which I have learned, indirectly,
was by frauds, in comparison with which the
alleged Kansas frauds amount to comparatively
little. That constitution, sir, provides that for-
eigners, unnaturalized, who have been twelve
months in the United States, and four months in :
the State, shall be entitled, at the ballot-box, to i
the same privileges as a citizen born here, who \
has studied our Constitution and our institutions j
until he is presumed to know something about j
them. Indians, too, are permitted to vote, pro- j
vided they put off the garments of savage life and
put on broadcloth or jeans made up in the form
of coat, vest, and pantaloons.
Mr. Chairman, I have said that this slavery
question is the great question which we are con-
sidering. It is the practical issue. It is another
form of the same old question which for many
years has come up in one shape or another for the
consideration of Congress; and although it has
often been attempted to bid it "down," yet it
will not down at our bidding; and we are told that
if we admit Kansas under the Lecompton consti-
tution that the agitation still will not stop. We
are told with taunt and sneec and jeer that that
shall not stop this agitation. Perhaps not; but
do you think the agitation will stop if we refuse
to admit her ? Let the final vote in this House be
a rejection of Kansas as a State under the Le-
compton constitution, and it will go with light-
ning speed, upon a thousand wires, to every part
of the North, and you will hear an answering echo
rattlingalongupon the same wires: "We have tri-
umphed; we have crushed out these tyrant slave-
holders; we have got the slave-drivers under our
feet"—appealing to Black Republicans, in terms
the most impassioned and denunciatory, to rush
on and to subjugate them. It may be that admit-
ting Kansas with the Lecompton constitution may
not still this unhallowed, fratricidal strife. I fear,
indeed, and the times are ominous and portentous,
that it will not have that effect; but if it is stopped,
that is the only mode, in my opinion, by which
it can be stopped for a long time to come. Refuse
to admit Kansas, reject her, keep the question
open, keep the subject of strife still before the peo-
fle undecided, and I feel justified in saying that
know this unhappy contest will not cease. It
will wax fiercer rather.
Now, what is this slavery agitation ? It is not
a thing of to-day. It is not a thing of the year
{jast, or even of the age just gone by. We have
lad it for a long time. It originated before the
adoption of our Federal Constitution, and it has
continued ever since; and it has raged since, per-
haps, with more violence than before. Under that
instrument, which we all know is a compromise
—an agreement which our fathers mutually en-
tered into for themselves, their heirs, and their
representatives forever; under the Constitution,
slavery was made an element of political weak-
ness in every State where it existed. And I come
|iow to answer the idea which was thrown out,
notforthefirst time, by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings. j I say that, under the Federal
Constitution, slayery is an element of political
weakness in the States where it exists.
Let me illustrate. We have had comparisons
instituted herp between the State of New York
and the State of Virginia, between the State of
Kentucky and the State of Ohio. Whether these
comparisons were fair and just, I do not under-
take to say; but, suppose 1 should go back into
the history of your proud old State, Mr. Chair-
man, and institute an inquiry of another sort.
The greatest product of a civilized government is
its men, said Mr. Burke, when shedding eloquent
tears over the grave of his only and much-loved
son: "At this exigent moment the loss of a fin-
ished man cannot easily be supplied." I might
point to the scroll of history, written so plain that
we may all read, and say, "There is Virginia;
look at her names. There, too, is Kentucky—
glorious old Kentucky; and there are hernames;"
and leave you to point to the glorious sons of
New Yorkand Ohio,and array them, fori would
not make any invidious comparisons.
Let me institute a comparison illustrative of the
doctrines which I enunciated just now, between,
I may say, the State of my youth and the State of
my manhood; the noble old State where I had the
honor—for I do esteem it an honor—to draw my
first breath, and the glorious State where, I hope,
in the providence of God, I shall be permitted to
lay down what shall be left of my mortal remains
—Massachusetts and Tennessee. It appears from
the census of 1850, under which was made the
apportionment by which we are now represent-
ing those States m the national Legislature, that
Massachusetts has a population of less than one
million, whereas Tennessee is shown by the
same authority to have a population of more than
one million. The precise numbers, it is not ne-
cessary to state for the purpose of the argument.
On this floor, Tennessee, with a population of
upwards of one million, is represented by ten
members only, while Massachusetts, with a pop-
ulation of less than a million, is represented by
eleven members. This inequality oceurs under
the provision of the Federal Constitution referred
to by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,]
in the outset of my remarks in connection with
an idea repeated here and elsewhere, I will not
say how many times,
Mr. FOSTER. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a remark?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not wish to be dis-
courteous, and I hope I am not discourteous when
I decline to yield the floor. Owing to an indolent
habit, I have not reduced my remarks to writing,
as is often done by other gentlemen, and which,
I admit, may be the better mode. Therefore I
hope, as my time is fast running out, that gentle-
men will not interrupt mo, unless the interruption
is necessary. If I may " guess," my friend from
Maine [Mr. Foster] was going to state, that of
the population of Tennessee three hundred thou-
sand, or more, are negro slaves.
Well, sir, let me ask how many of the people
of Massachusetts that go to swell the numbers in
the census tables are convicts in their penitentiary
and in their prisons ? How many of them are
paupers? how many of them are foreigners, un-
naturalized and unamericanized? Why, sir, in
one school they have there—and that is a fact I
would commend to the attention of those who are
fond of dealing in comparative statistics—in one
institution, the details of which I happen to have,
a sort of juvenile penitentiary—a reform school
they call it: I believe an excellent and most ne-
cessary institution for that State—they have six
hundred and more bad boys, to be reformed. I
suspect that, Mr. Chairman, is a greater number
of graceless lads than you could find in all your
State whom your civil authorities would deem it
necessary to take away from their parents at that
early age, and to shut them up in a reformatory
institution, in order to keep them from becoming
rogues when they grow up to be men. And these
unfortunate children are a part of the population
of the State, counted by the poll in the Federal
enumeration? Why should we not reckon our
negroes, as well as Massachusetts her convicts ?
But you say negroes do not vote. That has been
true, in fact, in Tennessee, since 1834, when, by
a change in our State constitution, the free ne-
groes who had previously enjoyed the elective
franchise, were excluded for the first time from the
ballot-box. But what does that signify? How
many persons in Massachusetts vote? The whole
number amounts to some one hundred and forty
or one hundred and fifty thousand, out of a pop- I
ulation of something less than a million. So that
among the whole people, only one in five or six
can vote; and that one voter, by a political neces-
sity, governs the other four or five. I am aware
there has been some objection made to that state
of affairs by an interesting portion of her popula-
tion; that her fair daughters—and they are very
fair and learned to a degree—have often petitioned
the Legislature, and have held conventions with-
out count, insisting that things ought not so to
be; that the old-fashioned mode of petticoat-
government and curtain lectures are not exactly
suited to the progress and refinement of modern
civilization; that they desire a little more author-
ity—something more effective than persuasion—
which, under the present state of political privi-
leges, they do not enjoy. But at present, less than
one fifth of the whole population do the voting,
exercise all the political power. For the purpose
of this discussion, it matters little who compose
the other four fifths, whether men, women, or
children; criminals or the virtuous; black or white;
freemen or slaves. They are not governors, they
are the governed.
What else? We are told that our slaves are not
people, not population at all; that they are mere
property. " Why," they say to us, " would you
let our property vote-r-our oxen, our horses, our
mules:"—or to use an illustration which I would
not venture upon in this presence, except that I
borrow it from a distinguished son of Massachu-
setts, afterwards a distinguished citizen of Penn-
sylvania, Benjamin Franklin—"would you allow
our 'jackasses' to vote ?" meaning the four-footed
ones, of course.
That brings us exactly to the point of practical
difference upon this subject between the people
of the North and the people of the South. The
people of the South hold the slave to be a per-
son. Northern men say he is merely property,
a chattel, and nothing more. We were told the
other day by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] that he could not admit this " guilty
fantasy"—I think that was his expression—of
property in man. My dear sir, where do you get
that idea from ? No property in human beings?
Do you state that as a proposition of law, or an
assertion of fact that can be maintained ? What
is property? What do we mean by it? Property,
proprietas—what is it?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Tennes-
see, I presume, refers to mo. The gentleman asks
me whence I get my authority for saying as 1 did
say on this floor, that there could be no proper-
ty in man; and the pretense of property in man
was an atrocity, a wild and guilty fantasy. I am
surprised that the gentleman should put that ques-
tion. I tell the gentleman, in the first place, that
I feel perfectly confidentthat thegentleman's own
immortal spirit bears witness, in spite of his logic
to the contrary, to the truth of the assertion that
there can be no property in man; that his right
to life and liberty is inherent and imperishable;
therefore, I put the question to the gentleman,
can he himself be rightfully reduced to a chattel
and sold as a chattel ? Can his wife be rightfully
reduced to a chattel and sold as a chattel? Can
his child be rightfully reduced to a chattel and
sold as a chattel? Answer me that.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is that same immortal
principle alluded to by the gentleman—the unan-
swerable logic of personal conviction—upon which
I was proceeding to predicate my argument. But
before doing so, I submit to his better judgment
that it is, to say the very least of it, in question-
able taste for a member standing here to put forth
his particular opinions, then to throw them into
the face of another, who, by position, if not other-
wise, is his peer as long as he stands upon this
floor, and cry " answer me that;" as if our opin-
ions and convictions were not entitled each to the
same respect. I assure the gentleman his ques-
tion is not difficult to answer. I am happy to
answer it.
I wasproceedingto ask what property is. Why,
sir, it is the peculiar right which one man has in
some person or thing, paramount to, and to the
exclusion of, anybody else. That is the idea, if
not the definition of property. It is the right pe-
culiar to myself,exclusive of all others, by which
I hold my farm; the right by which I hold my
horse. It is the right by which I hold the very
clothing I wear as my protection. And, sir, I ask
the gentleman from Ohio if he has not a property
