1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
in his own wife? Has he ilot a property in his
own child? has he not a property, as a guardian,
in his own ward ? has he not, as a master, a prop-
erty in his own apprentice, which the law will
protect, as well in his own State as in every other
State in the civilized world ? X imagine he thinks
he has. Propeityin slaves a solecism! a guilty
fantasy! Property in man a principle which you
appeal to my immortal spirit to contradict! Sir,
I have stated that, after all, the great difference
between the people of the North and the people
of- the South, was in the mode of looking at the
status of the negro, whether, in hiring a slave, he
is not to be regarded as a person.
lam aware that anything I might say upon this
point would probably be attributed to the heat of
argument, to the pressure of circumstances, and
to the force of this particular occasion, if it did
not expose me to insinuations equally-ungenerous
and unfounded. I hold in my hand a legal decis-
ion made not long ago by one of the best of men,
slaveholder though he be, a man candid and con-
scientious in his convictions, cool, calm, and de-
liberative in his judgment—Nathan Green—made
When he adorned the bench of the supreme court
of Tennessee, and announcing the opinion of the
entire court. The question presented to their con-
sideration was this—exactly the one I am now
considering: whether a slave be a person,and as
such can be a legatee and take, under a will? Hear
what he says on the subject, announcing, so far
as the highest legal authority of my own State is
concerned, the view that is entertained on this
identical question:
iiut we are met with the objection that none but free
persons have a right to sue, and that the persons of color in
this ease are still slaves. A slave i  not iu the condition of
a hor-c 01 an ox. His liberty is restrained, it is true, and
Ins owner controls his actions and claims his services. But
he is made after the image of the Creator. He has mental
capacities, and an immortal principle in his nature, that
constitute linn equal to his owner, but for the accidental
position in which fortune has placed him. The owner has
acquired conventional right to hnn, hut the laws under
which lie 13 held as a slave, have not and cannot extinguish
his high born nature, nor deprive him of many rights inhe-
lent in man. Thus, while, he is a slave, he can make a
contiact for his freedom which our laws recognize, and he
can take a bequest of his freedom, and by the same will he
gtm take personal orreal estate."~Ford vs. Fonl^l Hump.,
94.
Sir, I drop that portion of the argument. Such,
1 have attempted to show, is the effect of this pro-
vision in the Constitution of the United States;
that by reason of it, the people of the free States
have been enabled to encroach upon the southern
or slave States, and that with the continual cry of
" slave power," " property representation." This
argument,predicated upon the " slave-power"
idea, was thrown in my teeth at the very outset
of my remarks by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddings,] as though it was wholly unanswer-
able. And just in this connection, sir, fori maybe
permitted to refer to a speech which the venerable
gentleman—venerable from his age, I mean—made
on this subject a few days ago. I commend it to
his further consideration; and I ask him to say
whether he would, coolly and deliberately—for I
know he is subject to undue excitement—ap-
proaching,as he is,almost to thevergeof the other
world, repeat it. I ask him to say whether, as
lie expects the solemn court, which I hope may
be still remote—for I mean something more than
mere compliment when I say to him, or to any
other aged man, serus in cieliim retleas—I ask him
to say whether he would ratify orapprove it? He
is denouncing the idea of property in man as rank
infidelity, and says:
Could I hope that my remarks would meet the eye of
ftnti.-h ministers, I would 111 an especial manner invoke
then oiliei.il uitluence against this infidelity. I would be-
seech them 110 more to sanction, by their action, that blas-
phemy which seeks to transform the image of God into prop-
erty ; which degrades man, with his undying aspirations,
his eternal destiny, to the level of the brute."
My God ! has it come to this, that the oldest
member honored with a place in this House, from
which the lightest whisper is carried on the wings
of the wind to that autocratic, overpowering, un-
feeling domination, should utter such language ?
—such fearful invocation upon the most determ-
ined foe we have ever had ?
Does he in his place call on the British power
to crush out and put down the sons of the men
who fought for his country's deliverance from the
same power, atYorktown,at Camden, at Eutaw,
at King's Mountain, and who resisted that same
British power at New Orleans, ay, the sons of
the men who in former times, when the gentle-
man's own Western Reserve was in peril "and in
trouble, went from their distant homes, and re-
sisted the same British power, aided, as it was,
by the savage foe, to protect the settlements of
his now flourishing State ? Has it come to this ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him 
Mr. MAYNARD. I prefer that the gentleman
should hear me a little further, before he under-
takes to answer. Sir, is that all? Not only does
he commend us to the tender mercies of that hate-
ful Power—and I regret that he should have had
some little pretext for the utterance of such a sen-
timent, in something said a few days since, as I
would fain hope in the excitement of debate, by a
gentleman on the other side of the Hall [Mr.
Shorter]—but he goes further, and
" I would also warn the Spanish Crown and other con-
tinental Powers, that our present Executive is seeking, by
all the various means and arts of diplomacy, to detach Cuba
from its allegiance, to annex it to the United States, in order
to increase the influence of the slave power, and add
strength to this American infidelity.
" I hope and trust that this conspiracy may be defeated;
that ail Christian Governments may exert their power
against the further extension of this scourge of our race."
Sir, in history there have been two aged men,
who have been conspicuous. One, we are told,
sat day after day and year after year in the Ro-
man Senate ;and when callpd upon to speak, all that
he said was "Delenda est Carthago." That is not
the speech which my compeer from Ohio indulges
in. No, no, no ! He is not speaking of a foreign
Power. He is not speaking of the enemies of
his country. It is not Carthage, hated and feared,
which he would destroy. No, no, no! There
was another venerable man—venerable for his
years—the jabbering, jibing old infidel ofTerney,
whose one speech was aimed at the Holy One,
under whom we all hope for salvation—" Crush
the wretch !" " Crush the wretch !" And, sirs,I
fear, I fear—I hope not, I will not believe—that
" crush the wretch !" will ever be the exclama-
tion of any who may ever come to have a place
here. " Wretch !"—word of baleful omen, which
should include the loved ones whom you and I
have left in our far-away homes. What mean
these things? I am speaking to gray hairs. I
bow down to age,and do it reverence. Butletme
appeal to the gentleman, in a spirit of kindness,
and say to him, "do not, although you bring
your own neighbors, your own Black Republican
hosts, to make war upon us—do not, do not, do
not, 1 beg of you, invoke upon us British power
or the Spanish inquisition !"
I would be glad to have gone a little into the
history of the slavery agitation, to show how it
sprung up m this country, and to show how it
had its origin in a faction in the North; then, as
now,actuated by hatred to the South, and every-
thing southern, from the time when, during the
revolutionary war, it tried to supplant Washing-
ton in his high command; how it attempted to
prevent the formation and adoption of the Amer-
ican Constitution; how, in 1803, when we ac-
quired Louisiana, it stated in this House that it
was a cause sufficient to dissolve the allegiance of
the States to the Federal Government; and that
while it was the privilege of all, it was the duty
of some, to go out peaceably if they could, forci-
bly if they must; how, when we were engaged in
another war, with the same British power, they
met in convention at Hartford, in that odorous
land of the nutmeg and the onion; and how, worse
than that, they hoisted blue-lights at New Lon-
don, that this same deadly enemy might know
where to strike us; how, in 1820, they resisted
the admission of Missouri into the Union, for the
simple and sole reason that they now resist the
admission of Kansas; how ihey flooded this floor
with petition after petition, for the most absurd
and impracticable objects, apparently for the pur-
pose only of aggravating and annoying the South;
how they continued this aggressive and annoying
system of policy until 1850, when we believed
that the laws then passed were, in the language
of a gentleman then representing a southern State,
" a finality in their totality." And then 1 would
like to have reminded our Democratic friends
how, when we had got the snake scotched but
not killed, at the commencement of the Thirty-
Third Congress, now four years ago, in every
department of the Government they held the reins
in their hands, wielding a power deemed irresist-
ible, they committed what, in politics, is said to
be worse than a crime—a blunder—which again
brought up the slavery agitation in a form mare
fierce and rampant than ever before.
Mr. Chairman, you know that one of the insti-
tutions peculiar to the South is the yellow-jacket,
a very irritable little insect, whose nest, with the
boys, is a practical noli-mt-tangere. Sir, the boy
who would deliberately put his finger into a yel-
low-jacket's nest might be admired as a model of
prudence and sound discretion in comparison with
the politician who would stir up the abolition ele-
ment in our political affairs.
But, sir, 1 have not time to dwell upon any of
these matters. I would like, if I had'time, to fol-
low that same element, this same abolition fury,
for it is such, through all its ramifications in the
Kansas troubles; I would like to follow it in the
form of grave and learned professors, in the form
of reverend clergymen—ay, sir, in the form of
lovely woman; sending to that troubled land emi-
grants from public meetings, armed with the rifle
in one hand, and, for a counterpoise, a Bible in
the other. I would have liked to have shown, if
I had had the time, how thefse rifles were used for
the murder of some of my own neighbors, people
who were not slaveholders—and there is a gen-
tleman now in my eye, who knows very well to
whom I allude—people who went into Kansas be-
cause they were poor, with the hope of providing
for their children a condition better than their own.
These men, I say, were shot down, shot down by
free-State men, decoyed from their beds at the
hour of midnight, under false and wicked pretexts
—not only were their lives taken, but their bodies
mutilated and mangled, in a manner that would
have disgraced a troop of sepoys. And yet, the
Administration is cens-ared&nd denounced for send-
ing an army into Kansas to preserve the peace !
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
the other day, if I understood him, took the ground
that the army was sent there in violation of law,
and that the people would have been justified in
levying war upon them and driving them out by
force.
I might pass on, and if I had time I would be
glad to do so, until we come down to the very
latest act in this great drama of fanaticism—an
act which has just closed in that same State to
which I have referred—theStateof Massachusetts
—and of which the slower progress of the mails
has yet failed, I believe, to bring us the intelli-
gence which has reaehed us by a shorter mode of
transmission. I refer, sir, to the removal from
the office of judge of the probate court of the
county of Suftolk, in that State, of Ed ward Greely
Loring. The mere removal of the man is a mat-
ter of little consequence. We see men go out of
office every day without much, if any, feeling.
When at the commencement of the session the
little page boys were sent home to their widowed
mothers under the stress of party discipline, I
confess that my sympathies were affected tenfold
more deeply than by the removal of this gentle-
man, who is known to me only^ in his public
character. But the cause for which he was re-
moved is matter of higher consideration, matter
which it concerns us to notice. What is that
cause? That he has been unfaithful in the exer-
cise of his office ? That widows and orphans have
suffered under his administration of the affairs of
his court? Not at all; not at all. But because,
some four, five, or six years ago, he assisted, in
the character of a commissioner of the United
States, under the act of Congress known as the
fugitive slave law, in restoring to a gentleman in
Virginia a slave who had escaped and taken ref-
uge in Massachusetts.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to correct him?
Mr. MAYNARD. My time is nearly ex-
hausted.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I wish to cor-
rect a statement made by the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. My time is nearly out and
I must go on. 1 am very sorry indeed to seem
l even to be disobliging. I am not so. I wish X
| had time to hear all the gentleman has to say. If
i the removal of Judge Loring is susceptible of ex-
] planation I would be glad that it should be eX-
I plained, but I cannot yield for that purpose now.
| Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I wwh to cor-
! rect him as to a point of fact.
i Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot yield.
