1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3833
here twelve years ago, when the tariff system was
altered. Anybody who will take the trouble to
look into the facts will see that, for three years
after 1846, when we changed flur duties from the
specific to the ad valorem system, the duties actu-
ally rose. The amount of duty increased for the
first three years under the operation of the bill
we repealed last spring, and yet that bill was
called a great reduction of duties and a vast ap-
proach towards free trade.
I suppose the amendment now before the Sen-
ate has been suggested simply with a view of call-
ing attention to the fact that the benefits of laws
for revenue are shared by all sections of the coun-
try, and in some degree to bring back the Senate
to a rational consideration of these subjects. (Jntil
this proposition for the repeal of the duty on salt
was offered, I did not know that there was salt now
manufactured upon the Atlanticcoastof this coun-
try; I supposed there was some salt in the interior
that was protected by its location, principally by
reason of the cost of transportation to the place
of consumption. If, however, there is any inter-
est that will be interfered with by the repeal of the
salt duty, I am against that repeal. I am against
any other proposition that will tend to depress
any branch of the industry of this country, no
matter where it is located; it makes no difference
to me whether it is in Louisiana, or in the interior
of New York, or in Missouri. I am sorry to see
it connected with this bill, but it is legitimately
connected with it. The Senator from Alabama
says he has had the repeal of the fishing bounties
in contemplation for eighteen months, but when
, the regulation of our system of revenue comes to
be considered carefully it will be found that it af-
fects the whole length and breadth of this land.
I should be v.ery glad if the Senator from Ala-
bama would agree to postpone this bill for a little
while, because it seems to me there are some in-
dications that seamen may be wanted for the pur-
poses indicated when this debate commenced, as
the object for which the fisheries were encouraged.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no disposition to de-
bate this matter, but I want to enter my decided
and firm-settled opinion against the proposition
which was laid down by the Senator from Lou-
isiana. If I understood him, he distinctly stated
that the increased price of sugars (I suppose he
might say, or certainly ought to have said, all
over the world,) during the last year, was owing
to the failure of the sugar crop in Louisiana. He
did not say all over the woild; I suppose he meant
to confine it here; but he might just as well have
said all over the world. Now, sir, the diminu-
tion of the sugar crop in Louisiana was not a
single drop in the great ocean of the world.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think if the Senator will
enter into the discussion of that with me at the
proper time, he will find that the statement he is
now making is utterly without foundation.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have simply risen for the
purpose of offering my opinion as briefly as did
the Senator. He affirms the doctiine; I deny it.
Now we will adjourn that question to a proper
time, when we will discuss it. I say that other
causes, the vast amount raised and consumed in
other portions of the world, commercial specula-
tions, and a hundred other causes contributed to
produce that result; and I repeat again, all the
sugar raised in Louisiana was not an ounce in the
uncounted tons that were produced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to correct the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, in regard to his supposition
as to the motive with which this amendment to
repeal the duty on sugar was offered. I am for
repealing the duty on sugar in good faith; and if
that amendment be added to this bill, I shall vote
to pass the bill. My amendment is not offered
for the purpose of killing the bill; and the Sena-
tor from Alabama can have my vote in support of
the bill if this amendment repealing the duties
upon salt and sugar shall be added to it. So gen-
tlemen need not apprehend, so far as I am con-
cerned, that the bill is to be defeated by the adop-
tion of this amendment; and I disagree totally
with the idea advanced by my friend from Rhode
island, [Mr. Simmons.] I do not believe that
sugar is cheaper because we pay a duty of twenty-
five or thirty per cent, upon the value of the sugar
which is imported into this country. 1 believe
it adds to the price.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think I stated distinctly,
not that sugar was cheaper because of the duty
of thirty per cent., but because of the circum-
stance of the encouragement given to the- cultiva-
tion of sugar in this country, and the competition
between sugar produced in our country and for-
eign sugar. That was my proposition—not that
it was nakedly on account of the duty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I look upon the duty on
sugar as one of the most objectionable of all the
duties that are laid in this country. The produc-
tion of sugar is confined to a very limited extent
of country. According to the statistics which I
have before me, only four hundred thousand acres
of land are cultivated in the production of sugar
in this country. The whole number of planters
engaged in the raising of sugar was but two thou-
sand six hundred and eighty-one when the cen-
sus of 1850 was taken. Last year we paid in
duties $12,478,000 on this single article. The
whole value of the sugar crop was less than that.
The whole value of the sugar crop raised in the
United States was less than the amount of duties
which we paid on that one article.
Now, sir, sugar is an article which enters into
universal consumption; it is one of the necessaries
of life; and it cannot be raised, as the Senator
from Louisiana has admitted in the remarks he
has just submitted to the Senate, except by a sort
of forced cultivation, in this country. I think,
at the last Congress, we made an appropriation
out of the public Treasury to send a vessel abroad
to procure cuttings of sugar-cane for these two
thousand six hundred southern planters, for
whose benefit wo are paying this enormous tax
on a common article of universal use throughout
the country. Why, I ask, should a few planters
be pampered in this way ? I know we must raise
a revenue to defray the expenses of Government;
but why not raise that revenue upon articles which
all use,if you please, so that we may pay equally?
Why not give us a bounty upon other agiicultural
products, where we may find, in some particular
portion of the country, four hundred thousand
acres of land which, by a sort of hot-house cul-
tivation, would produce a particular article. I
presume it would be possible, by great labor and
expense, to produce many of the articles not in-
digenous to this country; and shall we lay a tax
for the benefit of a few persons who may wish to
engage in the cultivation of such articles?
I believe, sir, it will be found, as ageneral rule,
that the difference between the price of sugar in
the West Indies and this country is just about the
amount of the duty we impose, with the cost of
transportation added. Sugar at Havana is less
than it is in the market of New York, to the ex-
tent of our duty and the cost of importing it into
the market; and I have no doubt that the sugars
used in this country last year would have cost the
people of this country $12,000,000 less than they
did but for the duty. I never believed in the doc-
trine that the higher the duty the lower the price.
So far as our manufactures can be incidentally
protected in the laying of duties for revenue pur-
poses, very well. We have to raise revenue; and
if, in raising revenue, we can benefit anybody, I
am very glad to do it; hut I am a disbeliever to-
tally in the doctrine that the price is reduced by
raisingthe duty. I recollect, in one of the election-
eering campaigns thatoccurred in the West afew
years ago, when there was some discussion on
the tariff question, there was a torchlight proces-
sion got up at night in one of our little towns. It
chanced to be a very rainy night, and it was a very
muddy town. The mud was ankle deep. The
1 procession was out in the rain, and among others
i a tall, gangling sort of man, with his pantaloons
I tucked into his boots, was treading along through
the mud with a transparency reading," the deeper
< the mud, the dryer the ground." [Laughter.! I
think it was just about as reasonable as this idea
! that the higher the duty the cheaper the article.
It was a very good burlesque upon that doctrine.
| Now, sir, I am in good faith for repealing the
i duty on sugar, and I ask those gentlemen who are
opposed to pampering one class of industry at
the expense of another, to come up and help to
I repeal it. It is a very small number of persons,
; less than three thousand, who are benefited by the
I duty on sugar. According to a.little statement
I which I have here, the amount of duty being over
j twelve million dollars, and the number of persons
■ engaged in raising the sugar being two thousand
I eight hundred and sixty-one, the bounty per man
f is°$4,658'. Four thousand six hundred and fifty-
eight dollars is paid by the people of this country
for the benefit of every msn engaged in raising su-
gar, while the whole sum paid out in bounties to
fishermen amounts to $300,000, and there are fif-
teen thousand fishermen, being about twenty dol-
lars per man. Well, sir, I am not much for the
fishing bounties; and I feel very much inclined to .
vote for the bill to repeal them. It is only because
it seems to have # been the settled policy of the
country from its organization, to pay a bounty to
encourage the fisheries for the purpose of having
seamen to man the Navy, that I shall vote against
the bill, if I do vote against it upon the final vote.
That, however, is a mere mite, compared with
the enormous duty we pay upon sugar; and while
we are getting rid of $300,000, let us get rid of
these $12,000,000. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. GWIN. I shall be prepared to vote for
the repeal of the duty on salt and sugar, when
that proposition comes up fairly in a bill to revise
the tariff; but f am not disposed to put it upon
this bill, which pertains to another subject en-
tirely.
Mr. ALLEN. I introduced the original amend-
ment as a second section to the bill to repeal the
duty on salt. I thought, as we were taking off
$300,000 bounty paid to the fishermen, we could
afford to relieve them from the duties they paid
on the foreign salt consumed in curing the fish
which they export; but I had no idea, and never
dreamed of that being connected with the duty on
sugar, or any articles relating to the general tar-
iff system. Should this motion prevail to repeal
the duty on sugar, I shall be obliged to vote
against my own proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. The argument of the Senator
' from Illinois directs itself against all those who
! advocate the principles of free trade, and vote
against this amendment. I think he falls into sev-
eral very material errors. Those who vote against
this amendment—for myself, at least, I can speak
—object to a free list altogether; they want duties
imposed upon everything; and when you show
them an article which, in the language of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, is one of universal consump-
tion, it does not follow, because there is little pro-
duction of it within the United States, that it should
not be the subject of taxation. On the other hand,
I would say that, just in proportion as it is every
particle of it imported, so will the duty fall more
equally on all those who consume it. If an article
be of domestic production, and a duty bo laid on
that article, and we pay it on the article which is
imported, we also pay it on that which is pro-
duced in the country; but that which we pay on
the article produced in this country does not go
into the Treasury: it is taxation for the benefit of
him who receives it. If the Senator could show
that the duty which is levied on sugar does not
rest on the general basis of all other revenue du-
ties—if he could show that it is what he alleges
it to be, a duty which is laid for the benefit of a
favored class—then I should unite with him to
repeal it. Standing as it does, however, upon the
same general footing with the duty which we lay
upon all other articles, and being large, sometimes
enormous, as he represents it, from the failure of
the crop in the United States, it but serves to fill
the Treasury, and diffuse the burdens of Govern-
ment equally upon the great body of consumers.
|i But 1 was struck with the singularity of the
Senator's argument in which, from some table,
ji he has found the number of planters in Louisi-
l' ana. Ho has discovered the number of persons
P engaged in making sugar, and then, in contradis-
1 tinction to those persons, the whole number of
! fishermen. Why did not he give merely the num-
j, ber of merchants who owned the vessels? Why
i did he not throw out the men who navigate the
I ships and cure the fish ? He threw out the labor
! in the one case; he threw out all the family con-
nected with the great proprietor in the one case.
Wliy did he retain it in the other? Does he not
see that his comparison is utterly unfair?
If, in the whole class ofarticlesconsurned, there
be any which deserves the description he gives of
! universal consumption, it is salt. I suppose, when
! he used the term "universal, "he must have meant
j "o-cneral;" and if he had used the term general,
I I 'should have supposed ho must have meant
I among men. , Salt, however, extends greatly be-
I yond human consumption. It is consumed by an-
' imals, consumed by domestic fowls and wild
