1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
Representative is entitled to receive any pay other
than the $250 per month, and his mileage, until
the end of the session.
When I looked at the character and object of
the compensation law, as I understood it, hur-
riedly as it was passed, I supposed that -was a
necessary and proper provision, and I am sorry
to see that a change is to be made now. There
was, as I presumed, a double object to be attained;
at least, according to the current of the debate I
had that conclusion, and I know it operated in my
own mind. The change was twofold. It was
fenerally admitted that the compensation of mem-
ers of Congress was too small, and therefore it
was to be increased. The other question of chang-
ing it from a per diem to a salary depended upon
a different principle. The idea connected with
that was that the effect would be to prevent the
unnecessary prolongation of the sessions of Con-
gress; and the very object with which the com-
pensation is made payable in the mode in which
it is made payable would be defeated by repeal-
ing that part of the law which postpones the pay-
ment until the end of the session. 1 considered,
and t think others did, that the principle of a
salaried compensation was desirable with a view
to shorten the duration of what is called the long
session. I thought it would hold out an induce-
ment if the increased compensation was not pay-
able until the endof the session. Take thataway,
and you withdraw in part the inducement, and I
think alter one of the intents of' the original law
as to the benefits to be derived by the country
from this mode of compensation.
Now, sir, it is very indifferent to me whether
an amendment changes the features of a bill, in
the language of the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, entirely, or not, or whether it changes the
general scope and character of the provisions of a
bill, or whether it only makes a slight change ap-
parently even in the time and mode of payment.
I consider that material, for I think it relates to
the right and propriety of the matter.
With these convictions in my mind, that the
change had better not be made at all, and also
with the further conviction that a change will be
made as to the time of payment, though I think
that may in part tend to frustrate one of the ob-
jects of the law, I intend to move two amend-
ments. The first divides itself into three sepa-
rate branches, though all depend on the same fact.
The idea in my mind is, that a Representative or
Senator who has taken his seat in Congress,
Which is claimed by a contesting party, ought
not to receive compensation for a period of time
when he rendered no service, if he has not been
validly elected. I am perfectly aware, and I so
stated the other day, that beyond all question the
member of Congress who is returned prima facie
in either body as a member, and takes his seat,
is entitled to his mileage. He has performed his
travel, and the mileage is based on that.
I amsaware, also, that it has been the habit of
Gongress, where a contest has been made in good
faith, to allow to the contestant, out of the con-
tingent fund, mileage and compensation during
the progress of the contest. It seems to me that,
under the change of the law now proposed, this
will grow into an abuse. By making the whole
amount of arrears, as they are called, payable on
the first day of the session, you enable the man
who has obtained the first return to receive, not
only the mileage, to which he has some shadow
of right, having performed the travel, but pay for
nine months, when no service has been rendered,
and when he was not entitled to a seat. My first
amendment is to prevent this being carried into
an abuse.
There are many defects in the present law, but
I do not desire to go any further now than I think
mere justice to the body of which I am a mem-
ber demands. I cannot suppose that the House
of Representatives will refuse to yield to the sec-
ond amendment I mean to propose. It is not to
give mileage to Senators for attending at a special
called session, but it is to provide that when a
Senator has attended such a session and dies
before the next regular session, his represent-
atives shall receive his compensation up to the
time of his death; and, also, that where a new
Senator attendsata special session and dies before
the next session, his representatives shall be en-
titled to mileage. I propose to apply this to those
Senators who died since the last session. Though
they would not be entitled to mileage for the
special Session, I think their representatives ought
to receive the amount of their compensation.
My first amendment is. to insert after the word
" and " in the twelfth line of the first section, " on
the third Monday in December thereafter;" and
in line eighteen, after the word " and," to insert
"at the expiration of fifteen days after the com-
mencement of such session;" and to add to the
first section this proviso:
Provided, That this resolution shall not be held to apply
to any Senator or Representative whose right to his seat is
contested by another person claiming ihe same, when the
claim is made within twenty days after the commencement
of the first session, and remains undecided.
The Senate will observe the effect of this amend-
ment. I am satisfied that this change in the mode
of compensation will be made; but if it is to be
made, I wish to exclude the impropriety of paying
for services never rendered, and making payment
for a period of time, in many cases, when the per-
son was not in official existence. If you do not
adopt this amendment, you will be frequently pay-
ing two members from the same district. The
amendment only postpones the right of a mem-
ber whose seat is contested by another to receive
pay for the recess until the contest is decided. It
only excludes cases where the claim is made
within twenty days from the commencement of the
first session of a Congress. I propose to leave
such cases to the operation of the law, as it now
stands. I do not think there is anything unrea-
sonable in that. If we choose to alter the time of
payment as to those members whose seats are
uncontested, and I think that is a material alter-
ation of the law, we ought certainly to do it in
such a manner as net to make double payment for
services never rendered during a period of time
when no one was in existence to perform the ser-
vice. I desire to avoid what I think will be an
abuse.
Mr. STUART. I am very anxious to have a
vote on this resolution, and but for the very great
respect I have for the opinions of the honorable
Senator from Delaware, I should not say a word
in reply to what he has stated; and certainly I
shall not be supposed to entertain anything but
the highest respect for him, in the remarks I shall
now submit. I beg, however, to submit to him
that his argument must be unsound. It may be
that the practice of Congress has had something
to do with producing his impressions. The
practice has been almost universal in cases of
contested seats, to pay both parties. But I pro-
pose to say a word as to the true construction of
this act. Under the Constitution of the United
States, each State has a right to two representa-
tiveson thisfloor—and I shall confine myremarks
to the Senate, because the illustration is a fair
one. An election is held, and the State authorities
certify that a certain citizen of that State is regu-
larly elected a Senator. He comes here and takes
his seat; he performs the duties and receives the
emoluments incident to a Senator of the United
States. If another individual comes to contest
his seat, the Constitution has conferred on this
body the right to review the question, and say
whether the State authorities have decided prop-
erly or not. If the Senate declare that the State
authorities made a wrong decision, they oust the
man holding the certificate, and seat his compet-
itor. From the time he is thus placed in his seat
as a Senator of the United States, he has power
to act and power to receive the pay. He has no
power to act before that time; he has no authority
to receive the pay which accrued before that time.
I think an examination of the law will render
this clear; and if it were a new question that had
never been embarrassed by the former custom of
both Houses in paying member and contestant, I
hardly think there would have been anotheropin-
lon expressed on the subject. To say that a man
has the right to receive pay during a time when
he was not a member, is not only to advance an
anomaly, but it is to advance a doctrine against
which the Judiciary Committee of the Senate de-
cided at the last session. The question was sol-
emnly referred to them by the Presiding Officer
of this body, and they reported that a man could
not receive pay for a time when he was not a
member. No such retroactive effect is given to
the action of the Senate ill ousting one Senator
and seating another.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot agree with the hon-,
orable Senator from Michigan as to the view he
takes of this law. To me it seems clear that if
a man takes a seat in Congress on the faith of
the prima facie return, and his right is contested
by another person, whoisfinally.decidedtohave
been validly elected, the person who received the
return ought not to be paid for a period of time
when he rendered no service. Gentlemen ask how
you can deprive him of the arrears ? It is not ar-
rears in the proper sense of the word. It is pay-
ing him £3,000 for a whole year during a part of
which he was not even a sitting member. The
object of the present law is to put the represent-
atives of all the States on the same footing, no
matter at what period of the year they may have
been elected. If a member takes his seat on the
usual prima facie evidence, but, a contest being
made, it turns out that he was not duly elected,
but that the contestant was, I do not conceive it
possible that the contestant could be deprived of
the compensation which the law meant to give to
the person really elected. The argument of the
Senator from Michigan is that the member who
succeeds in the contest and. shows that he was
validly elected, shall he cut short in the compen-
sation to which he is entitled, and that the person
who has been unseated shall be entitled to the
compensation though he may not remain here
long enough to perform any service. I cannot
understand that. The compensation is given not
in reference to the period of absence, but it looks
to the whole year. To givs to the law a con-
struction which would enable a person who was
never validly elected to take a great portion of
the pay from the person really elected, does not
Seem to me to be rational.
I think the amendment I have offered will pre-
vent difficulty. It does not interfere with the gen-
eral idea of advancing the time of payment. It
simply prevents an abuse which will grow up
under the resolution if adopted without the re-
striction which I propose.
Mr. PUGH. I will suggest to my friend from
Delaware, that there are now two Senators whose
seat3are contested,and it would seem to be rather
an unkind thing to vote ourselves this amount of
money and cut them out.
Mr. BAYARD. If the honorable Senator will
look at the amendment he will find that it does
not touch such a case. It applies toa case where
one person claims the seat of another within fif-
teen days after the commencement of the first
session of a Congress. There is no Senator in
this body in that position. It refers to the case
of a double claim.
Mr. PUGH. I apprehend no difficulty about
the claimant. We have never paid a contestant
out of the appropriation for paying members of
Congress. We have always paid him outof the
contingent fund It is not done by joint resolu-
tion, but by order of the Senate. If we think
the contestor has not presented a frivolous claim,
but a fair ground of contest, we order him to be
paid out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
The difficulty in my mind was in the case of a
contestee. All the rest of us come here on the
first day of the session and draw our pay, but if
anybody presents a frivolous or causeless petition
against any member, he is to be prevented from
receiving his compensation, and he will never get
it until .the Senate disposes of the case. They
may dispose of it or not. They may postpone
it for other matters. All this time you make the
gentleman attend as a Senator. If he does not
attend you dock him of his pay. If he does at-
tend you do not pay him. If this resolution is to
construe the salary law of the last Congress, it
seems to me the less you put in it the better; I
was not in favor of the salary bill, because I an-
ticipated cxactly some of these troubles. I was
for an increase of the per diem; but Congress
having taken the opposite course, I see no diffi-
culty in this joint resolution, as a construction
of the law, except that I am apprehensive that it
will give us mileage for every session.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator cer-
tainly misunderstands the effect of my amend-
ment. It does not deprive the sitting member of
his pay. It leaves him under the operation of the
existing law. He will get his $250 a month and
his mileage; but it prevents the law from being
so altered that he can claim as of right, when his
seat is contested within the first twenty days of
the first session, pay for nine months of recess.
