124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Mr.PUGH, Yes. We get $2,250, and he does
hot. If I presented a petition to contest the Sen-
ator's seat, I would prevent him getting $2,250,
although every other Senator got it.
Mr. BAYARD. X concede that, as to that por-
tion, it has that effect; but are we to assume that
a seat will be frivolously contested, and remain
undecided ? The claim must be made within
twenty days after the commencement of the first
session. It is not to be presumed that Congress
will entertain, in either body, a frivolous claim
on the part of a contesting party, and leave itun-
decided for twenty days. It is not a rational pre-
sumption. There must be ground to go on, or
they would not do it. This amendment deprives
the party of no ultimate right; because if it re-
main undecided, the man who is the sitting mem-
ber at the end of the session would then get his
whole pay under the existing law. It leaves him,
under the existing law, as the Senator would
stand, and I would stand, in a contest as to our
seats. There would be no hardship, if you left
the existing law standing. You get as much pay
under the existing law, during the progress of
the session, as you got under the old compensa-
tion law. The only difference is, that the addi-
tional sum we have voted to ourselves is not pay-
able to us until the end of the session. Is it any
great hardship, in a case where a member's seat
is contested, to say, that if it is contested within
twenty days, the original sum shall not come into
his hands until the end of the session? That is
all. It only prevents that anticipation, which it
is the object of this bill to provide for with refer-
ence to members of Congress I ask for the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I believe there
is really but one question before the Senate, and
that is whether we shall pass the bill without
amendment, or go on and perfect the whole law
in regard to compensation. I have no doubt, and
I have not met a single person who has a doubt,
that the minds of Senators are made up 011 that
subject. The hour is very late. 1 hope that we
may have a vote and dispose of it. Gentlemen
will vote as they please, but let us decide whether
we shall take the resolution as it is or amend it.
If the intention is to amend it, we may as well
adjourn nowand take time to perfect the law; for
if we arc to go into it, it will certainly require
time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to suggest to the
Senate that there may possibly be a mistake in
the resolution as it stands now. I understand
that it is not the intention to change the law with
regard to the mileage; but as it stands now it is
clear to my mind that the resolution gives to each
Senator and Representative mileage for every ses-
sion, no matter how many sessions there may
be during a Congress. The law now allows
mileage for only two sessions of each Congress;
but this resolution will, I think, allow mileage for
every session, whether there be three, four, or
five during a Congress. I do not suppose that
is the intention, but I think that is the effect. It
now reads, "on the first day of the second or any
subsequent session, he shall receive his mileage
as now allowed by law." I propose to obviate
the difficulty by striking out the words " or any
subsequent," and inserting " regular."
Mr. IVERSON. I do not understand that this
resolution will have the effect which the Senator
from Maine apprehends.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do; and I think lean
satisfy the Senator that it is so. •
Mr. IVERSON. The resolution says mileage
shall be paid as now provided by law, and the
present law prohibits mileage for more than two
sessions of a Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will observe
that the act of 1856, fixing the compensation of
members, said that each should receive a salary
of $6,000 for a Congress, and mileage as then
provided by law; and it went on to make pro-
vision that mileage should be received but twice
during a Congress. This resolution either unwit-
tingly or cunningly adopts the old language. In
the first place, it provides that, at the beginning
of the first session of a Congress, each member
shall receive the amount of compensation due for
attendance, and his mileage, as now provided by
law. Itgoes back behind the law of the last Con-
gress, because that made no provision for mile-
age. The provision by law for mileage was made
long ago. The act passed last year allows the
mileage provided by law, with a proviso that it
shall only be received at two sessions of a Con-
gress. This resolution provides that, at the be-
ginning of the first session of a Congress, each
member shall receive mileage, as now provided
by law; and then it further says,"thaton the first
day of the second or any subsequent session, he
shall receive mileage as now provided by law.
So you see it gives mileage, as provided by law,
for every session,110 matter how many there may
be during a Congress. This brings us back to
the old law.
Mr. PUGH. The old law was that mileage
should not be given for a session called within
ten days of the adjournment of another session.
Mr. IVERSON. The amendment suggested
by the Senator from Maine will postpone the bill
just as effectually as any other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot help that.
Mr. HALE. The last act we passed on this
subject, reads:
" The compensation of each Senator, Representative, and
Delegate in Congress, shall be $6,000 for each Congress, and
mileage as now provided by law, foriwo sessions only."
Then, when that act of 1856 became a law, the
mileage was paid for two sessions only; and when
this subsequent bill refers to mileage as now pro-
vided by law, it takes the existing law and it takes
this law too; so that the old law is modified by
this law, and when this resolution says " mile-
age as now provided by law," it means mileage
for two sessions only; and, therefore, the objec-
tion of the Senator from Maine, begging his par-
don, is without any foundation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator is
mistaken. I know that when this matter first
met my notice, I had some doubt about it; but I
examined it carefully, and I suggested it to Sen-
ators around me, particularly to the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.] He has no doubt
about it, and I think there can be none. At any
rate, it certainly is a doubtful matter, and if it is
douOiful we ought to exclude the conclusion, be-
cause, at this time to pass an act which is pos-
sibly increasing our compensation, would, in my
judgment, bo very unwise. The Senator will
allow me to say, with all respect, that if ho will
look at the joint resolution carefully he will see
he cannot be right, because the last section of it
repeals everything passed before inconsistent with
this resolution.
Mr. STUART. It is precisely the point last
mentioned by the Senator to which I wish to call
the attention of the Senate. I agree entirely with
what was said by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. The present compensation law is in force,
except in so far as it is repealed by this resolu-
tion. The language of the present compensation
law is, " mileage as now provided by laiv for two
sessions only." The language of this resolu-
tion is, "mileage as now allowed by law," these
words," for two sessions only," remaining in the
law, and remaining in force. That called my at-
tention to the repealing clause of this resolution.
It is not a general repealing clause; it is only a
repealing clause in regard to the postponement of
pay and no further. It is in this language:
Jlnd be it further resolved, That «o much of said act, ap-
proved August 16, J.R.V!, as conflicts with this joint resolu-
tion, and postpones the paymentof said compensation until
the close of each session, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
There is no other part of it affected, and none
other intended to be affected. The sole object of
this resolution is to cure a single difficulty, and
that object is rendered definite and explicit by the
peculiar words of the repealing clause. After
providing a new manner by which the members
should receive the pay that had accrued up to the
first day of the session, it then repeals all parts ]
of the former act which exclude that. That is j
the sole effect of the repealing clause.
Mr. BROWN. I feel no especial interest in j
the passage or lion-passage of this bill; but it j
seems to mo we are discussing here a question
which has very little in it. Beyond all dispute,
at the close of the present session of Congress
the members of both Houses will be entitled to
the pay accruing from the 4th of March up to the
commencement of this session. About that there
will be no dispute. On that day they will be enti-
tled to come forward and demand their pay, and
receive it. If there be any difficulty, growing
not of the pay due to deceased members, to mem-
bers whose seats have been disputed, or disputes
of other kinds arising, they will exist then. This
resolution, as I understand it, does not profess
to take cognizance of any such disputes, but sim-
ply to pay now what the officers of the Govern-
ment will be required to pay at that time. What-
ever would be the right of a member at the close
of a session, the bill proposes to give him now.
That is all, as I understand, that there is in it.
If, then, a member would be entitled to come
forward and get his pay at the close of the session,
the bill simply proposes to give him the right to
come forward and receive it now. If he would
not be entitled to receive it at the close of the ses-
sion, he will not be entitled to receive it under this
bill, if it passes. So that, notwithstanding all the
Senator from Delaware has said, this bill does
not profess to settle any matter of dispute as to
whether the deceased member or his estate shall
receive pay, or whether his successor shall receive
it; or, in the case of a contest, as to whether the
sitting member or the contestant, if he succeeds,
shall receive pay. It settles no such dispute, but
leaves everything of that kind where we find it,
and proposes to pay now what we can undoubt-
edly receive at the end of th'e session.
The question is simply whether we shall take
our pay at the close of the session or receiye it
immediately. Other questions, which I admit to
be matters of dispute, must become the subject
of legislation hereafter; and in their proper time,
and in their proper place, they ought to receive
consideration. I can see no possible difficulty to
the Government or to ourselves, or to anybody
else, arising out of the passage of this measure.
If the Senate think proper to pass it, very well; if
not, I am quite content, so far as I am concerned;
but as to the difficulties raised in the way of its
passage, they seem to me to amount literally to
nothing.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that a great
deal of confusion is thrown into the case by pass-
ing from one amendment to another, without dis-
posing of any of them. The honorable Senator
from Maine suggests an amendment, with a view
to prevent what would be very improper on the
part of either House, if his construction of the
language used be the legitimate one. Certainly
we ought not to allow mileage to a greater extent
than the original law contemplated. I confess
that the remarks which he has made leave me in
doubt. I do not say my convictions are strong
on this point; but 1 think it at least doubtful
whether mileage may not be claimed for more
than two sessions under this provision.
I do not read the repealing clause of this reso-
lution as it is read by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, li repeals all that is in conflict
with this resolution, and postpones the payment
of the compensation. You maygive to that the
meaning that anything in the law proposed to be
amended, which is in conflict with this resolu-
tion, is repealed. Now, the very thing in con-
flict is as to the mileage, which, by the law pro-
posed to be amended, is restricted to two sessions.
The resolution provides for mileage at the first,
and at every subsequent session of a Congress.
Here, then, is a conflict. Without speaking pos-
itively on the subject, I think it at least doubt-
ful whether this does not allow mileage for more
than two sessions of a Congress. If it does, it
certainly ought to be amended.
But I pass from that to my own amendment
and the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Mississippi in regard to it. It is true, the only
difference this resolution makes in the law is to
provide that the sum which is now to be paid at
the end of the session shall be paid at the com-
mencement; but in that very difference consists
the danger of abuse. If you pay the whole sum
at the commencement of a session, you are hold-
ing out inducements to obtain improper prima
.fade returns, because the moment a man takes
his seat he is enable to draw back pay on the first
day of the session, before it is possible for Con-
gress to decide on the validity of the returns. If
he is not paid till the end of the session of course
it will be decided during the session, whether the
prima facie returns are sufficient to entitle the per-
son to a seat or not.
The danger of abuse arises from the time of
payment, and it becomes material for that reason.
I think that if you put the law in the position in
which it is sought to be put, you will find the
