17&
APPENDIX TO. THE CONGRESSIONAL QLQBE.
[March 20,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Conatiiution^-Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
ling operatives, the " mud-sills" of society. Of
the poets, whose nativity is giver) by Mr. Reed,
in his "Female Poets of America," plev-n are
from the South, seventy-three from t^e Nor-th^
Nine tenths of ajl the books -written in America*
fit to be read—nine tenths of all the kooks pub-
lished in America, fit to be published—are written
and published, not in the land of tbat privileged
class pf Tjirhich the Senator boasts, but in the free
States, unblessed by that privileged class; nearly
all the authors, whose names grace and g£orn
the rising literature of America, whose names are
known in the literary and scientific world, find
their homes in the free States of the North. Irv-
ing, Ticknor, Sparks, Bancroft, Prescott, Hil-
dreth',and Motley, whose contributions to the his-
torical literature of America are recognized by the
"literary world; Dana, Bryant, Halleck, Long-
fellow, Sprague, Whittier, Lowell, and Willis,
the recognized poets of our country; Hawthornp,
Emerson, Curtis, Melville, and Mitchell, whose
names grace the light literature of our times; and
Silliman, Agassiz, and Pierce, names associated
with American science, find their homes, not in
the land of the privileged class that the Senator
from South Carolina tells us leads " progress, civ-
ilization, and refinement," but they dwell in the
land of " smali-fisted farmers, greasy mechanics,
and filthy operatives"—the " mud-sills" of soci-
ety. The sculptors,and the painters, and the art-
ists—they, too, find their homes, not in the sunny
South, but in the free land of the North. In lit-
erature, in science, in the arts, the superiority of
the North is beyond all question. Men who have
been, or who no ware," hireling laborers "in some
forms in the North, have contributed more to the
arts, the science, the literature of America, than
the whole class of slaveholders now living in the
South.
I would not, Mr. President, underate the influ-
ence of the slave States iu the councils of the Re-
public. Bound together by the cohesive attraction
of a vast interest from which the civilization of
the age averts its face, the privileged class have
won the control, and direct tho policy of the Gov-
ernment. In the council and in the field, the
representatives of this privileged class have as-
sumed to direct and to guide. But in accumulated
capital, in commerce, in manufactures, in the me-
chanic arts, in educational institutions, in litera-
ture, in science, in the arts, in the charities of
religion and humanity, in all the means by which
the nation is known among men, the free States
maintain a position of unquestioned preeminence.
In all these, the South is a mere dependency of
the North. India and Australia are not more the
dependencies of England than are the sharehold-
ing States the dependencies of the free States.
Sir, your fifteen slave States are but fifteen sub-
urban wards of our great commercial city of New
York. Beyond the political field, this dependency
of the South is e very where visible, even to the most
blind devotees of " King Cotton." Mr. Peny,
in an address before the South Carolina Institute
In 1856, says of the State represented by the Sen-
ator:
"The^dopewlenceof South Carolina upon the northern
States, for ail the necessaries, comforts, ami hixunes winch
the mechanic arts alibid, has drained liorof her wealth and
made her positively poor."
Mr. Helper, of North Carolina, in a work en-
titled i( The Impending Crisis of the South," de-
scribes, in this graphic language, this humiliating
dependency of the South upon the North:
"In infancy we are swaddled in northern muslin ; in child-
hood we are humored by northern gewgaws ; in youth we
are instructed out of northern book*; in old age we are
drugged with northern physic ; and when we die, our inan-
imate bodies, shrouded in northern cambric, are stietched
upon the bier, borne to the grave m a northern carriage, m-
tornbed with a northern spade, and memorized with a north-
ern slab!
"ReaderI would you understand how abjectly slave-
holders themselves are enslaved to the products of northern
industry ? If you would, fix your mind on a pouthern gen-
tleman, a slave breeder, and human flesh monger, who pro-
fesses to be a ChristianObserve the routine ol his dady
life. See. him rise m the morning from a noithcin bed, .uid
clothe himselfin northern apparel; see him walk ariose the
flour on a northern carpet, and perform his ablutions out of
of a northern basm and ewer. See hmi uncover a box ot
northern powder, and cleanse his teeth with a noithern
bru-di; see him lefieet his physiognomy in a northern mir-
ror. and anange his ban with a northern comb. Sec him
dosing himself with the mendicaments of northern quacks,
and pertaining his handkerchief with northern cologne. See
him icfemngto the tnnc in a northern watch, auu glancing
|it the news in a northern gazette. See him and his family
sitting in northern chairs, and sifiging and placing out of
northern hooks. See htm at the breakfast taf?!e saying grace
over a northern plate, eating with northern cutlery, and
drinking from noithern utensils. See him charmed with the
melody of a northern piano, or musing over the pages of
a northern novel. See him riding to his neighbor's in a
northern' carriage, or furrotvinafhis lands with a northern
plow. See him lighting his cigar with a northern match,
and flogging his negroes with a northern lash. Seehim with
northern pen and, in£, \vriting letters on northern paper,
and sending therri away in northern envelopes, sealed with
northern wax, and impressed with a northern seal,"
Passing, Mr. President, from the consideration
of these startling contrasts between the effects
of intelligent free labor on the North, and un-
skilled slave labfcr on the South, I proceed to the
contemplation of the blighting and crushing ef-
fects of slavery, not upon the poor bondmen,
but upon the non-slaveholding poor whites of the
South. Putting out of view altogether the sad
lot of nearly four millions of hapless bondsmen,
doomed to a destiny so rayless, so cheerless, so
hopeless, that the Senator from South Carolina
Tauntingly tells us that they are " unaspiring,"
and will never give any " trouble to us by their
aspirations," I here and now declare that the five
millions of non-slaveholding whites of theSouth
live in meaner houses, consume poorerfood, wear
poorer clothes, have less means of mental and
moral instruction, less culture, and less hope for
the future for themselves and their posterity, than
the five millions of the poorest people of the sev-
enteen millions of the North. I include, sir, in
this declaration the millions of emigrants from
western Europe, from the banks of the Thames,
the Shannon, and the Rhine—men characterized
by the Senator from South Carolina as "semi-
barbarians." I will demonstrate the truth of this
declaration by abundant quotations from southern
authorities.
The first witness i put upon the stand is the
honorable Senator from South Carolina himself.
In an address before the South Carolina Institute,
the Senator said that
" Of the tluee hundred thousand white inhabitants of
South Carolina, time are fifty thousand whoso industry,
such hi* it is, and compensated a  n jp, is not adequate to
piocure them honestly such a support as every white per
son is entitled to. Some of them maintain a feeble and in-
jurious competition with slave labor; some can scarcely
be .^aid to woik at all ; they obtain a pieeurious subsistence
by occasional jobs, by hunting, by lishmg, sometimes by
plundering fields or folds, and too often by what is, in its
eflvcts, far worse—tiading with slaves, and seducing them
to plunder for their benefit."
Comment, Mr. President, is needless.
William Gregg, in an address delivered before
this same South Carolina Institute, in 1851, said:
" i put down the white people who ought to work, and
who do not, or are so employed as to be wholly unproduct-
ive. at one bundled and twenty-five thousand." " A large
poition of our poor white people are wholly neglected, and
are suffered to while away an existence in a state but one
step in advance of the Indian of the forest." * * *
* " Many a one is 1 fared in proud South Carolina, from
birth to manhood, who lias nevct passed a month m which
he has not been stinted for meat." * * * *
"These may bo startling statements, but they arc never-
theless tiue."
When the Baron DeKalb met, General Francis
Marion, during the Revolution, he expressed
amazement that so many 4'South Carolinians
were running to take British protections." Ma-
rion replied:
s" The people of I'arolma form two classes, the rich and
the poor. The poor arc very poor: the rich, who have slaves
to <io ait their work, give them no employment. lineup,
poitcd by the rich, they continue poor and low-spirited."
* * * "The little they get is laid out in biandy, not
in hooks and newspaper*; hence they know nothing of the
comparative blessings of our country, or of the dangers
which threaten it; therefore, they care nothing about it.
The rich are generally very lich ; afiaid to stn lest the Brit-
ish >hould burn their houses, and carry off their nrgioc*."
After the war, he estimated that " poor Caro-
lina lost through her ignorance $15,000,000;" for
"ignorance begat toryism, and toryism begat
losses." Referring to the blessings of education
for the people, he said:
41 Look at the people of New England. Religion had
taught them that Cod had crcated men to be happv ; to be
happy, they must have virtue; that virtue is not to be at-
tained without knowledge; nor knowledge without instruc-
tion; nor public instiucnon without Qee schools; nor free
schools without legislative order."
South Carolina has sent many of her sons into
the councils of the nation who have won distin-
guished positions and high honors; hut there is
more philosophy, more wisdom*and more states-
manship, in these words of Francis Marion, than
can be garnered up from all the eloquent utter-
ances of the statesmen and orators she has sent
into the councils of the Republic.
Mr. Oimstead, in hjs work on the " Sea-board
S.lave States," speaking of the educated Carolin-
ians—-that other class which, according to the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, leads
" progress, civilization, and refinement*'—says
that u they habitually make great claims"-to cul-
ture.
" But I must observe, also, that I have been astonished at
the profound ignorance and unmitigated stupidity I have
found hi some planters owning large numbers of slaves."
A southern-born gentleman, who had resided
in South Carolina, and who had traveled in Span-
ish America, said to Mr. Oimstead, speaking of
the Spanish and Higpano-Indian races, that he
had
—"seen, among the worst of them, none so entirely de-
based, so wanting m all energy, industry, purpose of life,
and in everything to be respected, as among extensive com-
munities on the banks of the Congaree, in South Carolina."
**********
" They are more ignorant, their superstitions are more
degiading, they are much less industrious, far less chcerful
and animated, and very much moie incapable of being im-
proved and elevated, than the most degraded peons of Mex-
ico. Their chief sustenance is a porridge of cow-peas, and
the greatest luxuiy with which they are acquainted is a
stew of bacon and peas, with red peppei, which they call
1 hopping John.'"
Speaking of the sand-hillers, Mr. Oimstead says
that a rich rice planter described them in these
words:
"Thejr seldom have any meat, cxcept they steal hogs,
which belongto the plantersortheu negroes; and their chief
diet is nee and milk. They are small, gaunt, and cadaver-
ous, and their skin is ju«t the color of the sand hills they
live on. They are quite incapable of applying themselves
to any labor, and their habits are very much like those of
the old Indians."
A northern gentleman, who had spent a year
in South Carolina, said to Mr. Oimstead, after
speaking respectfully of the wealthier class:
"The poor whites, out in the country, are the meanest
people I ever saw; half of them would be considered objects
of charity in New York."
Speaking in favor of manufactures, the Hon.
J. H. Lumpkin, of Georgia, in 1852, said:
"I am by no means ready to concede, that' our poor, de-
graded, half-fed, half-clothed, and ignorant population, with-
out Sabbath schools, or any other kind of instruction, men-
tal or moial, or without any ju t appreciation of character,
will be mjui ed by giving them employment m manufacturing
establishments."
Mr. Oimstead says:
" It is evident that a large part of the people of Georgia
still have the vagiant and hopeless habits of Oglethorpe's
fiist colonists, somewhat favorably modified, it is true, by
the phj&ical cucumstances which have made them superior
to absolute chanty or legal erimc, and also, perhaps, by the
influence of a freely preached, though exceedingly degraded
form of Christianity. They are still coarse and irrestram-
able m appetite and tempci , with pei verted, eecentiic, and
intemperate spmtual impulses, faithless in the value of their
own labor, and almost imbecile for personal elevation."
Mr. Tarver, of Missouri, in a work on " Do-
mestic Manufactures in the South and West,"
says:
" f have observed of late years, that an evident deterior-
ation is taking place m this part of the population, the
younger portion of it being less educated, less industrious,
and in eveiy {joint of view less lespeetable than their ances-
tors."
Mr. Helper, of North Carolina, says:
" Poverty, ignorance, and superstition are the three lead-
ing characteristics of the non-slaveholding whites of the
South."
The reports of ecclesiastical bodies in the South,
ofmissionary, Bible, tract, educational, and other
societies, and the statements of colporteurs, and
other persons interested in the intellectual and
moral cul ture of the people, furnish the fullest and
amplest evidence to sustain the declarations I have
made concerning the poor whites of the slave-
holding States. Upon them the evils of slavery
press with merciless force. I trust the day is not
far distant when they will inaugurate a policy that
shall at least emancipate themselves and their
posterity from a thraldom hardly less endurable
than the bondage of the black man. The noble
city of St. Louis has sent into the House of Rep-
resentatives Francis P. Blair, junior, a cham-
pion of the rights of the non-slaveholders of the
South. Let the oppressed poor whites heed the
voice and follow the councils of such a leader, and
the day of their deliverance from their galling
degradation will soon dawn. There are signs that
cannot be mistaken, in the North and in the South,
