1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
most pertinent inquiry, therefore, how far this
Lecompton constitution embodies and expresses
the sentiments of the people over whom it is at-
tempted to be ordained, and it requires the rehear-
sal of a few facts only to show most clearly that
it was conceived in sin, born in iniquity, nursed
in fraud, and can only reach the maturity of man-
hood in violation of every principle of justice,
honor, and good faith.
It is not necessary here to go back to the organ-
ization of this Territory and note, step by step,
the successive outrages and usurpations that stain
its history. I shall only take time to recur to the
proceedings more immediately connected with the
framing and pretended ratification of thisLecomp-
ton constitution. I commence at the 19th day of
February last; when we find a Territorial Le-
gislature in session, claiming to exercise author-
ity—a Legislature which owed its existence to
bare-faced outrage and fraud—a band of usurp-
ers, whose authority never was recognized out of
sight of your soldiers. This bogus Legislature
passes a law providing for a constitutional con-
vention to be held on the first Monday of Sep-
tember, and the election of its delegates on the
first Monday in June, The President of the Uni-
ted States, in his anxiety to indorse the action of
a usurping Legislature, and to smooth the pas-
sage of another slave State into the Confederacy,
tells the country, in his annual message, that this
enabling act of the Territorial Legislature " was
in the main, just and fair; and it is to be regret-
ted. that all the qualified voters had not registered
themselves, and voted under its provisions." He
states moreover, that " a large proportion of the
citizens of Kansas did not think proper to regis-
ter their names, and to vote at the election for del-
egates; but an opportunity to do this having been
fairly afforded, their refusal to avail themselves of
their right could in no manner affect the legality
of the convention."
Now, Mr. Chairman, against these bold state-
ments of the Executive, I place testimony that
cannot well be gainsayed. I give the statements
of the gentlemen who were sent there by the Ad-
ministration as executive officers of that Territory
—men whose antecedents and associations com-
mended them to the Administration as fast friends
of that peculiar institution which it is the province
of the Democracy in these latter days to cherish.
Governor Walker says:
" Tlwit ("the Lecompton] convention had vital, not tech-
nical detects, in the very substance of its oiganizauou
under tl*o territorial law, winch could only be cured, in my
judgment—asset forth in my inaugural and other addresses
—by the submission of the constitution for ratification or
rejection by the people. On refeience to the territorial law
under which the convention was assembled, thirty-four
regulaily oijjanized comities were named as election dis-
tuets for delegates to the convention. In each and all of
these countie- it was icquired by law that a census should
be taken, and the voters registered; and when tins was com-
pleted, the delegates to the convention should be appor-
tioned accordingly. In nineteen of these counties there was i
no eotiMis, and therefoic there could he no .such apportion- !
mont there of delegates bused upon such census. And in
fifteen of these counties there was no registry of voters.
'• Tlie-sc fifteen counties, including many of the oldest
organized counties in the Teiritory, were entnely disfran-
chised. and did not give, and (by no Jault of their oun)
could not give a solitary vote for'delejiates to the conven-
tion." * * * * u Nor could it be said these
counties acquiesced; for, wherever they endeavored by a
sub-equent renMi* or registry of their own to supply this
defect, occasioned by the previous neglect of the territorial
officers th« delegates thus chosen were rejected by the
convention.
"I repeat, that m nineteen counties out of thirty-four,
there no r ensu*. fn fifteen counties outof thirly-four,
then? v/a1? no lem-stiy ; and not a solitary vote vas <*iven or
could be !>ircn Jor delegates to the convention in (ivy one of '
these counties. Suiely, then, it cannot be said that, such a
convention, chosen by scarcely nioie than one tenth of the
present voters in Kansas, represented the people of that Ter-
ritory, and could ughtfully impose a constitution upon them
without their consent."
And Secretary Stanton, a pro-slavery Demo-
crat, confirms this statement in the following ex-
tract:
'•The census therein provided for was imperfectly ob-
tained fiom an unwilling people in nineteen counties of the
Territory; while in the remaining counties, being also nine-
teen m number, from various causes, no attempt was made
to comply with the law. In some instances people and of-
ficers wen: alike averse to the proceedings; in others, the
officers neglected or refused to act; and in some there was
but a small population and no efficient organization ena-
bling the people to secure a representation in the conven-
tion."
In investigating, therefore the regularity and
fairness of this convention, we find that in nine-
teen counties out of thirty-four there was no cen-
sus , and in fifteen counties out of thirty-four there
was no registry, and consequently there could not
be a vote m them for delegates to the convention;
and it appears moreover that this failure to take
a census or make a registry, disfranchising as it
did a majority of the counties, was chargeable to
the territorial officers; men who were the crea-
tures of this usurping authority, and who denied
the people of these counties the privilege of an
election, because that election would result con-
trary to the wishes of the conspirators who were
plotting and scheming to defeat a fair expression
of the popular will. Nor does this record of wrong
stop here. The citizens of one county, whose
officers had refused to make a registry, met and
elected two delegates to the convention, being the
number to which they were fairly entitled, and
when these delegates present themselves, they are
rejected by the convention because they were not
elected under the territorial law. And yet, in
defiance of these facts, which are blazoned forth
to the scrutiny of an intelligent people, in the face
of the evident truth that the failure of these men to
vote was no fault of their own, we have the Pres-
ident of the United States assuring us that an op-
portunity to vote has been fairly afforded, and that it
is to be regretted that all qualified voters had not re-
gistered themselves, and done so. To what humiliat-
ing expedients do not the necessities of slavery
drive its instruments, when a Chief Executive of
the nation is compelled to resort to so flagrant a
misstatement of facts?
So much, Mr. Chairman, for the manner in
which this Lecompton constitution was institu-
ted and organized. Instead of representing the
sovereignty of the people it is but the represent-
ative of an insignificant faction; instead of being
the exponent of the popular will, it has been crea-
ted in flagrant disregard and defiance of the pop-
ular sentiment of the Territory. It has only been
able to hold its sessions with Federal bayonets
around it to protect it fiom an outraged and ex-
asperated people; and yet this body of men is
indorsed by an Administration and a party that
professes to subscribe to the doctrine that the
people of a Territory are free to form and regulate
their own institutions!
And now, let us pass from the organization of
this convention to its action. It assembles in
Lecompton; it frames a constitution; and here
another fraud is invoked to subserve the purposes
of the conspirators against freedom. The people
of the Territory had a pledge m the organic act,
that they should determine for themselves the
character of the institutions under which they
were to live—a pledge which the men who sus-
tained the act were bound in good fuith to keep.
Then they had been assured in the name of the
Democracy at Cincinnati, that the right to form
a constitution rested with the people of the Ter-
ritory, u acting through the legally ami fairly ex-
pressed will oj a majority of actual residents." And
at a still later date the President of the United
States, in his inaugural, says:
iC It i< the mipciative and indispensable duty ofthe Gov-
ernment of the United States to Ri-cuie every resident in-
habitant the lreeand independent expression oflus opinion
by his vote. Tins t-acrcd light of each individual must be
preserved.*'
And, still later, the Governor of the Territory,
speaking for the President and Cabinet, assures
them that they shall be protected in the right of
voting for or against the instrument, and that the
popular will shall not be defeated by fraud or vio-
lence.
And then John Calhoun and his colleagues,
when candidates for scats in that convention,
pledged themselves that the constitution to be
framed shall be submitted to every bona fide actual
citizen of Kansas, " in order that the said consti-
tution may be adopted or rejected by the actual
settlers of the Territory, as the majority of voters
shall decide." Here were pledges and assurances
made and renewed to the people of that Territory,
that they should have the privilege of latifying or
rejecting the instrument that was framed by the
convention. How were those pledges redeemed ?
Was this constitution submitted by the conven-
tion to the popular judgment? Never; the sub-
mission under the schedule was a most trans-
parent fraud and swindle. It provided that the
resident might vote " constitution with slavery"
or " constitution with no slavery;'' but for the
constitution he must vote m any event. No mat-
ter how obnoxious the provisions of that instru-
ment may be to him, he cannot vote against it.
He cannot express his dissent on any question of
finance, or taxation, or schools, or banking, or
the numerous questions that enter into State policy
and politics. In reference to all those matters, he
must take this instrument just as it came from
the hands of its framers. He cannot even vote to
make a free State of Kansas, by a ballot for the
" constitution with no slavery," for the schedule
provides that if the votes for the " constitution
with no slavery" prevail, then " slavery shall no
longer exist in the State of Kansas, except"—
now mark the words—" except that the right of
property in slaves now in the Territory shall in no
manner be interfered withIn other words, the
slaveholders in the Territory were made secure
in the right to their slaves and their increase for-
ever; and the only effect of a vote for the u con-
stitution with no slavery" was to determine the
future source of supply, namely: that it shall be by
increase of the slaves within, and not by importa-
tion of slaves from without. As has been well re-
marked, the only question submitted was whether
Kansas should be a slave State with the slave
trade, or a slave State without the slave trade.
Such was the submission of the slavery ques-
tion—a mockery and an insult. It gave no power
to the people of the Territory to prohibit African
slavery; but it fastened it upon them for all time
to come. It bound them hand and foot, and placed
them at the feet of Calhoun and his confederates.
And yet the President adds insult to injury by
telling them and us, that at that election every cit-
izen had " an opportunity of expressing his opin-
ion, by his vote, whether Kansas shall be received
into the Union with or without slavery"—a state-
ment which the facts show to be utterly without
apology or excuse.
But passing from the form of the submission,
let us look at the manner. The president of the
convention, John Calhoun, appointed three com-
missioners foreach county. These commissioners
j established precincts for voting in each county,
as they deemed proper, and selected inspectors of
! election for the several precincts—then the returns
j were to be made to this John Calhoun, who de-
j termines the result. Sir, when this scheme was
devised for holding an election, it needed no
| prophet to foretell the result. It wasalready afore-
gonc conclusion. The history of Kansas elec-
tions, under the control of those men, had been a
history of villainous fraud, unknown before in the
experience of the Republic, and this election was
no exception to the rule. The creatures whom
John Calhoun placed as inspectors at the Oxford
precinct returned thirteen hundred votes for the
" constitution with slavery," when a census, sub-
sequently taken, establishes the fact that there
were only forty-two white male inhabitants in the
township over twenty-one years of age. His in-
spectors at Shawnee returned over one thousand
votes for the " constitution with slavery," when
the same census shows but one hundred and fif-
teen male inhabitants of legal age in the town-
ship; and the return from Kickapoo was likewise
threefold the actual number of its legitimate
voters; and by such unblushing frauds a vote of
some six thousand has been returned for the
"constitution with slavery"—a vote more than
double the real pro-sfavery strength of the Ter-
ritory.
Nor did these men content themselves with re-
taining in their own hands the entire machinery
and control of this election, but they prescribed a
test oath for the express purpose of repelling free-
State voters. The ninth section of the schedule
provides that—
" Any person ofFeiing to vote at the aforesaid election,
upon said constitution, shall be challenged to take an oath
to support the Constitution ofthe United States, andio S"p-
■j>ort this constitution, under the penalties of perjury under
the territorial laws."
Yes, sir, the man who went to the polls to de-
posit his ballot is met by an oath that he will sup-
port this constitution, under the pains and penal-
ties of perjury. He must make an unconditional
surrender at the very outset. He must submit to
the humiliation of bowing down before his op-
pressors, and calling Heaven to witness that he
recognizcs, acknowledges, and will support, the
work of their hands. He may be a man whose
instincts and impulses arc all on the side of free-
dom and humanity, but before he can vote, he
