174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
sions, in the marts of commerce, on the exchange,
where merchant-princes and capitalists do con-
gregate; in these manufactories and workshops,
where the products of every clime are fashioned
into a thousand forms of utility and beauty; on
these smiling farms, fertilized by the sweat of
free labor; in every position of private and of pub-
lic life, are our associates, who were but yester-
day 'hireling laborers,' 'mud-sills,' 'slaves.'
In every department of human effort are noble
men who sprang from our ranks—men whose
good deeds will be felt and will live in the grate-
ful memories of men when the stones reared by
the hands of affection to their honored names shall
crumble into dust. Our eyes glisten and our
hearts throb over the bright, glowing, and radi-
ant pages of our history that records the deeds
of patriotism of the sons of New England who
sprang from our ranks and wore the badges of
toil. While the names of Benjamin Franklin,
Roger Sherman, Nathaniel Greene, and Paul Re-
vere live on the brightest pages of our history, the
mechanics of Massachusetts and New England
will never want illustrious examples to incite us
to noble aspirations and noble deeds. Go home,
say to your privileged class, which you vaunt-
ingly say ' leads progress, civilization, and refine-
ment,' that it is the opinion of the 'hireling la-
borers' of Massachusetts, if you have no sym-
pathy for your African bondmen, in whose veins
flows so much of your own blood, you should at
least sympathize with the millions of your own
race, whose labor you have dishonored and de-
graded by slavery ! You should teach your mil-
lions of poor and ignorant white men, so long
oppressed by your policy, the ' tremendous se-
cret that the ballot-box is stronger than an army
with banners!' You should combine and lead
them to the adoption of a policy which shall se-
cure their own emancipation from a degrading
thralldom !"
Mr. President, for four years the distant Ter-
ritory of Kansas has been the battle-field between
freedom and slavery—between free labor which
elevates, and that servile labor which degrades.
In this contest, slavery has startled the nation by
a series ofactsof violence,and byfrauds you will
scarcely find paralleled in the history of the world.
These acts of violence, these frauds, perpetrated
by the necessities of the slave power, upheld by
the ready servility of the Democratic party, are
now made the tests of fealty by the Administration.
Fealty to the Administration, to the Democratic
party, is now fealty to human slavery, to violence,
to trickery, and to fraud. Sir, by perversions of
the Constitution and the laws, by the red hand of
violence, by unvailed trickeries and transparent
frauds, by the indecent proscription of men of
inflexible integrity, by the shameless prostitu-
tion of the honors of the Government, and by the
"rank corruption, mining ail within," which
" infects unseen," the Administration is convert-
ing the American Democracy into a mere organ-
ization for the perpetuity, expansion, and domin-
ation of human slavery on the North American
continent. There is not, to-day, in all Christen-
dom a political organization so hostile to the rights
of human nature, to the development of republi-
can ideas, to the general progress of the human
race, as the Democratic party of the United States.
There is not a political organization even in Spain,
Russia, or Austria, that dare, in the face of the
civilized world, blazon its banners with doctrines
so hostile to the rights of mankind, so abhorrent
to humanity, as are avowed in these Halls, and
upheld by the American Democracy, under the
lead of this Administration. The great Powers of
Europe, England, France, and Russia, have fixed
their hungry eyes upon the coveted prizes of the
Eastern World; and we are invoked to forget the
lessons of Washington, to close our ears to the
appeals of the people of Kansas, whose lights
have been outraged, and turn our lustful eyes to
the glittering prizes of dominion in Mexico, Cen-
tral America, Cuba, and the valleys of the dis-
tant Amazon. No party in those three European
monarchies dare avow, m the face of Christen-
dom, the sentiment we have heard proclaimed in
these Hails, that territorial expansion and terri-
torial dominion must be made, not for the ad-
vaHcementof the sacred and sublime principle of
equal and impartial liberty to all men, but for the
subjugation and personal servitude of other and
inferior races.
Duty to the Government now prostituted and
polluted, to the country now dishonored in the
face of the civilized world, summons the liber-
ty-loving and patriotic men of the Republic, of
every name and creed, to "forget, forgive, and
unite, "and to rally to the overthrow of this venal,
cringing, and inglorious Administration, and to
the utter annihilation of the oligarchic Democracy.
To the men of the North, ay, and the men of the
South, who loathe fraud, paltry trickery, venality,
and servility; who believe that "righteousness
exalteth a nation," this summons alike appeals.
But to no men does this summons appeal with
such irresistible and imperative force as to the
" whole hireling class of manual laborers and
operatives," now disdainfully stigmatized as the
"slaves," the "very mud-sills"of that society
upon which that privileged class assumes to rest,
which now claims to control this Government,
and " to lead progress, civilization, and refine-
ment" in America. It appeals to them to repel
the libelous aspersions cast upon the toiling mil-
lions of America, by taking, through the ballot-
box, the reins of power from the grasp of the
slaveholding aristocracy of the South and their
servile allies of the North; rebuking the arrogance
of the one by banishment from usurped power,
and the servility of the other by putting upon their
breast the " Scarlet Letter" of dishonor. It ap-
peals to them to place in every department of the
Federal Government, statesmen who cherish a
profound reverence and an inextinguishable love
for humanity; who are animated by lofty mo-
tives, aims, and purposes; guided by wise, com-
prehensive, and patriotic councils; and who will
put the Republic in harmony with the sacred and
inalienable rights of mankind.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President,I design to sub-
mit some views on this question, and have been,
for some time ready to do so. I doubt very much
whether I can submit them now, before the ap-
proach of another day. I was disposed to sug-
gest to the Senate, (and I have consulted with the
Senator from Missouri upon the subject,) the pro-
priety of adjourning until ten o'clock on Monday
morning, at which time I shall be ready to pro-
ceed. 1 will submit that motion to the Senate.
Mr. GREEN". I will suggest, with the leave
of the Senator, that we first make a motion that
when the Senate adjourns it be to meet at ten
o'clock on Monday next.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. And then, if the Senator can-
not proceed to-night, and no other Senator desires
to proceed 
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Delaware
desires to speak.
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator from Delaware
could proceed to-night, I suppose the Senator
from Michigan will have 110 objection to his
doing so.
Mr. STUART. I am willing. I suggest to the
Senator from Missouri to make his motion now.
Mr. GREEN. Then I move that when the
Senate adjourns it be to meet at ten o'clock on
Monday next. Before we adjourn we can make
this subject the special order for ten o'clock on
Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trumbull
in the chair.) It is moved that when the Senate
adjourns it be to ten o'clock on Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. We cannot make this bill the
special order until Senators decline speaking to-
night. If neither of the Senators is willing to pro-
ceed to night, I will make that motion.
Mr. STtlART. I say very frankly that I should
be perfectly willing to proceed, but for the fact
that I should not be able to conclude to-night. If
the Senator from Delaware desires to proceed, of
course I shall have no objection.
Mr. GREEN. Neither of the Senators is will-
ing to proceed to-night. I therefore move that
the subject be postponed to, and made the special
order for,Monday next at ten o'clock.
The motion was agreed to. *>
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon, at
five minutes past ten o'clock, p. m., the Senate
adjourned to Monday.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Monday, March 22, 1858.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideratien of the bill (S. No. 161) for the admission of
the State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, when, in De-
cember last, I submitted some views to the Sen-
ate upon this subject, I did it because I thought
I saw distinctly and clearly that there was a move-
ment on foot in the Territory of Kansas, which,
if carried out, must necessarily endanger the ex-
istence of this Confederacy, and would do so by
striking a fatal blow at the basis of our institu-
tions. It has been supposed by some gentlemen
—and I regret to say that it has seemingly been
supposed by the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown,] and the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pdgh]—that in taking the position I then
did, it was upon this distracting question of sla-
very. As I have just stated, my object was one
much more important, one involving much higher
principles, and one involving the principle upon
which our Confederacy stands.
Pardon me, sir, while I i-efer to two extracts
from the speech that I then made—a reference
which I should not make now but for the purpose
of setting the Senators whom I have named right
upon this question. I then said:
" Sir, it may be n ecessary for me to say—if it is, I beg the
attention of the Senate wlnle I say it—that I am not dis-
cussing this question with reference to my own opinions
upon slavery ; I am not discussing it with regard to my own
opinions on any provision contained in the constitution ;
but I am "discussing it for the purpose of proving that the
action of the convention is, and was intended to be, a trick
and a fraud upon the people of Kansas."
Again:
" I have said that the power of admitting States inf6 this
Union necessarily forces upon Congress the paramount duty
of seeing that the State asks its admittance in accordance
with the will of a majority of tlie people. Show me that,
and I will never inquire one instant as to what their do-
mestic institutions are, or what other provision is contained
in their constitution, so that it secures a republican govern-
ment, which is 110 more nor less than a representative gov-
ernment, based upon the will of the people. As I said, I
am pledged to that by every speech I have ever made in my
State. I am pledged to that upon the principles of the
strictest honor and justice among men. Higher, higher yet,
I am pledged to it by my oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, which empowers me by my vote to admit
States into the Union—never to coerce them in."
I regretted that, having made that statement,
thus clearly, the Senator from Mississippi, in
delivering a speech here, which he announced to
us was for his constituents, should seek to induce
the belief on the part of those constituents that I
was an intermeddler with the institutions of the
South. Sir, that Senator and myself took seats
in this Chamber at the same time, and from that
time until to-day I have never discussed the ques-
tion of_s!avery;and so long as I entertain my pres-
ent opinions, unless some bill shall be brought
here which involves the question within itself, I
never will. I regretted that the Senator should
make that allusion, although he sought to sustain
it by something of a stale anecdote, not very well
told.
Since the delivery of that speech, Mr. Presi-
dent, which, as I have shown, was based singly
and solely upon the objection that the people of
Kansas did not adopt this constitution and ask
to be admitted under it, a variety of arguments
have been used to meet it. A vast amount of
special pleading has been resorted to to evade its
effect, until we stand here to-day in a position
where, if we were about to make up a dictionary
of significations, we could not tell what is the
meaning of " the majority of the people;" we
could not tell what is the meaning of " self-gov-
ernment," of" non-intervention," of" interven-
tion," of " enabling acts," or " submissions of
constitutions to the people." A confusion of
ideas and argum nts utterly confounded would
be the phase presented here to-day, if the friends
of this measure could see their reasoning brought
into juxtaposition. One gentleman makes an ar-
gument, and shows that States have been admit-
ted into the Union without an enabling act, and
considers 'hat he has answered the objections.
Another one rises and enumerates the number
i of States that have been admitted into the Union
