126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21
?■
on the state of the. Union be closed within two
hours after the committee shall again resume its
consideration.
The motion was not agreed to.
The rules were then suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Phelps in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question was
upon the following amendment, offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] to
the first section of the bill:
Provided, That the power to issue Treasury notes, con-
ferred upon the President of the United States by this aet,
shall cea*e and determine on the 1st day of January, 1839—
Upon which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Florence] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me the floor?
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire the floor, if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania does not occupy it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no particular anx-
iety to occupy the floor at this time, and I will
yield it to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
the gentleman farming out the floor to any one.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to occupy
it at this time.
Mr. ABBOTT obtained the floor and said: I
have waited, Mr. Chairman, since this discus-
sion commenced, for the purpose of hearing some
fentleman of this House express the views which
entertain, in reference to the bill now before the
committee. No gentleman has yet expressed the
views I entertain, and I deem it my duty to ex
press them myself.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House, and
the Secretary of the Treasury, demand the pas-
sage of this important measure upon the ground,
as I understand it, of relief to the Treasury—a
mere relief bill. Gentlemen on this side of the Hall
—my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks]
and my friend from Maryland, [Mr.Davis]—have
expressed their assent, as I understand it, to the
provisions of this bill, provided they can be quali-
fied and limited in a certain manner.
Now, sir, I am opposed to this bill in toto; I
am opposed to it upon principle, and I am op-
posed to it, also, because I believe it is not neces-
sary, at the present time, as a relief bill. I am
not in favor of converting the General Govern-
ment of this country into a great national bank
for the purpose of circulating a paper medium to
the extent of 420,000,000; neither do I believe
that this measure is necessary as a measure of re
lief. If this Government is at the present time
destitute of means for the purpose of carrying on
the Government, I am in favor of furnishing the
necessary means, whether the Government is des-
titute from its own folly and extravagance or from
any other cause. I would endeavor to protcct
the national honor and the national credit; but I
would protect it in that way which I consider
the least injurious to the public.
[Here the committee rose informally', and a
message was received from the Senate, by Asbcry
Dickins, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill entitled "An act
to authorize the issue of Treasury notes," in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House. The committee then resumed its
session.]
Mr. ABBOTT. What, sir, does this bill pro-
pose? It proposes, in the first place, to increase
the national debt $>20,000,000. It proposes, in
the second place, to flood the country with
$20,000,000 of circulating medium, which, if the
President is right in what he says in his message
in reference to banks, will tend to aggravate and
prolong the present commercial embarrassment.
Now, sir, I propose as a relief to the Treasury
at the present time, that we curtail the expenses
of the General Government by lopping off some
of the unnecessary expenditures to which the
Governmentis now subjected, or, in other words,
by abolishing, or, at least, suspending, some of
the sinecures of the country. If we can relieve
the Treasury $20,000,000 by lopping off some of
the expenditures of the Government which are
unnecessary, it will be far better, in my humble
judgment, thai) to issue $20,000,000 of Treasury
notes. Well, sir, how can it be done? I will say
to gentlemen of this House, on the one side and
the other, that if there has been the same cre-
ation of unnecessary offices all over the country
as there has been in the town in which I reside,
and you will lop off those unnecessary expendi-
tures, you will relieve the Treasury from more
than twenty million dollars per annum. In the
little town where I reside there is a population of
only five thousand inhabitants. In that little town,
since President Pierce's administration came into
power, in 1852, there have been two offices created,
at an expense to the General Government of
$4,100 per annum. One of these offices was named
aid to the revenue for the towns of Northport and
Lincolnville, and the officer was appointed from
Belfast, at a costof $1,100 per annum. The other
of these sinecures—I will nol call it an office—was
given to a gentleman in California, at an expense
to the General Government of $3,000, or more,
per annum; making in all $4,100.
Now, sir, what are the duties of those officers?
The aid to the revenue has no duties whatever to
perform. Before the collection district was divid-
ed, only three officers were required to discharge
the duties of the customs—a collector, a deputy,
and a tide-waiter. After that district was divided,
the same number of officers, at the same expense,
was retained. The duties involved in the collec-
tion of the customs at that port are only about half
as much as they were before the division of the
collection district, and yet the same number of
officers has been retained. Shortly after the in-
auguration of President Pierce, in 1852, the Dem-
ocratic paper in my town came out, because of
certain circumstances and of certain positions
which the Chief Magistrate then took against the
renomination and reelection of Franklin Pierce.
It was then thought necessary to establish another
paper, and another paper was established, and it
was necessary that the paper thus established, to
sustain the views of Franklin Pierce and his fallen
fortunes, should be maintained. But, in order to
support it, it was necessary to create a new office,
and that office hasfollowed the publication of the
paper to this day. There have been several
changes in the publishers of that paper, but at
every change this office has descended to the in-
cumbent. It is a sort of heir-loom, going with
that paper, and the incumbent has nothing to do
with the duties of the customs. Now, sir, in re-
lation to thisappoiutnient of the Californian, I do
not know that that office has any name; I know
of none. I do not know that it is worthy of a
name. But, at any rate, the office was created,
and as I understand it, the incumbent is a sort of
general political agent for all California. Now,
sir, what are his duties? He has duties to per-
form, I suppose, but I know of none. I have
heard of no duties which that gentleman has to
perform in California, except to act as an agent
to superintend everything in general and nothing
in particular.
Strike off these sinecures, if they exist all over
the country as they do in this little locality, and you
will relieve the revenue of more than $20,000,000
—all that is required, according to the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury. Take the question
thus, which is the foil- way of stating it: If there
be expended in a territory which contains only
five thousand inhabitants, $4,100 per annum, how
much will be expended in a territory which has
thirty millions? You will have, Mr. Chairman,
$24,600,000, or $4,000,000 more than is wanted to
meet the estimated deficiency in the Treasury for
the present fiscal year.
This, Mr. Chairman, is the proper, legitimate
mode of relieving the Treasury. I would not have
the Treasury embarrassed; I would not have the
national credit dishonored; but I would have this
deficiency in the national Treasury furnished in
some better way than by converting this Govern-
ment into a great national bank, arid flooding this
country with $20,000,000 of paper currency, in
addition to what is now in circulation, to inflate
the currency and aggravate the present commer-
cial embarrassment.
Sir, with what propriety can gentlemen ask us
on this side of the House to vote for this bill,
when, by lopping off these sinecures, they can
relieve the Treasury from all the estimated or
contemplated deficiencies? I do not know, Mr.
Chairman, that the appointment or creation of
these sinecures—to be paid out of the nationsf
Treasury—is a fraud upon the people of the counV
try; but I say this much, that, in my humble judg-
ment, it comes so near a fraud, that I should iijee}
to see some gentleman point out to me the slight'.;
est difference between it and a fraud. I can see
none. And yet we are asked to vote for a bilf
which I think, to say the least of it, is inexpe-.
dient and improper under the circumstances. If
it is necessary to raise money to meet the imme-
diate wants of the Government, let us resort to a
small temporary loan, instead of resorting to this
measure.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to allude to one other
matter in connection with this subject. The Pres-
ident, in his annual message, as I understand it,
charges the whole difficulty now existing in the
monetary affairs of this country, wholly and un-i
qualifiedly on the banks of this country. Now,
so far as that is concerned, the banks are no more
chargeable with the present financial condition of
the country, than they are chargeable with the ex-
travagance that has depleted the Treasury of the
United States. The banks are no more charge-
able with these embarrassments that now exist,
than they are chargeable with having corrupted
the national Government. Have the banks ex-
cited the national Government to this extrava-
gance that we see everywhere existing? I am no
friend of banks or of paper money, but still I do
not wish to hear the banking institutions of this
country branded, if I may use the term, without
saying a word in their favor. I have never been
the friend of banking institutions, or of paper
money, and I have been especially opposed to the
extravagant issue of paper money; but I do not
wish to see the banks of the country placed in a
position by the Executive to which they are not
entitled. The President, in his message, says:
"In all former revulsions, itie blame might have^been
faitly attributed to a vauety of cooperating causes; but not
so upon tin: present occasion. It is apparent that our ex-
isting misfortunes have proceeded solely from our extrava-
gant anil vicious system of paper currency and bank credits^
e\eitmg the people to wild speculations and gambling in
stocks. These revulsions must continue to recur at suc-
cessive intervals, so long as the amount of the paper cur-
rency and bank loans and discounts of the country shall
he left to the discretion of fourteen hundred irresponsible
banking institutions."
That paragraph contains two distinct errors.
In the first place, the banks are not irresponsible.
They may be irresponsible to the national Gov-
ernment, and I am glad, Mr. Chairman, that they
are; for if they were not, I should be afraid that they
would be corrupted. They are responsible directly
to their own State governments. Their charters
limit and qualify and regulate all their actions.
Neither are they responsible for this embarrass-
ment that has come on the commercial interests
at the present time. What, Mr. Chairman, is the
true cause of this commercial revulsion, under
which we are now laboring? It is, in my judg-
ment, simply this: the community has traded
with foreign Governments more than the amount
of their exports. The present revulsion is an
ordinary one, common to all commercial countries
that trade with foreign communities beyond the
amount of their exports. In other words, when
the imports of a country exceed the exports, then
that country is going behindhand—precisely the
same as when the expenditure of an individual
exceeds his income, he sinks deeper and deeper
into embarrassment. If a country imports more
than it exports, then it is sinking; and, by-and-
by, comes pay day; and when pay day comes
the specie is drawn from the country, and then
comes the revulsion. This is the true cause, and
the only true cause of the commercial revulsion
in all commercial countries. It is here as every-
where else.
One word further. This message, as I under-
stand it, charges on the banks all these commer-
cial troubles; tliusmaking the banks exceedingly
potent for evil. And turning over a few pages
more of the message, we find the President, in
that portion of the message that relates to Kan-
sas, intimating that banking institutions are of
no consequence whatever, that none of the local
or domestic institutions of the North are of the
slightest consequence whatever, and that the only
institution which is of any sort of conscquence to
the people of the country is the slavery institu-
tion. The banking institutions, literary institu-
tions, common schools, and all the other institu-
tions of the North, are of no sort of consequence
