2236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
try generally by men who never earned a dollar
by their hands in their lives, against this incident- •
all discrimination for the production of labor is
made without their ever having taken the time to
consider the question, if it were not for that we
should have no such disputes as we have had on
these questions of labor. When I speak of labor,
I never have drawn the distinction which is drawn
by the Senator from Mississippi, as an antagonist
interest to capital. I would as soon protect the
rights of capital as the rights of labor; butl.should
forget every lesson that has ever been taught me,
if I did not regard the capital kept outupon usury
by mere money lenders as an antagonist element
to labor. Capital invested in the actual pursuits
of life, producing what ministers to the wants of
society, just as much deserves protection by the
legislation of the country as labor itself. That
capital isusefully employed, profitably employed,
and patriotically employed; but when you come
to another class of capital, loaned ont upon usury
to the producing classes, it is the duty of every
government in our country to restrain the exor-
bitant exactions of the usurers. That is the most
oppressive way in which the earnings of labor
are carried into the coders of the rich—not by
duties on the productions of labor, but by the ex-
actions of money lenders, who never had a heart
^that deserved the consideration of a statesman.
- I have stated the position of the Senator from
Mississippi, as I understand it, candidly and
frankly, with no purpose of forcing this argument,
with a view to show that there is no necessity to
resort to any extreme measures in reference to
finance, for, as I said before, with our expendi-
tures as they are, I can see no chance for making
anything free that now pays a duty. For my
life I do not see, with the lates of duty established
last spring, how we are to get sufficient revenue
keep the Government as it is. I hope and ex-
pect never to see such a calamity befall the sugar-
growing States as cut off the crop last year, and
forced us to buy in a market rendered high by a
failure in foreign countries. I think whateverin-
cidental encouragement can be given by the legis-
lation of this Government to diversify the labor
of that region of country whose climate is adapted
to raising sugar, we are bound to give, and it is
sound policy, sound statesmanship to do it, not
only in order to be independent of foicigners, but
for the purpose of preventing an over supply of
other articles of production in the country. For
that reason I cannot vote for the proposition to
repeal the duty on sugar, although it comes fiom
those who are in favor of continuing the bounty
to the fishermen.
Now, Mr. President, I have a word or two to say
as to the propriety of taking into consideration a
question so important as this upon a proposition
to repeal the fishing bounties. I think it has been
suggested by the honorable Senator fiom New
York [Mr. Seward J ihut itwas an unwise policy
to repeal the legislation of lust year. Fot my part,
I consider the tariff act of last year, as amended
by the Senate on the heel of the session, one of
the most disastrous measures that was ever passed
by Congress. It was passed without proper ex-
amination. On the last occasion, when this bill
was under consideration, the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Bigler] appealed to the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] to show that it was
through his efforts last year the duty on iron was
not reduced moie than it was. I was astonished
that he could flatter himself that there was any
leniency bestowed at the last session on any in-
terest of the pioducers in any section of the coun-
try. Sir, there was an indiscriminate onslaugh
unon the labor of this country in every depart-
ment of industry. The only question with the
Senator from Virginia, as I read his speech, was
how low he could reduce the scale, how near he
could approach to free trade; and when he got the
bill to the scale in which it finally passed, he sug-
gested to his friends that he had got about as near
to that as he could, and that it was best to pass
the bill as it was.
Now, sir, I say that when you take the rates of
dutyfixed by the'tanff of 1857, and cipher them
up and average them, you wiil find that you will
have to add seventy-two and a half per cent, to
them in order to bring them up to what they were
under the tariff act,which it repealed. Vervnearly
one half was taken off in the aggregate. Anybody
might know,' when we werejust" chin above wa-
ter," as the boys say, contesting with foreigners
for our own market, with money at thirty per cent,
per annum, and everybody struggling as if for ex-
istence, that to take away the barriers to importa-
tions would inevitably lead to the destruction of
the industry of the country. Anybody might
have seen it; and I am astonished that it did not
arrest the attention of Senators at the time. If
I had not been here myself at the close of ses-
sions, and known with what little consideration
such bills are hurried through, I should have been
utterly surprised at that legislation; but we had a
redundantTreasury,and everybody here was wor-
ried for fear we should be overloaded with money,
and people are excusable for going a great length
in such times, because it is an evil for any Gov-
ernment to have more money than it can legiti-
mately spend. That has always been a disad-
vantage to the people.
I said before that I considered the present an
inappropriate time to press this measure. I admit
that it will operate upon only a very small num-
ber of people, comparatively—some fifteen thou-
sand, and it will not oppress them a great deal, j
The effect of it will be probably to reduce their
wages about a dollar a month, from twelve to
eleven dollars; and I dare say they can stand it;
] but I think this is an inappropriate time for such
, a measure. It is a time when the industry of our
i section of the country is entirely prostrated. It
j is a time, too, when the industry of the South is
| comparatively prosperous. 1 know of no'region
of this country that enjoys, to-day, so much pros-
perity as the South. Their crops ate all bearing ;
a remunerative and a generous price, except su- ;
gar, and that is reasonably well up. j
A Senator. How about bread stuffs? j
Mr. SIMMONS. Our southern friends are I
rather the buyers of breadstuffs than the sellers. ■
Mr. CLAY. The Senator is greatly mistaken
about that. The southern Stntes raise a great
deal more of breadstuffs than they consume.^
Mr. SIMMONS. It may have e;ot to be so
now, and it is greatly to their credit if it be ?o.
They used to bring corn down there from Illinois
and let it he until the cattle eat it up. Because
cotton was worth thirty cents, they would buy
everything. That is a miserable system. If they
raise what feeds themselves, they have got into
the American system, which is, produce what
you can for yourself, and buy as little as you can
abroad. That is the true doctrine for getting rich,
and I dare say our southern friends have ciphered
it out for themselves by this time.
The questions which the Senator from Missis-
sippi has raised demand the consideration of pro-
ducers everywhere. He objected to the collection
of your revenue upon articles of luxury. I agree
that, so far as our system has worked, my experi-
ence is that it tends to carry the levying of duties
upon articles of luxury alone, except in regard to
food. Sugar is consumed by all classes; but when
you come to textile fabrics, which are threatened
to be made free,provided thisamendmentprevails,
you will find that, levying duties as we levy them,
the coarse fabiics of common wear are not imported
at all, and that, practically, only the luxurious
articles bear the burden, if burden it is, such as
we do not produce here; and the worst effect of
this system has been that whereas, when it was
changed twelve years ago, we had a production
of woolens to a vast extent compared with the
population, there is not to-day a man in the em-
ployment of this Government who has got an
American coat upon his back.
Mr. DAVIS I think I have. '
Mr. SIMMONS. I doubt that. If itis broad-
cloth, it was not made in the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think you do not. I hap-
pen to know, because I have not worn one for
forty years that I did not inquire about, and a
year ago I could not find a piece of American
cloth anywhere within forty miles of me, and that
is the reason I know whether a man has got it.
I looked for it, and could not find it. The Sen-
ator says he did not inquire,and therefore he does
not know.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, I do not know.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I am astonished that
the Senator should venture to remark that he had
one, if he did not know that it was so.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought so.
Mr: SIMMONS. If you will find me the pla'ce
it is manufactured within the juiisdiction of the
United States, I will give you two new ones.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS I will try to hunt it up.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; there is not such a
thing made in the United States, to any extent,
within my knowledge, as a piece of broadcloth.
You have, by your system of what you call
free trade, broken up the entire manufacture of
broadcloth within the United States. It is sug-
gested that nobody knows it. The misfortune of
the country is, that you are prostrating arid par-
alyzing your labor without knowing it, by a mis-
erable theory about taxing tea and coffee in the
room of sugar. 1 call it miserable, because it
can make no possible difference to the consumer
whether he pays duty on the sugar alone, or
whether you spread it over the three articles, and
you may help the producer of sugar, to some ex-
tent, by levying your duty on that article. How-
ever, I shall not pursue this subject, because I do
not believe there is any danger of sugar being in-
jured, nor do I suppose I can do good by debat-
ing it. I hope I have given no offense to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS. I certainly take no offense at the
remarks of the Senator from Rhode Island. His
zeal leads him 10 speak strongly, but I always lis-
ten to him with respect and interest Quite sin-
cerely I acknowledge his superior information on
all subjects of finance, and I will say of manufac-
tures, too. I did not say so before, in a compli-
mentary sense, or to throw him off from the line
of his argument at all, but to acknowledge a fact.
It is a subject of which I know very little, and he
knows a great deal. His theory is different from
mine, and he reaches opposite conclusions. His
theory is, duties for protection, mine for reve-
nue.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the Senator permit me
a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. SIMMONS. I say the time has gone by
when, for any object I ever contemplated in mak-
ing a taiiff, a protective duty is required. A duty
for revenue is now adequate to all the purposes
any man can desire. I am not arguing this as a
question of protection.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very happy, then, to find
myself under the shelter of one of so much finan-
cial knowledge. If he only wants a duty for rev-
enue, and if there is to be no discrimination in
favor of one manufacture over another 
Mr. SIMMONS. Not at all. The discrimi-
nation I thought I indicated by saying it should
apply to articles produced in this country as
against those not produced here.
Mr. DAVIS. And therefore the gentleman ar-
gucs for duties for the purposes of protection. Pie
would not so pill it in the law; he would not so
write it in the bond; because he knows that, un-
der the Constitution, he has no authoiity to im-
pose such duties. The constitutional authority
is to raise duties only for the purpose of paying
the great burdens of the Government; and among
those is not the protection of manufactures. Pie
now avows his purpose. His theory and mine
are opposite Pie imposes duty to collect reve-
nue, it is true; but his purpose is protection, mine
revenue only. He discriminates in favor of things
manufactured in the United States, and insists
that this makes the burden equal. I say no, be-
cause he cannotfind two articles of universal con-
|l sumption, both of which are entirely imported;
!' and if he could find two of universal consump-
tion, and one of them was partly imported and
j partly produced in this country, if he put the
j! whole duty upon that, he must magnify the duty
i; just m proportion to the production of the article
in the United States, because the increase of price
i going to the producer in the United States goes
into his pocket, and not into the Treasury; and
! thus lie must go on magnifying the scale of du-
'! ties he imposes upon the great body of the con-
[\ sumers just m proportion as he confines it to ob-
ji jects which are manufactured in the United States.
J My theory is different, and we reach opposite
j; conclusions; and though he uses hard terms oc-
casionally, by throwing in such adjectives as
" miserable," and such substantives a-? " folly,"
as I do not pretend to be wise, and admit that he
;! has much knowledge on finance, in consideration
\ of what I know to be his good temper, and the
* general feeling he has to respect the feelings of
