1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
■when the President comcs to discuss the Kansas
question; but when he discusses commercial re-
vulsion he shoulders the responsibility from the
national Government to the banks, and then it
is that tlj^ institutions of the North are of some
importance, then it is that the banking institu-
tions are potent for evil.
I would say one word more in relation to the
banking institutions of the country. Iknow but
little about those of the "West. I know but little
about those of the South. But I know that the
banking institutions of New England, and the
banking institutions of the middle States have
been, for the last four or five years, as solvent
and as prudent in their operations as any banks
ever were in any country.
And I will say further, that the banking insti-
tutions and the people of this country have not
been half so extravagant as the national Govern-
ment have been. I have here a few statistics, for
it may be said that the national Government has
not run into this extravagance. Figures some-
times give us some light on these questions. In
1831, the expenditures of the Government, I find
from the Treasurer's report, were $25,044,358 40.
The expenditures of the Government for the year
1830 were about the same. In 1852, they were
$46,007,896 20. Then, in twenty-one years the
expenditures of the Government were increased
from a little over twenty-five millions to more
than forty-six million dollars per annum.
Again, as I have stated, the expenses of the
Government, in 1852, were $46,007,896 20; but
for the fiscal year of 1857, the expenses ran up
to $70,822,724 85. Here, then, in a period of
only five years, we have an increase in the Gov-
ernment expenses of $24,814,828 65.
Sir, how did this happen ? I have shown to
you that this enormous increase has taken place
in consequence of the extravagance of the national
Government. I have shown you, by reference to
my own little town, that in that town have been
expended, in purely sinecure offices, more than
four thousand one hundred dollars per annum.
If there have been expenditures in the same ratio
for the same useless purposes all over the Union,
the amount would reach $24,600,000—more than
the estimated deficiency of the Treasury. It would
have paid the $20,000,000 now asked for, and have
left a surplus of $4,600,000 in the Treasury.
Mr. Chairman, I am not going to ask gentle-
men on the other side of the House to abolish
these sinecure offices, if they wish to keep them
up; but I am going to ask them, if they will not
abolish them, to at least suspend them for one
year, that the Treasury may be relieved. I do
not know but gentlemen may find it necessary to
keep up these sinecures, which began shortly
after the commencement of the administration of
Franklin Pierce, and have continued to the present
time. There may have been a necessity for these
sinecures, an absolute necessity, in order that the
national Government might sustain its political
power. It is well known that politicians want
place, and that they will have place or abandon
the Administration. Place they must have, and
places they have had, until, within the last five
years, they have increased the expenses of the
national Government from $46,000,000 to over
$70,000,000.
Now, sir, I do not know how gentlemen who
have the control and responsibility of the Gov-
ernment—for they will not allow us on this side
of the House to have any control in the matter—
I do not know how they can ask us to go into
the passage of this bill, and thus increase the
national debt |20,000,000. Sir, I would have
this House begin the workof retrenchment here;
I would have this House set the example of re-
form to the other branches of the Government.
Instead of providing additional messengers and
additional pages; instead of creating additional
clerkships for all your standing committees to do
the work proper for members themselves to do;
instead of increasing our expenses by these va-
rious means, I would commence by lopping off
our expenses, or, at least, suspend then- increase,
at any rate, until the Treasury has been relieved
from its necessities. When these necessities
have been relieved, then there may be some ex-
cuse for these sinecures. Then the gentlemen
who wish to sustain power and to ingraft upon
this country a policy which is obnoxious to a
great portion of the people of the country, may,
if they choose, continue these sinecures. I care
not for them.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by As bury Diokins, its Secretary—the Speaker
having temporarily resumed the chair for that
purpose—informing the House that the Senate
had passed a resolution for the adjournment of
the two Houses of Congress, in which he asked
the concurrence of the House.]
But, sir, it may be asserted that, owing to the
troubles in Utah, more money may be necessary
to meet the expenses of the present current year
than has been required for preceding years. We
are now, at the present moment, at peace with all
the world—at any rate, we are at peace with all
foreign Powers, and might be at peace with our-
selves, if we would take the army now stationed
in Kansas for the purpose of crushing out free-
dom in that Territory, and transfer it to Utah. If
we put that army to work in Utah, we might not
only be at peace with all foreign Powers, but we
would be at peace with ourselves.
Mr. Chairman, I have made these few remarks
not with any design of going into all the details
of the question. I wished only to state these few
points to the committee. While I shall vote
against the bill without the amendment of my
friend from Massachusetts, JMr. Banks,] lam
not opposed to i^ in toto. 1 am opposed to it in
its present condition; but I shall not be opposed
to it if it shall be so amended as to bring it to
what I believe to be judicious and necessary. I
am ready to meet the wants of the President; and
if they cannot be met in any other proper manner,
then I may be induced to agree to this bill. But,
sir, for the present, I deem this bill injudicious
and unnecessary; and I hope, therefore, that this
House will look into it, and carefully consider
its features before they take the responsibility of
passing it.
Mr. LETCHER. I am very glad to learn that
the somewhat distinguished firm—Houston,
Jones &Co.—is likely to receive some important
accessions. We have heretofore been charged
with being very illiberal in our votes, and when-
ever any proposition has been brought in here
which we thought proper to oppose, gentlemen
on the other side have regarded our opposition
as a sufficient ground for voting in favor of it.
I find now that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Abbott] has come upon our platform, and that
he has commenced to lecture Government upon
the subject of extravagance. But there were one
or two things in connection with that lecture
which struck me as a little remarkable. The
gentleman tells us that in his town, m Maine, the
Government has expended a vast deal of money
unnecessarily, and that it has somehow or other
been connected with a newspaper establishment
existing at that place. Now, sir, if the officers
are unnecessary; if their salaries ought not to be
paid; if it is profligacy and extravagance to have
the officers, why does not the gentleman signalize
his advent here by introducing a bill to abolish
those offices which he knows to be useless?
Mr. ABBOTT. 1 will state to the gentleman
that I have an amendment to that effect, which I
shall offer to this bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Such an amendment tj this
bill I An amendment to reduce the number of offi-
cers to be added to a Treasury note bill! [Laugh-
ter.] I apprehend the gentleman will find, after
he has been here a short time, that he will never
get a man in that chair who will not rule such
an amendment out of order, under such circum-
stances. Let him bring in a bill, so as to repeal
not only the law which gives officers there, but
repeal ail other laws which establish useless offi-
ces elsewhere 
Mr. ABBOTT. I have it in my hand.
Mr. LETCHER. A bill?
Mr. ABBOTT. No; an amendment,
Mr. LETCHER. But I do not think the gen-
tleman's amendment will fit this bill. That is all.
If he can get it in, and the officers are useless, I
will vote with him.
But we had a little chance for economy the
other day, when it was proposed to allow clerks
to various committees of this House. It seems
to me that there was a chance where the gentle-
man might have shown a regard to economy by
voting with us, who voted against them.
Mr. ABBOTT. I voted against all those prop-
ositions.
Mr. LETCHER. I am glad to hear it, for it
is still better evidence that lie is coming to our
side. Now, sir, the gentleman tells us that the
Government expenditures for the last year have,
reached upwards of $70,000,000, and intimates
that that expenditure is chargeable upon the pres-
ent Administration. How can that be? Who
had the majority in this House in the last Con-
gress >
Several Voices. Nobody.
Mr. LETCHER. Nobody! ah, I thought the
Know Nothings had it. [Laughter.] At any rate,
the majority was not a Democratic majority.
That is plain and clear; and if anybody is re-
sponsible forthe expenditures voted in this House,
it is not the Democratic party, which were in a
minority in this Hall at that time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. You had pos-
session of the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER. We had possession of the
Senate! I will attend to that soon. By the way,
what has become of that court-house of yours in
Galena ? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. All right.
Mr. LETCHER. He was for the expense of
building a court-house where no court was held,
yet he holds the Democratic party responsible for
profligacy in spending the public money.
And, then besides, if I recollect right, my friend
from Illinois not only was not content to take his
own, but in order to get it was willing to go into
partnership with fifteen or twenty others for sim-
ilar purposes.
It seems to me, then, that we are not exactly
the persons, nor is the President exactly the per-
son, to be taunted with this course of expendi-
ture. Does not the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Abbott] know the fact that not a dollar of the
public money can be drawn from the Treasury
unlessan appropriation by Congress is first made ?
Does he notknowthatabillforthatpurpose must
originate in Congress, pass both Houses, and be
sent to the President for his approval, before it
becomes the law of the land ?
Enough for that. I have no doubt the gentle-
man will find the Democratic party of this House
ready at any time to vote with him—I can answer
forone, at least—upon every proposition that pro-
poses to reduce the expenditures of the Govern-
ment without prejudice to the public service and
interest, and without in any manner affecting the
power and responsibility of the Government itself.
But let me come to the consideration of this bill.
Gentlemen say that they do not see any neces-
sity for the introduction of this bill at this time,
ana the gentleman from Pennsylvania over the
way, [Mr. Ritchie,] who addressed the House
last Saturday, read certain portions of the Presi-
dent's message referring to the Treasury note bill,
which is the subject of consideration now. Ho
stated that the President did not seem to be exactly
certain that these Treasury notes were needed at
the present time—that he supposed they might be
needed at some period of the present session, but
not at a period so early. Now, I understand the
President to refer to that matter in the extract cor-
rectly reported as the gentleman quoted it; but I
understand, at the same time, that the President
calls the attention of this House to the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, as presenting his
views upon this and other questions connected
with the Treasury Department. Well, letussee
what the Secretary of the Treasury says in his
report upon this subject; and we will see there,
perhaps, the necessity for it, and I shall endeavor
to adduce some reasons to show why the necessity,
exists.
On the seventh page of the Secretary's report
he says:
" The etfieiency of the public service, as well as tlie se-
curity of the public credit, requires that this Department
shall be provided with means to meet lawful demands with-
out delay. During the remainder of the present fiscal year,
it is estimated, as betoie stated, that sufficient revenue \vil!
be received ill tile course of the year to meet the ordinary
outstanding appropriation". But the great bulk of the reve-
nue beinijderived from duties on merchandise, payable only
when it is entered Jor consumption, the period when such
duties will be realized is entirely imceitam, being left by
law to the option of the importers during three years. The
present revulsion has caused a very large portion of the
dutiable merchandise imported since it commenced to be
warehoused without payment of duty. To what extent
this practice will he pursued during tlie present fiscal year
is too much a matter of conjectme at present to ti.k the
public service and tlie puhhe credit upon the probability of
an immediate change in this respect. It may be safely es-
timated that, in the course of the present fiscal year, a large
