1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
without their constitutions ever having been sub-
mitted to the people, and gits down complacently,
as if he had met the objections.
Why, sir, the only importance of enabling acts
is to prescribe boundaries to an infant State, and
to see that the programme is properly started for
a fair exposition of the will of the people. The
only object of submitting a constitution to the
vote of a people is forthe purpose of ascertaining
their will—not that it is necessary in either case,
but that it is a means to approach an end; a mode
of ascertaining whether the paper presented, and
called a constitution, embodies the will of the
people of the proposed State. I showed in that
speech, or sought to show, that the power of
Congress to admit States, as given by the Con-
stitution, was limited only by the discretion of
Congress, and necessarily, therefore, carried with
it the right to reject a State for reasons ofits own.
But, driven as the friends of this measure have
been, from point to point in the argument, it
finally has resolved itself into this position: true
it is, they say, that the people of every Territory
have the right, by a fair expression of the will
of a majority, to frame a constitution, to submit
It to Congress, and ask admission under it; true
it is, they say, this right would exist in Kansas
but for the fact that the majority of the people
are in open rebellion against the territorial gov-
ernment.
That is the question which I intend to meet to-
day. I intend to meet it, Mr. President, with all
that respect which is due, and which I feel forthe
President of the United States and his position;
but I intend to meet it, also, with all that frank-
ness and candor and fearlessness which belong to
my own position. Sir, when the President's spe-
cial message was read here, I confess to you X lis-
tened to it with astonishment; I thought it was
astonishing that the President of the United States
should send in a special message to Congress
stating that the people of Kansas were in rebel-
lion, without telling us what means he had taken
to put that rebellion down. I was none the less
astonished when I saw, in this same document,
the remedy prescribed for the difficulty, which
was to admit this rebellious people into the Con-
federacy of the United States. It was worse than
the reasoning of the woman who married the in-
ebriate—she said she did it to get rid of him:
worse, because he had a measured life, and some
day might die. But to admit into this Confeder-
acy a rebellious people is to introduce a poison
into the body-politic, which, ramifying through
the whole, would inevitably, in the end, destroy
the whole.
But, sir, I shall now undertake to show you that
such was not, and is not the fact. I am not going
through the history of Kansas. It has been done
frequently, and well. I am only going to say, in
a few words, what has been my position from the
first. It is simply this: that that Territory was
organized by an invasion, is indisputable; that
that invasion having seized upon the forms of
government, exercised it to effect a pernicious
purpose, is equally clear; that having been thus
organized, the President of the United States, the
Governor of the Territory, or the courts ofjustice,
had any power to question the organization, I also
denied, and do to-day. Executive authority and
judicial authority are bound to take the laws and
execute them as they find them, and have no
power to inquire as to whether they have been
legally, fairly, or fraudulently passed. I said,
however, and always said, that the Congress of
the United States had power over that question,
and ought to exercise it. We ought to have
amended the organic law, and provided for a re-
organization of the Territory. That I said then.
When the late Senator from Missouri, Mr. Geyer,
introduced a bill for that purpose, I did every-
thing in my power to induce the Senate to adopt
it. Then we should have met this evil at the out-
set, and met it fairly, upon constitutional princi-
ples. We did not do it; and, Mr. President, if
that great truth ever needed an exemplification, it
has it in this instance—that adopting an error,
whether in government, or upon any other sub-
ject, the longer you travel in the path of error the
more difficulties will accumulate around you.
The condition of things in that Territory is sim-
ply the condition of things that exists in these
States, and not unfrequently has existed within
the Halls of Congress. There is a small faction
in that Territory who are called Abolitionists,
agitators, and those are the men alluded to by
the President as the supporters of the Topelta
constitution, and whom, he has come to the con-
clusion, constitute the majority of the people of
the Territory. There is another faction in that
Territory, as in the States, composed of extreme
southern men, agitators alike upon this question
of slavery; the men wh are .in favor of reopen-
ing the slave trade, who are in favor of carrying
their institution anywhere and everywhere at any
and at all hazards, and those are the men that con-
cocted this Lecompton constitution. But, sir, the
great body of the people of Kansas are equally
opposed to both. I repeat it, and I say I defy
any man to show to the 'contrary, that the peo-
ple of Kansas this day are alike opposed to To-
peka and to Lecompton; that either one of those
instruments submitted to a fair vote of the people
this day, would be voted down by an immense
majority. That is the condition of things in Kan-
sas. In support of this position, I present an ar-
ticle from the Kansas National Democrat of Feb-
ruary 25,1858, a paper which publishes the laws
of the United States " by authority."
"The President's Message,—Last week we laid be-
fore our readers the President's message. We shall take
occasion to publish some facts relative to the past history
of this Territory, as soon as circumstances will permit, that
must convince the President that he has been much im-
posed on relative to the supposed loyalty of the men who
have represented to him the entife free-State party as
rebels. ^
" When Governor Geary and patriotic men in Kansas suc-
ceeded in driving the pro-slavery and other armed parties
from the field in September, 1856, the ultra pro-slavery men
were open mouthed in their denunciation of the Governor;
they alleging that they were to be sacrificed to elect Buch-
anan ; denouncing all northern men as unworthy of confi-
dence; thus disgusting and driving scores of men, Irom a
sense of self-respect, into the most deadly hate and opposi-
tion to the course of these ultia men, who were and are
more intent on their selfish schemes than desirous of pro-
moting the interests of the slave States.
" Great wrongs have undoubtedly been perpetrated by
both wings of the sectional parties in Kansas. There is no
difference between them. They both deserve the execra-
tion of all patriotic men. That the President and Congress
may be convinced of the fact that a majority of the free-
State men of Kansas are not only loyal, but opposed to the
disunion parties of this Territory, we would ask them to
analyze the vote cast on the 4th of January last, against the
Lecompton constitution, and the vote for State and legis-
lative officers, under it.
"There were over twelve thousand votes cast against
the constitution. For free-State officers under it, near
seven thousand votes were cast, and about two thousand
five hundred legal votes for the ultra pro-slavery officers or
ticket. Now, from this vote it is apparent that the con-
servative or national men of Kansas, as pro-slavery and
free-State, can beat both wings of the disuniomsts united,
as we have no doubt that the} will act together, both being
ntent on accomplishing one common object."
Now, Mr. President, at the expense of being
somewhat tedious upon this subject, as this is the
main point that I make in my speech, because it
is the sole reason that the President offers in his
special message for asking Congress to adopt this
constitution, I ask the attention of the Senate
while I show, from the proceedings of the people
of that Territory, the tiuth of what I have stated,
and then I will undertake to show by argument
that there is no such thing as rebellion there. I
will present, first, theproceedings of a Democratic
meeting in Douglas county, held at Lawrencoon
the 13th of December. I call the especial atten-
tion of the Senate to the date of these proceedings.
At a meeting of the Democracy of Douglas
county, held at Lawrence on the 13th December
last, the following preamble and resolutions,
among others, were adopted:
" Whereas, the Territory of Kansas, for the past three
years, has been the theater of intestine commotion, and
fierce and bitter animosities have been engender-d on ac-
count of the distracting question of slavery, and as tile result
of said commotions and strife, we present to the world the
extraordinaiy spectacle of two factions attempting to force
upon the people constitutions that the great mass of them do
not recognize or approve of—each the production of insane
fanaticism, and not founded on the public approbation:
Therefore,
<£ Resolved, That, as American citizens and members of
the great Democratic party, we believe in the principles of
celf-governnient, that all political power is derived from, and
is inherent in, the people, and that their voice, consntu-
tionally expressed thfough their representatives, should be
obe\ ed m all things.
Resolved, That no constitution or laws can be of any
binding force or validity unless approved by the popular will
and indorsed by a majority of the people.
" Resolved^ That the instruments called the Lecompton
and Topeka constitutions do not reflect the popular will, and
are not approved by the great mass of the people of Kansas,
" Resolved, That we have abiding confidence in the in-
tegrity, patriotism, and democracy ot the Democratic mem-
bers of Congress; and that we most respectfully protest
against the admission of Kansas into the Union onder either
of the constitutions framed at Topeka or Lecompton."
I said that I asked the especial attention of the
Senate to the date of these proceedings—the 13th
day of December. When it was known what had
been done by the Lecompton convention, whefl
the Lecompton convention had provided for a vote
to be taken, on that instrument on the 31st of De-
cember—the same month—when they had pro-
vided for an glection of officers to take place on
the 4th of January following, that meeting was
called for the purpose of sending delegates to a
territorial convention to be held at Leavenworth.
That convention also assembled. I beg the atten-
tion of the Senate while I present some of the
proceedings of that convention, and having read
them 1 will read an article which I have from one
of the papers published in that Territory.
At a territorial convention held at Leavenworth
on the 24th December last, the following among
other resolutions were adopted:
" We, the Democracy of the Territory of Kansas, in con-
vention assembled, do hereby resolve r
" 1. That we utterly repudiate the action of the conven-
tion as anti-democratic,«s contrary, to the true exposition
of the Kansas-Nebraska act, as violative of the letter and
spirit of the Cincinnati platform, as opposed to the inaugu-
ral address of President Buchanan, as in direct conflict with
his instructions to Governor Walker, as an infraction of the
Constitution of the United States, as at variance with the
true theory of republican government, as destructive to the
right and in derogation of the capacity of the people for
self-government, as against the doctrine of non-interven-
tion, as an entire abandonment of the doctrine of State
rights, and as calculated to sever the bonds of the Union.
"2. That this convention, representing, as 1 believe it
does, a very large majority of the Democracy of Kansas,
takes this occasion to announce and reiteiate its united and
determined opposition to sectionalism and fanaticism spring-
ing from any or all quarters, whether East, West, North, or
South; that such sectionalism and fanaticism are not in ac-
cordance with the principles of a confederated union of the
States, but, if indulged and sanctioned by the people, are
certain to produce a rupture of the bonds which hold them
together. Nor does this convention the less deprecate and
denounce every invasion of this Territory by persons living
outside us limits^ with a view of controlling its elections,
and out of which invasions have sprung a great many of the
disturbances and troubles in the Territory, and which have
led to innumerable and gross frauds, both disreputable to
those committing them, and at war with the rights and in-
terests of the people of Kansas.
" That the ballot-box wasnot protected from fraud on
Monday, the 21st of this month ; but the returns, so far as
they are known, indicate very clearly that a very large
number of the votes returned were not cast by citizens of
this Territory, but by persons who came into it on thatday,
and by invitation, for the purpose of voting, and for that
purpose alone.
" 4. Thatthis convention solemnly and earnestly protests
against the admission of Kansas into the Union as a State
under the so-ealled Lecompton constitution, the so-called
Topeka constitution, or any other instrument which may
be m any manner framed, unless such instrument shall be
first legally prepared and submitted to the vote of the people
of Kansas, and to the people of Kansas only, in such man-
ner as to ascertain clearly their will for or against such in-
strument."
Before presenting the commentary which I shall
read from the Leavenworth Journal, I want to call
the attention of the Senate to the fact that that
paper is not one of those Abolition papers. It is
m favor of a fair exposition of the will of the peo-
ple; but I call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that the editor says distinctly that he is in
favor of making Kansas a slave State. Now, sir,
] ask you to hear what he says on the subject of
this convention:
"The position op the Kansas Democracy. —We
omitted last week to invite especial attention to the pream-
ble and resolutions adopted by the Democratic convention,
held m this, city, on the 24th of December last. We never
witnessed a larger or more enthusiastic gathering of the true
Democracy of the Tcmtory; old, gray-headed men, who
had begun to despond for the triumph ofthe great principles
of the paity,came out and showed by their zeal that the old
camp-fnes, which weie almost extinguished in Kansas,
were relighted; and there was one universal outburst of
patriotic feeling. Such men as Amos Roes, AullyMcCaul-
ley, Judge Johnston, John P. Slough, James Christian, Jo-
seph C. Hemingray, Robort L. Ream, and a host of others
who never participated in Kansas politics, because of the
tendency to anaichy which marked the course of the vari-
ous political parties m the Territory, contributed their most
earnest efforts to make the occasion one of deep interest,
as it was one of great solemnity and solicitude.
"Every speaker who addressed the convention, did so
with a fervoi and pathos which showed that even the most
distinguished men of the country, whatever their position
i or patronage,could notsweivethem from thecardinal prin-
j ciplca upon which oui Government was founded. Amongst
i those speakers were Judge Halderinan, Judge Johnson,
