tn
APPENDIX TO THfc CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
SSrft G*osg....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompfon Constitution—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
Jtldge Hemirtgray, Messrs* Rees, McCaultey, Goss, and
Slough, who gpoke with ability, powet, ^nd eloquence.
"The resolutions explain themselves ; they are drawn
With qare, consideration. £utd firmness, And enunciate, too
cFeavly to Be misunderstood thedocftmesof the Democratic
party as understood ^nd" promulgated by the party to the
country, ufctil tl'ie ingenious effort'made at LScompton, and
teboftded elkewher^, to change rile whbiecte^,and relapse
ander tile disguts6 of democracy fftto & species of Federal-
ism far worse than-that o£the old federal party which ex-
fsted in the of Mr. Je'flfrrsoh And tHe elder Adams. That
ardent and respbetaMe party heverdesired or claimed any
power iit the. Federal "(Soverament to~ force a government
upiift an unwilling and protestmgpeoplc; they never claimed
that because the people were opposed to a particular form
df iustittafiohs they shohtd be made to receive them; but
the friokierff doctrine is, that tfie more t(je people are op-
posed to- a particular form or mold of government, With the
more certainty and purpose that government shall be put in ;
force, and tlte more the people must be called upon to obey.
If this be old-fashioned repubhcdnism, we confess we never
•so Jearmc# it. If it be Democracy, we were never so taught.
" It is totally useless for a party on the one hand to say
that slavei y is the §reat issue and the only issue, and appeal
fo us to desert our banners and go against that institution.
They can neither frighten us to do so nor drive us from our
advocacy nf slavery; and it is equally futile for a party on
the other hand to pretend that the harmony of the party re-
quires everyone to think and act with the Chief Magistrate
of the Union up'on the question now agitating Congress and
the whole people. Their effort* may blindly mislead some
few; they may try (and be partially successful) to seduce
the South into the conviction that the admission of Kansas
into the Union under a constitution obnoxious to four fifths
of her people is the only way to maike Kansas a slave State,
and to save the South from humility and degradation. We
teJl these gentlemen that Kansas can never be made aslave
State by trickery; and, if it could, the temporary benefit
would carry in its wake, not only an eternal stigma upon
southern chivalry, but produce more and more lasting injury
to southern institutions than any act in the whole drama of
southern history. The South lias the opportunity now to
create four new States out of Texas. Tins Administration
has it in its power to acquire Cuba, and make it an addition
to the strength of the South. Arizona must inevitably be
slave territory; Central America will ultimately be attached ;
Sonora and Chihuahua are a pint of our' manifest destiny,'
and would be slave. Hut trample under foot the great prin-
ciple of self-government, imoiporate it in the cieed of Uhj
Democratic party that the will of the majority shall be sot
aside, and the will of the tnimmty substituted as omnipo-
tent, for the purpose of a temporary victory on one issue in
Kansas-, and you break down the nomocracy m thu North,
you put very soon m power a sectional party from the noi th-
em States, whose distinguishing motto is,' No more slave
States!' Democrats who love every pait of oui common
country, and who are of that patty because they believed
that its creed acknowledged that the will of the majority,
legally expressed, should rule, will be at a loss to reconcile
the government of the many by the few as a part of their
former catechism, and, as a consequence, will desert the
ranks. The Democracy assembled at Leavenworth on the
34th, was of that kind which never swerves from the funda-
mental principle upon which all free governments rest; that
government was instituted to produce the greatest good to
the greatest number; and that, to be a free government, it
must have the consent of the governed.
"Slavery alone lias nothing to do with this question.
Every domestic institution, including that of slavery, is in-
volved; indeed, the birthright of every free citi/.en, his, elect-
ive franchise is at stake. We shall be sorely disappointed
and grieved if Congress disregards the will of the soveieign
people of this Territory."
I !mvo said he is an editor in Kansas, in favor
of making Kansas a slave State; he is a member
of the Democratic party there, and he tells you
that the question of slavery is not the reason why
the people of that Territory protest against hav-
ing this constitution forced upon them. He tells
you that it involves the question of'the birthright
of freemen, the right of suffrage, and that the at-
tempt is to bury that right beyond the possibility
of resurrection.
Let me turu the attention of the Senate now for
a moment to the actual condition of that Territory
when the President made that remarkable state-
ment in his message. At a full, fair election, held
in October, in which the people had participated
in a body—not this small handful of Topolcamen,
but the great conservative majority of the people
who protested against this constitution—they had
elected a Legislature. That Legislature was in
session at the moment when the President sent
his special message here. Governor Denver, one
ofhisown appointees, was then presiding as Gov-
ernor of the Territory. Every mail and every tel-
egraphic dispatch from the Territory, but her-
alded to our ears the declaration that all was peace;
and yet, sir, the President tells that at that mo-
ment a majority of the people were in rebellion,
assigning no other reason for this assertion than
that they sought to keep alive the Topeka con-
stitution. Now let me ask if ever a people, since
the election in October, since even the promulga-
tion of this great outrage by the convention that
concocted it, proceeded with more careful consid-
eration of their rights, or with more circumspect
.  to the Constitution and taws of the country
in' lheir efforts to relieve themselves from that
gigantic fraud ? " .
Mr. President, look at the election on the 21st
of December. What do these resolutions tell you?
What does the editor of that paper tell you ? That
the same system of frauds had been perpetrated.
Did they undertake by force of arms to resist it?
Not at all; but calmly and peacefully they assem-
bled in their primary meetings and remonstrated
against it, founding their remonstrance^ upon the
right of the people'to govern. The Legislature,
although one third of it was elected in opposition
to the free-State party, have unanimously sent us
the following remonstrance against it:
Preamble and joint resolutions in relation to the constitution
framed at Lecomtibon* Kansas Territory, on the 1th day of
November, 18j7 :
Whereas, a small minority of the people living in nine-
teen of the thirty-eight counties of this Territory, availed
themselves of a law which enabled them to obstruct and de-
feat a fair expression of the popular will, did, by the odious
an'd oppressive application of the provisions and partisan
machinery of said law, procure the return of'the whole num-
ber of the delegates to the constitutional convention recently
assembled atLeeompton; and whereas, by reason of the de-
fective provisions ot said law, in connection with the neglect
and misconduct of the authorities charged with the execu-
tion of the same, the people living within the remaining
nineteen counties of the Territory were not permitted to
return delegates to said convention, were not recognized m
its organization, ot in any other sen^e heard or felt in itsde-
libeiations j and whereas, it is an axiom in political ethics
that the people cannot be deprived ot their rights by the neg-
ligence oi misconduct of public officers; and whereas,a
minouty, to wit: twenty-eight only of the  ixty members
of sa^l convention, have attempted, by an unwoitby con-
trivance, to impose upon the whole peopie of this Territory
a constitution without consulting their wishes, and against
their will; and whereas, the members of said convention
have refund to submit their action for the approval or dis-
approval of the voters of the Territoiy, and in thus acting
have defied the known will of nine tenths of the voters
thereof 5 and whereas, the action of a fragment of said con-
vention, representing as they did a small minority of the
voters of the Territory, repudiates and crushes out the dis-
tinctive principle of the i Nebraska-Kansas act,' and vio-
lates and humpies under foot the right- and the b-ovorcigmy
of the people; and whereas,fioia the foiegomg statement
ol facts, It clearly appears that the people have not been
left' free to form and regulate their domestic institutionsm
their own way,' but, on the contiary, at every stage m the
anomalous proceedings recited, lliey have been pievented
from so doing:
Be it therefore resolved by the Governor and Legislative
Assembly of Kansas Territory, That the people of Kansas
being opposed to said constitution, Congress has no rightful
powur under it to admit said Temtory into the Union as a
State, and the representatives of said people do hereby, m
their name, and on their behalf, solemnly protest against
such admission.
Resolved, That such action on tho part of Congress would,
in the judgment of the members of this Legislative Assem-
bly, be an entire abandonment of the doctrine of non-inter-
vention m the affairs of the Territory, and a substitution m
its stead of concessional intervention m behalf of a minority
engaged in a disreputable attempt to defeat the will arid vio-
late the rights of the majority.
Resolved, That the people of Kansas Territory claim the
right, through a legal and fair expression of the will of a ma-
jority of her citizens, to form and adopt a constitution for
themselves.
JicioZrfirf, That the Governor of thisTeiritory be requested
to forward a copy of the foregoing preamble and resolutions
to the President of the United States, the President of the
Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and to
the Delegate in Congress from the Territory.
The men who were elected as State officers have
also sent up their remonstrance. Individuals re-
siding in the Territory are in this city, who are
pro-slavery men, and who also protest against it.
What does Judge Elmore, one of the members
of that convention, and a slaveholding man, tell
you ? That thu majority of the people of the Ter-
ritory were resolutely against it. What does
Dr. Stringfellow tell you ? That he has been
there for three years, and spent $5,000 to make
it a slave State, but that the people are irrecon-
cilably against it; and yet, as the editor of the
Leavenworth Journal, says the more certainly it
is ascertained that a majority of the people are
against it, the more determined seem some gen-
tlemen to force it upon them. When a majority
of the people of thatTerritory, under the organic
act, have elected a Legislature, and that Legisla-
ture has peacefully assembled, peacefully remon-
strated against this constitution, I ask, is it not
an absurdity to say that that is a rebellion ? Why,
sir, what would have been thought of a man m
the British Parliament, who, after the Declaration
of Independence, the success of its principles, and
the organization of this Government, should still
have said that the American people were in re-
bellion? Yet, that was a revolution indeed. I
mention it only to phowthe absurdity of pretend-
ing that a people who have the. government in
their hands, by regular process of law, and are
peacefully exercising it under the direction of a
Governor appointed by the President and Sen-
ate, through a Legislature regularly elected, are
jn rebellion.
Again, sir,, that Legislature passed an act for
taking a vote on the constitution on the 4th of
January. Did that look' like resistance to the ter-
ritorial government? Did that look like resistance
to the constituted authorities of the United States?
Was it not the last act in the power of the people
legally to secure their rights? The constitutional
convention had sought to place those rights under
their feet. They had, violated every principle of
self-government. They had pretended to make a
submission of the constitution to the people, and
at the same time so submitted it that it could not
be rejected; and the people peacefully passed a
law by their Legislature, in virtue of which they,
at the polls, proclaimed their objection to the in-
strument; and they did it by ten thousand ma-
jority. Does that look like rebellion? I said,
Mr. President, that I might perhaps subject my-
self to the charge of being somewhat tedious on
that point, not only in argument but in fact, but
I do it because the President, taking the lead in
these specious arguments, has brought the whole
issue to turn upon the fact as to whether this is a
peaceful and loyal or rebellious people. I think
an inspection of the facts and reasons that I have
thus adduced completely overthrow any such
position.
The President says (and I only allude to it in
passing) " that the Kansas act was an enabling
act is too clear for argument." I think that state-
ment would be well met by the insertion of one
single word—" that the Kansas act was not an
enabling act is too clear for argument." I might
appeal to the majority of the Committee on Ter-
ritories on this point, for they take that position
in their report. If any man, when the Kansas-
Nebraska act was under consideration in the Sen-
ate, had said that we were then passing an act for
the purpose of enabling that Territory to form a
constitution and State government, he would have
been laughed at. Why, sir, the great dispute,
and the only dispute, was what was the power
of Congress to legislate for the Territories while
they remained Territories? That was the only-
question. As I said upon a former occasion,
strike the Kansas act from the statute-book, strike
all other territorial acts from the statute-book, and
let any man answer me if an organized people have
not a right to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and ask to be admitted into the Union
under it? Can Congress enable a people, when
forming a constitution and State government, to
say what sort of institutions and State govern-
ment they will have? And yet, sir, strange to
say, this comes from men who claim to be op-
posed to intervention!
Again: the President says, in connection with
this subject, that to say to a people that, when
framing a constitution, they shall nave the right
to organize their State government and adopt such
institutions as they may deem proper, and at the
same time to say that their institutions must cor-
respond with the opinions of Congress, would
seem to be a contradiction in terms. So it would ;
but Congress has never said so. The President
interpolates the words " when framing a consti-
tution.5' They are not in the act; and,as I said,
it was not intended to prescribe any limits or con-
fer any power in regard to framing a constitution
and State government. It was singly and solely
to settle a dispute, that existed in Congress and
throughout the Democratic party, in regard to the
limitation of the power of Congress over a Terri-
tory while it remained so.
Something has been said (and the President
dwells upon that point in his message) about the
regularity of the proceedings winch called this
convention and which made the constitution. I
have said, upon a former occasion, that that very
regularity was adopted for the purpose of a de-
ception. For the first time in that Territory this
idea ofacensusand registration was got up. Was
there any new necessity for it? Who originated
it? From whom did it come? It came from the
very men who had introduced voters into that
