128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21.
portion of the merchandise now in warehouse will be with-
drawn and duties paid thereon; but, in the mean time, ade-
quate means for meeting lawful demands on the Treasury
should be provided. Such provision should be made at the
earliest practicable period j as a failure of sufficient means
in the Treasury may occur at an early day. The exigency
being regarded as temporary, the mode of providing for it
should be ofa temporary character. It is, therefore, recom-
mended that authority be given to this Department, by law,
to issue Treasury notes for an amount not to exceed twenty
million dollars, payable within a limited time, and carrying
a specified rate of interest, whenever the immediate de-
mands of the public service may call for a greater amount of
money than shall happen to be in the Treasury, subject to
the Treasurer's drafts in payment of warrants."
There, sir, is the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and there are the reasons
upon which the recommendation is founded.
Now, let us look at the state of trade, and see
whether those reasons are not justified by the
facts which are upon the records of the Treasury
Department, and that establish clearly and con-
clusively that, at this moment, there is a large
amount of dutiable goods in the warehouses of
the United States, and that those goods are lying
uncalled for because this commercial revulsion has
cut off the parties from the means of withdrawing
them at present, and turning them into the chan-
nels of trade.
I have here a comparative statement showing
the amount of importations into the district of
New York, during the months of October and
November, of the years 1856 and 1857, classified
respectively under the following heads: " Specie
and bullion;" "free, (exclusive of specie and
bullion:)" " dutiable, entered for consumption,
and warehoused." In the month of October,
1856, within that district, there were imported
$13,825,592, and in November of the same year,
$14,468,545. Now, sir, let us compare that with
the importations in the months of October and
November, in the present year. We shall dis-
cover that the importations are very nearly the
same for the two months in each year; and yet we
will find, when we come to examine the quantity
of goods retained in warehouses during the two
periods, that there is an essential and a very wide
difference. In October of this year, $14,439,867
worth of goods were imported, and in November,
|13,417,960. Of the $13,825,592 worth of goods
which were imported in the month of October,
1856, $12,768,782 worth were withdrawn during
that month, and went into the consumption of
the country; in the month of November, of the
$14,468,545 worth imported, $13,049,971 worth
were withdrawn, and went into consumption.
Now, sir, wg come down to the same period of
time in this year, after this commercial revulsion
took place, and we find that outof the §14,439,867
worth of goods imported in October, §10,148,324
worth were withdrawn for consumption, and the
balance remains in warehouse, a large portion
of it even up to this time. In the month of No-
vember, the disparity was still greater; for of
the $13,417,960 worth of goods imported in that
month,but $8,613,777 worth were withdrawn for
consumption. Then, sir, is it not palpable that
this commercial revulsion has produced an effect,
and a very greateffect, upon the commercial inter-
course of the country; and that, owing to this
fact, the amount received from duties has been
essentially diminished, and that there are now, of
the importations of those two months, something
like nine million dollars worth of goods uncalled
for on this 21st day of December.
But let me go still further. Do gentlemen know
what amount of dutiable goods was warehoused
within the district of New York, up to the 30th
-day of November last? The returns to theTreas-
ury Department show that there were upwards
of $23,000,000 there, then under bond; and since
that time additions have been made to it, so that
it is fair to estimate that there is at the present time
not less, in that district alone, than $30,000,000
under the warehousing act—which allows goods
to remain for a period of three years—uncalled
for, and that will not be called for until later in
the winter, or possibly in the spring. If that is
the case in New York, how is it if you take all the
importing districts of the United States? There
are a multitude of these districts—at New Orleans,
Charleston, and elsewhere—and it would be fair,
I suppose, if there are $30,000,000 in New York
at this time, to estimate the amount under bond
in the various other collection districts, at from
ten to fifteen million dollars. So that here would
be, of dutiable goods uncalled for, and upon which
the duties will not be paid until called for for con-
sumption, between forty and forty-five million
dollars, which will pay into the Treasury duties
to the amount of about ten or twelve millions. Is
not the Secretary of the Treasury right, then, when
he says that this is only a temporary deficiency,
and that, in consequence of the temporary charac-
ter of this deficiency, it would be advisable to
issue Treasury notes instead of negotiating a per-
manent loan ? But gentlemen say in this connec-
tion, and the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Abbott]
indicated it, as well as other gentlemen on the
other side of the House, that the Secretary of the
Treasury has managed these affairs very badly;
that he has undertaken to redeem public stocks;
and that, using the money for that purpose, he has
squandered the means which would have deprived
him ofthe necessity,at the present time, of recom-
mending the issue of Treasury notes.
Now, let us see how that is; under the act
passed in 185S—for which I'voted, and, I doubt
not, most of the gentlemen here, who were then
upon this floor, voted—the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was authorized to purchase, at the current
market prices, any of the outstanding stocks of
the United States, as he might think most advis-
able, from any surplus funds in the Treasury, pro-
vided that the balance in the Treasury should not
be at any time reduced below $6,000,000. There
was the instruction of Congress to the Secretary
of the Treasury, given in the month of March,
1853, directing him, if there should be any sur-
plus money in the Treasury, to apply that surplus
money to the purchase of stocks.
And, sir, does it not come with a bad grace from
any gentleman on the other side of the House
no w to arraign the Secretary of the Treasury upon
this floor, when he voted for House bill of the
last session of Congress (No. 816) to deposit the
entire surplus in the Treasury on the 1st Jay of
July last, with the exception of $2,000,000, with
the States? When that bill was up here, it re-
ceived the strength—almost the entire strength—
of the then Opposition to the Democratic party; it
was passed through the House, but failed to be
successful in the Senate; and that bill proposed,
as I have said, to take all the funds in the Treas-
ury on the 1st day of July, with the exception of
$2,000,000, and to distribute them (or deposit
them, if you please) with the States upon the con-
ditions therein specified. Now, suppose your
proposition had been successful, that your bill
had become a law, and that all the money in the
Treasury on the 1st of July last, had been taken
and deposited with the States; in how much worse
a position would the Government have been than
it is at present? But that bill faded, and now the
Secretary is arraigned, fordoing what ? For taking
the $16,000,000 and applying it to.the purchase
of stocks, which would have been taken from the
Treasury under that law ? No, sir. He has ap-
plied in the purchase of stock, including principal
and interest, from the 13th of July, 1857, to the
17th ofOctnber, 1857, $4,520,104 47. I complain
of no gentleman for voting for that bill, but I do
complain that gentlemen who voted for it should
arraign the Secretary now for applying to the
purchase of stock only one fourth of the amount
whit^i would have been taken from the Treasury,
under that bill, in the way of deposits to the
States.
Well, sir, the banks suspended, I believe, some-
where between the 12th and 20th of October, and
the amountof stocks redeemed, after the 12th day
of October, was only $212,513 31; an amount that
was then on its way to the office ofthe Secretary of
the Treasury for redemption. What was the con-
dition of the Treasury after this redemption had
taken place? The Secretary had left in the Treas-
ury $12,258,531 01, after all the stocks had been
redeemed that had been presented, and that he
chose to redeem. You will observe that the ninth
section of the act uf 1853 provided, that the Sec-
retary should reserve $6,000,000 in the Treasury;
but, instead of reserving $6,000,000, he reserved
upwards of $12,000,000; and he reserved it upon
the principle that $6,000,000 was necessary to
carry on the current operations of the Govern-
ment, and that a like sum of $6,000,000 was neces-
| sary for carrying on the coining operations at the
! Mint, to meet the charges upon the Mint in the
| way of returns for the bullion deposited therefor
coinage. The Secretary, not content with stick-
[ ing to the letter of the law requiring him to hold
$6,000,000, out of abundant caution had in the
Treasury of the United States a sum beyond
$12,000,000, to meet the contingencies that might
arise.
Now, sir, with this statement of the case, can
it be pretended that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has gone beyond the line of his duty ? Here
is the law laying down that line of duty for him.
He followed that law except in regard to the
amount to be retained in the Treasury,and in that
regard he protected the Treasury to the extent of
$6,000,000 beyond what Congress, in 1853, re-
garded as a sum sufficient for its protection. It
seems to me, then, that he ought not to be com-
plained of; but, on the contrary, that he ought to
be regarded as having performed his duty, and
performed it faithfully, under the law given to him
for his guidance. If y ou take the receipts and ex-
penditures for the period of time commencing in
July last, and running down to the present time,
you will find how the revenue has fallen off, and
you will find that it confirms the tables which I
have heretofore presented in regard to the amount
of goods on bond in three warehouses, as one of
the causes that have cut off this revenue. For the
week ending July 13, the receipts in the Treasury
were$3,761,5531], while the expenditures were
$2,700,942 48. It runs on through the month of
July, never getting below $2,059,000. In the
month of August the average receipts per week
were $1,500,000. In the month of September the
revenue for the first week was $1,041,765 74, and
on the 28th it had run down to $660,257 14. In
that descending scale you will find the revenue
reduced in proportion as the market became
more stagnant from the suspension of specie
payment, and at one time it ran down as low as
$441,192 78.
There is another fact that appears from this
table, that for the last week the receipts of the
Treasury, from revenues, have increased upwards
of $100,000. The receipts for the week ending
7th December, were $562,473 81, and for the week
ending 14thDecember,$676,903 67. Iaccountfor
that increase in this way. Here were articles that
were imported to be consumed in the approaching
holidays. These articles were required to be
taken out of bond for the purpose of bringing
them into market, and it is the demand thus
created that has run up the revenue at New York
from $562,473 to $676,903 in the week that closed
the 14th of the present month. So much, then,
for these statistics!
But, say gentlemen on the other side, " We are
opposed to Government paper money. We dis-
like the idea of making the Government a great
bank, and investing it with the power and au-
thority to circulate notes throughout the country,
while the President himself is denouncing the
banking institutions of the States." Now, I
maintain, in the first place, that this bill does not
create a bank. T think there is one fact which
clearly and conclusively settles that point. How
many of our friends on the other side, who have
engaged in this discussion, are in favor of a bank
of the United States? Are they not all for it?
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. How many of you are
opposed to it ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Three fourths.
Mr. POSTER. It is an obsolete idea.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman says it is an
obsolete idea. Then, I suppose, the gentlemen
have embraced a new idea, and that they are now
for a hard-money currency.
Mr. POSTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. And yet, strange to tell, the
gentleman who just closed his remarks [Mr.
Abbott] wound up with a eulogy on stock banks;
and my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] who
spoke on Saturday, arraigned the President and
Secretary of the Treasury for the suggestion of
a bankrupt law intended to be applied to the banks
that have suspended, or failed to redeem their
obligations! Now 1 cannot exactly understand
how it is that while gentlemen are in favor of
hard money, they are yet disposed, whenever the
question comes up as a State measure, to rally
to the standard of the paper-money banks in the
several States of the Union, and insist that every
man shall stand with hands off so far as they are
concerned, although these banks may be at the
time in a state of suspension, refusing to pay
their debts, while they are coercing payment from
