THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1857.
New Series..,..No. 9.
every man that has had the misfortune to borrow
a dollar from them.
Now, I profess to be as much a hard-money
man as any one; and if gentlemen can convince
me that the issue of these Treasury notes—which
I regard as nothing more than a means of effect-
ing a loan—leads to the establishment of a Gov-
ernment bank of any kind whatever, I pledge
■myself to go against it. I do not go exactly so
far against banks as a distinguished politician of
my State—John Randolph—did when he pro-
nounced all banks " houses of ill-fame."
But while I do this, I think that the banking
system has been carried to a very ruinous extent;
and I have no hesitation in saying now, that if I
was in the Legislature of my State at this crisis,
I should go for a divorce between bank and State,
for selling every dollar of stock that the State of
Virginia has in banking institutions, and for the
collection of revenue in gold and silver.
What is the issue of Treasury notes but a mere
loan ? What else is it > The money is to be
raised. It is to be raised in some way, either by
a permanent loan, or by this temporary expedi-
ent—the issue of Treasury notes. Gentlemen
say, give us a loan. What do you want with a
loan ? Do you want this to bo a permanent debt?
Do you want the Secretary of the Treasury to
say that what he has regarded as a Imvporarij
necessity shall require the permanent mcdicine of
a loan for years ? Do you want to couple with this
not only the loan itself and its permanent estab-
lishment on the Government for years, but do yon
want also to create the necessity for revising the
tariff, and for increasing the rates of duty? Now,
sir, if a loan is to be established, if it is to go in
as part and parcel of the national debt, what will
be the next cry? Do gentlemen want any further
indication than has been furnished on this floor
here by some gentlemen who have addressed the
House, and alluded to the tariff act of last ses-
sion? I take it that this is, perhaps, one of the
eauses of dissatisfaction with the President of the
United States on the part of some of the gentle-
men who are known to favor the doctrine of pro-
tection for protection's sake.
The President, on the thirteenth page of his
message, says:
" As stated in the report of tile Sceretarv, tile tariff of
Maicli 3, 1857, has lieen in operation foi so short a penodof
time, and under cncumstances so unfavoifilile to a justde-
velopment of its results as a revenue ineasiue, that I should
-regard it as inexpedient, at least for the present, to undertake
its revision."
Now, I take it that it is that position, taken by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and sustained by
the President, that has aroused a vast deal of the
opposition of those known to be protective-tariff
men in this House, against the introduction and
adoption of this measure. If the Secretary of the
Treasury would come forward and propose a loan
to run for eight, or ten, or fifteen years, I doubt
not that that would be more agreeable to the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House than the
temporary issue of Treasury notes, as proposed.
It is not so to me. I think this recommendation
is preferable to theirs. It is temporary only, and
is intended for nothing more. Itis not to extend
beyond the year. Itis intended to serve until the
goods are withdrawn from the warehouses and
the duties received. But, said the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] I
am opposed to your proposition, because you
liave no provision there for funding this debt.
Why does he want it funded, unless he wants to
make it permanent? What other reason can there
be for providing that it shall be funded, than to
give it the character of permanency and settled
stability as the policy of the Government with
regard to the debt itself.
But let us see how the gentleman s idea is
going to work out. The gentleman has referred
to the act of 1847, authorizing the issue of Treas-
ury notes. Let us call his attention to the fact
that the House was at that time presided over by
the distinguished gentleman, Mr. Winthrop, of
Massachusetts, and that the House was an Op-
position House. But, sir, under the act of 1847
9
Treasury notes were issued, some of which are
unredeemed to this day , and are supposed to be
lost. There are something like $100,000 of them
outstanding still. During the past summer some
of those Treasury notes have been presented at
the Treasury, and, instead of being redeemed,
under the operation of that law, they were funded;
and in some instances, in less than one week
they were sent back to the Treasury, and the
Government was compelled to pay the premium
of sixteen dollars on the $100.
Now, sir, if there had been no law for funding
the debt, the Government would <iot have been
compelled to pay this premium of sixteen dollars.
But under the operation of that provision, which
the gentleman wants to have incorporated into
the present bill, they had the right to come in
there and have thens^funded, and tken take the
premium. I know the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts does not desire to adopt a policy which
shall impose upon the Government an addi-
tional burden of sixteen dollars on the $100, but
I call his attention to the fact that he may have
the opportunity of meeting the point in regard to
this feature which he seeks to ingraft upon the
bill now before us.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman from Virginia
desires an answer now, 1 will give it.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will not
take too much of my time, 1 will yield to him
certainly.
Mr. BANKS. The proposition which I made,
Mr. Chairman, with regard to this bill, and the
objections which I made to the bill as reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, are not
answered by the suggestions of the gentleman
from Virginia. There is no necessity, under the
proposition I have made, that the Government
shall go into the market for the purpose of buying
up stock at fifteen, twenty, or twenty-one percent,
premium. That is the objection which the gen-
tleman makes, as I understand it. You may limit
the issue of stock to one, two, or three, years—
for as short a time as you please—and the Gov-
ernment will never be under the necessity of pur-
chasing stock at a premium. There are plenty of
people who desire nothing so much as a safe
investment for their funds, whether they be much
j or little; and therefore, if the stockof the United j
States be issued at six per cent, interest, it will I
j be taken up for one year, two years, or thiee j
I years, just as gentlemen choose. There wilt then
} be no necessity for purchasing this stock at a pre-
mium, as heretofore.
If the gentleman asks whether the Secretary of
the Treasury was justified in paying a premium
for the stock purchased in the three years past, I
answer that I think he was justified. But I say to
the gentleman from Virginia that the Government
of this country ought never to have placed the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in a position which obliged
him to purchase stock at a high premium. It was
the fault of Congress in not adopting the recom-
mendations of the late Administi ation. The adop-
tion of the course of policy recommended by the
Administration which has recently expired would
have relieved the Secretary of the Treasury from
' the necessity of such purchases.
That Administration commenced with a recom-
mendation by Mr. Guthrie for the revision of the
tariff, for two purposes: first, to reduce the sur-
plus money in the Treasury, and, second, to relieve
the industrial interests of the country from bur-
dens imposed by the previous policy of the Gov-
ernment. Congress did not act upon that rec-
ommendation. I am willing to relieve the gentle-
man from Virginia from any responsibility for the
course pursued. The gentleman advocated meas-
ures which, if successful, would have relieved,
I three years since, the Treasury of its surplus,
i But,sir,the Governmentdidnotadopttliat paJicy.
I Instead of revising the tariff laws, as recommended
by Mr. Guthrie in 1853 and 1854, it devoted its
entire energies to the settlement of those questions
m which the country has been involved,ever since
the repeal of the Missouri compromise. It was
for that reason, because the energies of the coun-
try have, for the last four or .five years, been
devoted exclusively to sectional questions, tbaUhe
industrial interests of the country have suffered.
It was for that reason that the •surplus in the
Treasury was permitted to accumulate aa it did.
Now,sir, I say to the gentleman, leave the ques-
tion to us and we will relieve his friends of their
difficulty. We will take the negro out of the Gov -
ernment and allow it to give its attention to this
matter. Let gentlemen give some attention-toHhe
industrial interests of the country for a few years.
Give us a little legislation for the benefit of .white
men, and there will not again a surplus accumu-
late in the Treasury, such as has been there for
the last four or five years.
And let me say another word to the gentleman
from Virginia. He declaims against the issueof
paper money upon the partof the States, reecho-
ing the sentiment of the President upon thisques-
tion. Now, sir, I do not stand here to defend the
paper money system of the country as carried on
by the States On the contrary, I desire as earn-
estly as any man in this country, to see a proper
and judicious reform. But I -take issue with the
President and with thegentlemanfrom Virginia,
if he follows the lead of the Eresident in this
matter, in the assertion that the issue of paper
money by the States is the sole cause of those
commercial revulsions which have swept over the
country with so terrible an effect. But I have to
say that we cannot go to the people of the States
and ask them to forego their privilege of issuing
paper money when the same Government which
he defends in the denunciation of that system have
taken up the business of issuing inconvertible pa-
per money, as proposed by this bill. I ask tho
gentleman from Virginia to allow us to appeal to
the people of the States to restrict their issues
of paper money upon some-sound and judicious
plan, by refusing to the Government the power
which they now ask of issuing inconvertible paper
money, without any limit in respect to the time
of redemption, or when its authority shall cease.
Mr. LETCHER.. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man will soon be in the gubernatorial chair of the
State of Massachusetts, and I shall look with
some interest to his first message, to see what re-
forms he will recommend for the banking system
of that State. I trust he will recommend an alter-
ation, as far as the banking system of his own
State is concerned, and that that alteration will be
radical—that his reforms will go to the bottom of
the system.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman desires me to
answer, I will answer now. Wherever I am, I
shall advocate, and, as far as I have the power,
sustain, every judicious—or, if the gentleman
pleases—radical reform, in the banking system.
But, I repeat again, that if I go to Massachusetts
and ask them to restrict their issues, I shall be met
by every banker in the State with the declaration
that the gentleman from Virginia, and the hard-
money men here, propose that the Government of
the United States shall resume the business of
issuing paper money. If the Government will
not forego the advantage of issuing paper money,
why should individual bankers forego that privi-
lege? And I think it will be very difficult for the
gentleman from Virginia, to answer their argu-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not see the slightest dif-
ficulty in answering it. What are these Treasury
notes but an acknowledgment in writing, upon
the part of the Government, that itowesfio much.
As I understand it, tho gentlemen upon theother
side, for the purpose of making these Treasury
notus a currency, propose to provide indorse-
ments, by which they are to pass from harid to
hand and in this way make the national Treas-
ury responsible for every indorsement m the
chain of indorsement, from the issuing of the
notes down to the time of payment. N ow that is
one of my very reasons for going for it—that it
neither establishes a debt, nor does it make the
Government paper currency. But if it did, is not
it remarkable that, under the issue of Treasury-
notes in 1837,1840,1843,1846, and 1847,aregular
