1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2239
we shall be in a better situation to meet its emer-
gencies.
The yeas and nays were taken on the passage
of the bill, and resulted—yeas 30, nays 25; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Brown,
Clay, Ciingman, Davis, Douslas, Fuzpatriek, Gwm, Ham-
mondj Henderson, Hunter, Ivtrson, Johnson of Aikansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory, Mason, Pearce,
Polk, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian. Slidell. Thomson of New Jei-
sey, Toombs Wright, and Vulee—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Broderiok, Chandler, Claik,
Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Dmkee, Fessen-
den. Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, King, Seward, ,
Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Sumner, Wade, and" Wilson— i
S5. i
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CLAY. 1 wish to amend the title to make
it conform to the bill. The word bounty is used
oftentimes inappropriately. In the law the term
is allowance, though by some strange perversion
of language they apply the term bounty to the
drawbacks on the exported pickled fish, and the
term allowance to the tonnage of the vessels. I
wish to amend it so as to read, "A bill to repeal
all laws or parts of laws allowing bounties or al-
lowances to vessels employed in the bank or other
cod fisheries."
The title was so amended.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. YULEE. 1 move to postpone the prior
orders, and that the Senate take up the bill rela-
ting to the Patent Office, which was under con-
sideration a day or two since. I think it can be
disposed of during the session of to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next business
in order is the homestead bill, which the Senator
from Florida moves to postpone, with ail prior
orders, to take up the bill (S. No. 180) to amend
the several acts now in force in relation to the
Patent Office.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The first special order now is the homestead
bill.
Mr. YULEE. That bill can come up to-mor-
row.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If it is under-
stood it will come up to-morrow morning, I have !
no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator from Ten-
nessee will not consent to that, but will insist on
having the homestead bill taken up now.
The ye&s and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish merely
to remark to the Senate that the homestead bill
has been the special order since January last.
There are two hours now set apart in the morn-
ing for general business, and one sixth of the
time, one day in the week, is also set apart for
private business. I hope the Senate will proceed
in regular order. I do not wish to be obtrusive,
or interfere with the propositions of any Senator,
but I have been patiently waiting, and I hope the
Senate will take up the homestead bill, and let us
vote on it.
Mr. YULEE. We have only a fraction of to-
day left us now. Perhaps within an hour the
Senate will proceed to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business. Within that hour, this bill,
which was read the other day, and to which the
attention of the Senate, therefore, has been di-
rected, may be disposed of. It will not supersede
the order of the bill of the Senator from Tennes-
see, but I take it—and if I am wrong the Chair
will correct me—that, whenever the Calendar is
resumed, the homestead bill will be next in order.
To-morrow, therefore, as soon as we have passed \
through the morning hour, the homestead bill will
be first in order, in preference to all other busi-
ness. I presume it will be more agreeable to the
Senator from Tennessee to proceed to-morrow
with its discussion than to-day. I ask him, there-
fore, to agree that, by general consent, the con-
sideration of the homestead bill shall be passed
over. It need not be formally postponed: it may
be suspended until to-morrow, m order that we
may proceed to the consideration of the Patent
Office bill, which will not occupy long.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. There is no
one on this floor more disposed to accommodate
than I am; but if this proposition is taken up, it
is going to be discussed, and will consume con-
siderable time. It will take no longer to consider
it after we are through with the homestead bill
than before. It is not more urgent, and I am in
hopes we shall take up the homestead bill, and
go on with it. I have information that it will be
discussed. All the time we consider the home-
stead bill to-day will be just that time saved to-
morrow, which can be appropriated to something
else. I hope the Senate will go on with this meas-
ure. It is an important one, in which the country
is deeply interested.
Mr. YULEE. I will not consume the time of
the Senate by insisting on the yeas and nays. I
will withdraw my proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to state, and I wish
the ear of the Senator from Tennessee, that if the
bill named by the Senator from Florida shall come
up, and the Senate should consider it, and should
adjourn while it is under consideration, it will take
precedence of the special order in the morning as
the unfinished business of to-day.
Mr. YULEE. I have withdrawn the motion,
rather than consume the time of the Senate in fool-
ishly calling the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to withdrawing the motion. It re-
quires unanimous consent, the yj^fcs and nays
having been ordered.
he votes
V.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 25) to grant
any person who is the head of a family, and a
citizen of the United States, a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the public
domain, upon condition of occupancy and culti-
vation of the same for the period herein specified.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish now
to indicate an amendment to the second and fifth
sections of the bill, which will improve them and
make them more acceptable to some of the friends
of the bill. In section two, I propose to strike
out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the peison apph tug for the benefit of this act shall,
upon application to the register of the land office m which
tie ot the is about to make such entry, make affidavit before
the said legister that ho or she is the head of a family, oi is
twenty-one years of age, and that such application is made
for his or her exclusive use and benefit, and those specially
mentioned m this act, and not either dnectly or induectly
for the use or benefit of any other person or pei soih whom-
soever; and on making the affidavit as above lequued. and
filing the affidavit with the register, he or she felin.ll theie- :
upon he permitted to enter the quantity of land aheady
specified: Provided, however. That no certificate shall be
given, oi patent is ued theiefoi, until the expuation of five
yearf from the date of such entiy, and if, at the expiration
of •such time, the person making «ne.h entry, or if he be dead,
his widow, or in ea*e of her death, his heirs or devisee, or
m case of a widow making sucn entiy,her hensoi'dcvisee,
m eat-e of her death, shall prove by two credible witnesses
that he, she, or theviiave continued to reside upon and cul-
tivate said land, and Mill reside upon the same, and have
not alienated the same, or any jiait thereof; then in such
ease, he, she, or they shall he entitled to a patent, a* m other
case* piovided for by law: And provided,further, In ca«e
of the death ot both lather and molhei, leaving an infant
child or chddicn under twenty-one year* of age, the light
and the fee shall mure to the benefit of said infant child or
children; and theexecutot, administrator, orguaidian may, i
at any time wniun two >ears after the death or the «-umv- |
in2 paient, and in aeeoi dance wiih the laws! of the Shite in ,
which Mich children for the ume being have their domicile, }
sell said land for the benefit of said infants, but for noofhei j
purpose : and the pincha<er shall acquire the absolute title J
by the purchase and he entitled to a patent fioni the United
States. |
I also propose, in section five, to strike out all ;
after the enacting clause, and insert: j
That if, at ariv time after filing the affidavit as lequued
in the cecoiul &cet on of this act. arid beioie the expuation
of the five y^ars aforesaid, it i-hall be proven, aftci due no-
tice to the settler, to the satisfaction of the icgistcr oi the
land office, that the person bavins Tiled such affidavit shall
have actually changed his or her residence, oi abandoned 1
the said entry, lor more than fix months at any time, then, ,
and m that event, the land® so enteicd shall ievvi t back to ;
the Government, and be disposed of as other public lands i
are now by law, subject to an appeal to the Gcneial Land
Office.
I offer these two amendments as an improve-
ment on the sections as they now stand in the
bill; and I will remark in this connection, that
j the bill has been submitted to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, with a view to have
the sections made os practicable as possible when
brought into operation. It has undergone a'thor-
ou^h'scrutiny there; a'l the sections have been
examined, and he thinks that the bill, with the
amendments proposed in the second and fifth sec-
tions, can be put into successful practical oper-
ation.
Mr. COLLAMER.. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Tennessee a few amendments. The
first section of the bill reads, " any person who
is the head of a family, or a citizen of the United
States, at the date of the passage of this act,"
shall have aright to enter one hundred and sixty
acres. I suggest the striking out of the words,
" at the date of the passage of this act," because,
as it now reads, no person born after the passage
of this act, in case the bill should pass, wjuld
ever have a right to make an entry under it.
That, I presume, is not what the gentleman
means.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have no ob-
jection to the Senator's amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend the first
section by striking out the words, " at the date of
the-passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have an amendment to
propose in the second section. It provides that
a person on making; the affidavit prescribed may
enter the land, and it then goes on to provide, in
lines seventeen, eighteen, and nineteen, that the
person making the entry, or his widow, or rep-
resentatives, "shall prove by two credible wit-
nesses that he, she, or they, have continued to
reside upon and cultivate said lands." There is no
suggestion as to how long the residence shall have
continued. It is to be observed that the person
is authorized to enter the land upon making an
affidavit. It is not necessary that he should then
reside upon that land. There is no requisition
that the person entering the land should at that
time reside upon it. He is to make the affidavit
that he is the head of a family and has no other
land, and he may then make the entry. Proba-
bly it is not expected that he will be a resident
upon it then. I presume a man cannot reside on the
land until after he has entered it. When you come
to the finishing up of the matter, and making
proof so as to obtain a certificate, it is provided
that they shall prove, by two credible witnesses,
that they have continued to resideupon the land,
but there is nothing said as to the term of resi-
dence required. It docs not say whether it shall
be a month, or a year, or five years. I move, in
line nineteen of the second suction, after the word
reside to insert, " for the term offivc years;" and
the same amendment will be necessary in the sub-
stitute for the second section offered by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, which contains the same
: phraseology.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think the
, section fully covers that now; but I have no ob-
; jection to the amendment.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
| from Vermont does not mean to require that the
| devisees of the person who may oiiginally have
' entered the land shall prove that they have re-
sided on it five years. That, however, seems to
me to be the effect of the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. All I want is to prove a
residence of five years by somebody.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment, I think,
will hardly accomplish that object in the phrase-
ology he proposes. It is that he, she, or they
shall prove that they have resided on the land for
five years.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is, that the person
shall prove that- the rcsidcncc has been con-
tinued.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest that that would
require a change of phraseology; for if the words
proposed should be inserted, it would require that
the 'devisee of the person making the entry should
prove that he had resided five years on the land.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not think so. The
word " they," as there used, is a word expres-
sive of the persons who made the entry, and
his successors. The person making the entry,
whether man or woman, and those who represent
him, are included in the plural number,<{ they.
It does not refer to the two witnesses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proposition is that
they shall prove by two credible witnesses that
be, she, or they, have continued to reside upon
and cultivate the land.
Mr. COLLAMER. The words "he, she, or
they," there used, are words descriptive of the
person who made the original entry, and his sue-
cessors.
Mr. CLIIvGMAN. I wish to inquire whether
an amendment to the first section would be in
order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is now a
pending amendment offered by the Senator from
