178
APPENDIX TO THE CQJNGKESSiONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Stuart.
Senate.
portion of the States of this Union, will renew agi-
tation, nnd produce incalculable difficulties. Sir,
the people of Kansas do not object to this consti-
tution upon that ground. The people of Kansas
object to it, and I object to it, because it seeks to
overthrow the great principle which lies at the
foundation of this Government—the right of the
people to govern themselves. That is the cause
of the opposition to it. We go against it because
it is not the voice of the people of Kansas; we go
against it because it does not reflcct the will of
the people of Kansas. Sir, this is as offensive
language to mo, it is as offensive language to the
majority of the people in Kansas, as it would be
offensive to the President if I were to say to him
that ho seeks to fasten this constitution upon the
people of Kansas because slavery remains in it.
I take the ground that from the commencement
of these proceedings down to to-day, the object,
intent, and meaning of the spirits who controlled
the Lecompton convention, were deception and
fraud. Why, sir, what says that constitution in
regard to the return of votes? That constitution
says that at both of these elections—that of the
21st of December, and that on the 4th of Janu-
ary—the returns shall be made within eight days
to the president of the convention; and yet we
have the testimony of Governor Denver, taken
under oath, that on the next day after Calhoun
counted these votes, he asked him how long he
was going to continue to receive leturns, and he
told him he should continue to receive returns—
mark it, Mr. President, mark it Senators, mark
it the country—" until Congress has actcd upon
the constitution," although the constitution itself
says that they shall be made within eight days.
Well, sir, he has been receiving them. Mr. Pres-
ident, suppose you were a canvassing officer in
your good old reliable State of Kentucky; that
the returns were to be within eight days; and
that at the expiration of that time you should
take a boat and go clown to New Orleans to can-
vass them, and then write buck to the people
in your State to know how the thing went, to
see whether there had been false returns made:
why, sir, you would be held in utter disgrace by
every man in Kentucky. Yet this John Calhoun,
surveyor general of Kansas, president of the
.Lecompton convention, resident of the State of
Illinois, with a wife and family in Illinois, comes
to Washington to canvass the votes of the elec-
tion in Kansas! When inquired of what i^ the
result of the election, he does not know. Eight
days have gone by—thirty, sixty days have gone
by—and yet he does not know what the returns
are. He has written to Kansas to Governor Den-
ver to find out. The people of Kansas know.
They have appointed a committee; they lmve in-
vestigated the ftaud at the Delaware Agency ;they
have ascertained that the whole thing is a gross
and contemptible fraud. President Calhoun"is m
Washington, und does not know anything about
it. I tell you, sir, if this course of piooeedtn&s
was connected with any subject other than the
base attempt to force upon a protesting people a
constitution that they reject and despise, it would
not be tolerated by any respectable man willun
the boundaries of this Union.
I showed, upon a former occasion, facts patent
upon the face of the constitution of intended vio-
lence and fraud. The Senator from Pennsylvania
| Mr. Biglkh] and the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
•Fitch] wished me to wait. They said that large
and dangerous powers had been confeircd upon
Mr. Calhoun, and they were solicitous to see how
he would exercise them. I applied the old maxim,
that you may know an Ethiopian by his skin, ami
a leopard by his spots, and he has not the power
to change them. The man who had practiced the
conduct that he did m the course of making that
constitution,! said, would do anything and every-
thing to effect his purpose; and 1 repeat, that he
.stands here to-day, in this city, I believe, (for I
have never seen lam in my life, to know him,)
with the declaration, in violation of a plain sec-
tion of that constitution itself, which required the
retuivns to be made within eight days, that he is
going to continue to receive them as long as Con-
gress continues to act upon the Lecompton con-
stitution.
The President says, that to the people of Kan-
sas the only practical difference between admis-
sion and rejection depends on the fact of whether
they can more speedily change their constitution
or form another. In regard to this right to change
constitutions, I shall speak by-and-by, when I
come to allude to the argument of the Senator
from Ohio; but for the present I propose to con-
sider this declaration, that the only practical dif-
ference is, whether you have a constitution thrust
upon you by force and fraud, or whether you
may make one for yourselves fairly. Is there no
practical difference so far as regards the people
of Kansas? Is there no practical difference so far
as it regards the safety of the States prospectively
in this country ? Is Congress prepared to say
to-day that it is as fair, as wise, as discreet, re-
garding it as a practical question alone, to force a
fraudulent constitution upon a people, as it is to
let that people make one for themselves? With
great respect for the opinions of the President, I
utterly deny it.
I am happy to agree with the President of the
United States in one declaration contained in that
message. He says that if the Kansas act is fairly
executed, it will allay all excitement. There is
the principle upon which we can all stand. It is
true, sir, eminently true; and I commend it to the
President, and all who are seeking to enforce this
constitution. Carry out fairly, justly, wisely, the
principles of this Kansas act, and it will allay all
excitement. Why ? Not because it is the Kan-
sas act; not because it is a law of Congress; but
because it involves, in the language of the Presi-
dent, a principle as ancient as fiee government
itself; it is no more nor less thnn the right of a
people speaking for themselves fairly, honestly,
and without interruption, or violent invasion,, to
say what sort of a constitution they will live
under. There is the great panacea. There is the
path to peace and harmony, not only m Kansas
but throughout this Confederacy.
I listened the other day with great pleasure to
a muht eloquent speech made by the Senator fiom
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] He painted in glowing
colors the destiny of this Government if we re-
mained a Confederacy. IXe alluded to the fact
that the great Powers of Europe were now assem-
bled by their navies in the Eastern seas for the
extension of empire; and by the way, as he seemed
to think, of disreputable contrast, he said that the
Senate of the United States were engaged in look-
ing into frauds committed at the Delaware Agency
in Kansas; and therein unwittingly that eminent
Senator pictured to the Senate the great distinc-
tion between the nations of Europe and this Amer-
ican Republic. They, by the strong arm of power,
govern their subjects, and extend their dominion.
We, by silent, peaceful, but much more potential
means, govern ourselves, and consequently ex-
tend our dominion, through the medium of the
ballot-box. If there be anyone thing among the
institutions of this country which more than all
others should be guaided by the utmost and eter-
nal vigilance, it is the purity of the ballot-box,
lest the great principle upon which this Confed-
eracy rents be poisoned at the fountain, and that
poison, passing through the arteries and veins of
the Republic, shall ultimately reduce the whole to
a shapeless, rotten mass. The Senator should
have remembered how small agencies produce
great results. He had seen the whole working
classes of Ireland reduced to the very doors of
starvation by a potato disease, the cause of which
defies detection. He ought to have recollected
there are small agencies that produce islands and
continents. He ought to have turned to his own
fields, and seen, after his skill and labor had
grown up a hundred acres of beautiful grain, how
a little insect, not the sixteenth of an inch in
length, could destroy all the efforts of man. Sir,
that statesman who undertakes to overlook small
causes productive of such mighty and disastrous
results as frauds at the ballot-box, will find but
too lato that he has no confederacy to maintain.
Much has been said, in the course of this de-
bate, (as much is always said in the course of a
debate involving even remotely this question of
slavery,) and in a threatening manner, in regard
to the continuance of this Confederacy. Ex-
tremes meet here, as they do in Kansas, as they
do in these States. A long array of grievances
is made out in one section of the Union, and
thrown into the face of the other, as if peace and
harmony and good will among men could be se-
cured and maintained by constantly taunting each
other with their real or supposed defects. Sir, I
know no difference between a family of States
and a family of men, women, and children. Is
there a man who can live a day harmoniously in
his own family, unless he acts and talks kindly,
and uses conciliation and love ? Can brother and
sister, husband and wife, go even to the altar of
God in peace, if they constantly taunt each other
with the defects incident to their nature ? Can
great States of the American Republic exist, the
pride and admiration of the world, the security
of the greatest liberty to men, if the time of their
Senators,their Congressmen* theirstatesmen, and
their orators, is consumed in thorning the sides
of each other? Sir, but a few days ago numbers
of the most distinguished of the American people
assembled in a neighboring city to see an eques-
trian statue of the great Father of his Country
unvailed; and upon that occasion, I take pleasure
in saying, the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hun-
ter] pronounced an oration, of which any orator
of any country might well be proud. I could
but think, sir, when some of these exasperating
statements were being made in the Halls of Con-
gress, that if it could be permitted to that great
patriot to rise and unvail himself here, every one
of these men, like Saul when journeying to Da-
mascus, would by the great light of his counte-
nance be bowed down in silence.
I claim not any excellence of conduct on this
subjcct. God forbid ! My theory upon that sub-
ject, my creed, which I imbibed in my youth and
shall carry with me to my grave, is found in the
Farewell Address of that great man to his coun try-
men. 1 shall cling to this Confederacy, regard-
ing it as the sheet-anchor of hope for all the peo-
ple of all the States; supp6rting it with whatever
ability I possess; never uttering a word against
it, nor thinking or believing that it can, m any
contingency, be destioyed; and, so far as my ac-
tion and my vote go, frowning indignantly upon
the first dawning of an attempt to array one sec-
tion of this Union against another.
Sir, the Senator from Georgia [Mr Toombs]
brought forcibly to our recollection, the other day,
some of the great controveisies through which
we have passed. He spoke of those men living
in the non-slaveholding States of this Union,
who, to use his language, had fought gallantly for
the rights of the South clear up to the columns
of the Constitution, although many of them, he
regretted to say, had fallen by the way, and he
said that he honored them. Mr. President, it was
a just and beautiful eulogium, ably pronounced.
It is true. That great light of patriotism, which
sprang into existence at Bunker Hill and culmin-
ated at Yorktown, passes this day, with electu-
cal force, not only among the northern, but the
southern people. Alike do they love and embrace
the great principles of the American Constitution.
Shoulder to shoulder, it is true, we have fought
the battles incident to discussions of that instru-
ment clear up to its columns. True, sir, too
lamentably true, some of the ablest of our soldiers
have fallen by the way. Hut now that the battles
for those great principles have been fought, that
the victory is won—when we come now amid
the giant columns of that Constitution, to over-
look the ground and reap the fruit of the vic-
tory, what do we see? YVhere are some of our
southern companions in arms ? Stuck in the first
hedge, sir, dragging a miserable, unsightly corpse
along, labeled " John Calhoun's Lecompton con-
trivance," based upon a miserable technicality,
and steeped m fraud and corruption. Let us bo
met as we meet our friends. In the language of
the President, let the Kansas act be fairly exe-
cuted; let the people of Kansas make a constitu-
tion in their own way; let that be presented, and
all will be peace.
Sir, there have been grave misapprehensions,
(and doubtless some of them exist yet in the coun-
try) about this subject. There have, also, been
painful apprehensions as to the result of this con-
troversy. As to the latter, I am free to say I
never entertained them. Believing that truth is
mighty and will prevail—believing that under the
guidance of that great principle, fairly and hon-
estly sustained, which sprang into form when our
ancestors achieved their independence, and which
