IB96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20.
creation-returns of the 4th of JanuaryWhy   .the
question :had then been settied. The people had
acted on it. The pro-slavery clause of the con-
stitution had already been ratified by the people.
Those who were in favor of its insertion did not
vpte on the 4th of January, because it was a ques-
tijon which had been settled, and which perished
with the settlement of it.
Where, then, do you find evidence that the con-
stitution framed at Lecompton is not acceptable
to the majority of the people of Kansas I I think
I have, shown that it is the constitution of the-peo-
ple of Kansas; that they have made it; that it is
theirs; and that under it they ace applying for ad-
mission into the Union.
Now, the next question is, is this constitution
republican in form ? I hardly suppose there is
any dispute with regard to that fact. It is a rer
publican constitution: It is founded on the will
of the people. Under its provisions the Governor
is elected by the people; the Legislature is elected
by the people; even the judiciary are elected by
the people. All the officers are so elected. If the
Constitutions of the other States are republican in
form, no objection on this ground can be urged
against that of Kansas.
Then, sir, I have endeavored to answer the only
questions that Congress ought to ask in the admis-
sion of new States: first, that it is the will of the
people; anil, next, that the constitution which
they present is republican in form. What, then,
is the ground of the opposition to the admission
of Kansas.' The true ground, sir, disguise it as
gentlemen may, is that its constitution recognizes
slavery. I see near me the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Colfax,J who is one of the leaders
of his party in this House, and I desire to ask
him now whether, if all the people of Kansas de-
sired to have a pro-slavery constitution, he would
vote for her admission into the Union ?
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi asks me a question. I have listened very
attentively to his speech, and I desire to say to
him that if I get the floor when he concludes, as
I hope to, I intend to answer every point ho has
made in his speech.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not know that I will
be here. I should like to have the answer now. I
ask you, gentlemen on the other side of the House,
of the Black Republican party, would you vote
for the admission of Kansas into the Union with
a constitution tolerating slavery, if a hundred thou-
sand people there wished it?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman ask
me?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask all of you.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I answer the gentle-
man that I will never associate, politically, with
men of that character, if I can help it. I will never
vote to compel Ohio to associate with another slave
State, if I can prevent it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio if ho speaks for his party?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I speak for the thinking,
reflecting, humane portion of mankind generally.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. Black Republican man-
kind you mean. [Laughter.] I have no doubt
of it. I repeat that the true ground of opposition
to the admission of Kansas is, that her constitu-
tion tolerates slavery, and I now have indubitable
evidence of the fact in the declaration of the gen-
tleman from Ohio. Why, sir, gentlemen on the
other side of this Hall voted for the admission of
Kansas into the Union under the Topeka consti-
tution—a constitution framed not only without
authority of law, but in violation of law—a con-
stitution which did not embody the will of the
people—a constitution which, notwithstanding
their professed devotion to the negro, as I am tofd
by a friend near me, [Mr. Keitt,] prohibits the
immigration of free negroes.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will allow
me for a moment, I wish to say that the statement
which I have heard made before, that the Topeka
constitution excluded free negroes from Kansas,
is an entire mistake. It excludes nobody from
that Territory. On the contraiy, so far from ex-
cluding free negroes, it provides that no person
shall be transported from the State, not even for
crime.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Was that constitution
ever submitted to the people and voted on by
them ?
Mr. BINGHAM. It was submitted, and I be-
lieve Voted on, though the vote was not a large'one.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Was it ratified?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman is mis-
taken; it had not been submitted before it was
sent here. While the gentleman from Ohio is on
the stand, I ask him if he would vote to admit
Kansas into the Union with a pro-slavery consti-
tution if the people of that Territory all desired it ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly not.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I repeat, then, sir, that
the opposition to the admission of Kansas into
the Union is based upon the ground that heir con-
stitution tolerates slavery.
Mr. STANTON. I will say, if the gentleman
will allow me, that the Republican members of
this House, so far as I know, will never vote for
the admission of any slave State north of 36°30'.
Mr. KEITT. Will you south of 36° 30' ?
Mr. STANTON. A good many of them will.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman speaks
for himself, I suppose, when he makes that dec-
laration. He certainly did not speak for his col-
league over the way, [Mr. Giddings.] Then, sir,
this question involves the rights, the equality, and
honor of the southern States of this Confederacy.
Upon the floor of the Senate it has already been
avowed by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] that no more slave States shall be ad-
mitted into the Union. I will read the language
of the Senator:
" The white man needs tltiscontinentto labor upon. His
head is clear, hid arm is strong, and his necessities are fixed.
He must and will have it."
This, sir, is not only a declaration that no more
slave States shall be admitted into the Union, but
that slavery must yield even in the fifteen slave
States. He must have the whole continent. That
is his declaration.
And, sir, with this formal and well-considered
proclamation by the leader of the Black Repub-
lican party, in the Senate, reiterated by chiefs
and subalterns of the same party hereon this floor,
can there be any misapprehension as to the pur-
poses and the inevitable end to be accomplished
by this opposition to the admission of Kansas.
Mr. Chairman, it is time the North and South
understood each other. If this is the position of
the North, we of the South desire to know it. If
no more slave States are to be admitted into the
Union, our people should be informed of your de-
termination. In the language of one of the noble
statesmen of the South, [Mr. Toombs,] delivered
in the Senate a day or two ago, I too have counted
the cost of this Union; and I think I understand
something of its value. Sir, this Union was made
by slaveholders. The battles of the Revolution
wore fought by slaveholders. A slaveholder
headed your armies, and led them on to victory.
Slaveholders laid the foundations of this Republic
deep and broad. The Declaration of Independ-
ence was published to the world in behalf of thir-
teen colonies—all of them slaveholding. The
Union which they afterwards formed—"the more
perfect Union"—was a Union of equality, of equal
rights, and of equal privileges. If you intend to
deprive the southern States of their rights, it is
well for us that you have so frankly and unre-
servedly avowed your purpose. In every period
of oar history, when dangers impended over us,
the South has been true and loyal to the Union.
When, sir, in the hour of danger, has she ever
faltered ? The bones of her sons are bleaching
upon the very soil from which her people are ex-
cluded, and the achievements of her heroes adorn
the brightest pages of your history. But, sir,
that same patriotic devotion which inspired them
to bare their breasts and shed their blood for our
Union when it was a glorious Union of equals,
will arouse their hearts and nerve their arms to re-
sist its aggressions upon their rights and honor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COLFAX obtained the floor.
Mr. ADRAIN. I thought, Mr. Chairman,
that I took the floor and addressed you first?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say, once
for all, that he does not mean to set aside any )
gentleman who has first addressed the Chair, j
When he gives the floor to any gentleman, it is
conclusive that he considers him ill time with any j
other gentleman. [
Mr. ADRAIN. I bow to the decision of the I
Chair. 1
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana, as this is Saturday afternoon, will yield
to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. COLFAX. I prefer to go on now.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the
floor.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Chairman, when the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mf. Barksdale] was
upon the floor, a little while ago, he put some in-
terrogatories to me. He wished to know whether,
if Kansas came here with a constitution adopted
by her people recognizing slavery I would vote
for her admission under that constitution ? I tell
him now, emphatically, in advance of the speech
which I have prepared, that I would not. When
the Missouri compromise, that time-honored com-
pact, was repealed, I declared then, and I main-
tain it now, that by no vote of mine shall that
repeal be carried out to what I feared was intended
to be its result; and therefore I would refuse to
admit Kansas as a slave State under any con-
tingency. But all who oppose the ratification of
the Lecompton constitution do not agree on this
point; and I pledge myself to the gentleman from
Mississippi and other members from the South
upon this floor, that, if I do not prove that there
are sufficient reasons, apart from slavery, to de-
mand its rejection, that the Lecompton constitu-
tion is not republican in its form, that it does not
speak tho voice nor the will of the people of the
Territory of Kansas, then I do not ask any man
of any party to join me in voting against it.
Nineteen years ago, the House of Representa-
tives was convulsed with an exciting question,
which threatened to prevent its organization,
which hazarded even tne continuance of the body
itself, and which, affecting as it did the political
majority of this branch of the National Councils,
and thus deciding which party should wield its
powpr, baffled all attempts at its adjustment, un-
til the strong mind of the " old man eloquent"
brought it from chaos to order once more. The
incidents of that struggle must be fresh in the
minds of every Representative within the sound
of my voice; for they were discussed at every
fireside throughout this broad land. Five citizens
of New Jersey presented themselves at the bar of
the House, with commissions certifying their
election as Representatives from that State, signed
by its Chief Magistrate, and attested by the broad
seal of the State itself, the symbol of its sover-
eignty. These commissions were in the exact
form required by law; and the gentlemen thus
commissioned demanded that they should he ad-
mitted to seats upon them during the organization
of the body, and till the proper committee was ap-
pointed before whom their contestants could pre-
sent their claims. No other gentlemen claimed to
have legal commissions for the seats on this floor
belonging to New Jersey, except one whose right
was uncontested; but five other citizens presented
certificates signed by an inferior officer of State
and by two county clerks, asserting that the votes
of two townships had been omitted in the exec-
utive computation, which, if included with the
others, would have entitled them to the commis-
sions given to their adversaries. To this it was
replied, by the members commissioned according
to law, that gross frauds and irregularities existed
in the returns of these townships, justifying their
exclusion, as they would show at the proper time;
but that meanwhile they claimed the seats in this
body to which their legal credentials, the signa-
ture of the Governor of their State, and its broad
seal, entitled them. Such is a fair abstract of the
points in controversy in the celebrated New Jer-
sey case. The application which I shall make of
them may already be apparent.
Then, a sovereign State, by a fulfillment of all
the formalities under which members are officially
accredited to this body, demanded, under the sig-
nature of its highest functionary, who, by law,
had the right thus to speak for his State, that cer-
tain citizens thereof should be received to mem-
bership here. But the remaining members of the
American Congress persistently, and to the end,
despite the excitement which reigned here for two
long weeks, resolved that they should mot be ad-
mitted into their midst; but that, going behind
these credentials, regular though they were on
their face, they would, at all hazards, regardless
of broad seals and gubernatorial signatures, as-
certain what was the actual will of the people of
Nov/ Jersey. And the political majority of this
