122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
be made contrary to law. I am not driving at
that. I do not speak of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury as an individual; but in his official capacity.
He asks this House to vote him the money, and
he, and his friends in this House, vote to spend it
as they please, and then they come back and
taunt us with having voted for all these objects.
Sir, I want to know what the money is voted
for.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I thought I had
sufficiently explained it. The requisition is for
the authority to use $20,000,000, if necessary, to
pay the debts of this Government, in accordance
with existing law. Not a dollar will be paid out
by the Secretary, except in accordance with the
appropriation bills of the last Congress.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not suppose he will. I
was asking, Mr. Chairman, why this money was
needed, and whether it is to be employed in sus-
taining those four regiments which are proposed
in the President's message, or, more properly, in
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury? Is
there not a recommendation that ten war steamers
be built; and that, too, at the same time that
they are asking authority to issue $20,000,000 of
Treasury notes. Now, I want to know if these
$20,000,000 are going to sustain those four regi-
ments ? I should like to know whether it is ne-
cessary to have these four regiments raised, in
order to have captains, ensigns, corporals, and
sergeants enough to give them strength enough
to carry through the Lecomptonconstitution with-
out submission to the people, and whether we are
to pay them with this money? That is what
I desire tp know. I have no doubt they want
money; but I should like to know how much of
it is going to be used, as has been the case here-
tofore, in sustaining usurpation in Kansas. How
much is to be used to force, at the point of the
bayonet, upon the people of Kansas a govern-
ment for which every person in the United States
knows they never voted and never will, and that,
too, right in the face of the declaration that"gov-
ernmcnt derives all its just powers from the con-
sent of the governed." Lot my right arm wither
first, and my tongue cleave to the roof of my
mouth, before I will vote a cent to uphold the in-
famy which the past and present Administrations
have attempted, and are riowattempting, to impose
upon an unwilling people. I have the right to
inquire, and I want to know, whether that policy
is still to be pursued; and whether the United
States troops are to be employed to force upon a
people institutions they do not want' I know
tyrants always want money. Philip II. wanted
money. It was the urgency of his reign to want
money. He wanted to send the troops of Spam,
under the Duke of Alva, to the Netherlands, to
enforce the inquisition upon the people of the
Lower Countries. President Buchanan wants
money, I believe, to force the Lecompton consti-
tution upon the people of Kansas.
Mr. LETCHER. Is the gentleman aware of
the fact that the vote is being taken in Kansas
upon the Lecompton constitution to-day, so that
the President cannot want money for that pur-
pose.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I knew that the party in
power can play such " fantastic tricks" as make
Heaven blush, and that other place smile with
joy. [Laughter.] I say they wantmoneyalways;
and that they are always borrowing; and I say I
know no parallel to the course of this Adminis-
tration; I know nothing so much like it as the
reign of Philip II.
I object, finally, to this bill, because it is un-
constitutional. Now, it is said to bo out of taste,
and to be unparliamentary, to say anything about
conscience here. I do not know but it is unpar-
liamentary to say anything about the Constitu-
tion; but I hope not, because we have sworn to
support the Constitution. I want the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, or any
other friend of this bill, to point mo to that clause
of the Constitution which authorizes the issue of
Treasury notes. There is the power to borrow j
money upon the credit of the United States, it is
true; but what is the use of whipping the Devil
around the stump? Why not come out frankly
like men, and say they want to borrow money
tor the purposes of the Government, and not ask
for authority to issue Treasury notes.
The truth is, there is no constitutional power
to issue Treasury notes. I know that it will be
brought up as a plea—the precedents; that we did
it in 1837, in 1842, and in 1847; and now cannot
we do it in 1857? In the language of Young, with
a slight variation,
"Once more the fatal precedent will peal."
We have done it three times, and why not do
it a fourth? Every repetition of an unconstitu
tional act endangers the country by making a
subsequent violation more easy, and soon you
will find the good national ship unmoored, and
floating away, in a very ocean of precedents, with
the Constitution almost submerged, and hardly
able to keep above the angry billows. And here,
from my place, and upon my responsibility as a
member of this House, I want especially to warn
those who live in the country—for
" God made tlie country, and man made the town,"
and I like man's workmanship the best—I want
to warn the mechanics and laborers, and the in-
dustrial classes of the country, that this Admin-
istration, which I said was but an elongation of
the preceding one, is endeavoring to convert this
Government, in the name of Democracy, to a des-
potism, and the Treasury Department, under the
guise of Treasury notes, into one grand banking
system.
The President has passed under the power of
the old Whigs of the country, and now. he is at-
tempting to slide in their principles; he dare not
do it all at once; he dare not start up the ghost
of the old prophet at once into full life; but he is
creeping on, and by-and-by the Democracy will
get used to it, and will swear that it was always
Democracy, and that they were always for banks.
Sir, I plant myself on the Constitution and call the
country back to it. You, gentlemen, opposite, are
strict constructionists—are you not > Will you
pointto the place where the Constitution says that
Congress shall have power to issue $20,000,000—
more or less—of Treasury notes? You cannot
find it. It is not there. It is an implied and dan-
gerous power. It would bring you back to the
old depreciated Continental currency. Govern-
mental currency that is not convertible always
depreciates. I therefore call upon the people and
upon the House to come back to the Constitu-
tion, to know no money that the Constitution does
not know, and it knows none but gold and silver;
God intended that for money, and so long as you
attempt to thwart His arrangement, you will ex-
perience the inevitable retribution that sooner or
later must follow.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, a very ex-
tensive field of debate is legitimately thrown open
by the proposition now under consideration. The
character of the expenditures of the general Gov-
ernment, the tariff, the currency, propositions for
reform—are all intimately interwoven with this
proposition to replenish an empty Treasury. I
think my friend from Virginia [Mr. Letciier] is
not very just in the face of the facts, and remem-
bering, as he must remember, the circumstances
under which the appropriation bills of last year
were acted on, in charging the responsibility of'
extravagant expenditures upon this side of the
House.
Now, sir, I am not the accredited organ upon
this floor, of the Republican party; and if the sen-
timents which I have heard avowed here by lead-
ing members of that party, in favor of an exclu-
sively metallic currency, are to be regarded as a
part of its platform, I never shall be its organ,
here or elsewhere, until I shall have changed the
well-settled convictions of my own judgment.
What are the facts m regard to the appropria-
tions made last year? I chance to know some-
thing m regard to them; and having reported most
of them, voted for them, fought for them, and de-
fended them on this floor, I feci that the responsi-
bility of meeting the charge of the gentleman from
Virginia, devolves upon me. The gentleman at-
tempts to screen the last Administration from the
responsibility of the public expenditures. I charge
upon them all the responsibility of the large ap-
propriations which were made. My friend from
Virginia knows full well that there never was a
single item of appropriation passed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which was not pre-
dicated upon estimates recommended by the
Executive Departments, and that many of their
demands were rejected. Ifhe knows of a solitary
item that was put into either of the appropiiation
bills which were passed by that committee and
this House and went into the law, that was not
recommended by the Executive, I call upon him
to point it out. .[A pause.] Then if he does not,
I must take judgment against him by default. I
demand that he either take back the charge or
point out to us the item in either of the bills that
was not predicated upon Executive recommenda-
tion.
Mr. Chairman, I remember well how the ap-*
propriation bills were passed in the closing hours
of the last Congress.*, At two o 'clock in the morn-
ing of the 4th of March last, there came back from
the Senate the bill of appropriations for certain
civil expenses, commonly called the " omnibus
bill," witheighty-five manuscript amendments,
amounting to millions of dollars. It was then too
late in the session to have them printed, or even
to have them read in the House, and the whole
matter went speedily to a committee of confer-
ence, of which I had the honor of being chairman
on the part of this House. That committee was
in session during the balance of the night. I
struggled in that committee for a reduction of the
expenditures, and yielded only to some of the
larger amounts—for instance, the appropriation
of §1,000,000 for the water-works of this city—
because every other legitimate mode which had
been resorted to by the House to take the surplus
of $22,000,000 out of the Treasury, which Mr,
Guthrie had informed us was not needed there,
had failed in the Senate. Believing that the ap-
propriation was proper in itself, and knowing
that the Treasury was overflowing, and that the
wants of commerce demanded that the vaults
should be unlocked, and that the coin should go
out into circulation, I supported the bill, as agreed
on in conference, and the House carried it with
extraordinary unanimity. How was that—the
most objectionable of all the appropriation bills—
carried ? It was carried by the almost unanimous
voice of the House. I think my colleague, [Mr.
Stanton,] or the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] demanded the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the report of the committee of confer-
ence; and had that demand been sustained, the
bill would have been defeated, for there would
not have been time for it to become a law before
the hour fixed by the Constitution for adjourn-
ment. But not more than seven members rose on
that morning to sustain the demand for the yeas
and nays; and I think the gentleman from Vir-
ginia was not one of the seven. I hold, therefore,
that he and his party sustained that bill.
Mr. Chairman, I did not rise for the purpose
of inquiring into the details of the reasons that
have forced the Executive to call on Congress for
a loan, or for the power to issue Treasury notes.
When the house is on fire, the true way is to ex-
tinguish the blaze and afterwards inquire into the
cause of it. We know, sir, that theie is a press-
ing necessity; and the only question is as to the
character of the means that should be furnished
the Administration in the present state of affairs,
to afford relief. I shall not follow gentlemen
through this discussion as to the relative merits
of a loan, and of the issuance of Treasury notes,
not stopping to inquire whether the distinctions
they draw are without a difference. I intend to
sustain a measure with such modifications and
guards as may be thrown around it, whether it
be in the form of a loan or in the form of Treas-
ury notes, on the principle that it is our solemn
duty to sustain our national credit.
But, sir, while we are creating in the form of
notes or bonds, a debt of $20,000,000, it strikes
me as the part of wisdom, to provide the means
by which we are to make payment when they be-
come due. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Lovejoy] has suggested an amendment, providing
that the amount should be raised by direct tax-
ation on the people. That gentleman, it seems to
me, is appropriating the thunder of my friend
from South Carolina, [Mi'.Boyce,] and my friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Q,uitm.:n.] At the last
session of Congress, while the lariff laws weie
being considered, my friend from South Caro-
lina announced his design to propose a bill to
sell nil the custom-houses belonging to the Gen-
eral Government, and dismiss the thousands and
tens of thousands of employes of the Govern-
ment connected with them, by way of reducing
the expenditures, and of resorting to free trade
and direct taxation. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi intimated a purpose of a similar character.
