1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
tory of that organized invasion from a neighbor-
ing State, as large in numbers as the army with
which Zaehary Taylorachieved the crowning vic-
tory of his life at Buena Vista; which, with all the
equipage and paraphernalia of war, surrounded the
various polls, drove the actual voters from their
own ballot-boxes with violence and imprecations;
forced unsubservient election judges to carry out
their will, or, with pistols at their breasts, gave
them five minutes to die or to yield their places to
their serviceable tools; stuffed the ballot-boxes
with nearly five thousand fraudulent, illegal, ruf-
fian votes, electing an entire pro-slavery Legisla-
ture, with the exception of a single representative
from a distant precinct in the interior; and then
returned to their Missouri homes with drums
beating and banners flying, exulting over this
unparalleled outrage which they hailed as a bril-
liant victory ? Though at the risk of life, a few dis-
tricts were contested, and new elections ordered,
this bogus Legislature, when it met, promptly re-
pudiated every one chosen at the second election,
and installed in their stead the persons elected by
the invading army, thus appropriately " perfect-
ing their organization." And this was the first
step in the progress of affairs which has so fit-
tinglyculminated in the Lecomptonju^gle, which,
as it did not have the people for its sponsor at the
baptismal font, appears before us with John Cal-
houn as its foster-father, and the President as its
next friend, stinking closer than a brother.
I pass over, for the present, the infamous code
of laws which this sham Legislature enacted, to
oppress and degrade the free people, whose legis-
lative rights it had so shamelessly stolen; (con-
fessed by eminent Democratic Senators to he a
disgrace to the age; and yet, which, enshrined
and guarantied and sustained as they are in the
Lecompton constitution, do not render that in-
strument less palatable to these very same gen-
tlemen now;) for I wish here specially to refer to
the various elections which followed. Bold and
reckless in their determination to maintain their
ill-gotten power, this Territorial Legislature not
only withheld from the people for two and a half
years the election of ail'their county, township,
and election officers, filling nil tlwfte posts A-oiii
the pitiful minority, which, with the power of the
General Government at their back, sustained this
shameless usurpation; but they fi-ncci] up the way
to the ballot-boxes of future ejections, b)' restric-
tions purposely intended to exclude and disfran-
chise the majority of the people of Kansas. Tax
laws were passed, to defray the expenses, amongst
other equally repulsive charges, of the so enih'd
militia, who roamed over the Territory with Gov-
ernment niuskets, harassing the free-State set-
tlers, destroying and stealing their property, com-
mitting that last inexpressible outrage on then-
wives and daughters, sacking towns, and burning
houses; and they made the payment of these taxes
an essential prerequisite for the elective franchise.
But worse than this i-vrn, they added unconstitu-
tional test-oaths as another qualification, which
they knew no free-State man, who was worthy
to be called a man, would consent to take; and
■with these restrictions, and their own creatures
presiding at the ballot-boxes, t!:"v felt that they
were safe. Sir, these disgraceful lac's, which
banished from the polls the liberty-loving people
of Kansas, cannot be unknown to the President;
and yet, when speaking of the election of Octo-
ber, 1856, at which ho claims that, the people, at
the polls, decided in favor of a constitutional con-
vention, he coolly says:
" ft is true tliat at this election the enemies ef the Terri-
torial Government (lid not vote, r; fc \u«n they were rtien en-
yasjed atTopefca," &.c.— Congressional Globe edition. p.
It is eminently fitting that the first point in fa-
vor of the legality and regularity of the Lecomp-
ton constitution,"which ia cited by the President,
should be a meager vote at ballot-boxes n"t pre-
sided over by impartial judges chosen by the
people, but guarded by tiie tools of the usurpa-
tion, and hedged in bv test-oaths, which evm the
usurping despot of France has not vet imposed
an the voters of his empire.
The convention having been thus called, the
usurping Legislature, yetunv.-iiling to concede the
people a fair, honest, open ballot-box, though
compelled, as they were that winter, to repeal
the test-oath, by the odium which it had justly in-
curred, looked around for some new plan to pre-
vent n free-Htate majority, and at last devised the
registry, -which should limit the franchise at the
election of delegates to those who were placed
upon it, and which is well known in Kansas his-
tory as the census swindle. No other State con-
stitution had ever thus been framed—utterly dis-
franchising, as this enactment did, every voter
whom hostile officers, not clccted by the people,
either neglected or refused to enroll. Besides the
nineteen counties, whose people were all ignored,
and the facts in regard to which are now so well
known to the public, the registry in the other
counties shows that there was a method in their
madness and wickedness. In the flourishing town
of Topeka, not a soul was enrolled. In Leaven-
worth, all the workmen in the pro-slavery print-
ing office were duly included in the registry, while
not a single one in the free-State printing office
was discoverable by the deputy sheriff. Henry J.
Adams, the Mayor of Leavenworth itself, was
omitted. So wasMarcus J. Parrott, who, from his
triumphant election here at the first fair election
ever held in Kansas, the succeeding October, must
have been known even then to some few citizens of
the Territory, though the bogus officer was obliv-
iousto his existence. Kay, more: this very official
failed to find out that such a man lived in Leav-
enworth as his own landlord, Doctor Morris, who
was, therefore, disfranchised by not being on his
sacred registry, bccausc he happened to prefer
freedom to slavery. And Judge johnson, of Kan-
sas, a most unimpeachable witness, declares that
of the nine thousand persons purported to be ic-
gistered,from four to five thousand were citizens of
Missouri, whose names were included expressly
to be used in case they were needed at the ballot-
box. And this census swindle is most appropri-
ately another step m the fraudulent formation of
this Lecompton constitution—of which the Pres-
ident, however, says in his message:
" It id iMi'Obsiiii.p: that any people could have proceeded
with morf ui:gul 4Rity in the to.-mation of a constitution
than the people oi Kansas have done."—Page 4.
This census having boon thus completed, with
half the counties omitted, th>* registry in the
others, willfully and intentionally one sidod and
. fraudulent, and' thousands of Missourians added
1 to it to swo 11 its aggregate anu to make ruccofs
certain in every possible contingency, the elec-
tion of delegates was the next act in the drama.
And here (quote from the President's message,
what he fays of this election, as I am compelled
to make a direct isaue with him upon the facts
involved, and shall produce my testimony to dis-
prove his allegations. Says the President:
l " Tiie enemies of the tentorial government determined
• still to re^Ntthe authoutv of Congress. They iefu«edto
I vote !V>! delegates to the convention; not became, horn eir-
J eum^tances which I nerd not detail, the, c wosan ommion
t to y c^islcr the romp'iroUreti) fvc voters who v.vie lnhalut-
j ants of o*'itilin counties? <">!' Kansn-, t,i the eatlv spring of
| 18.77 ; hut be< < me they find predetermined^ at all hazards,
\ to adhere t'o their revolutinnmu orgvni-sitthn, and defeat
| the estahii^limentofn-iyoihereonititiuioii than that which
j they had trained at i'oeeka. The election was, therefore,
I Millered to pa.-.-. by delimit ; but of this result the qualified
| eieetois who reused to vote, can never justly complain."
| I could answer this by living that, as all three
j pensions of the Thirty-Fourth Oongiess had cx-
] pired, without the passage of any of the acts pro- i
! posed in either House, to authorize the formation I
| of a State constitution, those who thereupon de- '
| dined to participate in the unauthorized action of j
; theTerritorial Legislature for that purpose, really !
■ maintained, instead of resisting, " the authority !
| of Congress." } ut I put the issue with thePres- i
ident on even higher grounds, on the very facts ,
, alleged in his statement. |
| On the 21th of April last, acting Governor Stan- !
ton, within a f.-w days after his arrival in Kansas, ;
having heard rs yet only thrt apocryphal state- '
monts of the enslavers of that Territoi v, the lead- :
ers of that minoni v which ba^k'-d m the sunshine ■
of procidentia! favor, pr-^t eded to Ljwience and
there, at the rcriu<'&r of its citizen?, mode n public I
addie^s. lie conc-des now,with a frankness that '
does him honor, th«t ho hod not, for several ;
months after this time, any conception of the enor- '
rniiy of the minuiiLy,who having, by fraud and vio-
lence obtained possession of the forms oflaw, used !
them systematically for still fnrthonnjusticc to the 1
rights of i he people. But :ike a hold emu brave man,
as he is, he tranklv told the citizens oi'Lawrcnce
that he had come to Kansas deteimined to enforce j
the territorial laws. He was met by equally res- '
ohite replies, that while they would submit, as I
they always did, to any oppression by the officers
or soldiers of the United States Government, no
power on earth could induce or compel them to
yield allegiance to a felon code, imposed on them
byaforeign invasion,which hud driven them from
their own ballot-boxes with contumely und vio-
lence, and then used the power they had stolen
to oppress and degrade those they had robbed.
But having appealed to them to redress their
grievances, if they had any, at the polls, he was
surprised to find the free-State leaders wHlingand
even anxious to do so if a fair and honest elec-
tion was guarantied. He asked them to put their
proffer m writing, and the next day u was done.
Although this was extensively published in the
newspaper press of the day, and I have one here
with me to prove this fact, and to show that the
proffer was not kept a secret, I prefer to read it
from an attested manuscript copy, furnished me
by Governor Robinson, who heads its list of sig-
natures:
Lawrence, Jlpril2.), 1857.
Dear Sir : In your address to tiie people of Lawrence,
last evening, we understood you to say, in substance, that
you would enforce the laws enacted by a Lc-gis-latuic elected
by the people of an adjoining State, until they should he
icpealcd; also, if the laws are unjust or distasteful, our
remedy h the ballot-box. History ha* indelibly recotded the
fact, which Geneial McLean admitted in our piesence last
evening, that the ballot-box was taken fioui the people of
Kansas Territory on the .10th Match, ]8.3j, and ha? not to
this day been returned. From that lime until the present,
the people have had no voice whatever in making law, or
m selecting officers to administer theirt, notwithstanding
the world-wide deelatation by the Administration at Wash-
ington, and us friends elsewhere, that the people Miould he
pet toctiy tiee to regulate their own institutions in thciro-.vn
wav, subject only to the Con-titution of the United State*.
We arc now invited to participate m an election of del-
egates to a convention, to meet September next, to fiame a
constitution and State government. We are told that the
election l.uv is a good one ; that the voice of the actual set-
tlers ('.in be heard at the polls, and that justice will be meted
out to all parties. We regret that the past conduct of the
otlieci 4 to superintend this election ha* not been such as to
pemnt us to behove that they will secure a fair vote of the
people, and tiie fact that many well known citizens hi Kan-
sas aie omitted ft om tiie registry li<t, and that a-, well known
citizun-s and iP>ident-> of Missouri are i ejji-stet <:d, i-> conclu-
sive proof to that a fair election is not intended and wili
not be psuintted by the officer? who have thus far had the
matter m charge. " But it a fair election is intended, not-
withstanding the bodyof men calling it. was not elected by
the people ot Kansas, and notwithstanding the people have
already framed a constitution of which a large majority ap-
prove, we. the undersigned, are willing to ovcilook the past,
and go into the election of delegates to a const i tutlorml con-
vention, should a .•onvention of the people of Kansas con-
vene, u the following course be adopted by the officers of
the election, to wit:
First. Two persons shall be selected in each township or
di^uiet toconect the icgistrylist, one by the pro slavery
and one by the fiee-State party, who shall pioeeed in com-
pany to take the census and register all legal voters, and the
probate judges shall correct the first lists, and the appor-
tionment of delegates shall be made according to the re nuns
thus made.
Second. Four judgesof election shall he selected for each
voting pieemet, two of the pro slavery and two of the free-
State party, and the names of tlnee ot said judges shall be
lequned to have a certificate ol election to entitle a person
to a seat in tiie convention.
We think that your Excellency will at once perceive that
some such course uiu^t be pursued to correct the h*t,nr no
correction can be made. We are informed by credible ie-
poi ts that, in some distucts, non-residents to tiie number of
thousands have alieady been legistered, while actual fice-
^tatesettlers have been refilled ; and how clsecan the lists
be corrected than by aietaktngof the con^-us by someper-on
or pei>ons who have leg.ird for an oath? TeMimony of a
negative character can avail not hum ; and toobauu poative
testimony with teferenco to the ic-ideneo of those enlisted
honi another State, would be impossible in the shoit time
remaining before the election.
That you have the power to take any course vou may
think pioper to secure a Mir election, we have no doubr. It
h not muteual that the letter of the law calling the election
should be sftictly lollowed ; indeed, no law at all is icqut-
sife, <;o that tiie will of a imjonty of the people can bo
ascertained. Congre^j can give legality to a constitution
foimed in accordance with a rirevious teriitonal act or with-
out one ; and we TiUc-t > our Excellency will lestore the bal-
lot-box to the people of Kansas in all its puntv, at any risk
of informality on nnnoi and non-essential piovisions of the
election regulation?.
Very lcspeetfullv, your obedient servant-'*.
C. Itobinson, G. \V. Smith,
William Hutchinson, Geo ge F. Ernie,
JU1 Claik. Joseph Ciaeklin,
Tlpht.iiin "Vute, u., G. Jenkins,
John Hutchinson, S. S. Emory,
G. C. J>inckett, J. II. Wakefield,
E. D. Lndd, G. A. Ftnley.
C. A, Babeock.
Hon. F. P. Stanton, vJcfing Governor} Kansas Territory.
A true copy. Attest: S. C. Pmith.
I submit this frank and manly document a9
proof beyond all contradiction that the charge of
the President, reiterated in the report of the Sen-
ate's Territorial Committee, is not in accordance
with the facts as they exist. All that tiie lead-
