1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
I think both of them gave me a promise that they
would introduce such a proposition; and I have
been waiting patiently ever since that time, and
am waiting still, for the action of those gentlemen
to ascertain when it is that they intend to force
their party up to the responsibility of that issue.
Mr. QUITMAN. I will briefly answer the
question by saying, that I will be ready to aid the
■ friends of direct taxation in presenting the subject
so soon as that gentleman and his friends on the
other side of the House shall cease to occupy the
whole time of Congress in discussing southern
affairs. I am ready at all times to aid in bringing
back the country to a system of direct taxation,
as the best, if not only means of promoting that
economy which will save us from the corrupting
influence of a Treasury sometimes bursting with
plethora, and at other times entirely exhausted.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, that he knows I ten-
dered him all the facilities in my power to bring
about a test on that subject before the House,
during the last Congress; yet his project has
never been reported.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Chairman, in reply to the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio, I would say
that the subject to which he refers is one very near
to my heart; that we have it under consideration,
and intend to press it at a proper time; and we
hope to continue to press it, and trust that the
day will comc when we will have the great bless-
ing of free trade in this country; the great priv-
ilege of selling where you can sell dearest, and
of buying where you can buy cheapest; in order
to accomplish which, we must have 110 duties on
imports, and must have direct taxation exclu-
sively.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentlemen both prom-
ise well, and I hope will soon perform, in order
that we may sift parties, and secure either stable
protection or free trade and direct taxation upon
the people m proportion to their representation in
the Federal Congress.
In reference to this question of raising the
' means to defray the expenses of the Government,
I occupy the position occupied by the fathers of
old, and which, I believe, the present Chief Ex-
ecutive has not yet repudiated, of raising the ne-
cessary means of defraying the economical ex-
penditures of the Government by discriminating
duties on imports, discriminating for protection
to our own industry; but, if tins system cannot
prevail, that of the gentlemen from South Caro-
lina and Mississippi will be my next choice.
Mr. Chairman, with a view of progressing to-
ward the point I desire to reach, I propose die
following amendment to the amendment of the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks:]
jind provideifurther, Tliat fioin and after the 1st (lay of
Ju!v next, a duty of Unity per centum ad vuloicm ^hail be
•imposed, in lieu* of those now imposed, upon the following
goods, ware?, find meiehandibe, impoited from abioad into
the United Prater, to wit: Carpets, eaipenng, hearth rugs,
bedsides, and other poitions of carpeting, being either Au-
bu^on, Brussels, niyrain, Saxony, Tmkey, Venetian, Wil-
ton, or anyotliei similar ialmc ; cutletyof all kinds; de-
laines; non 1/1 bars, blooms, bolts, loops, pig , lods, slabs,
or other foim, not otherwise provided foi; castings of uon,
old or scrap iron, and vessels of ea-n iron ; manufactures of
cotton, linen, silk, wool,ot worsted, if embroidcied or tam-
bouiert in the loom or otherwise, by maehineiv or with the
needle or other piocess; manufactures, atticles, vessels,
and wares not otherwise provided for, of bias*, copper,
gold, iron, lead, pewter, piatma. sjlveu tin. or other metal,
or of which either of those metals, or anv other metal, shall
be a component material of chief value ; manufaetmes of
wool, orof which wool shall be the component material, not
otherwise ptovided for: and that a duty oftwemy-four per
centum nd valorem shall be imposed m lieu of those now
imposed upon the following goods, wares,and merchandise
jmpoited into the United States, to wit: baizes, bookings,
flannels, and tlooi cloths, of whatever matenal composed,
not otherwise piovided for: manufaetmes composed wholly
of cotton, not orherwj-e piovided for; manufactures of silk,
or of which -ilk shall be a component material, not other-
wise piovided tor; manufactuies of woistcd, or of which
worsted shall be a component material not otherwise pio-
vided for.
My purpose in offering this amendment for the
consideration of the House, is to provide, first,
for raising the. revenue necessary for meeting the
Treasury notes or bond which may be issued,
and secondly, to provide the necessary protection
for the industrial interests of the country. It will
be remembered that during the last session of
Congress, this House passed a bill extending the
free list alone, and leaving all the other articles of
the manufacturer to enjoy the protection afforded
them by the Democratic tariff of 1846.
The Senate, with a view of still further reducing
the revenue, amended the bill by scaling down the
schedules twenty per cent. This amendment
proposes to bring the articles named back to the
position which they occupied in the bill, as it
originally passed the House, during the last ses-
sion.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,]
it seems to me, has been blowing hot and cold
upon this subject of the tariff. In one breath he
denounces the principle of protection, and in an-
other he advocates it. He is in favor of both free
trade and protection. At the last session he sup-
ported the tariff bill which was passed, knowing
and acknowledging that it contained the princi-
ple of protection, and that it discriminated for
that purpose; and he has but one step more to take
in the same direction in supporting this amend-
ment, which, in my judgment, will be necessary
to meet the demands upon the Treasury, which
he now proposes to make when these notes shall
become due. If lie takes that step he will be sus-
tained by his party and by the President of the
United States. One of the most material parts of
the amendment is that which gives protection to
the iron interests of Pennsylvania. I have no
doubt that the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means [Mr. J. Glancy Jones]
and his Democratic colleagues from Pennsylvania
will all give this amendment their support. I think
he was in favor of the bill of the last session as it
passed the House, and this amendment restores
the iron and coal interest to the position which it
then occupied.
Mr. Chairman, I regard it as of the utmost con-
sequence that this loan should be furnished, and
the Government relieved from its embarrassment
and threatened bankruptcy. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] asks what is to be done
with the money, and desires to know whether it is
tobe used to construct war steamers. I think not.
The President has recommended to the serious
attention of Congress one of the greatest works
which is to characterize the present age. He has
proposed the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific ocean. Of course the means must be pro-
vided to take the preliminary steps for that under-
taking. He has made this proposition, and in
good faith the gentleman from Virginia will cer-
tainly second his efforts in that behalf. The gen-
tleman from Virginia has been proclaiming that
we, on this side of the House, were rapidly going
over to the Democratic platform. I claim, upon
the other hand, that the gentleman's President,
and the gentleman himself, hove come upon our
platform, and are transferrins; the whole Demo-
cratic party to it. The gentleman does not assert
that the President favors free trade. No! no! he
is a protectionist. His votes in both branches of
Congress show that he is a protectionist. -
Mr. Buchanan voted for the tariff of 1828;'
which was the highest protective tariff known
in the history of the Government, and he has
never repudiated the principle. In 18331 first com-
menced my career in political life, under the ban-
ner of the gallant Harry of the West, upon which
was inscribed the great American systems of
"protection to American industry," "internal
improvements of a national character by the na-
tional Government," and a sound national cur-
rency, at all times convertible into gold and silver
atevery point inthe nation. I followed that banner
ardently through the gallant struggles during the
lifetime of that great man and his compatriots;
and m this hour of commercial distress, I venture
again to unfurl it to the breeze. The President
of the United States has boldly avowed himself
its advocate, in defiance of all the platforms which
politicians have erected for him tostandupon. I
am quite rejoiced to learn that my friend from
Virginia has' indorsed his position on these grave
questions. Those abstractions which formerly
crossed his mind have disappeared as the mists
before the wind. He now sees the true path and
I trust will pursue it with his well known energy.
He indorses the message, and of course stands up
and advocates boldly that great measure which is
to unite the people of the Atlantic States with the
people of the far off Pacific coast. Indeed, the
gentleman is a little ahead of the President of the
United States; for a year or two ago, I remember
well, the gentleman was on the committee of con-
ference, and reported and voted in favor of the ap-
propriation of a large Bum of money to run the
line to survey the track for that great work across
the Rocky Mountains and over the plains to the
Pacific. He found no difficulty in the constitu-
tional power to do that; and if he found power to
make an appropriation to run lines and mark them
by monuments, he will readily find in the sanje
clause the powerwhich his President claims to ap-
propriate the means of prosecuting and completing
the work he so bravely commenced. I welcome
the gentleman and his President to the fold of
the advocates of protection and internal improve-
ments.
In regard to a national currency, the President
and the gentleman from Virginia are following in
the footsteps of the illustrious hero of the Her-
mitage, who said in one of his messages:
" That a Bank of the United States, competent to oil the
duties which may be required by the Government, might
be so organized as not to infringe on our delegated powers
or the reserved rights of the states, i do not entertain a
doubt. Had the Executive been called upon to furnish the
project of such an institution, the duty would have beeu
cheerfully performed."
So said Jackson; and in so saying, he but fol-
lowed in " the footsteps of his illustrious predeces-
sors"—of Washington, who signed the first bill;
ofMadison,who approved the second. Buchanan,
on former occasions, advocated the measure, and
Mr. Dallas, his Minister to England, prepared
the United States Bank bill of 1832, which was
voted for by every Democratic member in this
House from the State of Pennsylvania. And
now, although Mr. Buchanan has not recom-
mended a national bank, or an exchequer, or fis-
cal agent, or what not, for—
" What's in a name ? that which we call a rose,
By any other name would smell as sweet—"
he has, nevertheless, taken a step in the direction
which gives assurance that he is not unfavorable
to the creation of a paper currency of uniform
value throughout the country. Upon this point,
as upon the others, he may return to his first
principles.
While I protest that I do not indorse the prin-
ciple of issuing these promises to pay by the Gov-
ernment for currency purposes, I am willing to
furnish means to sustain the public faith. I shall
vote for the bill if properly guarded, hoping and
believing, that it may be followed by some per-
manent measure which will provide a paper cir-
culating medium, which will at all times command
gold or silver on presentation, whether in Cali-
fornia or Massachusetts, in, Michigan or in Lon-
don. I shall vote for the bill, cherishing the hope
that Buchanan will perhaps come back to his first
love in icgard to a national currency. The gen-
tleman from Virginia will no doubt walk in his
footsteps, and follow his lights in all these things,
and then he and I, and all of us, will be found, I
trust, united upon the great measure advocated
by the distinguished statesmen of 1816 and of
1832. It will be a joyous time then, sir, when
we arc all thus united, a political millennium, when,
that gentleman and 1 and all of us of contending
parties, including what is left of the American
party—for there is a considerable sprinkling of
that party here yet—shall all be a unit, standing
on a common platform.
Mr. 'LETCHER. I should suppose from
what I heard on the other side this morning, that
my friend from Ohio was in a small minority,
particularly as to a Bank of the United States; for
I was interrupted by a sort Of simultaneous rising
up upon that side of the House in opposition to
a United States Bank; and what I supposed was
dead and gone, my friend from Ohio is trying to
resurrect and get upon its legs again.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am.giving Mr. Buch-
anan the credit of resuscitation.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me a strange
way to support a man, by marching under the flag
of his opponent. "While his language is for him,
his hand is against him.
My friend called upon me to know whether 1
was m favor of a Pacific railroad.. I do not mean
to discuss that now. Perhaps I shall have an op-
portunity to do so hereafter. But Xtell him now
that I am opposed to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then your hands are
against the President, and 1 am defending him
against your assaults!
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I am going against
that measure. My friend from Ohio calls upon
me to say in what solitary instance an item of
appropriation was passed by the last Congress
