1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
refusal by the convention to submit the result of their labors i
to the people might well taise a buspicion, if not a strong j
presumpiion, that they doubted whether they had so per- j
formed their duty as to meet the will of their constituents, j
" if they desire to be certain that theii labors confoim to ;
the wishes of the people, after they shall have read the ar- j
guments for and against the pait& and the aggregate of their ,
work, and formed their opinions thereon, they will not fail |
to afford them the most ample opportunity to do so. During ;
the last seventy-five years, numerous Stale constitutions j
have been framed; and, with few exceptions, they have all
been submitted to the people for adoption onejection. Our
national Constitution, when framed, was, through the sev-
eral States, submitted to the people. So obvious was the
propriety of such submission m the present case, that the
President instructed the territorial Governor to protect the
people when voting foror against its adoption. Under his
instructions, both tfecietaiy Stanton and Governor Walker
have pledged such piotection; and, until recently, and in
a few quarters, no one has questioned the propriety of such j
submission, while its wisdom is too apparent to be doubted, j
where the will of the people is the acknowledged source of
all power."
Mr President, I commend to the consideration
of gentlemen who take thisviewof the case,that
the people have a right to change their mind even
after the constitution is made out; just as you
would have a right to change your mind after the
power of attorney is framed by your agent, and
conclude that they will not execute it. They may
conclude thus for any reasons of their own; and
so far trom agreeing with the honorable Senator
from South Carolina that there is a distinction ; j
ori this question against a Territory as compared ''
with a State, I insist that the distinction is in favor ];
of the Territory, and for the very reason that the ! i
Senator alleged. Those who are the people of a r
Territory to-day may not be the people of the '!
Territory six months hence by one hundred thou- j,
sand; and yet, if six months hence a constitution • !
is to be put into operation, that additional hun- j'
dred thousand is as much to be governed by it as j.
the twenty thousand who have framed it. Hence, j j
from that very fact, from the very character of |j
the population of the Territory, I say that it ought i;
to be laid down as a general rule by Congress
(and m this I agree with the President of the Uni- ,
ted States in his annnal message) that in a Terri-
tory the constitution should in all cases be sub-
mitted to the people.
This brings to my mind a fact, which but for
this line of argument, I regret to say I should have
omitted. The President says that this conven-
tion, in virtue of the organicact, was bound to sub-:
mit to the people the question of slavery. They ■
were bound by the organic act he says to submit
the question of slavery. What are the words that '
bound them ? What are the words in that act j
that bound the convention to submit the question ;
of slavery to the people of the Territory. Were '
they those words which left the people perfectly
free to form and regulate their own domestic in- '
stitutions in their own way? If so, it uses the |
language " institutions;"and that certainly means !
more than one. If that clause bound them to ■
submit the question of slavery, it equally bound !
them to submit all others. But, Mr. President, 1
this is only another instance of the strange incon- \
sistencies which from time to time have been pre- 1
eented to the America i people to induce them to j
sanction this unhallov < d movement. j
Sir, the Senator from Indiana has made this 1
declaration: that con-'rations, as a general rule, 1
should not be submit d to the people, in the face
of the expression of two conventions in his own :
State, held within the last four months. That j
convention, which he and his colleague say rep-
resented them and their friends, passed a resolu-
tion declaring that all constitutions thereafter or
" hereafter" made in a Territory should be sub-
mit ted to the people for adoption. The conven-,
tion which subsequently assembled did the same ■
thing in unqualified terms. There was no ques- j
tion in regard to the doctrine laid down by the first j
convention, except as to its relation to this now ,
pending .subject. But the Senator will find, that |
not only the people of Indtana, but the people of j
every State m this Union, will repudiate that an- !
cient doctrine of Federalism. Whenever he goes
before the people, and undertakes to tell them that,
the delegates they have appointed to be a conven- •
tion are placed above and beyond them, that the 1
opinions of those delegates are wiser and better j
and purer than the power that made them, he will :
be very apt to hear from that people the language,
Depaxt from me; I know you not." &nt the
people of this Union (I care not by what denom- j
ination you call them) would never agree to a |
doctrine which takes from them the power to gov- j
ern themselves—never. They do not believe in
immaculate agoncies. They do not believe that
anybody is made by the grace of God, booted and
spurred, to ride over and govern them. They be- ,
lieve that the independent private citizen, in the !
majesty of his own constitutional power, is one of ,
the recipients of all authority—placed in his hands ,
not by the power of a convention, but by the great ;
Creator who made him. That is the reason why .
the people, in this Government, are the source of
all power. It is because they are in the image of |
God, and possess an intellect graciously vouch- ,
safed by Him to them. Knowing their rights, 1
they have the ability to execute them. Clothed
with those rights, and knowing them, they will ,
execute them despite the efforts of all other sources
of power, come fiom where they may.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the questions
involved in the debate upon the admission of ,
Kansas into the Union as a coequal State have ,
been so thoroughly and ably discussed upon both
sides, that I have hesitated whether I should take
part in it, and at one time had abandoned all idea
of so doing. Subsequent reflection, however, has j
satisfied me that it is a duty which I owe as well '
to my immediate constituents as to the countiy, j
to assign the reasons which will control my vote;
for though no one can suppose that any vote in !
this body will be affected by the debate, yet if
the views I have to present may perchance change
the adverse opinions or remove the lingering ,
doubts of a single citizen as to the propriety of
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, I shall feel that I have not spoken i
in vain. i
Besides, sir, I am a believer in the capacity of
the American people for self-government, and
hold that it is by discussion—full, frank, and ar-
dent discussion, if you will—addressed to the in- j
telligence, and not to the passions of the people, !
that a Republic must be sustained. ,
In this stage of the debate, I shall endeavor to
confine my remarks to those matters which I j
deem material to the decision of the immediate
question before the Senate: whether Kansas shall
be admitted as a State under the Lecompton con-
stitution, or whether that constitution shall be
rejected, and the people of Kansas be suffered to
remain under the territorial government? There
are two classes of opponents to the admission of
Kansas. One consists of the Republican party,
with whom the real and vital objection is that her
1 constitution tolerates slavery; and therefore, in e-
1 spective of any other objection, as it is acaidmal
rule of their political faith that in the future no
slavcholding State shall be admitted into the
Union, they object to the admission of Kansas.-*
1 The second class consists of Senators who have
' hitherto acted with the Democratic party—for-
tunately but few—who, disclaiming any objection
to the admission of Kansas on the ground that
her constitution tolerates slavery, hold that it was
adopted m violation of the principles of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, and that, in its mode of adop-
tion, the great principle of popular sovereignty
was violated.
Now, sir, there are three rational grounds, if
sustained, (and a fourth question may be added,)
1 which would form valid objections to the admis-
sion of Kansas or any other Territory as a State.
The first objection is, the want of sufficient pop-
ulation; the second, that the constitution is not
republican; the thud, that it is not the result of
the legally expressed will of the people. To these
I would add a fourth question: whether the ad-
mission or rejection of Kansas will be most con-
ducive to the inteiests, the peace, and the pros-
perity of the Federal Union? On the first two
grounds no objection is made. The sufficiency
of the population of Kansas has been either ad-
mitted or waived throughout the debate. As to
the second, it will scarcely be denied that the in-
choate State has presented a constitution rcpub-
: lican in form. The third ground, whether this
constitution is the result of the legally expressed
will of the people, presents most of the points of
contestcxcept those whichaiise from the determ-
nationon the part of the Republican party in futuie
. to admit no slavcholding State into the -Union.
In considering this third ground, we must look
first to the power of Congress over a Territory
acquired for the common benefit of the people of
all the States. 1 do notdoubtas to the extentof
their authority, nor do I mean to enter into any
| discussion as to its origin. I am satisfied to ac-
! cept it as it has been hitherto exercised. Since
i the origin of the Government, Congress has al-
1 ways exercised the right to dispose of the soil, to
| permit or restrict its settlement by the citizens of
| the country, and to organize territorial govern-
j ments where the settlement was permitted, with
I a view to the formation of future States; and in
| the exercise of this authority, Congress, in the
| early stages of the Republic, delegated to the peo-
i pie of the Territory the power of self-government
] more sparingly than has been the usage in later
| days.
! Formerly, many of the Territories were gov-
; erncd by the judges and Governor; in others, there
; was an Assembly who were allowed to nominate
! members of a Council, to be appointed by the
I President of the United States, and the two to-
gether, with the Governor, governed the Terri-
1 tory. In some cases, the Governor had an abso-
lute veto on the acts of the Legislative Assembly.
In others, the laws were required to be submitted
to Congress/or approval. This was the earlier
course of action in the delegation of power by
Congress; and I admit that, whilst the people oc-
cupy a Territory of the United States, their right
of government within the Territory is a delegated
, nght.
, Gradually, in accordance with the spirit of the
1 institutions of this country, Congress has enlarged
the popular control over the government of the
| Territories, in their territorial form,until finally,
!! in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, nearly full powers
' of government were delegated.
] In the true construction of that bill, and draw-
' ing the intent of Congress, not from the views
lj which might have been entertained by individual
<\ legislators at the time of its passage, but from the
, | language used by the Legislature as expressive of
i their intent, the conclusion seems irresistible that
1 its provisions delegated to the people and Terri-
I tonal Legislature of Kansas all the powers that
| we could constitutionally exercise in the Terri-
tory, except those whiSli are expressly excepted
I in the act itself. Subject to the Constitution of
the United States, and the express exceptions of
the act, all powers of legislation are vested in the
people of Kansas, through their Territorial Le-
! gislature.
II I am aware that the objection is made—I believe
in the paper presented by the Senator from Ilh-
'! nois [Mr. Douglas] as the views of one of the
minoiity of the Committee on Territories—that,
without an expi ess authoiity from Congress, the
Territorial Legislature, with the assent of the
people, have no right orpower to prepare the Ter-
ritory for admission into the Union as asovcreign
; State; and secondly, that they cannot at their own
, will and pleasure resolve themselves into a sov-
;| creign power,abiogate and annul the organicact
!: and territonal government ordained by Congress,
' and establish a'constitution and State government
upon their rums,without the consent ofCongiess.
I differ with him as to the law on the first ground.
I admit fully the docuine stated in the second,
i but deny its application to Kansas, or that there
has been any attempt to subvert the territorial
'J government without the consent of Congress.
!| That I may do no injustice, I will lead from the
views of the Scnatoi from Illinois at page 62 of
,, the document containing the report of the com-
: msttee and his mmonty views. After citing the
. authority of the Attorney General of the United
,, States under the administration of Andrew Jack-
'1 son in reference to the territorial organization of
Arkansas, he says:
u Tim-, it appeals that under the administration of Gen-
ii era I JnekMHi the doctune obtained,and I have never heaid
i eoiiecu)e^ quer-noned until the present session of(Jon-
■ srri'bt, that a convention assembled under the authority of
a Tern tonal Leiri>!ature, 'without an e\piessS authoiity from
, ()ongrfs■^.,, had no right or power to prepare the Tertitory
I1 toi admission into the. Union as a sovctoign State, and
thereby abiogate or impair the authority of the Territorial
Legislatute overall ngliUu! subjects of legislation consist-
j, ent wuli the organic act."
i 1 In support of this doctrine, he makes quotations
from the opinion of Mr. Butler, then Attorney
General of the United States, I shall read two
