1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2243
tion that to stop it now would subject the Gov-
ernment to reclamations for damages, and would
be productive of no good in the end. But where
ever the work has not been commenced, it is rec-
ommended by the committee that it shall not be
done, and that nothing more shall be commenced.
I call the attention of the House to these Pacific
railroad surveys. Originally, the work was es-
timated for, and its publication was recommended
upon the assurances of those who had it in charge
that it would make only four volumes. It was
subsequently ascertained that they proposed to
make six volumes of it. And now we have in-
formation that a twelfth volume has been prepared
during this session of Congress, and has been so
far advanced in its preparation that they ask the
Government to make it a supplemental volume to
the work. Sir, if there is no check put to it, what
assurance have we that the work ever will be
completed ? We propose a discontinuance of it,
and a notification to those who have it in charge
that their labors ought to conclude, if they have
not done so.
In reference to the charts and maps, I desire to
call the attention of the House to a practical ques-
tion. We propose, inasmuch as they have been
prepared, to turn them over to the Secretary of
the Interior. They are public property, the prop-
erty of the Government. They have been pre-
pared under appropriations made by Congress un-
der ^he direction of the Secretary of War ^without
the concurrence of the Superintendent of Public
Printing at all, and whenever occasion requites
the printing or publication of any more maps, then
the property is in the hands of the Government,
and Congress can order their publication. 1 will
state, in conclusion, that the result which we ar-
rived at was that, by the adoption of the commit-
tee 's report, a saving of $306,000 would be effected.
I now move the previous question.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. We have published, I
believe, eight or ten volumes of the Pacific rail-
road surveys, all pertaining to southern routes.
Now, I ask the House, if they are willing to sup-
press the only volume that we are to have in re-
lation to the extreme northern route ? I desire to
move to strike out that part of the resolution.
Mr. NICHOLS. J will say in reply to ihe gen-
tleman, that the surveys of Governor Stevens are
embraced in the first volume, and the volume that
he now proposes to submit is simply the narrative
and natural history of these explorations. I insist
on the call for the previous question.
Mr. WALBIUDGE. I hope the House will
vote down the previous question. The simple
preliminary explorations of the noithern route
are all that are in the first volume.
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tellers on the
previous question.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Reagan and
Buffinton were appointed.
' The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 86, noes -14.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. WALBRIDGE demanded the yeas arid
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. COBB called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wai.bkidgf.
and Singleton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-eight.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALBRiDGE. I ask for a division of
the question. There are two resolutions
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot now en-
tertain the call for a division. If the gentleman
had asked fora division before the previous ques-
tion was seconded he would have been entitled
to it.
Mr. WALBPJDGE. I will not appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The question was taken; a$d it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS — Abbott, Adrain, Anderson, Atkins,
Avery, Blair. Bocock, Bowie. Bovcc, Bianch. Biyan, Bur-
nett, Bums. Ciftkie, John 13. Claik, Claw>on, Clay, Cobb.
John Cochrane, Cortsmtr, Cragm, James Craig1, Ciawfoul,
Cmn<. Davidson, Davi^ of Indiana, Havi* of Mississippi,
Davis? of Iowa, Dowdclh Edmimdsou, Elliott, English,
Kusns, FJo'encp, Fo)<jv, Gamett. Gartreil, Gillie, Gilmer,
Goode, Greenwood, Glow, Lawrence W. Hall,
Thomas L Hams, Hatch. Hoiton. Hughes. Huyler, Jack,
&on. Jenkins, Joxvett, Gcoige W< Jones, J. Clancy Jones,
Owen Jones, Kait, kcJioj™, Iviigoie, Jncoh AT. Kunkel-
Lamar, Lawrence, Leidv, Lcteher, Mac lay, McQueen,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Mavnard, Miller, Moore,
Ieaac N. Moriis, Molt, Niblack, Nichols, Parkci, Peyton,
Phelps,Phillip1?, Powell, Quitman, Reagan. Iticaud, Ruffin,
Russell, Sandidge, Scales, Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw,
Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Shorter, Singleton, Robert
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Small, Spinner, Stall-
worth, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Talbot, Miles Tajloi, Trippe. Underwood, Walton, Wat-
kins, White, Whiteley, Wmslovv, Woodson, Wortendyke,
John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—115.
NAYS—Messis. Ah/, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bliss, Buffinton, Burlin ame, Case, Chaffep, Ezra
Claik, Clemens, Coek^rill, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Damroli,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dimmick, Dodd,
Dutfee,Edif, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Gi!man, Good),
Goodwin, J. Mornson Harris, Ha&kin, Ilill, flowaid, Kel-
&ey, Knapp, Landv, Lovejoy, M itteson. Moigan, Morrill,
Edward Jov Moins. Freeman H. Morse, Ohvei A. Morse,
Murray, Olm, Palmer, Perm, Pike, Potter. Pottle, Ritchie,
Robbins, Rovce. Scott, William Stewait, Tliavur, Thnmp- 1
son, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, C'ldwalarler C Wa^fr- |[
bum,Eliihu B.Washburne, Wilson, and Wood—6o. !'
So the resolutions were adopted. \\
Mr. NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote |i
by which the resolutions were adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table. J!
The latter motion was agreed to. ji
Mr. NICHOLS. I move to refer the estimate^
contained in the report to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr GARNETT. Mr. Speaker, my friend
from South Carolina [Mr, Boycr?] made a report
this morning from a select committee, of which I
am a member. I 'lesiie to ask leave to present
hereafter a minority report, which is not quite
prepared.
There bring no objection, leave was granted.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules hb suspended, and the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Smitii, of Tennes-
see, m the Chair,) and rceamed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. ^00) ranking appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859.
The CHAIRMAN stated that thependingqae's-
tion was on the amendment of Mr. Marshall,
of Kentucky, to strike out the following clause of
the bill: ^
"For collection of agricultural cta!i5tics, investigations
for pioniotmg acrrioulfuje and mml rvonomv, and J he pro-
curement and di^tiibmum ol mutiny and serd>. £60,009."
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is an amendment to the
amendment now in order5
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is open
to amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " £60,000," and inserting
"$100,000."
Mr. Chairman, we annually vote here millions
piled upon millions, almost without discussion,
and witiiout opposition, for the Army and for the
Navy—$10,000,000 in deficiency bills, and all that
sort of thing; but when we come to a proposition
to give a few thousands instead of millions for
agriculture, for the benefit of the class which really
bear the greater portion of the burdens of the
; Government, it is met with objection and opnosi-
] tion.
| We have been chains; down doorkeepers and
cleiks and icpoitcrs and messengers and pasjos,
we have set figure-fours for catching the mi^e
which are catins; Uncle Sam's cheese, while the
wolves have been gorging themselves fiom the
fold. Now I protest agiunst taking out the little
pittance that we vote here for the farming interest.
I The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
! shall] moves to strike out the entire clause. We
! have willingly paid for war-horses, and for war-
nors to ride them, and who do ride them until
i they are as destitute of caudal appendages as was
Tarn O'Shanter's marc, according to the state-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [M r. M ku-
sh vll,] himself And yet ho cannot vote a small
appropj iation for seeds and cuttings for the farm-
ing population.
i\ir. DEAN , (in his seat.) Turnips.
Mr. LOYEJOY. Yes, sir; there is an attempt
to ridicule this appropriation on the ground that
it is for the purchase of hollyhocks and morning-
glories and mignonnettes and French poppies.
Now, sir, I would as soon vote money for poppies
as popinjays. It is well known that we vote .
means for grinding out popinjays .at the Military
Academy at West Point, who strut around with
little epaulettes upon their shoulders, and red or
yellow stripes up* and down their pants. They
are swarming over the country everywhere like
the frogs and locusts of Egypt. You have no
appropriate use for only a'small portion of these
persons. Some of them, it seems, are employed
as lamp-lighters, and horses are provided for
them to ride up stairs to pour oil into their lamps,
I suppose; for I do not know what*other use they
have for horses.
But all this is right enough. I do not know
whether these young gentlemen could couch a
lancc in an actual tilt or not; they no doubt un-
derstand the tournamentof " les LandersI do
not know how iveil they understand the drill of
the manual exercise; they are familiar with the
mazes of the polka and the waltz. I do not know
how well they understand marching to the sound
of martial music to the field of battle; but they
know perfectly well how to saunter around in
your parlor hotel, stroking down their mustaches,
and playing all the pranks of an exquisite.
To pay large sums to educate these dapper
gentleman, is ail well enough; but nothing can be
voted for the farming interest. Why, sir, I would
sooner vote money for good cabbagc-heads. Bat,
sir, the remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky
are alt well enough against the abuses of this thing;
but not against the thing itself. If you are going
agamst'everything that is abused, there would be
but very little of the Government left. If you will
look at the Administration itself, you will find, as
1 think, that it is composed of measureless abuses;
but that is a matter of opinion.
Now, sir, these military men are to be found V
everywhere. Thesuperintendentforconstructing ^
this Capitol must be a military man; and if you
ask for their monuments, I would reply in the lan-
guage of the epitaph of Sir Christopher Wren, in
St. Paul's: " Simonumenlumqu&riSiCircum&pice."
If you want a monument of military architecture,
look at the meretricious and garish gilding of
these walls, and the splendid specimens of fresco
paintings in these panels And then go down
into the Agricultural Committee-room—at one
end is a representation of Old Put leaving his
plow; and at the other end is Cincinnatus, also
leaving his plow.
Now, sir, the proper idea is, in my view, to
have given some paintings that would represent
the agriculture of the present time—of 1858—so
that one orthroe hundred years hence those who.
see them should learn what, was the condition of
agriculture of the present year. There is one ex-
ception—that of a reaper. This is as it should be.
That is on one side, in the middle of a field of
wheat, and looks very well, except that it ought to
have heon at the side of the field, as that is where
cutting begins. Over head, we have pictures of
Bacchus, Ceres, and so on, surrounded with cu-
pids, cherubs, &c., to the end of heathen mythol-
ogy. All this we lirve; but not a single specimen
ot the valuable breeds of cattle, horses, sheep, &c.,
which are now found in the country. In another
pane!, we have a company of harvesters, with
the sickle, which is well enough, only a quarter
of a century too late.
But worst of all, there is not a single picture to
represent mai?e. A panel ought to have been
given to this single production. It should have
been represented m its different stages; as it
emerges, weak.and diminutive, from the ground;
as it sways in its dork luxuriance of June and
July, and then as it waves its tasseled crest, like
the plumes of an armed host; and last, in its rich
golden maUuity.
The picture of Putnam would have been very
well in the committee-room of Revolutionary
Claims, but has no significance where it is, as it is
a revolutionary reminiscence. In the placc of this
should have been the picture of a western plow,
with its polished steel moid-board, with the hardy
yeonian, with one hand resting on the plow-
handle, and with the other holding a span of bays,
with "arched neck and neatly-tnmmed harness.
Pictures are symbols of ideas, and this would
'have told to the future the present mode of cul-
