2244
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
ture of free labor. At the opposite end, in the
place of Cincinnatus and his plow, (the plow of
two thousand years ago,) there should have been
a negro slave, with untidy clothing, with a slouch-
ing gait, shuffling along by the side of a mule
team, with ragged harness and rope traces, draw-
ing a barrel of water on the forks of a tree. .This
would represent the idea of slave labor. Thus
we should have a symbol of the two systems of
labor now struggling for the ascendency.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume the House
wili very readily concur with me in the opinion,
as a matter of courtesy at least, that if the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] had the man-
agement of this great Republic, things would be
infinitely better managed than they are at present.
He reminds very much of the man who was
always finding fault with the weather, sometimes
complaining that it rained a little too much, some-
times that it was a little too dry; but always find-
iug fault with the arrangements of Him who rules
on high, and governs all things well. 1 do not,
however, intend to indulge m criticism, arid I
will therefore address myself to tlie question now
under consideration. I wijl not discuss the ques-
tion of the jurisdiction of the House over tins
question, oi of the propriety of making the mem-
bers of the House the great seed distributors of
the Republic.
In the first instance, allow me to say that one
objection I have to the measure is, that it is ut-
terly impossible for the members of the House to
send seeds to all their constituents. There is not
a member here who has not experienced the in-
conveniences arising from that tact. It is utterly
impossible for him to obtain a supply sufficient to
furnish every constituent, and the effect of dis-
criminating is that while he flatters one hfi'olfends
another.
Mr. STANTON. Yes, a dozen others.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, that is true.
A Mkwijkr. Send them in smaller parcels.
Mr. SMiTII, of -Virginia. Gentlemen may
scatter their seeds in small parcels and spread
them over moiv surface.
Mr. STANTON. That makes the matter still
worse.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir; I say it
is a great labor for the Representatives upon this
floor to engage in this business of distribution. It
is impossible to be performed without giving more
or less offense, and I have no doubt it is a source
of much unpopularity.
But there is another view of the subject, is
there any necessity for this appropi union ? Can
the people of the country derive their seeds m no
other way than through this channel ? 1 say they
can usually do it, for where there is a demand,
there is enterprise enough to supply that demand.
What right have we to come into competition
with the seedmen of thecountiy—with that legit-
imate individual competition which is for the ben-
efit of the whole people? What right have we to
set up an establishment, in a marble building
here, to come into competition with the seed-stores
of Philadelphia, Baltimore, and other cities ? That
is what we are doing. We are the rivals of the
private enterprises of the American people. 0«<*4it
we to occupy that position ? There is not a gen-
tleman here who will not admit that what wo do
here is within the reach of private enterprise.
In these two aspects, it does seem to mo that
\vc ought to nd ourselves of this duty, because,
in undertaking to pciform it, we render no sub-
stantial interest to the country I trust the amend-
ment of the gentleman over the way will not be
adopted, and that the appiopriation will be ma-
teiially diminished.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I oiler the following
amendment:
That no poiuoii "t tiie sum hereby appiopnatcd tlinll be
applied to tn-' putrh i-e <>' flmvor K
The House has this morning ordered the print-
ing of two hundred thousand volumes of the ag-
ricultural portion of the Patent OiTh-e ieport. It was
alleged by the gentleman fiom Mississippi, [Mr.
Singleton]—and very propeily too—that the ob-
ject of printing tins work was for the purpose
of advancing the farming interest of the country.
If that be true, and I do not doubt it, I think' the
amendment now pending is in fuitheranee of that
object—that it is for the purpose of procuring such
seeds, through the instrumentality of the Patent
Office, as will improve the agricultural interests
of the country. My experience is that a laige
amount of the sum heretofore appropriated for the
purpose of purchasing seeds and cuttings, which
are proper to be distributed among the farmers of
the country, has been appropriated for the purpose
of buying flower seeds, which are of no earthly
benefit to any person whatever. A large portion
of them upon fair trial have proved to be utterly
worthless. The Patent Office has been imposed
upon to a considerable extent in the purchase of
these seeds; but if it is the determination of the
House to make an appropriation of $60,000 for
the purpose of purchasing seeds for distribution
among the farmers of the country, I think it is
right and proper that the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky to strike out the entire clause
should not prevail. I trust, however, if the mo-
tion should not prevail, the restriction contained
in my amendment may be adopted, so as to pre-
vent the Patent Office from expending any portion
of the amount for the purchase of flower seeds.
Mr. SMITH, of Viiginia. I would rather have
the flower seeds than anything else. Bless my
soul ! the ladies must have the flower seeds.
Mr. GREEN WOOD. I cannot agree with the
gentleman in that particular. I take it that they
have no power to purchase any character of seeds
for distribution which are meiely for ornamental
purposes. We have the right, however, in my
judgment, according to the Constitution, to en-
courage agriculture, and this is one of the modes
of doing that.
As f said before, if this clause is to be retained,
I hope my proviso will be adopted.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to op-
pose the amendment offered to my amendment, and
more particulaily for the purpose of saying that
I offered my amendment in good faith. Speeches
are constantly made by public men here, readily
understood, for canymg the farming class.of this
country to the groves of "Blarney." Now, let me
say to gentlemen who indulge in this sort of thing,
that theie is no class ofinen in this country, whether
considered in reference to their number, their sub-
stance, or their intelligence, ahead of the farming
class, and that theie is no class that can more cor-
rectly discriminate between those who pursue
their substantial good, and those who keep up
an appearance of it only, in promoting and main-
taining a system that annually cariies an expend-
iture of money which comes out of the farmers'
pocket to an excess, without accomplishing any
useful purpose.
I iOolc at the rise in these appropriations ! When
I first ftfrmo to Congress then- was appropriated
annually £300 for this purpose. Aftenvuids the
appi opt latum io.se to si,000. Afteruaids, when
you hdd got this seed buieau in operation, and a
man at the head of it, the appiopriation ran up
to $10,'000. In the last Congress, under pretense
of getting sugar-cane for the purpose of resetting
the fields of Louisiana, we put it up to $75,000; and
now here is a standing appropriation of $00,000.
Gentlemen on that side of the House, and indeed
on all sides of the House, are complaining every
uay of ihccondiuon of the Treasury. When 1 pro-
pose to take tiie snags out of the Mississippi and
the Missouri and the Ohio rivers, I am told of the
condition of the Treasui v, although the returns
of the Government show that more than a mil-
lion's worth of property of the western people is
sunk annually in those matters. And yet you
stand here, and, with smiling faces, spend $60,000
a year for morning-glories and johnny jump-ups 1
[Laughter.]
Sir, if I wanted to do something substantial for
the farming classes, I would select a tract of from
three to five thousand acres from the Government
lands m the fertile west; and I would give $60,000
a year as a fund with which a model farm might
be established under the guidance, not of poli-
ticians, as here in the bureaus of Washington, but
of a class of men selected from the body of the
agricultui ists of the country. If tins $60,000 was
annually expended in tins way,it might result in
some actual good to agnculturists. Think of it,
sir, £60X00 a year is six per cent, on a fund of
$1,000,'J'J0. You can give them such a farm with-
out costing you anything. You may make a res-
enation for agricultural purposes, as you do for
military purposes, out of your public lands. Al-
low $60,000 a year to make experiments on such
a tract, in agriculture and horticulture, and you
will soon find that instead of its'being an annual
drain on the Treasury of $60,000, it wili be a
matter which every agriculturist would be willing
to pay out of his own pocket.
The question was taken on Mr. Greenwood's
amendment and it was rejected.
Mr. TALBOT. Feeling a deep interest in the
agricultural and mechanical interest of the coun-
try,! move to amend by striking out " $60,000"
and inserting " $70,000." If I did not conceive,
Mr. Chairman, that this proposition was an en-
tering wedge against the Patent Office, the great
agricultural and mechanical department of the
Government, I should not open my mouth; but
the speech of my honorable colleague [Mr. Mar-
shall] satisfies me most thoroughly on the sub-
ject. How is it, and why is it? I confess I am
at a loss to know why it is, that whenever we
want men to make up the armies of the country;
we go to the farmers and to the mechanics; when-
ever we want men to make up the navies,of the
country, we go to the farmers and the mechanics;
whenever we want food and raiment, we go to
the farmers and to the mechanics; and whenever
we want men and money, for any purpose what-
ever, we go to the fanners and mechanics. But
whenever money is proposed to be appropriated
for their benefit, we find the most gifted men of
the House rise in their places, and with scorn
and contempt, bring their mighty minds to bear
against the project. Gentlemen endeavor to throw
ridicule on the pioposition to collect statistics and
investigations for promoting agricultuial and rural
economy, by saying that the mon( y is squandered
for cabbage seeds and morning-glories. They, are
not willing to vote to their wives and daughters
even cabbage seeds and morning-glories. IIow
much money does this bill propose to appropriate
for the purpose indicated? Only the pitiful sum
of §60,000. To how many people ? To thirty mil-
lion'people, in thirty-three States. How much
do you think it is to my congressional district?
Only about one hundred and fifty dollars—about
twelve dollars and fifty cents for each county I
represent. And I believe there are at least one
hundred men in each county who would be willing
to pay that sum out of their own pockets every
year for life lather than not pnjoy the benefits to
flow to them from the appropimtion in question.
I am surprised to hear the proposition lrom any
quarter, to strike out this appropriation. But I
am the more astonished that this proposition
should have come from my own State, and from
my honorable colleague, who has the honor to
represent one of the richest and proudest agricul-
tural distucts in that noble Commonwealth. My
honorable colleague is one of the only two delegates
from the State of Kentucky, to the convention of
the great National Agiieultural Association, got-
ten up solely for the purpose of promoting agricul-
ture and the mechanic arts, and yet he is the first
gentleman on this floor to move to strike out this
appropriation. What, sir, is his proposition ? To
reduce the appropriation ? No,sir. To make it
#30,000 ? No, sir. To make it #20,000 3 No, sir.
To make it §10,0005 No, sir; not a solitary dol-
lar does he propose to give to collect statistics,
&c., to promote the great agricultural and mechan-
ical interests of this country; but he brings his
mighty mind ahd his mighty arm to the work,
and with one fell swoop strikes out the appropri-
ation altogether. Sir, Kentucky is one of the
first agricultural States in the Union, and the last
State from which a proposition of this sort should
have emanated, and my honorable colleague, rep-
resenting the great agncultuial interests he does,
is the last man from whom I should have expected
such a proposition.
I am, sir, for retrenchment and reform; but I
am not willing to strike down, first of all, the
gieat agricultural and mechanical department of
the Government.
Mr. KEITT. I rise to oppose the amendment
rather formally than otherwise. My judgment is
against this whole scheme of distributing seeds,
and in favor of the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky. [Mr. M yrsiiall.] Still, I do not
think that anything is to be gamed by prolonging
this discussion. We have had it here every ses-
sion for the last fr/e years, and every member of
the House has made up his mind about it. I do
not legard it as a blow to the agricultural interests.
The question that presents itself to my mind is
