134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
which was not recommended by the President of
the United States.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Or by the Departments.
Mr. LETCHER. I have sent after the docu-
ments, and while they are coming, I will give him,
to begin with, the appropriation of $10,000 to be-
gin the Kansas investigation, and the incidental
expenses growing out of it. Neither the Presi-
dent nor any member of his Cabinet recom-
mended anything of that sort.
Another fact the gentleman will recollect: When
the President sent in his veto upon the river and
harbor bill,there was no gentleman in theHouse
more absolutely shocked at the enormity of such
an outrage upon the part of the President in seek-
ing to control the legislation of the country, than
the gentleman himself. In fact, I never saw the
gentleman, usually so cool, so much excited. He
said there was a revolution going on,- and when
I suggested that it was "bloodless as yet," I
thougnthe wasaboutto make it a personal matter
with mc.
Again, there was the bill appropriating $300,000
for a ship canal at the Southwest Pass. When
the veto came in it was overruled by this House,
and I am inclined to think that my friend, then
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
voted for overruling it, too.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am against vetoes, and
on the occasion referred to a Democratic Senate
and House was with me,
Mr. LETCHER. Then there was an appro-
priation for deepening the St. Clair flats in the
State of Michigan, which the President vetoed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes; and about the same
time he approved another bill of a similar char-
acter for the improvement of a creek down South,
called the "Cape Pear."
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman cannot
change the issue with me now. He asked me
to point to an appropriation of last Congress
which was not recommended by the Administra-
tion, and said that I, us a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, could not meet the
issue successfully. Now, when I meet the issue,
what follows? The gentleman turns round and
says the President did sign some things. Did
not the gentleman vote for those river and harbor
bills?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Nearly all of them, I be-
lieve.
Mr. LETCHER. The amount of those bills
thus vetoed, as handed to me by my friend from
Mississippi, is $785,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My friend is mistaken in
saying that the nver and harbor improvement
was not recommended by the Department.
Mr. LETCHER. AVho recommended it?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Secretary of War, I
believe, sent in the estimates.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 should like to see the
recommendation. According to my recollection,
neither of the improvements was recommended
by the Cabinet. There may have been inquiries
addressed to the Department by individual mem-
bers as to the cost of particular improvements,
and the Department may have furnished the esti-
mates upim application. But as to lccommeiida-
tions, give us the recommendations, and let us
see where they ask the Congress of the United
States to pass such a bill, and apply the money
of the Government m that way.
I might go on and instance other acts passed
over the President's veto, and each of those bills,
though bearing the certificates of the Secretary of
the Senate and the Clerk of the House, to give
them binding force, is destitute of that significant
word " approved.
.Mr. CAMPBELL. I say to the gentleman
again, that every single appropriation that was
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means !
was predicated upon the recommendation of the !
Executive Departments. With regard to the in-
ternal improvement bills, I am not so thoroughly j
hosted, for the gentleman knows full well that we I
pad enough m our own committee room to keep j
us busv; but I do know what I witnessed with 1
my own eyes. I know that these river and liar-1
bor bill* were voted for by the gentleman's own 1
party, in this House. " ]
Mr. LETCHER. Some of them, to be sure, J
were voted for by gentlemen on this side of the I
House. I do not pretend to gainsay that. And j
1 take pleasure ill saying here now, in regard to :
the action of the Ways and Means Committee in
the last Congress, that there was harmony in that
committee, and that when our bills were reported
to the House, they conformed to the estimates;
but they were shingled over afterwards by amend-
ments put on here, by one and by another, that
we could not control. Some were put on here,
but a vast majority were put on in the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman tell
me which party had the power there ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; the Democrats
had the power there.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It had a majority of Dem-
ocrats of two to one, and carried the bills by a
two-thirds vote, over the vetoes. There is an-
other fact in connection with those internal im-
provement bills, which my friend from Virginia
is well advised of, and that is, that every single
one of them, I think, without exception, origin-
ated in the Senate, where his party had a large
majority. And with what kind of consistency,
I ask, can the gentleman now rise upon this floor,
and charge that wo, on this side, are exclusively
responsible for the character of the appropriations
made last Congress? True, Mr. Chairman, we
were disposed to be liberal to the Administration.
I speak for myself. Occupying the important
position of head of the Ways and Means Com-
mittee, I was resolved to make liberal appropria-
tions to the Administration. They were carried
through this House, and I have no regrets on
the subject. And, notwithstanding these river
and harbor bills were vetoed, much to the satis-
faction of the gentleman, I suppose, I feel quite
inclined to congratulate the country that a new
era is about to dawn upon us in regard to that
great question. The President has taken his
stand m recommending this great work of im-
provement for the Pacific coast, and I doubt not,
that if other works of a national character shall be
provided for by Congress—such as the improve-
ment of our sea-board and lake harbors, and the
great natural thoroughfares of the country,—and
the empty Treasury is replenished, it will be the
pleasure of the President to approve them.
Mr. Chairman, I did not rise for the purpose of
making a systematic or ail elaborate speech upon
this great question of finance. Itis a subject, sir,
which has puzzled the brightest intellects and the
greatest statesmen of our country, and the idea
that any one of us could grasp it and discuss it in
all its bearings, in a single hour, seems to me pre-
posterous. I merely rose with a view of indicat-
ing what were my general sentiments in regard to
all the points involved, and to express the hope
that, in view of the condition of the Treasury, the
amendment which I intend to propose, calculated
to replenish it and to strengthen the arms of Amer-
ican industry, may, at the proper time, be adopted
by the House. And I invoke the aid—the espe-
cial aid—of the honorable chairman of the Ways
and Means Committee, and of the delegation from
that great and noble State from which the Presi-
dent hails, which has always delighted to honor
him, whose immediate constituency have a deep
and lasting interest in this question of protection
to labor.
Mr. GROW. I do not propose to trespass long
upon the patience of this committee. The hour
is Irte; but, if itis the wish of the committee, I
will go on now; if not, I will yield for a motion
that the committee rise.
Mr. READY. With the permission of the
gentleman, I move that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Phelps]
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
(No. 4) to authorize the issue of Treasury notes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Air. J. GLANCY JONES. There is a Senate
bill upon the Speaker's table to authorize the issue
of Treasury notes. I ask that it may be taken
up and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
There being no objection, Senate bill (No. 1.1)
to authorize the issue of Treasury notes, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am very anxious
that we should have speedy action on the bill now
pending in the Committee of the Whole, and yet I
have no desire to stifle debate. I will now renew
the motion which I made this morning, to close de-
bate in one hour after the consideration of the bill
shall be again resumed in committee.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to amend the motion so ,
as to extend the time to two hours.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I accept the amend-
ment; and demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will ask the
unanimous consent of the House, in order to save
time.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any debate. The
gentleman himself demanded the previous ques-
tion and it has been seconded.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the consent
of the House to modify my motion so as to make
the limit to debate apply to the Senate bill. I pro-
pose when we go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to-morrow, to move to
take up the Senate bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any debate. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Meana
himself moved the previous question.
The main question was then ordered;and under
its operation, the motion to close debate was
&Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the motion was agreed to, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
LANDS TO ARKANSAS.
Mr. WARTR.EN, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice having been given, introduced a bill
granting lands in alternate sections to the State of
Arkansas, to aid in the construction of the Mis-
sissippi, Ouachita, and Red river railroad; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I objected
to the introduction of that bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair inquired whether
there w«3 any objection. The objection of the
gentleman did not reach the earof the Chair.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The Speaker
asked if there was any objection, and I said I ob-
jected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
objection, and he would have seen the gentleman
if he had risen to object.
Mr. CRAIGE, of' North Carolina. I did not
rise.
The SPEAKER. The rule and practice is that
when a member objects, he mustrise in his place,
so that there can be no misunderstanding about it.
THE DELEGATE FROM UTAH.
Mr. WARREN. I ask leave to introduce a ■
resolution, the object of which is apparent on its
face, and to which I think there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose that at least half
the members of the House have propositions
which they wish to offer by unanimous consent,
and they cannot be accommodated except by ad-
herence to the rule. I insist on the regular order.
Mr. WARREN. I am satisfied that if my
friends across the way will hear the resolution
read, they will make no objection to its introduc-
tion. It is a resolution that ought to have got in
at the commencement of the Congress.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Whereas, it appeals fiom the pioclaiiiatioti of Brisrham
Young, late. Governor of the Tcmforvof Utah, as also from
the messageot the Fiesident of the United States,thatsaid
Territory i« jn open lebeHion against the Government of
the United States- Therefore.
Be it lesolued, That the Uoi innttee on Terntories be in-
structed to report on tfie facrs, and to mqune into the pio-
pnety of e.\e!ii(hni: irom a seat upou this llooi the Delegate
fiom said Territory.
Mr. BANKS objected.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr- SMITH, of Virginia. A resolution has
been sent in here from the Senate, on the subjcct
of ail adjournment. I move that that resolution
be taken up and considered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move a suspen-
sion of the rules.
