1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2245
this: does anybody.deriveanyadvantage from this
expenditure? Are the seeds, scattered through
the country, grown by the Department or by the
farmers?
Mr. TALBOT. I will answer the gentleman.
I believe the State of Kentucky has, within the last
three years, profited'to the amount of $1,000,000
by the distribution of the simple article of wheat.
Mr. KEITT. I am very glad that some good
wheat was distributed to the State of Kentucky.
1 find here that $12,000 is annually paid for sal-
aries. I want to know from what fund these sal-
aries are paid, whether out of this appropriation
or not?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The appropriation
of §fi0,000 is made by Congress directing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to collect these seeds and
distribute them. The estimate shows that to col-
lect these seeds it requires #80,000, which cm-
braces payment for men of skill and taleut to se-
lect them, i
Mr. KEITT. Then the salaries of $12,000 do |
come oat of this £60,000 ? !
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Certainly. ]
Mr. KEITT. So far as my knowledge goes, i
these seeds are usually bought m the city of W ash- ,
ington. * j
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Many of them are
bought in Europe. !
" Mr. KEITT. I have sometimes gone into the .
Patent Office, and been, told that they had not the '
seeds I wanted, hut that they would have tlu-m in '
a day or two. ! do not think that tins matter is .
worth the trouble of going into now. I wish to
hasten the passage of the bill. I am in favorof the ;
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, 1
[Mr. Marshall,] to strike out the whole thing;
but I do not think it is worth wasting lurther time
on it.
Mr. TALBOT withdiew his amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That it shall be the duty of the Commij-Moner
of Patents to submit to the Committee of Accounts ot the
House ot Representative?!, at the commencement of each
sevsion of Congtc&s, tne invoices of seed1? ami cutum^ pu. -
chased with the money heieby appiopridtcil, and aSo a
statement of the expense® in procunng asncultutal statis-
tics, and the incidental expenses in piocunng seed?, cut-
tings, and infoimation.
I am satisfied that this whole appropriation is
entirely unnecessary; but if it has to be made I
think it is important to the country to know how
it is to be expended. The only way to correct
the abuse is to hold the person who has control
of the money to a strict accountability to show
how it has been expended.
My impression is that so far from the Patent
Office bein<r a matter of competition with the seed
stores in Washington,they derive a large amount
of their support from it in the sale of a quantity
of useless seeds. if we send agents to Europe
to buy seeds, I want the accounts of their ex-
penditures exhibited. I want "to know the pre-
cise amount paid out for agricultural statistics and
for any other information. 1 want to know the
precise amount paid for salaries; and I want to
have all in separate items, and to have the account
presented to Congress. If we cannot defeat the
system in any other way, I think we can m this
way show up the abuse of the system, and so
have it broken up.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
modify his amendment so as to let the accounts
be settled at the Treasury Department?
Mr. SEWARD. I accept that modification.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish the gentle-
man would also accept this modification:
Provided "no salaiy or compensation to any person for
services *m collecting or dj-Uibutmg seed*, cuttings. &c.,
shall be paid oat of tins approp.iauon.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to that.
All I want, is to have .a record of the transaction
of the Patent Office connected with the purchase
of these seeds. Here is $60,000 appropriated, and
fro person held accountable for its proper disburse-
ment, cither to the Treasury Department or to
Congress. The seeds that I have had to distrib-
ute since I have been in Congress were not worth
the paper that they were wrapped in. They were
seeds common all over the country. There seems
to be a sort of mania in the Patent Office in favor
of turnip seeds—green and blue and yellow and
black, broad and narrow, and long. The flower
seeds are not worth talking about. I have been ;
really abused by my constituents for sending
them to them. Besides, it is a very great ex-
pense to the Post Office Department, to be send-
ing out these worthless seeds. 1 do not know how
many tons of such matter go annually through
the mails, and have to be paid for out of the Treas-
ury. By stopping this system, we will disbur-
den the mails, and save a large amount of trans-
portation by railroad and stages. I want to have
it broken up, and think the only way to do it is
to hold these gentlemen to a strict accountability.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to say, in reply to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
that very likely there may be blarney in speaking
of snags m the bottom of the Ohio river, and of
old 1,4 sogers," as well as in'speaking of the farm-
ing interest. I am the last man in this House
to blarney farmers, or any other class of men. I
insist that these objections ofgentlcmcn arc against
the abuso of the system, and not against the sys-
tem itself. I know that these seeds are very mveh
valued by the farmers; and 1 insist that we ought
not to strike out this appropriation, and that vc
ought not to lessen it, but that we ought to allow
tins system to go on, and to permit the valuable
seeds to be introduced into the country which are
being introduced under the system. I am sorry
that"! have not time to refer again to the exten-
sions of this Capitol. *
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope wc shall
now enme to a vole.
The amendment to the amendment was agieed
to.
The question thmi recurred on the motion to
strike out the paragraph as amend* d.
Tv]r. COLFAX. I move, pro forme, to increase
the appropriation fiotn ^00,000 to £bD,0iU).
I move the amendment for the purpose of say-
in?; a few words on this ${>0,000 appropriation.
In the remaiks which have b«jun made, no refer-
ence has been made to the fact that thn system
of dis'ributmg seeds by the Patent Gince has
been the means of introducing inio the country a
variety of seeds which are worth far more to
the agricultural interests of the country than the
whole amount of the appropriation for this pur-
pose. I refer, as a single instance, to the Medi-
terranean wheat, which was originally introduced
into this country under the auspices of the Patent
Ofiice. I am familiar with the effect of its intro-
duction into the northern States, and it is well
known that the kind of red wheat known as the
Mediterranean, is much more hardy and the crop
more certain all over the northern States, than
any kind of wheat before sown. It is not, from
Us early ripening, so liable to rust, and the stalk
is so much stronger than the white that it defies
the Hessian fly, unless in seasons when that pest
of the farmer is unusually destructive. I mention
as another instance, that the Patent Office have in-
troduced the Chinese sugar-cane into the country,
by which, although almost universally disci edited
as a humbug at the outset, the people of the north-
ern States, and of all parts of the Union, indeed,
have been able to raise saccharine matter in the
shape of molasses, if not in the shape of sugar
also. I also feel at liberty to state that it is pro-
posed by the Patent Office to introduce into the
country the culture of the tea plant, and that it is
expected that this plant will be introduced into the
whole South, if not also into the middle States.
They are also now introducing the Chinese yam,
the chufa, and other varieties, into the country,
with what success the future of course must de-
termine.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope the gentle-
man from Indiana will allow me to say that we
have five appropriation bills yet to act upon, and
I am very anxious to get through with this bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I will detain the committee
but a moment longer. 1 desire to say, that out
of this very appropriation, two years ago, a sci-
entific man v/3s sent through the whole South to
make investigations in n.'gard to insects which
infest the cotton plant; th< jr peculiar habits and
characteristics, and how they can be destroyed.
I understand, and sincerely trust, that the as-
surances made to me will be verified; that it is
now contemplated by the Patent Office to extend
the system of investigation to the various insects
which infest the wheat crop in the northern States;
and I present this feet as an additional leason why
the appropriation ought to be made. I appeal to
the House, when s® many millions are voted for
far less beneficent objects, that this small appro-
priation, almost the only item, in an entire series
of appropriation bills, whjch relates directly to the
agricultural interests of the country, shall be re-
tained; and if there have been errors heretofore
in distributing seeds which are not novel and rare,
the expression already made upon this subject,
during this debate, will doubtless cause their cor-
rection hereafter. s
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
make a speech upon this subject; but I wish to
call the attention of the House to an item of ex-
penditures for this seed-room for 1856. There is
here the recciptof a man named Sajnuel Perkins,
offifty-fourdollars for watermelons. Now, I sup-
pose these watermelon.^ere purchased in this city
for the purpose of saving the seeds for distribu-
tion.
A Member. What became of the watermel-
ons ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment, offered by Mr. Marshall, of Ken-
tucky,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was not agieed to.
Mr. CLAY. 1 move to amend, by adding the
folio wing:
P,olined, That said seeds and cuttings shall be sent by
ihe Comnn->-u>iiei ot the Patent Office to the presidents of
tbe aifiir-ulfiiral Mk'i^ne* of counties of such States and Tei-
inones which have such societies, and to the clerks of the
county couitb otiiiosc counties which have not such &ocie-
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I merely wish to
remark that J approve of that amendment, which
merely provides for the distiibution by the Com-
missioner of the PatentOffice, insteadof by mem-
bers of Congress, thus relieving them from the
inconvenience of distributing them.
Mr. SEWARD I offer the following proviso
to the amendment:
Piovt'cJ a/so, That it shall be the duty of the (Jommis-
piont'i ot Patents to divide into equal pails ail the seeds
among thp two hundred arid thuiy-four members of the
House of Repi esentatives, the sixtv-tour Senators, and seven
Delegate-* fiom the Terruoiie«, having repaid to quantity
and quality, and shall send the bdrne to the clerks of the
county couits in the -several eounties of each State, pivinsf
to each State its quantity in proportion to the number of
Ilep, e^entan ves and Senatoi s of said State, to be distributed
by said clerks among the people of the several counties
a'foiesaid.
That amendment relieves members from the
trouble of sending seeds to their constituents. It
makes it the duty of the Commissioner ofPatents
to divide the seeds in equal quantities, having re-
gard to qualities; and that he send them to each
State in proportion to their Representatives and
Senators, to the clerk's office in each county, for
them to divide among the people, so that the peo-
ple can have a fair distribution, without in any
way inconveniencing" members of Congress.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. I wish to say, sir,
that 1 entirely agree with the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] that this appropria-
tion by the Government of ^60,000 per annum for
seeds is til wrong, and I am opposed to the action
of this Government in relation to this expendi-
ture. 1 regard it as a great waste of public money.
Nine tenths of the seeds which are procured and
distributed by tins Patent Office department are
collected in our own country. A swarm of Gov-
ernment employes are paid large sums for eating
melons in this city, and selling the seed to the
Pa'ent Office for distribution. Avery large amount
of this $60,000 is annually wasted in taking care
of and distributing these seeds; and what are they
at best? Nine tenths are such as are to be found
at every good farm-house m this country. They
are made up of seed-corn, tomato-seed, Maryland
tobacco-seed, sweet corn, water-melon seeds from
Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Long Island—in other
words, it embraces a class of seeds found at the
door of every good farmer throughout tnejann.
i do nota<rreo with the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Lovejoj.] It is all a humbug. He mis-
takes the character and common sense of the
fat met s if he believes he is to flatter them with
appropriations of that character, len dollars*
annually expended upon the part of each county
agricultural society, would furnish more and bet-
ten-seeds than those wc are now receiving. Read
the names on those seeds, and I venture to say
that haidlyaman in thi.s House can determine
