1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bayard,
Senate.
could not act without the expression of their will;
and had not these people the right to form a con-
stitution, without claiming or attempting to dero-
gate from the authority of Congress, by the or-
ganization of a State government without its
consent.
Believing, therefore, that it was perfectly com-
petent, under the grant of powers to the territorial
government and people of Kansas, contained in
the organic law called the Kansas-Nebraska act,
for the Legislature to ascertain the sense of the
people, and to provide for forming a State con-
stitution , which was to be organized after our con-
sent was given, and considering ali this to be
strictly and perfectly legal, the question arises:
what were their acts, and Jias the will of the peo-
ple been expressed m a manner that authorizes
us to admit Kansas os a State? whether, in other
words, under the lawful authority vested by us in
the Territorial Legislature and people of Kansas,
the Legislature have authorized the people to ex-
press fust their sense that a State ought to be
formed; whether they afterwards authorized dele-
gates to be elected to form that constitution; and
whether that constitution, as it is presented to us,
is the will of the people of Kansas legally ex-
pressed. Ay, sir, and fairly expressed, for if it
is, there can be no objection to lier admission
as a State, unless on the ground that her consti-
tution toleiates slavery.
The first election m the Territory of Kansas
took placc on the 30th of March, 1855. The or-
ganic act vested in the Governor the right to can-
vass the returns, and to give the seats to such
members as, on that canvass, he ascertained were
entitled to them under that law. There could be
no other mode in which the canvass could be made.
The Governor (Reeder) certainly cannot be ac-
cused of any proclivities against Free-Soihsrn.
He has disconnected himself, throughout his ca-
reer m Kansas, with the intentions and wishes
of the Democratic party; he seems to have had
no desire for a peaceful settlement of the Kansas
question, but a disposition, for some purpose—
1 shall not pause to investigate his motives—to
create difficulties, and throw that Territory into
hostile relations to the Government of the United
States. This Governor, to whom the authority
was delegated, gave seats to more than a quorum
of the members of the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, in J855. Some seats were vacated by
him, and he ordered new elections. When the
Legislature assembled, the right of investigation
and decision being vested in them, under the
organic law, they h'icd up their own body.
I am perfectly aware that, on the other side, it
is said, not. that there was fraud in the first elec-
tion—that is not the allegation—but, by an after-
thought, after the Legislature had assembled, it
was charged that the election was carried by an
armed invasion from the State of Missouri. 1
shall not enter into that question. It has been
decided by the Congress of the United States to
be a valid election. It was conducted under all
the forms of law; as 1 believe, rightfully con-
ducted. Itwas ratified by theverdictofthe Amer-
ican people, in the election of 1856, by which the
present President became Chief Magistrate of the
Union. I hold, therefore, that there can be no
shadow of doubt—and I presume Senators on this
side of the Chamber who are opposed to the ad-
mission of Kansas will not now question it—as
to the validity of the Territorial Legislature elected
in March, 1855. If they do not question that, it
would seem difficult for tliein to escape from the
conclusion that the will of the people of Kansas
has been legally expressed to us in their subse- :
quent elections, and that we are bound to take
the constitution presented as the result of that :
legally-expressed will.
After the Legislature was organized, there was 1
a portion of the people of the Territory of Kansas ;
(whether a majority or a minority outside of the ;
legal expression of their will is perfectly immate-
rial) who questioned the validity of the organiza-
tion of the Territorial Legislature, as, indeed, it
was questioned by the party with whom they
acted in concert in this body and in the House of
Representatives of the United States. This mi-
nority, as I believe they were then, whatever they
may be now, assumed a revolutionary attitude—
which I shall I'omment np'.n hereafter-~and re-
fused to vote at any election between the month
of March, 1855, and the month of October, 1857.
I presume it will not be denied that a portion
(on the other side it is alleged that a large major-
ity) of the people of Kansas refused to vote at the
elections held in October, 1856, and June, 1857.
Then what is the rational rule applicable to such
action ? The only principle on which a republican
government can stand is that a majority of the
votes cast shall be held to be a majority of those
entitled to vote, and therefore obligatory; subject,
of course, to inquiry into the legality of the pro-
ceeding by the body to whom the inquiry right-
fully and legally belongs. In elections in the
States, under that rule of order, we constantly
admit elections by plurality alone, and sometimes
pluralities constituting not one third of the whole
number of actual votes cast. A plurality elects
i members of Congress, Governors, and other func-
1 tionaries throughout the Union in most of the
i States. What induces it ? Because it is a neces-
| sary rule of order to prevent convulsion and rev-
i olution. Whether a majority of the people do not
I vote, from indifference or from any other cause,
! restingontheirownvolition,isimmaterial. Those
j who do not vote must be understood, under the
| necessary rule upon which republican govern-
] ments are founded, as consenting that the major-
j ity of those who do vote shall decide for them.
, On no other implication can a government of num-
I bers be preserved. The implication is not that
those who do notvote are satisfied with the action
i of, or would vote in the same way with the ma-
| jority of those who do vote; but it is a prcsumptio
: juris et dejure necessary to the very existence of
; a republican government that those who do not
; vote, having the opportunity to vote, must be
■ considered as assenting that the question to be
! decided shall be decided by the majority of those
| who do vote.
But, Mr. President, it is said that frauds have
, been perpetrated. This may be so. I think it
! not improbable. When you look to the agita-
; tion that took place immediately after the passage
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, the organization
i throughout different parts of the country—1 make
no allusions to particular States—for the purpose
of sending into the Territory of Kansas, not em-
igrants in the natural course of settlement, but
emigrants for the purpose of establishing there an
abolition State, it is not improbable that the people
of the neighboring State of Missouri, bordering
on Kansas, naturally became excited by the dan-
ger of such a population to their own institutions;
and that as there were lands there suitable for
their purpose, they should flock there for the pur-
pose of making a settlement, so as to prevent the
establishment of a government by persons so hos-
tile to the vital interests of Missouri. Under these
circumstances, in a border country, it would be'
idle to suppose that no irregularities, (or frauds,
as they are called,) that no illegal voting should
occur or no violence should be used. J have little
doubt that irregularities, illegal voting, and frauds,
may be charged upon both sides; but as regards
statements taken from newspapers, or testimony
even upon oath, as to specific acts of fraud derived
from partisan sources, I have seen too much in a
forensic hfe of the liability to bias and misstate-
ment in human testimony, under less exciting
causes, to place the slightest reliance upon such
testimony, unless under the most rigid cross-ex-
amination and subjected to the severest scrutiny.
But, sir, the question is not whether there were
frauds or irregularities committed in any election
in the Territory of Kansas, but whether we are
the appropriate body to inquire into allegations
of that kind. Under the principles of the Ne-
braska bill, which meant to vest sovereignty in
the people and Territorial Legislature of Kansas,
Congressintended they shoulddetermine all these
questions for themselves. The very object of the
bill was to withdraw from Congress struggles con-
nected with the exciting passions of the character
which have led to the disoiganization in Kansas.
But, sir, I believe it is a maxim of all philosophy,
that, when you find one sufficient cause for a re-
sult, you ought never to look further. 1 hold that
there is an all-sufficient cause, without reference
to any allegations of fraud, to account for the vote
of the people of Kansas, as expressed in their dif-
ferent election,s ltl the f-^'t that those who were
called the Topeka party by their opponents,
(whether a majority or a minority,) refused to
vote; refused to exercise their elective franchise,
no matter under what pretense. Whether that
refusal resulted from indifference, or whether it re-
sulted from the assumption that their votes would
not effect their purposes, they cannot complain
that, whenever they refused or neglected to exer-
cise their right, others should decide for them.
Does any Senator doubt that, at the election in the
fall of 1856, in which the people of Kansas de-
termined their will was that a State constitution
should be formed; that the election in June, 1857,
when they elected delegates to form a constitu-
tion; or that, at the vote taken for the purpose of
ratifying it under two aspects in which it was pre-
sented, there was abonajide majority of those who
voted, who were in favor of forming a State con-
stitution, of electing the delegates, and of ratify-
ing the constitution, in the manner in which it ia
presented? I presume not. There was, in those
elections, no necessity and no object to induce
frauds. The truth is, that one party voted, and
one party alone; the other declined to vote. This
cause, then, is all-sufficient to account for the
mode of forming and the adoption of the consti-
tution without reference to these profuse allega-
tions of fraud. Wo comc, then, t&the practical
principle, that those who, having the right to vote,
by their own default in refusing to vote, or at-
tempting to vote, are, in reason and justice, not
by any narrow technical rule of estoppel, but on
every principle of order in human government,
estopped to question the decision of those who,
abiding by the law, exercised their rights as voters.
What other principle has been adopted in any
State to ascertain the will of the people ? and oil
what other principle could any election be sanc-
tioned or sustained ? In the great State of Penn-
sylvania, when amendments to her constitution
were submitted to the people of the State, not one
half of those who voted for Governor at the same
time voted on those amendments; yet no one
ever questioned the validity of that vote, and that
a majority of those who did vote settled the ques-
tion. There were, say twenty thousand votes
against one hundred thousand on those amend-
ments, while the actual vote of the State for State
officers was over three hundred thousand; yet a
majority of those who did vote on the constitu-
tional amendments must be, and were, considered
as carrying the assent of all; not that all agreed
with them in opinion, but that all who did not
vote agreed that those who did should decide
the questions submitted. This is an essential rule
from the form of our republican governments, •
and without it no organized government of num-
bers,founded on the principleof self-government,
could be maintained.
I hold, then, sir, that, no matter what the cause,
if the fact be (and I presume it will scarcely be
denied) that a large portion of the people of Kan-
sas, whether a majority or minority is immaterial,
willfully and deliberately refused, on any pre-
tense whatever, to vote at the election which au-
thorized the constitution to be made, and at those
which elected the delegates and ratified the con-
stitution, those who did vote must be considered
as embodying the legally and fairly expressed will
of the people of Kansas, not on technical grounds,
but on tho only grounds upon which the govern-
ment of any State in this Union does or can stand.
I conclude, therefore, both that there was ple-
nary power m the Territorial Legislature to au-
thorize these elections, as the legitimate evidence
of the will of the people of Kansas, and that they
were not merely lawful, but strictly and perfectly
legal; and that the constitution formed under them
does not contemplate a subversion of the territo-
rial government without the consent of Congress.
That when the Legislature had thus authorized
these elections, and the people of the Territory
had voted, the decision of those who did vote must
be held to be the legal expression of the will of
the whole people, which the indifferent, the neg-
ligent, or the factious, are estopped to deny or
question.
But, sir, all these allegations of fraud have, in
fact, no application whatever to these elections.
I have heard no pretense or specification that, at
the election to decide whether Kansas should
foim J^tate constjtnuon, fhti^ were nnv frauds
