184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
committed in the votes taken. Nor has any fraud
been alleged in reference to the election of dele-
gates to the convention which framed the consti-
tution, nor at the election in December last, when
it was ratified. The allegation of frauds relates
to the election subsequently held for members of
the Legislature, under the constitution, in Jan-
uary last. Over that election we have no pre-
tense of authority. We might as well interfere
with the election of Representatives of a State
Legislature; because, if this constitution was
legally formed, and legally expressed the will of
the people, we are under an implied obligation,
under the treaty with Franco, and the principles
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, to admit the State;
and if we admit the State, our admission gives
effect to the constitution from the time of its rat-
ification. Of course the authority of the Legisla-
ture, when it meets, to inquire into the rights of
persons to seats in that body will be the same in
the Slate of Kansas as in any other State of the
Union. The returns were, in the first instance,
to be made to the president of the convention.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade|
objects to that as unauthorized action, on the
ground that the convention could give no such
authority to its president; yet in this famous To-
peka constitution, for which he voted two years
ago, the provision is not only that the chairman
of the executive committee should be the judge
of the returns; but that—
"Until otherwise provided by law, the chairman of the
executive, committee of Kansas Territory shall announce
by proclamation the results o! Uie elections and tlie names
o't tile persons elected to office.
" No person shall be entitled to a seat in the fii^t Gen-
era! Assembly at its organization except the memlM'rs
whose names are contained in the proclamation 01 the
chairman of tlie executive committee ; butultci ihc (Jcncral
Assembly is organized, seats may lie contested m the u*im!
way."
This far exceeds the authority conferred on the
Eresident of the constitutional convention assoilz-
ied at Lecompton,.because he w<is simply to in-
vestigate the returns, and duplicates were lo lie
left in the hands of the judges, and lie was lo cer-
tify the result of the election. The other is a
broad power to the chief of an executive commit-
tee of a revolutionary party, organizing them-
selves as they did, that his proclamation should
be conclusive evidence of the rights of all mem-
bers to seats in the first Legislature, and Lhen that
the matter should lie referred to them. It was not
a power of investigation; it was simply a right of
proclamation—in other words, the chairman of
the executive committee had the right to seat
whom he pleased, according to the Topelta con-
stitution. If such a power could be vested then,
nnd supported by the Republican party in this
body and the House of Representatives, I ask
with what semblance of consistency can that party
now question the authority of Mr. Calhoun? 1
notice this only in passing, not that I suppose any
weight can be attached to such an objection.
I have said there is no allegation oi' fraud as to
any elections which wo should supervise for the
purpose of determining whether Kansas should be
admitted as a State. There are 110 alleged frauds,
110 specifications, 110 scuitillaof proof as to frauds
in the election by which the people of Kansas au-
thorized a convention to he called. There was 110
opposition to the delegates elected to the conven-
tion, because a portion of the people refused ob-
stinately to vote, standing in a rebellious ami n v-
olutionary attitude. There wore 110 frauds in the
ratification election, even if ratification was essen-
tial. The constitution, therefore, comes to us as
the legally-expressed will of that portion of the
voters of Kansas who chose to vote under a per-
fectly legal enactment; and if others did not choose
to vote, of course their assent must be implied,
or the structure of your Government must tall.
Whoever heard 01- contended that frauds, if they
existed, would vitiate an election, unless the re-
sult would have been different if the frauds had
not have taken place ? There is 110 pretense, in
any of these elections, that the result would Intve
been different, fraud or no fraud.
In order to vitiate the election, it must be shown
that the fraudulent or illegal voting has been suf-
ficiently extensive to alter the result; or, at least,
to render it uncertain. But, where frauds have
not existed to such an extent as to prejudice the
rights of bona fide voters and overrule their de-
cision, however worthy of condemnation, they
cannot vitiate the election. If they did, the fraud-
ulent might always defeat any election, and so
disorganize government.
The next question, Mr. President, is whether
it is essential to the validity of this constitution
that it should have been ratified by a vote of the
people of Kansas, and if that be necessary, whether
it has been so ratified ? I cannot doubt that when
the people elect delegates with authority to form
a constitution, they vest in theiridelegates, if there
is no limitation of power in the law under which
they are elected, the absolute and entire sover-
eignty of the State; and those delegates may form
a constitution which will become valid and oblig-
atory without any subsequent action of the peo-
ple; or they may—and, in my judgment, it is safer
and wiser in a republican Government—submit
that constitution to the people for ratification.
I held this doctrine in a convention assembled
in my own State a few years ago, and have been
charged in some papers there, mingled with some-
thing of personal bitterness, and also in papers
here and in Pennsylvania, with action inconsistent
with the opinions I then expressed in advocating
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution. Sir, I have changed no opinion I
then entertained. I claim no exemption from
error incident to humanity, and shall never hesi-
tate, when Ulo changea previous opinion, toavow
the change, and give the reasons which produce it.
In this case I have no admission to make; for I
thought then, and think still, that it is better—that
it is the duty of a convention, for a reason which
I shall state—tu submit the constitution which
they frame to the people. -It is in their discretion.
They have the power to make a constitution which
is as valid without as with submission. Of that
there can be no doubt. To admit the doctrine—
for whic.il the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stu-
art J did seem to lmlf contend—that a constitution
would not be valid unless it was submitted to and
approved by the people, would invalidate the con-
stitutions of all tlie earlier States of the Union.
Sir, 1 was born, and have lived, and live now,
uinlei a constitution which never was submitted to
the people; yet never for a moment have I doubted
its validity and obligation. Perhaps I mightques-
tion the wisdom, the propriety of action and ad-
herence to duty of a delegate to a convention who
refused to submit a constitution framed by him to
his constituents for ratification. Such would not
be my own course, with my present and former
convictions; and for this reason, in forming a con-
stitution founded upon the social compact, the
people at laigc being the basis of power, I think it
wiser, with a view to its permanence and stability,
and inoider to pi event mutability, that it should
be ratified by the vote of the people over whom it
is to exist us the organic law. That is the only
reason. But what light has Congress to control
the mode of forming the constitution of Kansps?
Just what it would have had if the convention in
Delaware, in IN5H, had determined not to submit
the constitution they formed to the people. Your
intei fei euce would be u 11 warrantable in either case.
Of whatconcein is it to thcCongressof the United
Stales whether a convention of delegates who
form a constitution in Delaware, or ally other
State, determine to act finally themselves, or
choose to submit it to their constituents? The re-
sponsibility is there, not here. Of its validity
there can be no doubt; and when Kansas is form-
ing a State constitution, you have as little right to
inquire into the mode in which she pleases to form
it as you have to lnquiie into the mode in which
any other State h.is foinied her constitution. It
is sufficient for Congress that it is republican m
form, and that it represents the will of the people.
Even if Senators or members of the Kansas con-
vcniion would have considered the submission
of the constitution to the people as the rightful
and proper action on the part of that body, we
have no right here to interfere with that question
without an invasion of the rights and duties of
others.
Hut, Mi. Piesident, there is another point con-
nected with this doctrine of submission, and that
is the mode of submission. Submission does not
merely mean submitting the whole constitution
for the purpose of public approval or public dis-
sent. That course may be adopted, and in some
instances, may be preferable; but, in my judg-
ment, the true mode of submitting constitutions
for the ratification of the people is to select the
great principles, the leading provisions on which
the people are known to be divided in opinion,
and thus allow them to ratify those which they
approve, and reject those which they do not. In
this way, you will have in the result the true will
of the State; but in the submission of a constitu-
tion as a whole, even though a majority may rat-
ify it, it may embody manyprovisions which the
same majority, if they had been submitted sep-
arately, would have rejected. The submission,
therefore, should not include mere formal provis-
ions, about which there is no difference of opin-
ion; but the good faith required on the part of the
representative who forms the constitution is that,
having formed an organic law, he should fairly
submit, for the decision of the people, those ques-
tions on which he knows or believes there is
division of sentiment among his constituents.
This seems the true and proper mode of submit-
ting constitutions for ratification, and the only
mode in which submission can correctly ascertain
the will of the people. In my own State we have
had an illustration of the necessity of this rule.
When the last convention met, there were three
great questions to be decided: first, representa-
tion in proportion to population; second, the pre-
payment of taxes as a qualification for voting.
The amendments on both these subjects, I was
decidedly in favor of; but there was a division of
opinion m the State on another question, whether
weshould alterthe existing judicial tenure of good
behavior. To such an alteration I was as de-
cidedly opposed. Can it be supposed that every
man who differed on these questions would not
have preferred that they should be submitted sepa-
rately to the people ? And would not the will of the
people of Delaware have been more truly ascer-
tained by submitting them distinctively, than by
the submission of the amendments as a whole?
Had I remained a member of that convention to
its close, I should have advocated that mode of
submission, because I desired to defeat one pro-
posed amendment, and was equally desirous to
adopt the others.
In reference to this mode of adoption, let me
now consider the present case. According to the
Kansas-Nebraska bill we agree that the people of
Kansas are to form their domestic institutions in
their own way. The organic law by which those
domestic institutions are ultimately to be estab-
lished must certainly be formed in theirown way,
or they have not the control of their own institu-
tions. The material question is, whether the
mode of ratification adopted by the convention did
not submit to the people of Kansas, if they had
chosen to vote, the only question about which
there was difference of opinion among the people,
and submit it fairly? According to ajl that I have
read or heard in reference to the dissentient opin-
ions that exist in Kansas, there is but one ground
on which the people have differed, and which
has formed them into hostile parties; and that is,
whethertheinstitution of slavery should or should
not be established. There is a provision of the
Kansas constitution that free negroes shall not
emigrate into the State. The same provision was
inserted in the Topeka constitution, or in an or-
dinance annexed to it; and whether called an or-
ganic ordinance, or a part of the constitution, is
immaterial. On this question the two parties did
not differ. I know, then, of no dissentient opin-
ions whatever among the people of Kansas as to
the provisions which should exist in their State
constitution, except as to the establishment of the
institution of slavery. There is high and conclu-
sive evidence of this. First, what was the question
submitted ? The Kansas constitution provided for
holding an election on the 21st of December, the
ballot-boxes of which were to be kept by clerks
appointed by the judges; and then that the ballots
cast at said election should be indorsed " consti-
tution with slavery," and " constitution with no
slavery." That is clearly, in the natural import
of the words, a direct submission to the people of
Kansas of the question whether the institution of
slavery shall be prohibited by the organic law of
Kansas, or whether it shall be tolerated by that
organic law. What follows ? If the majority ia
