136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
for the purpose of keeping the history of this great
measure right, and with the hope that it will meet
its consummation by the sanction of this body in
a much shorter period of time than it did in the
House of Representatives. I move to refer the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Tlac motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a memorial of
Alexander J. Atocha, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 28) for his relief. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 1) for the relief of
George P. Marsh, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report; which was ordered
to be printed.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Gainesville, in Arkansas, to
Greenville, m Missouri, and report by bill or otherwise.
CLAIM OF A. AND J. E. KENDALL.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Court of Claims he requested lo return
to the Senate the papers in relation to ihe claim of Amos
and John E. Kendall, rcfejied to that court by an order of
tho Semite of the TOth of July, 1856.
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS ON LAKE ERIE.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communicate to the
Senate what estimates, if any, have been made for the im-
provement of the following hiuhors on Lake Euo, respect-
ively, to vut: Buflalo, Dunkirk, Ei u*, Conneam, Afhtabula,
Grand rivet, Cleveland, Black iiv<M, Vermillion, Sandusky
bay, La Plaiaance bay on river ItaiMn, and Maumee bay.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. J. C. Allen, its Clerk, announced that
tho Speaker of the House of Representatives had
nigned the enrolled joint resolution (H. II, No. 2)
to amend the act entitled " An act to regulate the
compensation of members of Congress, "approved
August 16, 18 5G; which thereupon received the
signature of the Vice President.
COMMITTEE ROOMS.
Mr. G WIN. 1 have been directed by the spe-
cial committee on the Pacific railroad to offer the
following resolution; and I ask for its considera-
tion at this time:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate he authorized
to assign a furnished room in the Capitol extension tor the
bOsaions of the select committee on the Pacific railroad.
I thought the President of the Senate had this
power before. It was so understood yesterday
by the select committee; but I have since ascer-
tained that the authority is not possessed by him.
1 therefore ask that the resolution be acted on
now.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion.
Mr. TVEUSON. I offer an amendment, in the
shape of an additional resolution:
Resolved, That ihe President of the Senate ho authoir/ed
to >tsM n to each staii<Un  committer of the Senate a loom
in the Setune extension of die Capitol, asioouib in the same
may become ready for occupation
I understand it is not now in the competency
of the Presiding Officer to assign theae rooms in
the extension of the Capitol. I want a general
authority of this kind, because some of the rooms
are ready for occupation, and I see no reason for
allowing them to remain idle until all of them
shall bo ready for occupation. I make this mo-
tion especially with reference to the convenience
of tho Committee on Claims, of which I have the
hoRorto be the chairman. They occupy a small
room, which is exceedingly dark and smoky. The
room.assigned to them on the programme that I
have seen passed from hand to mind among Sen- jt
ators, in the extension, is ready for occupation. J'
It has been in the occupancy of one of the soli- '!
citors of the Court of Claims for the past eighteen !j
months or two years. He is ready to surrender j
it at any moment, as there is another room which II
he can occupy; it is, therefore, ready for the Com-
mittee on Claims. I propose, as the rooms are
got ready for occupation, if the committees desire
it, that the President of the Senate may assign
them on amplication.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator's proposition is an
additional resolution to the one 1 offered. I accept
it as an amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to amend the
amendment by providing:
That the Committee on Public Buildings inquire and re-
port to the Senate a plan for assigning the rooms m the addi-
tion to the Capitol appropriated to the use of the Senate.
It seems to me that some plan should be adopted
in relation to appropriating these rooms to the
different committees. As to assigning one to one
committee that may be more importunate than
another, and thus obtaining an advantage over
another committee in the selection of rooms, is far
from anything like a plan, and very far from any-
thing like justice or fairness. I desire thatmy prop-
osition may be considered with a view to having
some plan adopted for making an assignment,
either by lot or selection, or in some way.
Mr. IVERSON. I will accept the Senator's
amendment as a substitute for mine.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well.
Mr. GWIN. The first resolution will stand,
and then the proposition of the Senator from Ver-
mont is to be added.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to the
gentleman's resolution, but I want this addition
put to it.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; that is it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolution with the proposed amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate be authorized
to assign a fmruylic'd room in the Capitol enen-uon for tho
select committee on tin; Pacific Ktihoad ; and that the Com-
mittee on Public Btiiklintts incline ami lepoirrotlie Senate
a plan I'oi assigning tile rooms in the addition to tile Capitol
appropuated to tilt; use of the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I accept the amendment.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Reporting op the debates.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, tho Senate pro-
ceeded to consider tho following resolution, sub-
mitted by him some time since:
Resolved, That tile Joint Committee on Printing inquire
and repoit whether any new provisions of law are liceos-
s.uy to secure a faithful peiformanee on tlie pait of Con-
gre*s of the e\i«tmg eontiaets winch provide for aecuiatc
leports of the debates of the two Houses.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to modify the resolu-
tion by striking out the words "on the part of
Congress."
Tho resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther petitions or reports, the next business in
OVdrr is the resolutions submitted by the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] in regard to
the revision of the rates of duty imposed'by the
act of March 3, 1307.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the mover
of these resolutions that, as I suppose lie wishes
to speak to them, and probably there may be a
debate upon them, it would be better to postpone
them until some day after the holidays.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Very well.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator indicate some
day after the holidays'
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Has the proposition
been passed by the Senate to adjourn to the 4th
of January ?
Mr. HUNTER. We passed such a proposi-
tion, and it is now before the House of Repre-
sentatives. Will the Senator name the 6th of
January?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will agree to the Gth
of January.
The further consideration of the resolutions was
postponed until the Gth of January.
COMMITTEE CLERICS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next business
m order is the resolution offered by the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] yesterday, as to
the employment of clerks by tho standing com-
mittees, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Evans,] to add:
E\cept the Committees on Finance, Claims, and Print-
ing, whose clerks shall leceivo an annual compensation of
each.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In a report which was
made to the Senate at the last session by a special
committee appointed for the purpose, the piivi-
lege of employing a clerk was denied to several
committees besides those named in this resolu-
tion, and made exceptions to it. I do not now
recollect what those exceptions were; but I beg
the Secretary to turn to that report and ascertain.
I should like to move it as an amendment to the
proposition.
Mr. STUART. Those committees have been
discontinued.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not all of them. The
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds was
one, and the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office was another of the committees mentioned
in that report as not needing a clerk. I move
that this resolution be laid on the table for the
present. The Senator from Louisiana, who of-
fered it, is not here.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL COURTS OF INQUIRY.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate tho records ot' proceedings of the fcevoral
naval coutts of inquiry, organized midcr the act of Con-
gress appioved June 16,1857, to amend an act entitled " An
act to piomotc the efficiency of the Navy."
Mr. CRITTENDEN subsequently said: I de-
sire to move a reconsideration of a resolution
adopted on the motion of the Senator from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Slidell,] requesting- the President
to furnish us with copies of the proceedings of
the several naval courts of inquiry which have
been held under the recent act of Congress. I
think it is premature to make that call. 1 shall
have no objection to its being made at the proper
time; but it seems to me to be premature now. I
wish to suspend the operation of the resolution
for the present, for a reason which I will state.
There are a great many rucoids, of course. There
have been over one hundred cases—I do not know
exactly how many; it may be one hundred and
fifty. This call is made on the President to send
all those records here. It does not appear, and
it may not be the case, that the President has had
time to examine them all; and if he is to send
them here previous to examination, it leaves the
whole business in a very awkward and incom-
plete condition. There may be cases of such a
character that the President may choose to send
them back to the courts for revision. There may
be blunders and inaccuracies in the records them-
selves which deserve correction; and for all these
things time and opportunity should be allowed.
It will he time enough for us to have these records
when we are called upon to act on the subject. I
think the adoption of the resolution now is pre-
mature, and may do mischief. I hope it will not
be adopted.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no desire to press the
immediate consideration of my resolution, but i
will slate the reasons which induced me to offer it.
There is a communication now before the Senate,
which will require action in executive session ,and
it possibly may require some time to prepare the
different records. They are voluminous If the
President thinks proper to send the originals here,
no time would be lost. If it should be the pleas-
ure of the Senate not to act on any portion of the
business to which my resolution refers until final
action is had in every case, I have no sort of ob-
jection to the postponement of this resolution; but
I would suggest to the Senator from Kentucky,
that his object can be equally well accomplished
at a subsequent stage of the session, by offering a
resolution calling for all those proceedings not yet
consummated. As I understand from the news-
papers—and they are sometimes not altogether
without authority in matters of this kind—the
President has confirmed the decision of the courts
of inquiry in a number of cases which will require
the action of the Senate. He has also, as I under-
stand, confirmed the action of the courts, where
it has been of an unfavorable character. There
are a great many cases—probably nine tenths of
theni, certainly a very large proportion of them—
where the printing of the record would not be
required. I have reason to believe that there may
be occasion to discuss this matter either here or
elsewhere;, and it appears to me time would be
gained, and no inconveniencc could possibly
