1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 20,
4< privilege," to look behinda constitution fair on
its face,even if you know it be a" whited sep-
ulcher," you will have to welcome Utah into the
Confederacy, as the first fruits of your Lecomp-
ton doctrine of 1858, with Brigliam Young and
Heber C. Kimball in your national Senate, to as-
sist you in applying it to still other Territories
of this Union.
Imagine, sir, George Washington sitting in the
White House, that noble patriot, whose whole
career is a brilliant illustration of honor and pu- I
rity in high places: and who doubts that if such
a constitution as this had been submitted to him
for his sanction, he would have spurned from his
door with contempt and scorn the messenger who
bore it? Or, ask yourself what would have been
the indignant answer of Thomas Jefferson, who
proclaimed as the battle-cry of the Revolution that
great truth enshrined in the Declaration which has
made his name immortal, and which scattered to
the winds the sophistries and technicalities of the
royalists of our land, that " all Governments de-
rive their just powers from the consent of the gov-
erned not the implied consent of enforced sub-
mission,but the actual,undeniable,unquestioned
consent of the freemen who are to bear its bur-
dens and enjoy its blessings. If a messenger had
dared to enter the portals of the White House
when that stern old man of iron will, Andrew
Jackson, of Tennessee, lived within it, and asked
him to give his indorsement and approval, the
sanction of his personal character and official in-
fi uence, to a constitution reeking with fraud, which
its framers were seeking to enforce on a people
who protested and denounced and loathed and
repudiated it, and to go down to history as its
\oluntary advocate and champion, that messen-
ger, I will warrant, would have remembered the
torrent of rebuke with which he would have been
overwhelmed, till the latest hour of his life.
I turn gladly, joyfully, from the consideration
of the extraordinary arguments to which I have
alluded, to a brighter, happier picture, if you will
<->sily allow it to be painted. The President com-
plains that he is tired of Kansas troubles, and de-
fires peace. How easy is it to be obtained ? Not
by forcing, with despotic power and hireling sol-
fliery, a constitution hated and spurned by the
ix'ople upon a Territory that wiil rise in arms J
against it; not by surrendering the power and au- |
thority of an infant State into the hands of a pit- |
iful minority of its citizens, who, by oppressive j
laws, and persistently fraudulent elections, have !
continued to wield the power which a shameless
usurpation originally gave them; but by simply
asking the people of Kansas, under your own
authority, if you insist on rejecting the vote au-
thorized by their Legislature, the simple and yet
essential question, " Do you desire Congress to
ratify the Lecompton constitution, or the new
constitution now being framed?" How easy is
the pathway to peace, when justice is the guide!
how rugged and devious the pathway of error
v. hen wrong lights the road of her followers with
h^r lurid torch, I have endeavored to show.
The people of Kansas, through every possible
avenue which has not been closed by their en-
Kin vers, have remonstrated to you against this
>r".vat wickedness. l>y ten thousand majority at
the polls; by the unanimous protest of their Le-
gislature; by public meetings; by their newspaper
press, and by the voice of their Delegate upon this
floor, overwhelmingly elected less than six months
past, they ask you to repudiate this fraud. Dragged
here, bound hand and foot by a Government office-
holder; who,besidesdrawmghispay as surveyor
general, acts also as president of the Lecompton
convention; who bcoomcs, by its insolent discard-
ing of all your territorial officers, as well as the
people's, the recipient of all the returns, fraudu-
lent as well as genuine, and the canvasser of the
votes—she appeals to you to release her from the
grasp of this despot and dictator, and to let her go
free. In the language of an eloquent and gifted
orator of my own State, I say," When she come*
to us, let it be as a willing bride, and not as a let-
tered and manacled slave."
Mr. ADRAIN obtained the floor.
Mr. SCALES. If the gentleman will yield the
floor I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. ADRAIN. If that be the disposition of
the committee I will yield to the gentleman to sub-
mit that motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I hop,? not. There
are many gentlemen here who wish to address
the committee on this question, and I hope the
committee will not rise.
Several Members. We will speak this even-
ing.
Mr. MORGAN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. If the committee is to continue in ses-
sion I hope it will be the general understanding
that no business will be transacted, so that those
who wish to go may go, and those who wish to
stay may remain.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no quorum pres-
ent, and even if it were proposed, no business
could be done.
Mr. MORGAN. A quorum might be gathered
here.
Mr. FLORENCE. I can say, so far as tins
side is concerned, that there is no purpose on this
side to transact business, if the committee remain
in session. We do things on the square. I think
the gentlemen on the other side may be assured
that nothing will be done.
Mr. SINGLETON. I hope that the under-
standing will be entertained, as many members
desire to be heard, that this debate shall not be
terminated for a day or two longer.
Mr. MORGAN. I only propose that, if the
committee continue in session, there shall be no
business transacted. There is no gentleman here
who is authorized to speak for others.
Mr. FLORENCE. There seems to be a gen-
eral understanding to that effect.
The CHAIRMAN.' The Chair will consider
that it is the understanding of the committee that
no business shall be transacted this evening.
Mr. ADRAIN. Mr. Chairman, the Territory
of Kansas has been the occasion of a long and
deep excitement,and it was fondly hoped, on the
accession of Mr. Buchanan to power, that pcace
and happiness would have been restored to that
much-distracted Territory. It was no doubt his
strong desire, as it was that of every good and
patriotic citizen, that so great an object shook! be
accomplished; and a policy was laid down which
gave assurance that such would be the result. He
selected, as Go\ernor of that Territory, one of
the most able, fearless, patriotic, and experienced
statesmen of the country and the age. Relying
fully on his sound judgment, mtegi ity of purpose,
and strong devotion to the sacred rights of the
people, he sent him forth with such powers and
bearing such instructions as promised every reas-
onable prospect of success. The Hon. Robert J.
Walker, who was thus singled out as best fitted
for this most delicate and responsible position, at
an advanced stage of life, with comparatively fee-
ble health, and at a great sacrifice of all tho com-
forts and endearments of home, set forth on his
most importantand trying mission. He was now
about to accomplish, if he could, what his prede-
cessors in office had failed to effect. And many a
man, with less energy of will, and less love of
country, would have shrunk from the undertak-
ing; but not fearing the result, with honest inten-
tions, and confidently relying on the support and
promises of the Administration, he went forth
into Kansas; and soon, by his wise,peaceful, and
judicious management, restored order and brought
the people into quiet submission to his authority.
He proclaimed to them a great principle—a prin-
ciple not new, but old as the Government itself,
and constituting the very corner-stone on which
: our political institutions rest—that the will of the
| people, the will of the majority, must and shall
j rule—that the people are sovereign, and have the
i ri^ht to form and regulate their domestic institu-
i lions in their own way. And as the Territory was
; preparing to form itself into a State, and be ad-
i mitted ay such in to tin.* glorious Union, he declared
■ that the constitution, trained by the delegates
i chosen for that purpose, should, and of right
; ought to be, submitted to the people for their rat-
i incation or rejection. And, in making this dec-
. laratioii, he was but carry nig out the policy agreed
upon, on his accepting the oriice of Governor, as
fully a;.i)t.u-s by his letter of acceptance and the
, insuuefiojis issued to him. In writing to Mr.
1 Buchanan, he says:
'• I unuftr taruit!ia: you and your Cabinet cordially concur
in tho opinion expressed by me, that the actual bona fide
residents of the Temtorv of Kansas, by a fair and regular
vote, unaffected by fraud or violence. mu?t be peimitted, m
adopting theii State eon-titution, to decide foi themselves
what shall bo their social institution?. This is the gie.it
fundamental prmcipk oft i">eac? < f Congrpsswcanizingr
Territory, affirmed by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and is m accoidance with the view-, ueiformlv ex-
piessed by me tmou^hont my pubhe r.ireer. i eontemplate
a peaochi! solution oi tin-, question by .in nnppal to th<> in-
telligence and pat; ioti«i  o' the people o, Kan >.i^, who -houkl
ail paiucipitc fully and tieeiy m this d'-ci-ioti, and by a
mnjoury of who«e voces the doei-ion mu-t bo made, ru, tho
only and constitutional mode of adju-tinent.
'♦"l will go,then, and endeavor to adjust the-e difficulties,
in the full confidence, as snowrly exploded bv yon, that I
will b'! sustained by nil your own htyh .luthonty, with the
cordial coopeiation of ail jour Cabinet."
And he was instructed, as follows:
" The institutions of Kansas should be established by the
votes of the people of Kansas, unavved and uninterrupted
by force and fiaud.
"• When such a constitution shall be submitted to tho
people of the Tetritoiy.they must be protected in the exer-
cise of their right to vote for or against the instrument, and
the f.tir expression of the popular will must notbe intenupt-
ed by fraud or violence."
But this convention failed to do what Governor
Walker expected, and promised to the people
would be done. The President was disappointed
—the whole country was disappointed—and be-
cause the convention did not do what it ought to
have done, a justly excited feeling of indignation
has been aroused. It submitted to the people of
that Territory but one single question, and that
unfairly, without affording them an opportunity
of deciding any other, or of rejecting the whole
constitution if they pleased. This was not right.
It was in violation of the direct promises of Gov-
ernor Walker—of the clear and emphatic instruc-
tions of Mr. Buchanan; but above all of that great
ria;ht guarantied'to tho people by the Kansasand
Nebraskaact. This act gave them the right of de-
termining not one, but all of their domestic insti-
tutions; it was full and complete, and not limited
to the single question of negro slavery. And al-
though much regretting to take a position not in
accordance with the views of the President, yet
feeling a deep and conscientious conviction that it
rusts on sound principles, I will stand by the right
of popular soveieignty, the wiil of the majouty;
and as the Lecompton constitution does not em-
body or express the will of the majority of tho
people of Kansas, I shall vote agains: her unquali-
fied admission as a State, with such a constitu-
tion, into this Union—-a constitution stamped, aa
I conceive it to be, with gross wrong,injustice, and
fraud, and not the people's choice. How can I
consistently give my sanction to it? If I did, I
could n.ot return to my constituents and face them,
as an honest man and honest Democrat. They
would turn upon me and say, " You proclaimed
to us in your addresses during the presidential
campaign, the popular sovereignty of the people,
the right of the people in Kansas to form and reg-
ulate their domestic institutions in their own way.
We believed you, and elected you to Congress,
and almost the first thing you do is to trample in
the dust the principles you urged upon us with all
! the ability of which you were master; the funda-
: mental principles on which the whole fabric of our
! political institutions rest." Such would be the
I greeting the Democracy and people of my district
! and State would give me. In New Jersey, sir, the
i right of popular sovereignty, the right of self-gov-
| eminent, is strongly and deeply imbedded in the
j hearts and affection of her sons. It is a right
j which they early learned and early fought for; and
j New Jersey's soil is rich with some of the best
! blood of the American Revolution in defense of
, that right. TheplainsofPrinceton, Trenton, and
, Monmouth, all tell of the heroic valor and patri-
I otic devotion of the Jersey Blues. And coming-,
, sir, as I do,from such glorious revolutionary soil,
hallowed by so many blood-dyed battle-fields in
j defense of popular rights and popular liberty, I
; would bo an unworthy son of that small butgal-
■ lant State if I did not raise my voice in defense of
; the same great righra and same priceless liberty.
! _ It shall be now my purpose, as briefly as pos-
i sible. to give the reasons why I object to the
■ present unqualified admission of Kansas with the
' Lecompton constitution.
The Democratic party, sir. is a party of truth,
, and has ever adhered to its principles and pledges,
and this is the reason why it is now m the ascend-
ancy in the country, and guiding the destinies of
- this great and prosperous people. Other political
1 parties have arisen in the land, but their existence
; was brief, for the simple reason that their prin-
; espies were only ephemeral and for a day, and
| not founded on truth and the rights of the people.
1 But not so with the great party to which I claim
