1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2247
employ his time in making an exhibition of them
to such as have leisure to travel about the United
States.
Mr. WHITELEY. I wish to ask that, by-
unanimous consent, the names of the members of
the last Congress who signed the recommendation ;
may be read. i
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I insist that when
debate is closed we may have the vole.
The question was taken; and Mr. Whiteley's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move to increase the ori-
ginal appropriation one dollar. I offer this pro
forma amendment for the purpose of responding
to the inquiry of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, in order. The amendment proposqj by the
gentleman from North Carolina, some'time ago,
would not have effected the object he had in view.
These illustrations which accompany the Patent
Office report are not covered by this appropria-
tion. If gentlemen will take the trouble to exam-
ine this matter, they will find that for the draw-
ings of the machinery of the inventors who have
made applications for patents, the Government
has, for some time, employed draughtsmen to il-
lustrate the machinery alone.
Now, sir, I am familiar with this subject, for
the reason, that before the last Congress they
were in the habit of employing these men in the
Patent Office; then referring them to the Commit-
tee on Printing for certificates of the amount of
work done; then to the Committee of Finance in
the Seriate, and to the Committee on Accounts in
the House, for their pa}'. Upon my motion, this
system was changed, so as to have their compen-
sation estimated for by the Department precisely
like other appropriations, and paid in the same
manner.
This appropriation is founded upon law; and
if it is stricken out the effect will be to prevent the
illustrations accompanying the mechanical part of
the Patent Office report; for it is to provide for
nothing else.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to ask
whether, in the book which wc have ordered to be
printed, reference is not made to these illustrations
in the letter-press >
Mr. NICHOLS. Undoubtedly such reference
is made, and the book will be of no value without
them. The book was prepared by the Patent Of-
fice with especial reference to these illustrations,
and this appropriation is for them alone. It is
not to pay for pictures of squirrels, which gentle-
men have talked so much about. It is confined
exclusively to illustrations of mechanical inven-
tions.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Ohio
will withdraw his amendment, I propose to offer
another.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will withdraw it.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to insert after the
word " drawings," the words " for the mechan-
ical report."
- Mr. NICHOLS. That is right.
Mr. BURNETT. A word of explanation.
Several Members. No objection to it.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand the amendment
meets the approval of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Nichols,] and that it will meet with no ob-
jection. I will, therefore, not trouble the commit-
tee with any remarks upon it. I
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I desire to say ;
that these engravings liave already been executed. ]
The amendment to the amendment was agreed |
to. _ i
The question was on striking out the whole
paragraph as amended, j
The motion to strike out was not agreed to. |
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to strike
the following paragraph from the bill. I will state
to the committee that the appropriation is pro-
vided for in another bill.
The paragraph was read as follows;
" For purchase of the ; Masonic Temple,' m the city of
Boston, for the accommodation of the [Jnued States com ts,
upon the teims agreed on by the Secretaiy of the Interior
and the propnetois thereof,in addition to the sum of $100,000
appropimted by the act of 3d Maieh 1857, foi the erection
of a building for said purpose, tj5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend, after line
one hundred and fifty-six, by adding the follow-
ing;
For protecting the site of the marine hospital at Evans-
vitle, Indiana, lroin the encroachment of the Ohio river,
$7,000.
Mr. Chairman, I will state in explanation of
the amendment that it has always been contem-
plated by the officers of the Government to pave
the bank of the Ohio river, in front of the marine
hospital recently erected at Evansville, Indiana,
to prevent it from being washed away and injur-
ing the building. I have before me estimates
showing that it will cost about seven thousand
dollars. The recent freshet on the Ohio river, and
which has extended very generally to the western
rivers, has washed away about ten feet of the
bank, and it is feared that unless this protection
is afforded it may render the site of the building
unsafe.
1 will state further, that a bar has commenced
to form at the commencement of the bend on
which this building is situated, which will serve
to increase the tendency of the river to wash away
the bank of the river at that point; and the sooner
this grading is done, the better. Any one at all
acquainted with the location must know that the
nature of the bank is such that any building on
it will be strained by the action of the water in
time of a freshet unless it is protected. The city
has commenced grading the bank for the protec-
tion of its own buildings, and this will be but the
extension of the grading whtch the city is carry-
ing 011.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana how far this building is from
the bank ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Some fifty or sixty yards.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
for this reason, among others: the committee,
! yesterday, after full discussion, refused to vote
appropriations for continuing the work on the
i custom-houses and marine hospitals in the vari-
ous parts of the country, the estimates for which
amounted to about one million seven hundred
thousand dollars. These appropriations were to
carry out contracts which have been made under
law. But, in consideration of the condition of the
Treasury, the committee has determined not to
appropriate money for them; and the same rea-
sons will apply with still greater force against this
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana. I
hope the amendment will not be agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move to amend that clause
which makes appropriations for the hospital'for
the insane of the Army and Navy and the Dis-
trict of Columbia, by adding the following:
Provided, That the money herein appiopriated be, and
the same is, expended under the direction of a hoard of trus-
tees, to consist of the Commissioner of Public Buildings, the
Mayors of Washington and Georgetown, and two members
of the levy couit of the county of Washington, to be desig-
nated by said court, and that tile revenue of said mfiiniary,
over and above its expenses, shall beexpended m enlarging
the hcpitai facilities; and further, that the said board of
trustees shall have powerto appoint all medical attendants,
their services to be rendered fiee of charge, the duties of
said attendants to be so distributed by said boaid that they
may alternately be discharged by all members of the Medi-
caf Society of the Disti let of Columbia desiring to do so.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. That amendment provides for in-
dependent legislation, and hence it is improper in
an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move to strike
! out from line one hundred and seventy-thnee to
! one hundred and seventy-six, inclusiveyds fol-
lows:
i <l For annua! repairs of the President's Houte and fmni-
I ture, improvement of gioumU, pincKi-nng trfos and plants
S for garden, and making hot-beds therein, and contingent
expenses incident thereto, $1^,000.''
1 desire to call the attention of the committee to
the unconstitutional mode by which, for a few
years past, we have been increasing the Presi-
dent's salary. I find that, by the appropriation
bill of 1840, Congress appropriated §25,000 for
the annual salary"of the President, and that the
entire amount of the appropriation in that bill for
all other purposes pertaining to the President's
House was $4,165. I find that now, by indirect
legislation, we have increased the President's sal-
i ary from $25,000 to §56,000 per annnm. I have
! in my hands a table, showing appropriations for
the President, and for his house, garden, and
grounds, in 1840 and in 1859. It is as follows:
A table showing appropriations for the President and for his
house, garden, and grounds, in 1840 and. 1859.
1840. 1859.
Salary §25,000 $95,000
Secretary, steward, and messenger...... -4,600
Contingent expenses and stationery...... 750
Puicha&,ing plants for conservatory  1,000
Repairs and furniture, trees atid plants for
garden, and making hot-beds therein*.. 4.165 12,000
Fuel   1,800
Furnace-keeper    600
Lighting President's House, (estimated). 3,000
Laborers and gardeners, (estimated)  4,800
Books for library  250
Dooikeeper and assistant  1,200
Two night watchmen  1,200
$56,200
Indeed, sir, we now supply and pay for all,
or nearly all, the servants about the President's
House except his cook and coachman; and cham-
ber-maid, it he needs one. I am in favor of a
liberal allowance to the President of the United
States. Gentlemen will not find me backward in
providing for the President a good income, but I
desire to do it directly, and not by indirection.
The Constitution of the United States provides
that—
"The Piesident shall, at stated times, receive for hip ser-
vices a compensation which shall neither be increased nor
diminished during the period for which he shall have been
clected; and he shall not receive within that period any
other emolument from the United States or any of them."
The point I make is, that the appropriations
reported here are emoluments to tne President,
for they pay private expenses of the President,
such as pertain to the housekeeping of every gen-
tleman. We pay for nearly all the incidental ex-
penses of the President's mansion, and it is only
necessary for the Committee of Ways and Means
to report an additional item for sundries, to pay
Monsieur Gautier the expenses of the President's
table.
If gentlemen desire to increase the compensa-
tion of the President, let them say so, and report
a bill for that purpose. I am opposed to doing it
in this unconstitutional and indirect mode; I am
opposed to paying all these expenses of the Pres-
ident's House, and still give him an annual com-
pensation of salary.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
from Ohio seems to have a particular hostility to
that presidential'White House; and I take it for
granted because he will never get there himself.
He has referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means as having provided for these appropria-
tions. I wish to say to the gentleman that the
Committee of Ways and Means have not put in
owe dollar except what the law provides for; and,
if the gentleman would change it, he shows his
disregard for law.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to say that
the amount appropriated by this bill for these pur-
poses is larger than it was last year; and last year
was a season of unbounded expenditure.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have not yielded
the floor to the gentleman from Ohio; and, when
I yield to that gentleman, I will signify it to him.
Perhaps the gentleman's offense is,as I have heard
it intimated, that he has not been invited to din-
ner at the White House. [Hisses from the Re-
publican side of the House.] I wish to assure the
gentleman from Ohio that the appropriation in this
clause does not pay for the dinners of the Presi-
dent to members of Congress; so that, if the gen-
tleman is not invited to dinner, I want his con-
science to be at ease by knowing that those who
do get dinners there uo not have them paid for
out of the appropriation bill.
I am sorry, Mr. Chairman, that I am obliged
to respond to a speech of this kind upon an appro-
priation bill. I think it is undignified, and I think
; it is scarcely reputable for any member ofCon-
' gress to rise in his place at this time and object to
an appropriation for draining and fencing about
the presidential mansion, which has been uni-
formly done from the days of the foundation of
the Government. The gentleman objects that the
expenses are increased. What does it concern
the President of the United States if Congress
chooses to put up a fence, or do any other thing
about the presidential mansion ? Is that a reason ^
* This item is for alterations and repairs of the President's j
House.
