1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
March 20.
the peo'ple. Here was a convention which framed
a constitution, not in accordance wi'h the sense
and wishes of the people of Kansas, IrU in direct
opposition to both ;und the Territorial Legislature,
acting as the guardian of the rights and liberty
of the people, passed the law affording to them
the right to say whether (he Leomp'on ennstitu-
t'on was acceptable to them or not, before it was
sent to Congress. If it had no such authority to
pass the law, then the convention was above the
Legislature, the very power which called it into
being. The Legislature was still in existence,
and only ceases its territorial power on the ad-
mission of Kansas as a State into tins Union;
and "its power over the whole subject was as
full and absolute on the 17th day of December,
when the law was enacted providing for the sub-
mission of this constitution to the people at the
election on the 4th of January, as it was on the
19th day ofFebruary,. 1857, when the Legislature
passed the act calling the Lecompton convention
into existence."
If the submission of a constitution to the peo-
ple who are to be bound by it, is founded, as the
President says, on correct principles, and hopes
that the example set by the last Congress requir-
ing that the constitution of Minnesota should be
subject to the approval and ratification of her peo-
ple, may be followed on future occasions, it is an
example which ought to be followed now. We
cannot begin too soon to imitate good examples;
and let us commence at once, and pto\ide in
some way for the people of Kansas to decide upon
their constitution. It is an example which ought
to beset by a Democratic (Jongiuss; and i am
greatly surprised that Air. Buchanan, in opening
his administration, did not throw the weight of
Jiis official position in favor of its immediate ap-
plication to Kansas. And in doing that, he would
have been carrying out the great principle on
which he was elected—that of popular sovereignty
—and been warmly sustained by the great major-
ity of the people. " Do unto othci s as ye would
others should do unto you," is the golden rule,
but little regarded in this degenerate age, and par-
ticularly by politicians. JNow, if I were in Kan-
sas, I would claim the right of voting upon the
constitution, and insist upon it, loo, whr h is
there to bccome the governing law. In New Jet-
oey, sir, but a few years ago, the people detoi m-
ined to make a new constitution in the place of
the old one; and one of the reasons urged lor it
was, that the latter had never been submitted to
the people for their approval or rejection. The
new constitution was submitted to the people,
which they ratified; and it became the supreme
(aw of that State; but it had the stamp of the peo-
ple's will, without which, in that State, it would
have been a dead letter. Having claimed, then,
for myself the right of voting upon that constitu-
tion, 1 cannot refuse to accord the dumo right to
the people of Kansas; and lam but carrying into
practice the golden rule of 44 doing uivo others as
ye would others should do unto you."
And here, Mr. Chairman, I cannot refrain from
expressing my great surprise that the Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Thomson] who addressed
the Senate the other day, should have advocated
the admission of Kansas with the Lecompton con-
stitution. It was this Senator who was greatly
instrumental in having the old constitution ofNew
Jersey abolished, and a new one substituted in its
stead. And, if my memory serves me, he urged
as one of the reasons again&t the old constitution,
that it had never been submitted to the people for
their ratification or rejection. And m ins recent
speech, he says:
" I do most heartily approve of the submission to the peo-
ple of a State of all great questions affecting their interests,
not only their forms of government, but also legislative acts
involving the creation of debt and the faith of the State.55
And yet he would force upon the people of Kan-
sas a constitution which they have condcm ncd, by
a majority of over ten thousand votes against it,
and which he knows does not truly express their
will. Why docs he approve, sir, and "most heart-
ily,"of submitting a constitution to the people > Is
it not because that is the only fair and true way of
ascertaining their sense m regaid to it r It would
nave been, in my opinion, much more consistent
in him if he had declared against the Lecompton
constitution, and insisted upon its submission to
the people of Kansas: and in doing that, he would
have given us the best evidence of what he so
heartily approves. As it is, his sentiments are
one way, and his actions directly opposite. And
he further says, that to reject the Lecompton con-
stitution on the ground of Hs riou-suhimssion to
the people of Kansas, " at this day would be most
cru 1 and unjust." Why, sir, at this day all the
recent State constitutions have been submitted to
the people. Tins is the popular, correct, and Dem-
ocatic principle of the day. And the Senator has
been compelled to admitin his speech, when speak-
ing of the different State constitutions which have
been adopted of late years, that seventeen of them
were submit!' d directly to the people. And yet
the poor people of.Kansas, most of all entitled to
a fair and honest vote upon their constitution, are
not to enjoy that right if it can be prevented; and
to accord it to them, in the opinion of the New
Jersey Senator, " would be most cruel and un-
just." All 1 have to say, sir, is that his notions
of cruelty and injustice are widely different from
my own. I can see nothing either cruel or unjust
in rejecting the Lecompton constitution and per-
mitting the people of Kansas to vote upon it; but
on the contrary, every principle of right, justice,
and humanity demands it.
Dut it is said that the Lecompton constitution
is the legally-expiessed vvi'lof the people of Kan-
fas; that dclegatt s were chosen, who assembled
in convention, and iVannd this constitution; and
that if was not incumbent on that convention to
submit the conslitution to a dueet vote of the
people, as theie was no provision in the legislative
act authorizing the convention, which required it.
Now, it is all tine, there was no such provision;
but the convention did submit one question to the
people, that of slavery—admitting the right of
the people to pass judgment upon that; and if
they had the iii:ht to vote on one question, why
not on all oilu.rs? or, in other wutds, on the
whole conslitution itself?
It is admitted by the President, in his annual
message, that iho delegates to the Lecompton con-
vention had no n%\\tjtntilly to decide the question
of hi j vi y without a direct vote of the people upon
it. He says he never had any doubtabout that.
And why ? Because the true intentand meaning
of the Kansas and Nebsaska act was, that the peo-
ple wei e to be left pei fectly free to form and reg-
ulate then domestic institutions intheirown way.
Now, if domestic in&tnuuouvS mean uioie than
one, and slavery be one of them, and the dele-
gates lo that convention had no right finally to
decide that, neither had they any more right, by
tlie said act. to decide any otherdomesticinstltu-
tion. If they had the right to decide one, then all;
and if not one, (hen not all; for the people were to
be left perfectly free to form and regulate all their
domtsue institutions in their own way. And
this freedom of the people at the ballot-box, or,
in other words, popular sovereignty, the Presi-
dent says is the vital piinciplc of our free institu-
tions,and up 'ii which the whole Democraticpai ty
was coulially unin d duiing the last presidential
campaign—" everywhere remaining" true to the
resolution adopted on a celebrated occasion, rec-
ognizing "the right of the people of the Terri-
tories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and fairly expressed will of
a majority of aciual residents, and, whenever the
number of their inhabitants justifies it, to form a
constitution, w ith oi w about slavci y, and be ad-
mitted into the Union upon terms of pei fect equal-
ity with the other .States." Now, according to
i tins resolution, which the President admits om-
! bodies the great cio<-E.ri;ie of popular sovereignty,
the people weie to fonu—what? Why, a consti-
tution, with orwitliuiu slavery, it is true; but the
chief and important thing was the constitution—
slavery a mere incident. Now, suppose m this
resolution nothing had been said about slavery,
but simply to form a constitution: would it not
embody the gieat doctrmeof ponular sovereignty
—the right of the people to vote upon that con-
stitution? flow does the mere question of sla-
very affect that right? The President, in his an-
nual message, refers to this resolution, as proof
to show that the delegates to the Lecompton con-
vention had no right finally to decide the question
of slavery and to withhold it from the people, and
substitute then-own will for that of aiegaily-ascer-
tained majority of all their constituents; and if it
proves that, n also proves that the delegates had
no more right to substitute their will fof that of
the people, and llna'hj to decide any other provis-
ion; but that the whole constitution itself was to
be submitted to the people.
If, then, this convention, in the opinion of the
President, had no r.ghtjfoia/ty to decide I lie ques-
tion of slavery, and, as i have shown, had no
more right finally to decide any other provision of
the constitution, and substitute its wiil for thn* of
the people, then it necessawly follows that this
constitution is not the art and deed of the people
of Kansas, and ve are bound to reject it.
The position taken that the people had no right
to vote upon the whole constitution unless the
convention saw fit to give them that right, is one
which places the convention above and beyond
the very power which called U into beni2\ It is
making the delegates tn thatconVention,who were
mere agents of the people, their masteis; and the
poor p. ople are absolutely bound by their acts,
right or wrong, good or bad. The delegates to
that convention did not carry with them a law-
making power absolutely binding, without the
sanction of the people, and against their will. The
constitution of a State is the supreme law, and its
organic form of government; and, as all free gov-
ernment derives its power from the consent of the
governed, how can it be authentically ascertained
whether the people of Kansas approve of the Le-
compton constitution without a vole upon it? It
is not my purpose to waste time upon the nv s e ab-
stract question of delegated and sovereign power;
upon iiow much and what power the people may
delegate, and what retain as an inherent right.
The far more important and practical one is,
whether the delegates who framed the Lecomp-
ton constitution fu'ly and fairly represented the
will of the great body of the people of Kansas ?
If there is any man living who ought to know
the real facts in regard to that convention it is
Governor Walker. And I would here beg leave
to read a portion of his able letter to the Presi-
dent, resigning his position as Governor, which
discloses facts which ought to be conclusive on
this subject. He says:
"That convention had vital not technical defect* in the
veiy .-ub-tunre ot it- oigamzation tinder the temiorial law,
which could only be cuied, in myjudgment, a- -er forth ui
my mausrural and oil)or uddt esj-es, b\ tin; f-ubuiissjo/i of the
constitution for iatiiic.ttion or rejection bv the people. On
refeience to the temtoiial law under winch the conven-
tion was assembled, thnty-lour regularly oigamzed comities
were named as election di-tncn Ibi delegate?. to (ho con-
vention. In each and all o« the.se coun:te->, it w.i^ icqnned
by law that a eensu-"should bo taken and tlie voteis iceis-
teted; and when ihi> was completed, tlie delegate* to the
convention should be appnitioneu accordingly. In nineteen
or i'i ' ' counties theie u\i- no cen^n- and theieibie there
could h • no such apportionment there ot deles itcs based
upon h ecn-Mj-i. And in fifteen of tbe*e eonmies t!iei<*
wiw no registry of voters. Thc>e futeen counties, me'mhng
many of t lie oldest oitranized conn ties of tlie Tcmtoiy. were
entncly di-h audited. and did not sjiu1. and (by no fault of
their own) could not snve a sohtaiy vote for delegate.* to the
convention. This lestilt was '«upctinuu<fed hv the tact, that
tneTciutoiia! Legiskmue appointed all tneshenlTaand pio-
bnte judges in ail the.-e co.niiien, to whom v\,is usHgned the
duty bv law ot making mis cimi-ib and regisny. These offi-
cers were political paiti.-aus dissenting liom tlie view.- and
opinions of the people ot then* counties, as piovcd by the
election in Oolobci la-t. Tlie.-e officer?, fioni want ofiuiuU,
as they allelic, negiccied or ictused to take any census or
make any legistiv in the->e counties, and therefore they were
entnely de-iiaucheed, and could not, and did not, give a
Mtiglft vote .it the election for delegates to the constuute'iial
convention. And here i wish to call atteniion to the direc-
tion, which will appear m mymauguial addres-.,m infer-
ence to those counties where the vote is were f.uily j. .r.s-
te.cd and d:d not vote. In such counties, when- a lull and
tree opponumfy was given to register and vote, and they
did not choo*c to oveieiso that privileg". the question is
verj diileiefit from tlmsu counties where mere was no ecu-
isiia or registry, and no vote was given, oi could be given,
howevei anxious the people imsbt he to participate "m ♦!)«
election of delegates to the convention. Noi could n he &aid
thc.«e counties acfjuie?ccd; t'oi whenever they eudeavo.ed,
by a i-iib^equeiit census or ic^isfiy of their own to supply
this dciW't occasioned by the pievious neglect ol the
tonal otfieeis, the delegates tnub chosen were lejectcd by
the convention.
" 1 lepuat, that in nineteen counties out of thuty-four,
theie was, no census. In fifteen counties out of tiluiY-four
there was no region v, and not a soliiaiy vote wa- iiven. or
could be given, tor delegates to the convention m atij one
of these counU"s. ^ne ly. th"n, it cannot be &aid that «ncli
a convention, ehoocn •*; s^rcclv more than one tenth of the
present vote is of Kansas, tepresented the people of that
Tcnifory, and could lajhtfully impose a ^onstuuiion upon
ihnm vvitiiout their consent. These nineteen counties, m
winch there was no cn^u?, constituted a t/itjorxty of tlie
counties ot the Ternrruv; and these fifteen e.MntiCi" in
which tneie was no le^ny gave a much !aigjr vote at the
October election, even with the six moMh.s" <|ualtiicauon,
than the whole vote given to the delegates who sagnwl the
Lecompton constitution on the 7th November last. If, then,
fcoveimnty can be delegated.and conventions, as such.cue
soveieign, whieh I dem . f-urely it mutt be only in such ea^es
as when such conventions aieehoson by the people, winch
we have seen wa? pot the case as i ogards the late Lecomp-
