2248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
for an assault to be made upon the Executive ? I
am sorry that he has not more manliness. [Hisses
from the Republican side of the House.]
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. ' I do not yield. I
want to say what I have to say now. [Cries of
" Order!" on the Republican side of the House.]
Mr. PALMER. X rise to a question of order.
Mr. J. GLANCY J03HES. I do not want these
interruptions taken out of my time. I just want
to say, once for all, while I will never flinch from
meeting gentleman upon the opposite side of this
House, here or in tne.country, upon any ques-
tion, I will never shrink from defending; an Ex-
ecutive, whom I believe to be one of the purest
men who ever presided over this country. [Laugh-
ter from the Republican side of the House.] That
is the answer of the Black Republicans—-a horse
laugh. [Renewed laughter on the same side.]
That is all the answer they have. Now, sir, I am
glad to hear that your answer is a laugh, [laugh-
ter 011 the same side of the House,] because you
have no other argument. I hope gentlemen upon
the other side will not find fault with me, if, in
consequence of the timmphs of this Administra-
tion [laughter upon the Republican side of the
House] during tins sessi'on of Congress they aie
reduced to the position of having nothing to do
but to laugh.
I leave it to the House to say whether, during
the whole session, I have made a single political
allusion. 1 have kept my mouth closed; but when
I see members on that side of the House make
objections, with an insinuation that we are increas-
ing a salary which was given to George Wash-
ington for necessary expenses sixty-seven years
ago, by doing what Congress has been doing for
years, not for the President's benefit, but lor their
own comfort, I cannot remain silent. These ap-
propriations are not for the President; they are for
Sou. For whom is that house and those grounds?
"ot for the President, but for you.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to modify
my amendment by moving that the $4,000 shall
not be expended for making hot-beds.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
has offered an amendment, "What has become
of it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman has no right to antend his own
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I can withdraw my
amendment, and increase the amount to $5,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 object.
Mr. SHERMAN", of Ohio. I will withdraw
my amendment if I am at liberty to mow another,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I object to any
conditions.
Mr. GROW. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing it to $1,000. It is a rather sin-
gular spectacle, Mr. Chairman, when a gentleman
rises on this floor to opposeanappropriation, and
to give the reasons why a certain amount of money
should not be expended, to see the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means rise here, and
attempt to answer the objection by claiming it as
out of character for a member to question the
action of the Committee of Ways and Means on
the salary given to any officer of this Government;
and that he should answer the objection by drag-
ging in the dinner parties of the President, and
attempting to pronounce an eulogium upon his
private character. It is a new spectacle, when an
appropriation bill is brought into the House, that
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who reports it, should have no better ar-
gument to give than that. We have often, this
session, heard the motives of gentlemen arraigned
for opposing appropriations here; and we have
seen,"when a member rises on this floor, and asks
an investigation into the acts of oificeis of the
Government, abuse pouied back upon him per-
sonally for doing what he has a right to do under
the Constitution of the country; for doing that
which every man is bound to do, if he believes
that the act of any officer of the Government was
not in accordance with law; and for demanding an
investigation. If the act has been in accordance
with law, no harm can be done by the investigation.
But we have seen, from the beginning of the
session, attempts made to arraign men's motives,
and members have undertaken to read them lec-
tures on propriety and legislative conduct, instead
of answering their objections.
When the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
proposed to inquire whether the President re-
ceived a greater salary than is allowed by law, it
was the auty of the man having charge of these
appropriations to show that he did not receive a
larger salary, and not to charge that it was unbe-
coming a member to raise that question here; not
to hold that the Committee of Ways and Means
cannot-be questioned in their acts, or that the sal-
ary of the President of the United States can be
enlarged by indirect means. Especially is it im-
proper that such an argument should be used, as
the reason why this side of the House would not
vote to enlarge the salary of the President was
because we had not been invited to his dinner par-
ties. It is beneath sound argument for the appro-
priation of money anywhere, and is unbecoming
a legislative body.
Why should men. have lectures read to them
on the propriety of their proceedings when they
are onlydoing what they have a right to do? We
stand not here to have lectures read to us about
propriety whenever we oppose appropriations, or
propose to inquire into the conduct of any officer
of the Government. It is not becoming any le-
gislative body that its members should be lectured
on the propriety of their conduct, instead of hav-
ing their arguments answered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I dislike to interrupt the
gentleman, f have no participation on either side
of this question; but I must rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the gentlemen from Pennsylvania, as well on the
right as on the ieft, are out of order; and will rule
them out of order.
Mr. GROW. I was only answering my col-
league—but it was the duty of the Chair to rule
him out of order before.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and will give my reasons for it. I am op-
posed to limiting the President to the expenditure
of $1,000, for this simple reason: that in 1840,
$4,000 was deemed sufficient for all the contingent
expenses connected with the executive department,
lam willing now to give what we gave in 1840. j
Prior to that time no greater sum was given cx- !
ccpt for some specific purpose. I am glad that I
have waked up the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, because I hope that he will
now progress with his business. In respect to his
imputations on me, or on my motives, any man
who knows me knows that they arc utteily un-
founded. 1 did not seek to attack the President.
I did not seek to drag; his private matters in here
at all, and I scorn the imputation. "His imputa-
tion in regard to a dinner pai ty at the Piesident's
House is beneath the dignity of agentjeman.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Will the gentleman
allow me to answer him here?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. No, sir, I will not
yield.
Mr. .T. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman is
afraid to.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will confine
myself to the rules of order, i am opposed to
that provision in the appropriation bill for this
reason, that t do not want this House to do in-
directly what it cannot do directly. We have
no power to increase the salary of the President
of the United States. Congress has no power to
do it. The Constitution has wisely withheld from
us all power on the subject.
Now, during the last year there was appropri-
ated for tins purpose about eleven thousand dol-
lars. This year they ask us for $12,000, so that
i the increasais about one thousand dollars a year,
i In thus aVfmg the Constitution of the United States
' is violated. I sumd by the Constitution, and by
J the law, and I caie nothing for the imputations
. either of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, or
1 any other man. They never deter me or shake
1 me in the least.
| Now, I wish to appropriate for the repairs of
, the President's House, §4,000—not $1,000, but
1 $4,000. 1 do not want this money to he expended
j for the ordinary current expenses of the Presi-
j dent's household. I would not have a dollar of
| it spent for making hot-beds, or conservatories,
I or anything of that kind. If the Piesident's sal-
i ary is not large enough—-and 1 think itis not,and
! I said so in the opening of my remarks—increase
. it. If $25,000 is not enough, let us give to all
future Presidents $50,000, if you choose; but do
not do indirectly what you cannot do directly.
But when the agent and friend of the President
comes here, and in his place in the House arraigns
my motives, I hurl back upon him and upon the
President his charges. J,t?s an independent mem-
ber on this floor, am freer than he or the Pres-
ident. I care nothing for him, or for his exec-
utive officers. I have too good sense, I hope,
to impugn his motives. I said nothing against
him—nothing about him; and I did not draginto
this Hall anything relating to the personal affairs
of the President, but acted merely in the perform-
ance of my constitutional duty, which is as high
as that of the President of the United States. I
will perform my duty fearlessly; and when impu-
tations are made upon me, as they have been
made, l*fcepel them with scorn. It only shows
the truth of the very general remark that has been
made since the beginning of this session, that the
gentleman who occupies the position of chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means cannot
perform the duties of that position with the ability
and courtesy which it requires.
[Ileic the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROW withdrew his amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to strike out the en-
acting clause of the bill. It is too late in the ses-
sion to indulge in angry debate.
[Cries of "No ! No!" and "Let us vote."]
Air. ENGLISH. 1 am willing to withdraw it
if the committee will go on with the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the clause
under consideration by striking out "eight" and
inserting "seven," for the purpose of making an
explanation at this point. I desire to call the
attention of the committee to the time at which
these appropriations commenced and for whose
benefit they were commenced, and to show that
they have been regularly continuedfromthat time
to tins, without reference to any occupant of the
presidential mansion. All these recommenda-
tions come, not from the President of the United
States, but fiom the officer who is in charge of the
public buildings and grounds belonging to the
Government. These appropriations were intro-
duced, if my recollection is not at fault, in the
first Congress in which I served as a member here,
i when Mr. Fillmore was President of the United
. States, and they have been continued from that
: time to this. •
| So far as this appropriation for the garden is
] concerned, gentlemen will recollect that when the
| Treasury building was extended, the garden of
j the Piesident was destroyed by that extension;
; and m order to give him ground for a garden, it
I had to be made at the other end of the public
grounds beyond the Piesident's House. Now,
: with all that the President had no connection, in
■ any way whatever. He has no idea now, I ap-
' prehend, unless he has read the report of -the Com-
: missioner of Public Buildings, of any of the rec-
K ornmondat ions contained in it, or of any provisions
of law in regard to this subject.
h I have made this motion for the purpose of
! making this explanation, in order that it may go
! i to the country, and that it may be seen that those
\\ appropriations arc in conformity with law; that
jj they were begun a number of years ago; and that
| they are absolutely indispensable in consequence
j, ofihe action of Congress, in erecting public build-
i ings upon the grounds around the President's
!■ House. I now withdraw my amendment,
ji Mr. STANTON. I move to strike out the fol-
!l lowing clause:
I) " Foi luci, m part, of the President's House, §1,800."
'! Mr. Chairman, I have no personal or political
reference to the President m the motion that I
,i make, or in what I intend to say about it. But I
j; do intend to say that, in my judgment, this indi-
i reet mode of increasing the compensation of pub-
! lie officers is exceedingly objectionable, exceed-
! ingly liable to abuse, and ought not to be pursued,
j Here is an appropriation for fuel for the Presi-
; dent's House. Now, the question for Congress
! i is as to whether the proper mode of compensating
;■ the President 3S to give him an aggregate sum and
let him pay the expenses of his own household
'! out of his salary, or whether it is proper to go
!' into details, and make an appropriation for fuel,
|) and another for his table, and another for his
wardrobe, and another for his servants—going
