1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2249
into all the details of his household expenses—
and then make his compensation an entirely dif-
ferent matter.
I submit that there is good sense in the consti-
tutional construction which my colleague [Mr.
Sherman] contends for, that all these appropria-
tions for meeting the current family expenses of
the President are additions to his compensation
not within the meaning of the constitutional pro-
vision, and that the proper mode of fixing his
compensation is to give him an aggregate com-
pensation, and let him pay his household ex-
penses as other gentlemen do. That is what it
ought to be. It is simply a question in regard to
whatjs the proper mode of meeting the private
expenses of the.President—whether in the form
of compensation, or whether we will go into de-
tails. 1 ask for a vote upon my proposition.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I oppose tire amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio; and I propose
to give him just such an answer as I always have
to give when I think a covert assault is not in-
tended. In response to the other member from
Ohio, I may have been in error, but I am informed
that a few days ago he offered a resolution to di-
rect the Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest members at
the President's Hc-use.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I call the gentleman to
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania must confine his remarks to thependnig
question.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will do so, sir.
The gentleman from Ohio has made some remarks
abouttheseappropnations in which I concur. But
I desire to state how this matter has originated.
The payment of the President commenced in this
way: Washington said that he would take no
compensation, but would keep a regular account
of his expenses for the Government, and the Gov-
ernment might pay him in that manner; but the
compensation was ultimately fixed at $25,000 a
year. It has not been for the President nor for
his accommodation, more than it has been for that
of members of Congress, or for any of the officers
of the Government. Prior to heating the White
House with heated air, the President paid his
own expenses for fuel. Prior to the introduction
of gas the President paid for his own candles.
But when Congress, by a law over which he had
no control, made provision for putting into the
White House heating apparatus for heating the
house with heated air, it was unreasonable to re-
quire the President to incur the expense necessa-
ry for keeping up the furnace; and when Con-
gress provided for introducing gas into the East
Room and into every room in the house which
■was for their own accommodation, and for the ac-
commodation of strangers, and not for the accom-
modation of the President, it was unreasonable to
impose upon him obligations to incur the addi-
tional expense for lights.which were provided for
the accommodation of the public and not for his
own accommodation.
The question was taken upon Mr. Stanton's
motion to strike out; and it was not agreed to—
ayes 76, noes 78.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to move
to amend the following item in the bill, by increas-
ing the appropriation from $33,000 to §43,000:
" For lighting Hip President's TTonsr rind Capitol, the pub-
lic grounds around them and around tile executive offices,
aiufPennsylvania avenue, and Budge anu Ili'iii streets m
Geoigctown, §33,000.''
The object is to provide s;as for lighting the
extension of the Capitol. The estimate was not
received by the Committee of Ways and Means
untii.after the bill had been repprted and printed,
which is the reason why it was not originally put
there.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
the necessity of this appropriation ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
will find a full explanation 111 the following letters
upon the subject, which I send to the Cleik's desk,
and ask to have read.
The letters were read, as follows;
Treasury Dctartment, March 13, 1858.
Sir : t transmit herew uh d communication from the Sec-
retcuv of' the Iiit^uoi reqtie-tin? an appropriation ol Jorty-
tni'co thousand dollar? 13,(J00) in huu ol thn ty thiee thou-
sand dollars, (.$3:3,000,) the amount named m Hip e.-tnnates
heretoiuie submitted as the sum requned '■ lor lighting the
resident's House and Capitol." &c.,foi the fiscal yeai end-
ing June 30,1859, and for the same objects to supply a defi-
ciency m the appropriation for the present fiscal year the
sum of five thousand dollars, ($3,000.)
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
HOWELL COBB, Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. James L. Orr, Speaker of House of Representatives.
Department of the Interior,
Washington, March 11,1858.
Sir : For reasons assigned in the inclosed copy of a letter
from the Commissioner of Public Buildings to this Depart-
ment, dated thf 2oth ultimo, I have the honor to request
that the following estimates of appropriations may be sub-
mitted to Congress, to wit:
" For lighting the President's House and Capitol, the pub-
lic grounds around them and around the executive offices,
Pennsylvania avenue, and Bridge and High streets, m
Georgetown, §43,000, in lieu of $33,000, the amount named
on page 46 ol the e&tiifiates lieretoioie submitted, as the
sutn required for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
18.59, nnd for the same objects to supply a deficiency 111 the
appiopriation for the present fi&edi-yeur, $5,000."
With great resppct. your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary of the Interior.
Hon. Howell Cobb, Secretary of the Treasury.
Office of Commissioner of Public Bpildings,
February 26,1858.
Sir: I have received a letter from Joseph F. Brown,
Secietary of the Washington Gas Light Company, stating
that he had presented to Captain Meigs bills for con-
sumed in the Capitol extension for the months ot December
and January last, amounting to $1,450 75, of which sum
Captain Mugs is only willing to pay $650, leaving a balaucc
of ,$790 75, which the company expects me to pay.
The appioptiation foi the cuirent ycai was made 111 the
fall of 1806, when there was not any prospect of the ex-
tension being icady for occupancy for legislative purposes :
and, therefore, the cost of lighting that portion ol the build-
ing was not include'] in the estimate, and for the same rea-
son it was not included in the estimate for the next fhcal
year. T cannot, of eouise, pay out of the piesent appropn-
anon, the biil lor lighting the extension, as T should not be
able to continue the lighting 01 the Capitol, ['resident's
house, Pennfvlvdnin avt-mic. &.e., which alone w<ne con-
templated in the appiopuauon. I have 110 data upon which
to make a reliable estimate of the cost of lighting the two
UAteilMOliS.
I am informed that .there aie twelve hundred and sixty
burners, besides fouiteen or fiiteen thousands jeH above the
gla>s ceiling m the new lippie&entauves Hall. These jets
aie merely used to i«nite the burneis, and are then shut oft'.
The twelve hunched arid sixty burners will average eight
feet of gas per lioui each; 01 a total of tea thousand and
ejtihly cubic leet perlioui, at a cost of ,$35 10. In addition,
all* the offices, hails, passages, committee-rooms, &c., are.
profusely supplied with gas-burners, and of course will con-
sume an enormous quantity of gas. The gas consumed
la&tiuonth 111 tho old Capitol, Piesident's House, Prebidenl's
square, Lafayette squaie, and fioni the navy yard to
Geotgetown, on Pennsylvania avenue, amounted, all told,
to .978 12. Dunns the same peuod, I am mtbimed, the
gas consumed iu the "Capitol extension alone amounted to
$1,000.
If you deteimme that I should$fcay for lighting the ex-
tension, I respectfully suggest that you ask lor an appropri-
ation of $5,000 additional for the current vear, and $10,000
additional for the year ending June 30, 1859.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN 13. BLAKE, Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Sccretai y of the Interior.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. GOODE. I have an amendment which I
offer, to come in directly after that just adopted.
I move to add the following:
For electing thirty additional lamp-post-; m Bridge and
High streets, Georgetown, the sum of &dlO.
I will say that, during the last Congress, an
appropriation was made for extending the light-
ing of Pennsylvania avenue to Bridge and High
streets, in Georgetown. The appropriation was
extended under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings; but was not sufficient
to finish the work. I am informed that there arp^
thirty lamp-posts yet to be erected, and that the
cost will be $810. I hope the amendment,wi]l
meet the concurrence of the House. W/
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by adding after the
one hundred and eighty-fifth line-the following:
For the purchase of books ordered for new inembers of
the House of Representatives pnot to the Thuty-Fouith
('ongiess, the sum of $3.1)13 35, which sum has heretofore
been appropriated, and levelled to the Tioa&uiy on the 30th
ot June, 1656.
| Mr. J. CLANCY JONES. I think that amend-
ment is not in order. It is not authorized by ex-
'istmglaw.
I Mr. COX. Before the Chair decides the ques-
tion of order, I ask him to hear an explanation
j 0f it—what the Clerk of the House says upon the
! subject, showing that the appropriation asked for
is ill accordance with law.
The letter of the Clfik was read, as follows:
Oiiim House of itr nid.st«ivlj IIvittd States,
Afcey 18. Itui.
' Sir : In reply to your inquiry relative to book* due Hon.
1 Jonathan Tavior. as a member ol the House of Represent-
atives of the United States, T have to say that fhere are no
books on hand nor money out of which they can be pur-
chased.
I have asked, through the Committee of Ways and Means,
for the reappropriation of (about) five thousand dollars
which has reverted to the surplus fund, for the purpose
of supplying the few cases like that of Mr. Taylor, which
remain unsatisfied.
Very respectfully, J. C. ALLEN",
Clerk House of Representatives, United States.
Hon. S. S. Cox, House of Representatives.
Mr. COX. The object o'f the inquiry to which
the Clerk responded, was to furnish books hereto-
fore ordered to members of Congress prior to the
Thirty-Fourth Congress. The sum of $5,013 35
was heretofore appropriated for this purpose—to
furnish bool<s heretofore ordered to members of
Congress prior to the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
My^jucstion of order is that this would repeal a
law which is now upon the statute-book providing
that no appropriation of money shall be made to
purchase books for members, unless the amount
is deducted from the regular salaries of the mem-
bers. What the gentleman from Ohio proposes
is independent legislation, and is not in order irk
this bill.
Mr. COX. Thegentleman does not understand
my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that as the amendment does not affect members of
this Congress, and as he understands that a reso-
lution of u former Congress authorized books to
be furnished to these members, the Chair is of
opinion that it is in order.
Mr. COX. The amount that I state was re-
paid into the Treasury by a mistake of the Clerk
of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order upon another ground than that stated by
the gentleman from Kentucky. It seems, from
the statement of the gentleman from Ohio, that
there was an appropiiation to provide for the pur-
chase of these books, which has lapsed into the
Treasury under the law.
Mr. COX. I will explain that.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, it has
lapsed into the Treasury under the law providing
th&t when an appropriation shall not be expended
within two years, it goes into the general fund.
Now, sir, it is proposed that we shall legislate
and authorize an appropriation of over five thou-
sand dollars, for the purpose of purchasing books
that have not been before supplied.
Now, the question that I raise is, that this is
independentlcgislation. Itappearsthat this prop-
osition is necessary because of the failure of these
parties to obtain the books. For aught we know
they do not want the books. We are not ap-
prised that they are applying for the books now.
Mr. COX. Yes, they are.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. At any rate there
is a way of making the appropriation in this case
as in any other, by a bill founded upon a knowl-
edge of the transaction, and which bill must un-
dergo the usual forms of legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it is not for the Chair to decide whether the
committee will make a second appropriation for
the same purpose. The Chairknows the fact that
the House did pass the resolution of which the
gentleman from Ohio speaks; and if it is the
pleasure of the committee to make a second ap-
propriation for the same purpose, it is not for the
j Chair to decide it out of older.
| Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I If the decision of the Chair is correct, and an ap-
! propriation has once been made for individual
| members who were heretofore entitled to these
■ books and never received them, then thisisapri-'
; vase claim, and cannot properly come inina gen-
j eral appropriation bill. If these individuals are
! entitled to the books, they ought to come before
i the House with a private claim.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has doubts
about the question of order raised by the gentlc-
j man from Kentucky; but thinks it probable that
■ it is well taken, yet, not being fully advised upon
1 the subject, will decide the question of order
' against him.
i Mr, COX. I do not wish to delay the com-
! mittee, or inteifere with this bill, but it will be an
act of manifest injustice to the members of a former
i Congress who failed to get their portions of the
■ books, either because they were not as cxpedi-
! tiou's as others, or because the books were not
