1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
deposed the Crown, which constituted the third
estate of the realm; and the act, therefore, was a
revolution, because it was not in accordance with
law, but in defiance of the existing legal author-
ities. As to the character of the revolution in
France, no one doubts. Our own Revolution in
this country was a revolution, because the Col-
onies owed allegiance to Great Britain; and they
determined to break that allegiance, though they
legally owed it, by revolution, on causes which
justified revolutionary action. Revolution, in the
sense in which the word is now used, designates
precisely what rebellion meant formerly. It
means acts done in defiance and resistance to the
laws, with the in tent to subvert or change the form
of government without the consent, or against the
consent, of the existing authorities.
I do not deny the right of revolution—that there
are moral causes which will justify revolutionary
action. Our fathers werfi rebels; but they were
justifiable. Revolution almost invariably leads to
war. The revolution of 1688 in England, though
peaceable at its occurrence, owing to the want of
power on the part of the Crown did lead ulti-
mately to war, resulting in the invasions of 1715
and 1745 in England, and was the cause of infin-
ite bloodshed. Such must generally, if not inva-
riably, be the consequence of revolutions. Though
peaceful at the time, if war does not immediately
ensue it will be an almost inevitable consequence.
But that is no reason against the existence of the
right of revolution or the propriety of its exer-
cise, if the moral causes will justify that exercise.
The oppression must be intolerable, the grievance
must be great, and, further, all other modes of
redress must be exhausted, before revolution be-
comes justifiable by any people. Now, what was
the position of these people in Kansas? I have
shown you that they did form a government,
called into existence and organized without the
consent of the Territorial Legislature, in defiance
of it, and in defiance of the authority of the Uni-
ted States. Is not that a revolutionary act? In
point of fact, they engaged in revolution and re-
bellion, and only stopped short at the line w\nch
separates treason from rebellion, because they
feared the penalties of treason.
Mr. WADE. I wish to inquire of the Senator
in what consisted the tieason of these persons ?
What were their overt acts?
Mr. BAYARD. I am speaking of the organi-
zation of a government under the Topeka consti-
tution; not the formation of the constitution, but
the organization of a government under it. I say
that was an act of rebellion.
Mr.WADE. I do not know that I understand
the Senator. Treason consists, in this countiy,
I believe, in levying waragainst the United States
or adhering to the public enemies. 1 want to
know which of these acts these people were guilty
of, or what overt acts they committed amounting
to treason ?
Mr. BAYARD. I will endeavor to make the
honorable Senator understand me. I did not say
that they had been guilty of treason. I said they
had stopped short at the line of treason, what-
ever they might have contemplated. Though they
committed a revolutionary act, an act of rebellion,
in forming a State constitution, and organizing a
government under it without the consent of the
United States, and in defiance of their authority,
and in defiance of the territorial government,
they did not commit treason unless they had at-
tempted to sustain it by force of arms.
Mr. WADE. Will the gentleman inform me
whether rebellion is a crime in this country? He
speaks of a difference between treason and rebel-
lion. I do not understand any such difference;
but if there be rebellion, it is not criminal to my
knowledge.
Mr. BAYARD. Treason is a legal offense;
there must be an overt act accompanying it. You
may speak of an act sustained by force of arms as
rebellious or revolutionary, which is not treason
—T use the words in the same sense precisely—
where an act is done contrary to law, and sub-
versive of legal authority. An organization may
be effected for thepurpose of revolution; and yet,
if an overt act is not committed, and sustained
by force of arms, it would not be treason. The
distinction is very apparent. I mean to say that
any Government is revolutionary in its character
which is set up in defiance of the existing Gov-
ernment. Look back to the revolution of 1688,
in England, and you have an illustration. The
Crown was one of the estates of the realm. The
Constitution could not be changed without the con-
current authority of the three estates, the House
of Lords, the House of Commons,and the Crown;
butthe Lordsand the Commons deposed the King,
altered the line of succession, and drove him from
his throne without hisconsent. That was a rev-
olution because it was in defiance of the existing
law and the existing authority.
What is the case here? The United States au-
thorized the formation of a territorial government
in Kansas. Itwas organized. No matter whether
there were irregularities or not, the lawful author-
ity to determine and certify the election of suffi-
cient members for the organization of the Legis-
lature, having inspected the returns, did authorize
the organization, and itwas recognized by Con-
gress, and has been recognized since. A portion
of the people of Kansas chose to denounce this
Legislature as a fraud, as the result of an armed
invasion from Missouri; and on this pretense, in
defiance of the existing government, and against
the authority of the United States, called a con-
vention for the purpose of forming a State con-
stitution. That they had a right to form a con-
stitution and present it to us for recognition, if
they had not attempted to organize a government
under it, I do not deny—that would be a mere
petitionforredressofalloged grievances; but they
went further, and organized a government under
it. Every officer whom they elected was sworn
into office, and swoin to perform his duty, and
continue m the discharge of his functions with-
out reference to any authority or consent of Con-
gress, or any admission into the Union. That
was an act of revolution and rebellion. Where
is the difference between the Utah case and the
conduct of those who supported the Topekamove-
ment, except in two respects? One is, that the
people of Utah stand in defiance of the laws of
the United States, in defense of the doctrine of
polygamy; and theTopekapeople took theirposi-
tton in defiance of the laws of the United States on
account of their determination that under no cir-
cumstances should slavery become an institution
in the Territory of Kansas, whether legally es-
tablished or not. The people of Utah, being more
numerous and more remote,have chosen to resist,
by force of aims and military organization, the
Federal Government, and have become tttutors as
well as rebels. The Topeka people stopped short,
as 1 have stated, at the line which separates re-
bellion, or i evolution, from treason. Though they
had organized a government, and sworn their offi-
cers to'support it and perform their duties with-
out reference to any action of Congress, they
shiank from placing themselves in a treasonable
position by attempting to sustain it by armed
foice. I am glad they paused, and should have
regretted deeply such a result. Yet it is an un-
doubted fact that, such was their attitude in sup-
port of the government which they had organized
under the Topeka constitution, that it required
the forces of the United States to be kept there for
the purpose of preserving the peace and enforcing
the laws; and that is one of the great evils which
will be remedied by the immediate admission of
Kansas as a State.
I have admitted a revolution would be justifia-
ble if the evil was intolerable, and there were no
other means of redress. Had not these people
other means of redicss? They avtr they have a
majoiity of the inhabitants of the Territory, and
have had it for a long time. The election was
held for delegates to the constitutional convention
in Juno, 1857. Would they vote? No. Had
they not a right to vote ? Look at the bill, and
you will see that it secured a fair and full right of
voting to every citizen. When the delegates were
elected, they would not vote; nor would theyvote
when the constitution was submitted for ratifica-
tion, although the opportunity to do soyas fully
and freely accorded. They were unwisely dis-
suaded, or perversely abstained, from the exer-
cise of their rigtits, at both these elections. If
they be a majority, they had the remedy in their
own hands; and if they be not a majority, they
have no right to deny that this constitution is the
will of the people of Kansas, but are bound to
obey it. If they had the majority they could have
elected the members of the convention in June,
1857, and adopted their Topeka constitution, if
they had seen fit, and ratified it by a vote of the
people in such manner as the convention deemed
advisable; and we could not, and would not, have
denied the State admission into the Union under
it. Instead of taking this orderly course, they
stood aloof from all the legal elections down to
October, 1857. It does not lie in their mouths
now to object to the legality of the Territorial
Legislature, after voting and carrying an election
under its laws. The truth is, that they adhered
to the Topeka constitution,and maintained their
lawless and rebellious attitude down to October,
1857; and then, being better advised, or finding it
perilous to assist in this course, they abandoned
it, and voted at the legislative election in October,
1857; but still, the spirit of revolution or rebellion
predominating, they would not vote on the rati-
fication of the constitution on the 21st of Decem-
ber, 1857, though they did vote at a subsequent
election, the effect of which I shall consider here-
after.
They had then a peaceful remedy, and there-
fore a revolutionary course was not justifiable. I
have endeavored to show that they stood in an
| attitudeofrebelliontotheterritorialgovernment—
or a revolutionary attitude, if that phrase be more
agreeable to Senators—an attitude of resistance to
the laws of the United States, fur no one can deny
that the Territorial Legislature was recognized by
the Executive Government of the United States
j from the time of its origin, and that it constituted
the lawful government of the Territory, and re-
sistance to it was revolution.
But, sir, there is something more. The people at
Topeka, those who there resisted the legal organ-
ization, and had nearly produced civil strife by an
attempt to inaugurate a government without color
of law, did not stop in their revolutionary move-
ments with Kansas, but carried their designs still
further, and sought to involve this whole Union
and disorganize the Federal Government. I will
read the eighth resolution passed at the mass
meeting held at Topeka on the 4th of July, 1856.
The Senate will recollect that we had very arduous
struggles here, during the last Congress, about
passing the different appropriation bills, unless
with riders placed upon them, by a majority of
Republicans in the House of Representatives rec-
ognizing the action of these Topeka revolutionists
as legitimate and proper—no riders of ours, but
theirs. I find, in this eighth resolution,where those
extraordinary movements originated. That res-
olution is in these words:
' "8. Resolved, That having hitherto invariably acted in
accordance with the spmt and letter of the American Con-
stitution, and having fiained by our delegates, regularly
elected, a State constitution; and believing that the only
; measure by which pence can he secured to this section of
the Republic, and justice done to ourselves and posterity,
i is the immediate admisf-iori of Kansrunntothe Union under
: our present constitution, ice earnestly call upon our friends
in the National House of Representatives to stop all supplies
J until the Senate and Executive are compelled to admit us."
j Is not that a revolutionary attitude? Is that
] the sentiment of law-abiding citizens ? Because
they choose to form a government against the will
, of the legal government of Kansas, withoutcolor
of law, and an accidental majority of their friends
] is obtained in one branch of the Fedeial Legisla-
ture, they advise those friends m the House of
' Representatives to disorganize the Federal Gov-
! ernment, unless it will submitto their acts of rev-
olution and rebellion. Such was the advice. Ah 1
Mr. President, was it not acted upon? Do we
not all know that the appropriation bills were put
, m hazard ? Do we not all know that the Army
' appropriation bill was lost under the advice con-
i tained in that resolution, and that an extra ses-
sion of Congress had to be assembled, for the
purpose of keeping the Army from actual disor-
ganization, and preventing the country from being
left a prey to disorder? There were provisoes in
other appropriation bills, which were ultimately
given up; but in regard to the bill for the support
; of the Army of the United States, involving some
fourteen million dollats, the House of Represent-
atives tacked to it a proviso—
! That no part of the military force of the United States,
for the Mippoit of which appiopnations are made bv tins
i act. shall be employed in aid of the enforcement ol uu\ on
