1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
localized; that itshould no longer be permitted to ■■
form an irritating element of national politics, dis-
turbing the peace and endangering the unity of
our Government, butshould be limited to Kansas.
The experience of the past, and indeed of this
moment, clearly shows that this can only be done
by admitting Kansas as a State. The people of
Kansas have no right to demand or expect the en-
tire country to be continually agitated, its pros-
perity interrupted, its unity endangered, because
they will not reconcile their contemptible feuds—
will not settle their factious quarrels. When ad-
mitted as a State, then, and then only, its people
will, as they must, govern themselves. Then
faction in Kansas will have no apology for call-
ing on its abetors and sympathizers without, or
upon Congress. Then no power outside of itself
will have any pretext for interfering with its do-
mestic feuds. Then, if one constitution be not
pleasing to a majority of its inhabitants, it can be
amended, or another substituted whenever that
majority so will, even if it be within a few days.
With all deference to those, especially from
my own section, who differ with me on this sub-
ject, I see no course for Congress to adopt ill the
present emergency but to admit Kansas with
whatever constitution it may present here—as-
suming always that the election of yesterday was
not fraudulent, and was not interrupted by force
—after first satisfying ourselves as to the consti-
tutional requirement, is it republican in form ?
and next, did it emanate from a legal source ? was
it formed in a legal manner ? These are the only
questions, in my judgment, that we have any
warrant for asking. It is not for us to inquire
how many votes were cast at the election of del-
egates to the convention. It is not for us to ask
whether some portion or all of it was submitted
to the popular vote, unless indeed, as in the case
of the constitution of Wisconsin, the instrument
provided for its own submission; or unless, as in
the case of Minnesota, a previous act of Con-
gress required such submission. In all other
than these two exceptional cases, such questions
are for the decision of the people alone. If they
choose to enact a law through their Territorial
Legislature, calling a constitutional convention,
in the absence of any congressional law 011 the sub-
ject, they have a right to do so. If in enacting such
law they choose to permit or provide fora submis-
sion of the entire constitution, or only a part of it
to a popular vote, or to have all of it withheld
from such submission, they have a right to do
either. They possess the right under their organic
law permitting them to form and regulate their 1
institutions in their own way," and they possess j
it generally under our lecogmzed doctrine of 11011- ,
intervention, or popular sovereignty. If any do-|
mestic differences occur between themselves and i
their servants, their representatives or delegates, j
the same doctrine of non-intervention prohibits 1
us from interfering. Their domestic differences, j
like their "domestic institutions, "must be settled 1
by them in " their own way," so that the way I
be legal. If a portion of the citizens choose to I
refrain from voting, either for representatives to j
their Legislature, or for delegates to their con- |
vention, or for or against whatever portion of |
their constitution may be submitted, wo have no j
remedy. We cannot force them to vote. Those 1
who abstain from voting, whether tliey abstain !
roeiely as peaceable citizens or for factious pur- S
poses, as has been the case with a vast number ]
m Kansas, permit others to vote for them, and ]
if the decision at the ballot box be adverse to j
their views they permit that decision to be taken j
by default. Congress, acting under the Consti-:
tution, and the doctrine of popular sovereignty, ;
recognizes their right to vote and their right " to j
form and regulate their domestic institutions in j
their n n way," but it is for them, and them 1
alone to say to what extent they will exorcise the ;
right of voting, in what manner they will oxer-
cise it, or whether they will exercise it at all. It ij
is not for Congress to prescribe the manner and ji
extent, or to dictate a particular way, in which ,i
they shall form their "domestic institutions,"!]
whether immediately through the ballot box, en '!
masse, or by delegating authority to act for them. ||
If they present a constitution here, republican in !|
form, emanating from legal authority, formed in jj
a legal manner, it is not for us to require that a j:
certain number of votes shall have been cast at I
the election of the delegates who framed it: it is [j
not for us to require that a portion of it, or all of
it, shall have been submitted to a popular vote,
unless such submission be required by the instru-
ment itself or by a previous act of Congress; it is
not for us to require that it shall contain a bank
clause or an anti-bank clause, a slavery clause or
an anti-slavery clause. These are all questions
for the decision of the party directly interested—
the people of Kansas. If these or similar require-
ments are adhered to, and the constitution re-
turned because it does notfulfill them, such action
on our part will be a denial of popular sover-
eignty, a denial of their right .to regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, and a
demand that they shall form and regulate them
in that way, whatever it may be, prescribed for
them and dictated to them by Congress. It would
be, in fact, direct intervention with their domes-
tic institutions, their internal affairs.
I should have greatly preferred, especially in
the present state of feeling in Kansas and through-
out the country, that the entire constitution had
been submitted to the people. It would have been,
if the people would have exercised the rightguar-
antied to them. The fault is their own, not ours.
We cannot go behind their own legal actions—
recognized as legal heretofore by Congress and
the Executive. We are bound by that action in
my estimation. I say I should have greatly pre-
ferred that the entire instrument had been submit-
ted to the people; but, notwithstanding this pref-
erence, the legal right of the convention, under
the law which called it into existence, to withhold
the constitution in part or altogether from submis-
sion, is to my mind unquestionable. The con-
vention is responsible to the people of Kansas
alone for the exercise of that right.
We are told that if we recognize the present con-
stitution, difficulties will ensue. I believe it; and
so they will if we reject it. Indeed, I have heard
of 110 proposition connected with this matter which
has not its attendant difficulties. My own sincere
desire is to have that course adopted which will
be productive of the least evil to the greatest num-
ber. Without committing myself for or against
any other proposition which may come up, and
which may be rendered necessary perhaps by
someexigency—eithera failure to hold an election
yesterday, or a forcible prevention of an election,
or interference with it—1 shall only select at pres-
ent between the two which are likely from the
present state of facts to come before us. One of
these is to recognize this constitution; the other, to
reject it. j
The first of these propositions is recommended
by the President, the chief Executive officer of '
the nation; the man but recently elected by an
overwhelming majority to preside over its desti-
nies for four years; an old man, almost three score '
and ten; one who has devoted the greater portion
of his long life to the service of his country, and
has been placed in almost every position in the gift
of its citizens, and discharged the duties of all to
their satisfaction; one who has no political future, '
no schemes of personal ambition to subserve, who ;
is 110 candidate for a future nomination, but will ,
retire from the position he now holds with far more
pleasure than he entered upon its duties, desiring
only to leave behind him a fair fame and name, !
and to so administer the Government as will best
promote its power, its honor, and its prosperity. .
The other of these two propositions is supported !
by the Senator from Illinois. Ihonorhim. I have j
ever admired him; yet, in some respects, he is the ,
antipodes of the President. Young, of a brilliant
intellect, of which all his countiymen might well
be proud, but ambitious, and a ceuididate past,
and perhaps future. I do not speak this in any
disparagement of him, for ambition, divested of
self—a desire to hold place without any selfish
motive inciting it; a desire to hold place merely
to leave the impress of his policy 011 the Govern- !
ment of his country and to enhance the pros- |
perity of its people—is ail honorable feeling.
In justification for his so ill-timed hurrying this ]
debate upon the Senate, and upon the country,
the Senator from Illinois told us that the Presi-
dent, in his message, had assailed him and his ,
previous course. He intimated further, that every \
allusion to him here, in debate upon the affairs of j
Kansas, was designed as a continuation of the |
attack,-and that there was some person, or some ]
power, using a suborned press and suborned let- \
ter-writers, to likewise assail him. In all this, he :
sees more of himself than others do—fancies him-
self the object of actions which have little reference
to him, and with which little thought of him was
associated. He did not name or locate this per-
son, or this power, thus suborning the press, leav-
ing full play for our imaginations. Itmaybesome
tangible person; it may be some myth, some fog,
some shadowy nothing, existing only in his im-
agination; or it may be that this one of his allega-
tions grew out of a recollection of a similar charge
once brought against himself—a charge to which
he then very promptly and properly took exeepr
tion, as I do to this general charge of his against
a somebody who is not designated. He was once
charged—and it was not in a subdued whisper,
but trumpet-toned and hundred-tongued—with
at least no unwillingness, that a public journal,
thought to be controlled by him, and claiming to
be the mouth-piece of the national Democracy,
should throw overboard Mr. Buchanan, General
Cass, and other fathers of the party, as " old
fogies."
I have thus, sir, briefly stated the qualities of
the two gentlemen who recommended these oppo-
site propositions. I have the most profound re-
spect for them both. Locality, every considera-
tion of self, if such could enter into my motives
of action in this matter, would induce me to go
with the Senator from Illinois. We are geograph-
ically neighbors. I may almost say that his people
and my people are one. He has,perhaps, more
influence among my people than I have myself.
These considerations, however, have nothing
whatever to do with my course, or my opinion
on this question. Between these two counselors,
thus recommending opposite propositions, I have
no hesitation as to whose advice to follow. Of
the two propositions, I look upon the one to re-
ject this constitution as far the most mischievous,
because it will prolong this controversy as an
element of that dangerous sectional agitation,
which threatens, and has threatened, Ihe unity of
the Republic. Between the two, assuming that
one or the other must be acted on here, my choice
will unhesitatingly be for the former.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I ask pardon
of the Senator from Michigan for occupying a
few moments of the time properly belonging to
him. I regret that, as the Senator from Indiana
spoke by the courtesy of the Senator from Mich-
igan, he should have deemed it necessary to say
anything that demanded a reply from me at the
expense of the Senator who is entitled to the floor.
I understand the Senator's argument to rest upon
the proposition, which he argues at some length
that the object, the only object, of that portion
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill which repealed the
Missouri restriction, was to place the slavery
question on the same footing with each and every
other local and domestic question, as had been
done from the beginning of the Government. I
do not misunderstand him on that point.
Mr. FITCH. No, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am glad to find that on the
very basis of his argument he and I agree. It
was the object of repealing the Missouri compro-
mise, to put the slavery question on the same foot-
ing with each and every other domestic question
in theTerritories and new States; that is, to leave
the people perfectly free to form and regulate all
their domestic institutions, slavery included, to
suit themselves. On this point, however, he dif-
fe:s with the President of the United States; for
the President tells us that the object was to make
slavery an exception and submit that by itself,
but not submit the other questions.
I was sorry to see the Senator taking issue with
the President of the United States upon a ques-
tion of that kind, and, at the same time, arraign*
mg me for having done the same thing. The
whole head and front of my offending consists in
the fact, that I dissented from that part of the
President's message which declared that the sla-
very question was an exception, and argued to
prove that the object of the Kansas-Nebraska bill
was to exclude that exception and put the slavery
question on the same footing with every other
question which was local and not national, State
and not Federal. The Senator from Indiana now
agrees with me that the President was wrong in
that part of his message, and that I was right.
There is no avoiding this conclusion. He re-
peated the proposition a dozen times in the course
of his speech. I am glad to find that he and I
