1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
ton convention. It was for this, among other reasons, that
in my inaugural, and other addresses, I insisted that the
con-iituNon should be submitted lo the people by the con-
vention as the only means of curing this' vital defect in its
oj^aiii/.ntion. If was, therefore, amon?other rc.i-on«, when,
a« you know, theoigam/.ation of the so-called Top^ka State
government, and a* a eun^quenco an inevitable civil wir
and conflict with the troops must have en>u"d, these results
weie prevented by my aiming, not tne Abolitionists, as ha3
been erionpoimly stated—for niy addiess was not lo them,
but the people of Kansas—that in my judgment the consti-
tution would be submitted, fairly and freeiy,for i deification
ot rejection by then vote ; and that tf thi« was not done. 1
wouhi unite with mem, the people, as I now do, m 4 lawiui
oppo-ition' to - uch a procedure."
And in addition, we have the statement of Fred-
erick P. Scanton, late Secretary of that Territory,
in his recent letter of the 29tU of January, v/ho
fully corroborates the assertions of Governor
Walker. He says:
'■'The registration lequired by law had been imperfect m
all the comities, and had been wholly omitted m one half
of them; nor could the people of these disfranchised coun-
ties vote m any adjacent county, as has been falsely s>ug«
go3ted. In such ot them as subsequently took a census or
le&i-try of th°ir own, the delegates chosen were not ad-
mitted to seals in the convention."
It appears, then, that this convention was not
composed of delegates from all the counties in
Kansas; and a very plain and satisfactory reason
is given forit. In nineteen of those counties there
was no census taken, and in fifteen no registry
of voters; and hence there was no basis on which
to make the proper apportionment of delegates.
And, as Governor Walker alleges, it was no fault
of the people of those counties that this was not
done. And, consequently, having had no voice
or hearing in that convention, they ought not to
be bound by its action, and made to receive a con-
stitution in the framing of which they have been
excluded, without first having the opportunity of
deciding by a vote whether they will accept or
reject it. Under these circumstances, to force a
constitution upon them would shock every sense
of right, justice, and law, and strike down the
great principle of representation, without which
there would be no political freedom in this coun-
try. It would be a perfect piece of despotism;
and I am not willing to take part in inflicting it
upon any people, much less upon a large body of
my own countrymen.
Why, sir, did Governor Walker promise to the
people of Kansas, as he was instructed to do by
the President, that they should have the ri^ht of
voting for or against the constitution? Was it
not because a very large majority of the people
complained that they were deprived of delegates
in that convention; that it did not fairly and fully
represent the popular will; and that they would
not submit to its action? And did he not allay
all their fears, and subdue their exasperated and
outraged feelings, by the solemn assurance that
they should have a vote on the constitution? Its
submission to the people was to rectify the radical
and vital defects in the organization of the con-
vention; and to the promise of such submission
may be attributed the peace and order which
reigned in Kansas up to the very time when the
convention refused such submission.
It is not my purpose to discuss the question
whether the Territorial Legislature had the legal
authority to authorize the assembling of the Le-
compton convention to frame a constitution. It
certainly had no such direct power given to it by
any act of Congress. But whether it had or not,
i would not object to the legality of the conven-
tion, if the people of Kansas were satisfied with
it as the fair and honest organ of their wiii a,id
political sentiments. The ereat point with me is
the will of the people; and I carc not whether it
is expressed through their representatives, or by
their direct vote, if it is only honestly and fairly
done, and truly expresses that will.
Now it is clear that this constitution does not
express the will of the majority of the people of
Kansas. In the firstplace, they were not all repre-
sented m the convention which framed it, nine-
teen of the counties having had no delegates to
speak for them. And in the second place, the
people have had no opportunity of giving their
assent or dissent to the constitution, so as to ascer-
tain their will, it is all very true, thata vote was
taken on the 21st of December last; but were the
people of Kansas permitted to vote as they saw
lit on that constitution? It was submitted to them
—but only to vote for, and not against it. The ;
formof the vote was, "constitution with slavery," j
m- " constitution without slavery:" bur the con- i
stitution had to be taken—good or bad, right or
wrong—not in part, but in the whole. Now what
a complete farce—nay, more, whatabold and dis-
graceful attempt, in this free land, to stifle the peo-
| pie's voice, and to defraud and rob them of their j
I dear and blood-bought right to say what shall be
j their form of government! Can any man wonder
I that the people of Kansas are roused to the highest
I pitch of excitement, and are determined not to sub-
; mit to a government not their own; and that free-
| men at the North, and freemen at the South, and
| freemen everywhere, cry shame! shame! at such
; high-handed fraud and tyranny? Did not the
King of Great Britain once try to force our brave
ancestors to submit to laws in the making of
which they had no voice ? And did not the soul-
stirring rallying cry ring out from hill-top and
from valley, "No taxation without representa-
tion?" And is not the same cry now heard in
Kansas, and throughout the country, " No con-
stitution without representation?" — a principle
that finds an echoing response in every free,
manly, and patriotic heart.
In the instructions of President Buchanan to
Governor Walker, he said the people of Kansas,
in the exercise of their right of voting for or
against the constitution submitted to them, must
be protected, and the fair expression,of the pop-
ular will must not be interrupted hy fraud or vio-
lence. Now, were they not defrauded of the right
of fairly expressing their will by the form of the
vote which was required? Every man who could
not conscientiously subscribe to the provisions of
the constitution, and did not vote on thataccount,
and was not permitted to vote against it, was as
much deterred from voting as if a strong police
force had been stationed at the polls to keep him
away. Was not this, then, a great fraud? And
will we sanction it? Mr. Buchanan's own strong
words were, in his inaugural address, on assum-
ing the oath of office:
" It h the imperative and indispensable duty of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to secure to every resident in-
habitant the free and independent expression of his opin-
ions by his vote. This> fettered right of each individual must
be preserved!"
I repeat it, sir, this sacred right of each indi-
vidual must be preserved.
Why, Mr. Chairman, was not this Lecompton
constitution submitted to the people of Kansas?
1 There is but one short and conclusive answer;
j which is, that the people would have voted it down
: —which they hod a right to do. This fact, then,
j by itself, clearly shows that it does not embody
, the will of the people of Kansas; and without that
i it ought to have no binding force. Why, then,
1 should we receive Kansas as a State with such a
; dead constitution, not speaking the living voice of
I her people ? It is said that the sooner we receive
i her as such, the sooner the Kansas excitement
! will die out. That, however, is a mere supposi-
j tion, and by no means a certainty. Now, there
;; is no one who desires peace more than I do; and
;j J would go very far to purchase it, but never at a
sacrifice of great fundamental principles of gov-
.1 eminent, and of the faith, integrity, and solemn
!! pledges of the Demociatic party. But there would
■ be no peace. Why, sir, the President himself
\\ says, in Ins annual message, that—
ij k* should Kansas be admitted into the Union with the
:; roii-iimnon either maintaining or aLohshinghlaveiy ag.nnst
'' tiie sentiment of the people, this could have nooth^r etlcct
i! th'in to continue and exuspeia'e thr exi tms acitauoa dur-
! j hip brief period reqimed to make tne constitution con-
[\ mi rn to the mesdstible will of the majoiuy."
;! Are we, then, to keep up this agitation, and
j; exasperate still more the people of Kansas, by
j: admitting her with this Lecompton constitution,
ji which everybody knows is against their known
i: and declared will? Suppose, Mr. Chairman, this
constitution is accepted by us, and the people of
Kansas say—as they do—we will not submit
to it: what then? Why, sir, the President will
have to use the military power of the Government
to suppress the resistance, and force a much-in-
jured and wronged people into quiet submission. ,
if this is dono there will be bloodshed, and a far i
deeper excitement tliroughout^the country than
has yet occurred in regard to Kansas.
Governor Walker says:
" Disguise it as we may to ourselves. und°r the influence
oi the present excitement, the tacts will demonstrate that
any attempt by Ounanvs to force tins con.-umtiun upon tne
people of Kansas, wiii be an tlfot to substitute the w ih ol
a sin;-!! minority for that of an cvtrw!Neiming tnajonir ol the
phonic of ; that it wd) not «ett>^ the Kanpas-
or localize the issue ; that it will, f fear, be attended by civil
war, extending, perhaps, throughout the Union ; thus blink-
ing this question b">efc again upon Congrats and before the
people in us most dangeious and alarming aspect."
But, sir, is this constitution to be forced upon
the people of Kansas on the mere ground of a
supposed peace ? Is that a sufficient reason for
denying to the people of Kansas the right of self-
government? Why, sir, the great and heroic spirits
that broke the fetters of British tyranny, and gave
freedom to America, often heard the syren song
of " peace, peace," and they might have easily
purchased it; but it would have been an ignomin-
ious and slavish peacc. What they contended
for was a great principle. They did not suffer
any very great hardships. "The oppressions
which roused them," says the accomplished ora-
tor, Edward Everett, " had m their day no worse
form than that of a pernicious principle. No in-
tolerable acts of oppression had ground them to
the dust. They were not slaves, rising in des-
peration from beneath the agonies of the lash,but
freemen, snuffing from afar ' the tainted gale of
tyranny.' The worst encroachments on which
the British ministry had ventured, might have
been borne consistently with the practical enjoy-
ment of many of the advantages lesulting from
good government. On the score of calculation
alone, they had much better have paid the duties
on glass, painters' colors, stamped paper, and
tea;" but it was the principle of taxing them with-
out their consent, against which they arose and
fought. And on principle alone they fought it out
with such glorious success; and we are now reap-
ing the priceless blessings of that great and mem-
orable contest. And yet, what is most extraor-
dinary, we find the scms of such illustrious sires
endeavoring to force upon the people of Kansas
a constitution against their consent, and denying
to them the right of self-government, for which
seven long years of a bloody weir was waged to
accomplish.
But in refusing to admit Kansas with the Le-
compton constitution, it is said we will not be
carrying out the principle of the Kansas and Ne-
braska act, that of non-intcrfcrcnce. Why, sir,
that is the very way to carry it out. If we admit
Kansas with that constitution, against the solemn
protests of her people, and force them to accept
it, that would be direct interference; nay more, it
would be tyranny with a high hand. I say, let
her alone, and let her have a fair and honest \ote
upon the constitution under which her people are
to live and have their political existence, asafiee
and independent State.
Says the late Secretary Stanton, who is just
fresh from among them, and well knowing their
disposition, determination, and outraged rights:
" If Congress will heed the voice of the people, and not
force upon them a government which they have rf jeeted by
a vote of four to one, the whole country will be satisfied,
and Kansas will quietly settle her own affairs, without the
least difficulty, and without any dangcrtothe Confederacy.
The southern'States, which are supposed to have a deep
interest in the matter, will be saved fiom the supreme folly
of standing up m defense of so wicked anddi&honest a con-
tnvanee as the Lecompton constitution. The moral power
of their position will not be weakened by a vain and use-
less defence of wiong, when it if. perfectly certain tb«y wdl
gam nothing even by success in the present attempt."
It is said again, Mr. Chairman, that our only
inquiry on the application of Kansas for admis*-
sion is, whether her form of government is repub-
lican? and that we are bound, under the Federal
Constitution, to guaranty to her one of such a
character. It is all true that we must see that her
government is republican; but how are we to as-
j certain that? Why, it is said, here is her consti-
tution; is not that republican? Yes, sir, i answer,
as far as form goes. But are we merely to look
at that? Are we not bound to see that tne will of
the people is enshrined within that outward foi m ?
for if it lacks that, it lacks the very life and being
of a republican government. A written constitu-
tion is supposed to express that will; but if it does
not, it is valueless; it is worse, sir, it is a gross
fraud upon the rights and liberties of those who
are to live undent. Just like a last will and testa-
ment, if it does not express the intentions and
wiii of the testator the very object in view lias
been defeated.
But we are told that we cannot go behind the
constitution to ascertain the will of the people;
that the constitution is the only evidence of it.
Prima facie it is; but this presumption may be
r>"T voiof- hv rea.1 facrs in the case. Apresump*
