APPE^mX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
actment heretofore passed by the bodies claiming to be the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas."
That is the last form in which it appeared. In
its first form, it was still more objectionable. On
that issue, the House of Representatives ad-
journed , and the Army appropriation bill was lost.
Is not that in accordance with the advice given m
this resolution, that unless we should sanction
revolution and rebellion against the authority of
the United States, and admit Kansas into the
Union as a State, under a constitution formed
without color of law, and in defiance of existing
authority, the Government of the United States
should be disorganized ? Do we notknow, if that
course had been persevered in, and the passage
of the Army bill had been finally defeated, an en-
tire disorganization of the Army throughout the
country would have resulted, which would have
cost the country millions of dollars for reorgan-
ization, independent of the difficulties and evils
which must have been consequent upon such in-
defensible action ? Congress adjourned on the 18th
of August, the Army bill having been lost by the
adherence of the House of Representatives to this
proviso, and on no other ground. Congress was
reassembled, and new bills were introduced, and
the proviso was still adhered to. The last bill
finally came to us from the House of Represent-
atives, with the proviso I have read, on the 29th
of August. In the Senate, the proviso was struck
out by a strict party vote. All the Senators on
the other side, who were present, with,the single
exception of the honorable Senator from New
York, who did not vote, because he stated he
had paired off, voted against the passage of the
bill, with the clause struck out. The vote stood
7 to 25—every one of the seven being members of
the Republican party. The bill, with ouramend-
ment, went back to the House of Representatives,
and there, upon concurring in the amendment, the
vote stood 101 to 98—the 98 nays being composed
entirely of members of theRepublican party, and
the 101 yeas, of the American party and the
Democratic members of the House of Represent-
atives. The bill thus was finally passed, which
prevented the disorganization of the Army, and
the stoppage of supplies so as to affect the Gov-
ernment generally, as well as keep up the dis-
organization in Kansas, in accordance with the
■wishes of these peaceable, orderly citizens, who
stood in no revolutionary attitude to the Govern-
ment of the United States!
Mr. President, there is another question which
I propose to notice briefly—the vote under legis-
lative authority on January 4, 1858, which is
claimed as evidence that this constitution is not
the legally-expressed will of the people of Kan-
sas. JNuw, I have already stated what I consider
the only legitimate evidence which we can accept
of the will of a people—their vote, when a ques-
tion is rightfully and legally submitted to them.
I have endeavored to show that at previous elec-
tions this matter was legally submitted. There
were ten thousand two hundred votes polled at
this election on the 4th of January. The answer
is, that after the Territorial Legislature once ap-
pealed to the people of Kansas to decide whether
they would form a State government, and the peo-
ple had responded to them by authorizing the call
for a convention, and a convention had been elected
and formed a constitution, no subsequent Territo-
rial Legislature had authority to control the ac-
tion of that convention; because, .whenever the
people have authorized the assembling of a con-
vention to form a constitution, its power is par-
amount over the existing territorial authority.
Take the case of the Legislature of any of your
States: the legislative power is superseded, be-
cause, when the Legislature pass a law to ascer-
tain by a vote of the people whether a convention
shall be held, and the people authorize it, the
power springs from them; and then comes the act
of the Legislature regulating the time, mode, and
place of electing delegates, in obedience to the
public will; but when the constitution assembles,
is it not paramount to the legislative authority?
and has any subsequent Legislature authority to
qualify, or in anyway interfere with, the acts of
that convention? It represents the entire sover-
eignty of the State, and may adopt a constitution
with or without submission for ratification by the
people. It may submit for ratification the consti-
tution it has formed, in such mode as is deemed
advisable, either as a whole, or in different parts;
but no subsequent Legislature can stand for the
purpose of amending the constitution in any
other position than as subordinate to the para-
mount power which the people have vested in the
constitutional convention. Such would be the
case in a State. The Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, which called the convention, stood in
precisely the same relation to subsequent Legis-
latures after the members of the convention had
been elected, that a State Legislature would stand
to its successors; and a subsequentState Legisla-
ture has no authority to interfere with the action
of a State convention. It is for the people, and
for the people alone, to remedy their action when
the constitution has been adopted, or is submitted
for ratification by the convention.
The law authorizing the vote in January was
utterly irregular- not revolutionary; because it
was the act oi itie existing authority in the State;
but it was an excess of power, and therefore nu-
gatory and void. The Legislature had no right to
interfere with the action of the convention. Its
interference was irregular and unlawful, but not
revolutionary. I cannot regard the vote taken
under the action of the Territorial Legislature as
the will of the people of Kansas legally expressed.
I cannot go behind the election of delegates to
form the constitution when all might have voted
if they had seen fit. I cannot admit that the
Legislature may interfere with and abrogate the
action of the constitutional convention which was
legally authorized. I therefore should disregard
this vote, without reference to its amount, as evi-
dence of the legally expressed will of the people.
There is, however, a further answer. On the
same day, and under a power which the conven-
tion undoubtedly possessed,an election was held
for the purpose of choosing the officers of this
inchoate State which was to become a State when-
ever Congress should recognize and admit it into
the Union. At that election on the same day,
under legitimate authority, there were between
twelve and thirteen thousand votes polled for State
officers. It is true the result of that election, as
now announced, has given the State into the hands
of those who are opposed to me in political sen-
timents. I care not for that; but beyond all con-
troversy, those who voted at that election recog-
nized and ratified the constitution under which
they voted for the election of officers. At that
election, the aggregate of the votes polled exceeds
by two thousand any vote ever before polled in
Kansas, and it must be looked upon as operating
as a confirmation of the constitution, because a
large majority of the people, larger than any num-
ber that ever voted against, voted under it. I may
be told that a portion of those who voted for offi-
cers under this constitution were the same persons
who voted against the constitution on the same
day under an inegular election. My answer is
that the acts would be inconsistent, and the reg-
ular act must prevail. I cannot assume it. I do
not know it. It may be that they wore totally
distinct men. It may be that the ten thousand
who voted against the constitution, or a part of
them, belonged to that portion of the people who,
seeing the destruction of their own interests aris-
ing from continual feuds and continued disorgan-
ization in Kansas, had come to a determination
to abide by the laws; and that that portion of the
free-State party and the opposite party combined
outnumbered those who still wished to maintain
Kansas in a state of disorganization and revolu-
tion. I think that not improbable; though the
opinion is merely conjectural, and the fact imma-
terial. I find a legal vote, taken under legal au-
thority, in the one case, and an irregular vote in
the other. The legal vote so taken shows two
thousand majority over this irregular vote, with
all its boasted effect; and I hold, therefore, that
it operates of necessity as evidence that the will-
of the people of Kansas is that this constitution
shall stand until they see fit to amend or abrogate
it. It shows, further, that the less partisan por-
tion of the fiee-State party have determined to
return to a government of law and order.
Mr. President, there is another question which ..
I shall endeavor to treat succinctly, but it is too I
important to be passed without notice, and has J
been made the subject of extended comment by '
the Senator from Michigan; and my opinions are
so entirely at variance with his, that I cannot hes-
itate to declare them, and give the authorities by
which they are supported. It is contended by
him, and also by the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, that where a provision exists in the consti-
tution of a State, prescribing a mode in which that
constitution may be amended, it follows that
though the right may exist in the people at large
to alter their constitution at all times, yet the ex-
ercise of the right would be revolutionary, and
that no amendment can be constitutionally made,
except according to the terms prescribed in the
constitution. I hold not only that there is no ob-
ligation to follow the mode prescribed in the con-
stitution, though it may be the more convenient
course, but that if a constitution expressly pro-
hibited, as the Topeka constitution did, any con-
vention from being held prior to the year 1865, the
provision would be merely void and of no valid-
ity, as against the right of the people to change
it; and that the right can be exercised, notwith-
standing the provision to the contrary, by per-
fectly peaceful means, without revolution. On
this question it is requisite to state my view of
the principle on which our State governments
rest, and I shall then proceed to point out the dis-
tinction applicable to the Federal Government.
What is the basis of all our State governments ?
That from the nature of man it necessarily results
thatin the formation of mankind into distinct com-
munities, the only admissible axiom is, that the
power of self-government is inherent in the peo-
ple at large, and of necessity to be exercised by
a majority.
Two propositions are essential parts of the ax-
iom. First, that the right of government vests in
the people at large; and secondly, that a majority
of those who choose to act may organize a govern-
ment; and the right to change is included in the
principle which gives the authority to organize.
The constitution of a State cannot restrain or
impair this right; because it exists in the people
outside of the constitution. It is the political ax-
iom upon which the constitution itself is founded.
In governments founded on the social compact,
no express or actual contract exists between the
different members of society; but the theory is that
the consent of all is implied, and an indefinite au-
thority exists in the majority to bind the whole.
This assumed right of the majority under the
axiom must exist at all times, and cannot be con-
troverted, except by those who place the right of
government on some other foundation.
Whence does the right of the majority spring
to form governments, if not from the assumed
principle, the doctrine .of implied compact as the
true basis of government ?
If the people of one generation have an inhe-
rent right to form governments, the same inhe-
rent right must exist unfettered in those of a sub-
sequent generation.
The right of the majority to organize a govern-
ment under the law of the social compact, pre-
cludes any power in that majority to render the
government they form unalterable, either for
twenty or ten years, or for one year; because
such a restriction is inconsistent with their own
authority to form a government, and at war with
the very axiom from which their own power to
act is derived.
The Senator from Illinois admits the right; but
considers that, where the constitution prohibits
change, or specifics a mode of change, alteration
in any other mode would be an act of revolution.
In this I differ with him. The change of organic
law in modes other than those specified in the con-
stitution, may be made without revolution in the
present received sense of the word. Wherever
the ultimate power of government rests, there the
power to change its form must rest.
I have stated the principle without enlarging
upon it, on which, I suppose, all national gov-
ernments rest, and all the governments of these
States are national. They have no other basis,
if it be not the doctrine of the social compact.
They are national because they were all independ-
ent sovereignties, constituting separate nations,
when they entered into aConfederacy, and subse-
quently formed the Federal Government which
now exists. They parted with certain powers of
sovereignty, but their distinct nationality none the
