140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
agree thus far. I hope he will not consider that
he is outside the pale of a healthy organization;
that he is abandoning the President, and engagimj
in an ambitious scheme to break down the Ad-
ministration, because he differs with the Pres-
ident on the same point that I do.
He says I have come nn.t in favor of a general
rule, novel in the history of the Government, that,
hereafter, every constitution formed by a new
State coming into the Union must be submitted
to the people before it is sent here. The Senator
argues against the general rule as being a novel
and revolutionary principle, which ought not to be
fastened on the country at this day. Has he read
the President's message on that point ? In the
message, the President of the United States tells
us that the example of the Minnesota bill, in re-
quiring the constitution to be submitted to the
people, is a noble example; and should be fol-
lowed in all cases hereafter to arise. The Sen-
ator is arraigning the general rule of the President
in regard to the submission of constitutions to the
people for ratification. I stand with the President
in behalf of that general rule.
I am a little at a loss to see upon what ground
it is that the Senator utters vague inuendoes about
men putting themselves in a factious position
towards the party, dividing and distracting its
councils to such an extent that they ought to
be considered outside of the party. He differs
with the President on two points: 1 on one. The
President says the slavery question is treated by
the Kansas-Nebraska bill as an exception. The
Senator says that by that bill, and by the Cincin-
nati platform, the slavery question is put on the
same footing with all other questions, without any
exception. On that point, as I have said, the Sen-
ator from Indiana and myself agree, both dif-
fering from the President. He duffers from the
President in regard to the general rule that the
constitution ought to be submitted to the people.
On that point I agree with the President. It' to
differ from the President is faction, then the Sen-
ator has just double the amount of faction ill his
position that I have in mine.
Then what is the issue between the Senator
from Indiana and myself? Agieeing that the
object'of the Kansas-Nebraska bill was to place
the slavery question on an equal footing with all
other local and domestic institutions, and leave
<Ih> people free to decide the whole, he takes the
ground that he will not submit those questions to
the people, and I take the ground that they should
be submitted to the people. That is the simple
point of difference. On that point the reasoning
of the President is with me, for lie says, that by
the terras of the Nebraska bill, it was incuinbcnt
upon the Democratic party to insist that the
slavery question should be submitted to the people
for their decision; and if the Senator from Indiana
be right m saying that by the Nebraska bill the
slavery question was put on the same footing
with all others, then if he agrees with the Presi-
dent, he affirms that the whole constitution should
be submitted to the people for their ratification.
Thus wo find the gentleman in conflict with the
President of the United States at all points, and
in conflict with the President upon the very rec-
ommendations he makes in regard to the Terri-
tories which are about to become States, to wit:
the general ruleof submission. The Senator from
Indiana will not claim, like the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, that he has "other sources of informa-
tion" than the message. He will not claim that
there are sources of information which authorize
him to deny the propositions laid down in the
message. If he will, I should like to know who
is the friend, and who is the enemy, of the Pres-
ident of the United States?
The Senator from Indiana cannot maintain his
position without rebelling against a large portion
of the message on the Kansas question. But I
hold that he has a right to differ from the Presi-
dent. God forbid that I should ever "surrender
my right to differ from a President of the United
States of my own choice! I have not become the
mere servile tool of any President, so that I am
bound to take every recommendation lie makes,
without examining and ascertaining whether it
meets the approval of my judgment or not. I
know that the President would not respect me if
I should thus receive a dictum, from any author-
ity contrary to my judgment.
Again, yesterday, I tried to ascertain if there
was any one Senator on this floor who was pre-
pared to yield olfedience to the President's rec-
ommendations in his message, without exception.
I instanced the Pacific railroad, the bankrupt law,
the tariff, and many other questions, and I could
not get a response from any one man who indorses
the whole, or is prepared to carry it out. All
other men are permitted to dissent but me! It is
factious in me to dissent 1 If I dissent, it disturbs
the harmony of the Democratic party! I tell the
Senator that if he will stand faithful by the Cin-
cinnati platform, which affirmed the right of the
people to decide all their local and domestic insti-
tutions for themselves, there will be harmony
between him and me; and if each member of the
party will stand by that platform, there will be
harmony in the whole party. Why not stand
there? Oh, it is factious! It is intimated, not
charged, that there is something fearful, some-
thing terrible in this thing of a man daring to be
true and faithful to his principles, when other men
do not desire that he should be.
Allusions are made to men whose names are
known—to Burr and Van Buren—as if they came
from sources that would read me out of the Dem-
ocratic party. I should like those who are ar-
raigning my course here, to compare records with
me in my devotion and service to the party for
the fourteen years that I have been in Congress.
The assumption is, that I will not bow the knee
to power, when that power itself does not recom-
mend it, and the insinuation is that I am factious.
Sir, call it faction; call it what you please; I intend
to stand by the Nebraska bill, by the Cincinnati
platform, by the organization and principles of
the party; and I defy opposition from whatever
quarter it comes.
I predict that sixty days shall not go over my
head before I shall be in harmony with those who
are now most relied upon to crush me and the
principle of the Nebraska bill, by the admission of
the Lecompton constitution. I shall be mistaken
if, in sixty days, you come here unanimously
demanding the indorsement of the Lecompton
constitution, as a test of faith. The pro-slavery
clause stricken out may make popular sovereignty
look very different in gentlemen s eyes from what
it would if it were in. The pro-slavery clause
in, with the exception of the Senator from Indi-
ana, the merits of that convention may look very
differently to some gentlemen from what they
would if it were out. With me it can make no
difference. 1 regard the result of that convention
as a trick, a fraud upon the rights of the people,
and come with slavery or without slavery, I am
opposed to the whole of it.
But we are told we must force the Lecompton
constitution down the throats of the people for
the sake of peacc; for the sake of localizing the
quarrel. How is that to bo done? Bypassing
an act of Congress forcing a constitution on the
people of Kansas against the will of that people
What next? When you find the stubborn, fac-
tious majority resisting the government, that you
have imposed on them, the President will be called
upon to use the Army and the Navy to put down
insurrection; and inasmuch as this Lecompton
faction is only composed of perhaps one tenth or
one twentieth of the whole people, and there is
not a man of them who dares stay there a day
without the United States army to protect him,
wo should have a special message from the Pres-
ident, recommending an increase of the Army, and
the calling out of volunteers to march to Kansas
to put down the insurrection, and maintain the
government which you force on them at the point
of the bayonet. That is the mode in which you
are going to localize the Kansas quarrel—by call-
ing troops from Virginia and from Wisconsin,
from Illinois and from South Carolina, from Mas-
sachusetts and from Mississippi, and stationing
those volunteers around the city of Lecompton to
protect the Governor whom you impose upon that
people against their will! Then I suppose there
will be perfect peace and harmony among them
all. You will restore peace in that way, and
localize the Kansas difficulty! No, sir. The
moment you impose a constitution on that people
against their remonstrance and protest, you have
nationalized this difficulty, and pledged yourselves
to maintain that government at the point of the I
bayonet, and with all the power at your com- j
mand. You have legalized civil war instead of j
localizing the Kansas quarrel. These are my I
convictions. I believe that such will be the con-
sequences, if we proceed in this mad career of
forcing a constitution on a people against their
will. I hope I may be mistaken, and that such
consequences will not result; but, while such are
my convictions, I must be permitted to express
them. If my doing so brings down assaults on
me, from whatever quarter, high or low, from my
own section or an opposite section, I must repel
those assaults; but I do not choose to go into any
crimination or recrimination in regard to consist-
ency on former phases of this question. I am
willing that my consistency shall be judged of
by the public. I think my course is pretty well
known, and I am willing that the people shall
judge of it. If the course of the Senator from
Indiana is equally well known, let the people
judge of it by that knowledge. If it is not as
well known, I have no desire, no disposition, to
hunt up old speeches and old records and old let-
ters to show his inconsistency. Consistency has
very little to do with this question. The great
point is, is it right to force a constitution upon a
people against their will ? Am I not right in my
opposition to that act of power and oppression?
I would rather argue that question than go into
any controversies with political friends or even
political opponents. I would prefer that they
should consider me so humble an individual that
my history of fifteen years is not necessary to be
discussed, inasmuch as during the whole fifteen
years, I have found them loud in praise of my
course as to the political iniquities which tliey
now propose to bring in judgment against me.
But, sir, I ask no mercy in relation to this mat-
ter. I will not provoke controversy with any-
body. I shall not shrink from the avowal of my
opinions and the vindication of my character
whenever I choose to do it. I may not reply to
all. It may be an object to worry out my strength
by these constant attacks from day today. When-
ever I find it failing I will reserve myself, and
then come back and take a raking fire at the whole
group. [Laughter.] But whenever I shall feel
inclined I will repel the blow at the time it is
struck.
Mr. PITCH. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PITCH. I should not ask the indulgence
of the Senator from Michigan, but for the fact
that the Senator from Illinois, for reasons best
known to himself, attributed to me language which
I did not utter, and sentiments which I have not
expressed or entertained. I must, therefore, ap-
peal to the courtesy of the Senator from Michigan
to allow me to answer.
Mr. STUART. Inasmuch as I commenced the
day by acts of courtesy, it would hardly be grace-
ful now for me to refuse to extend the courtesy.
I yield to the Senator.
Mr. PITCH. At first, the Senator from Illi-
nois assumed that his own and my argument were
based on the same idea—the idea that the slavery
question, from being an exceptional one, was, by
the compromises of 1850 and by the Kansas bill,
placed under the general rule, and subjected to
the popular will, m precisely the same manner
with other domestic questions. Whatever bis
views now may be, he did not, express that view
in his opening spcech. Here it is, in the pamph-
let form, as ordered by the Senator:
" Now, sir, what was the principle enunciated by the
authors and supporters of that bill, when it was bi ought for-
ward ? Did we riot eome before the country, and say that
we lepealcd the Missouii restriction tortile purpose ot'siib-
stitutmg and eariymg out, as a genciat rule, the great pi m-
ciple of selt-government, which left the people of each State
and each Territory free to lorm and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way
" Repealed the Missouri restriction for the pur-
pose of substituting" a something else—a new
"general rule;" self-government in lieu of the
rule of government previously enforced. Why,
sir, that paragraph implies that the Senator from
Illinois wrested the right of self-government from
some tyranny, and bestowed it on the people; that
he gave them a "general rule"—a power which
they did not previously possess. Now he claims
merely to have taken one question from an ex-
ceptional position and placed it under a "general
rule" previously in force. I grant that, subse-
quently, in the course of his remarks, he spoke
of the slavery question as an exceptional one,
which his Kansas bill proposed to place upon the
