1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
tion in law, ns ovpry lawypr knows, }ias only |
weight in the absence of the truth) hut cannot!
stand against it. Anil what fact is hotter known, ;
or about winch is ihere lessdoubt, than that this
constitution does not express the will of the peo- '
p!<; of Kansas: And yet we are called upon to j
believe this constitution, and accept it as true, j
when the people themselves have stamped it with ,
falsehood. Now, are we to close our eyes against !
this startling fact? This would be sanctioning:
fraud, and making forms everything and sub-
stance nothing. Are we not to hesitate, or doubt,
or inquire, because this shameless fraud, and vil-
lainy is a thins; in "form?" I
The language, Mr. Chairman, of the Federal
Constitution is, " new States mrn/ be admitted by
the Congress into this Union"—not shall—imply-
ing a discretionary power, and not to admit under
all circumstances. And, besides, we are to admit,
iiot/orce a State into this Union against her sol-
emn protest and will.
But it is said again, Mr. Chairman, that after :
Kansas is admitted as a State, her constitution i
may be immediately, altered so as to conform to
the wishes of the people. Why, sir, this very
rciruuk would seem to intimate that the Lecomp-
ton constitution is not acceptable to them; or elss •
why speak of a change? And is it not a most !
singular fact, occurring for the first time in the his-
tory of our Government, that we aie called upon j
to force a constitution upon a people, with the
consolatory i ert-'Ction that they can have the right
immediately thereafter to change it? Why, sir,
the most n.ituial inquiry which springs up at once
in our minds is, why force them to accept it at i
nil? Why not permit thorn to make a constitu- 1
Uon which is in the first place acceptable to them, j
and will require no imnvdiato change? The con- ,
stitution is lor their benefit and government alone, !
and the important inquiry ought to be, are they !
satisfied with it? I
But, Mr. Chairman, can the people of Kansas, |
if admitted with the Lecompton constitution, :
change it as easily and as soon as contended for? ,
If we receive Kau?as as a State with that consti- |
tutiori, it at once becomes the fundamental law of |
that State, and the people are hound to submit to i
its provisions and nuthoi uv. Now, by one of Us !
provisions, after tiie year 18G1 that constitution !
may be altered or amended, necessarily implying !
that it is not to be done until that period. And \
this is the opinion of the eloquentgentleman fioni
South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] who addicssed us
the other day, and I have no doubt it is fully
concuried in by many other southern gentlemen.
He says:
4* Can the constitution of Kansas be legally changed prior
to 1S.M? In my judgment it cannot. There is a clause in
the cou-ntuuo;i of Kan?as pioinhuuig the assembling < t a
conveniion puor to that lime, and tins inhibition pieehules
it. Tui.s elau-o U icguided by mhiic as a nullity. I do not
po repaid a Every government that is created "by a wntten
chatter n-r-t- upon it ;i& a lomulation. All the lujent-. under
jt aie subuidinate, and nm-t act m eon I'm may to its provis
ions. Whenevi ran a^ent, in iHexerei-eoi power,exceeds
tiie power gianted to ir l>y ihe aiuhnr ot its heme, such
ex<'iois>c of power h illegal and nug.itoiy. A Lo^u-latuic,
ttien, winch is piolubiteil by the froveieixn authonty in the
organic law from a^^oinhlin? the snveici-jpi authonty, act*,
j11 ihu> a-i>eml>lni£ it, asminf-t or dehoi* the constitution,
flntl the act i-i void fiom lack ol'aurliouiy."
There must have been, Mr. Chairman, some
object m inserting such a provision in the constitu-
tion, and that object alone was to prevent a change.
Those that put it there must have supposed it
sufficient to carry out their object. And you will
find, sir, if Kansas is admitted as a State, that
every pro-slavery man in Kansas will assume the
ground that no change can he made before the
year 18G4, and plant himself defiantly on this pro*
vision of the constitution.
It is all true, sir, that the people can make and
unmake constitutions at pleasure; but there are
only two ways in which it can be done—accord-
ing to law, or without law. It may be done in
the manner prescribed by the constitution, the
fundamental and binding law of the State, or in !
the face of the constitution, and then it becomes i
revolutionary. i
It does not necessarily follow that this revolu- ,
tion would be a bloody one. It may be peaceful j
and bloodless where the people all acquiesce m it. !
The constitution of a State, 1 admit, may be at !
any time changed, even where it contains an ex- '
press provision forbiddingit, provided the people !
agree to it, and make no resistance; and yet it !
would be against the fundamentallav of the State. !
But supnosc Kansas is admitted, and her people
should desire to alter oramend their constitution,
and the Legislature should lefuse to pass any law
calling a convention of delegates forthat purpose,
taking the position that the constitution itself pro-
hibited it until the year 18G4: what then? Flow
are the people to proceed to effect a change in
their constitution? It is all true, they may meet
together, and appoint their delegates ton conven-
tion, which convention may adoptan entirely new
constituthfn, and new form of government; but
then we would have two forms of government,
and pray, sir, which would be the lawful onc?
Which one would Mr. Buchanan recognize?
Why, unquestionably the first; for the last would
be without law and revolutionary, and,ifattempt-
cd to be put in force, would inevitably lead to all
the horrors of a civil war.
Before, Mr. Chairman, the people of Kansas
could make any alteration in tlrctr constitution,
even admitting, for the sake of the argument, that
it could legally be done before the year J8GI, it
is a vital and all-important quest ion, which party
has the majority in the Legislature elected on the
4th of January last? If the pro-slavery men have
j it, and the Lecompton constitution is against the
will of the great body of the people of Kansas, I
ask how it can be changed, as pioposed by the
President? He urges, as one of the strong rea-
sons for tke admission of Kansas, that " the Le-
gislature already elccted may, at its very first
session, submit the question to a vote of the peo-
ple, whether they will or will not have a conven-
tion to amend their constitution, and adopt all
necessary means for giving effect to the popular
will." But, if the pro-slavery men have the ma
jonty in that Legislature, they will, submit no
such question to the people, or take any steps to
make the constitution conform to their will; and
the necessary consequence will be, that the vast
m.tjouty of the people of Kansas will be forced
to submit to a constitution not then own, but
directly opposed to their political sentiments, or
else rise in rebellion against the State government
and effect a change in the constitution by a bloody
mil war. Then only alternative will be a slavish
submission or a bloody revolution. Is it not a
most extraoi dinary fact, that the people of Kan-
sas, as well as of the whole country, arc kept in
a stale of suspense and ignorance ni regard to the
political character of that Legislature ? On one
day it is given out by John Calhoun that the pro-
slavety men have the majority in that body, and
that he will give certificates of election to them;
and on the next, that the free-State men have it.
So it goes, from day to day, and the truth may
never be known until after Kansas is admitted, if
that should ever take place, under the Lecompton
constitution. If admitted, he will then show his
hand; and if the pro-slavery men have the major-
ity in the Legislature, good-by to all change in
the constitution; it will prove to be a mere empty
dream.
Mr. COX. I would ask the gentleman from
New Jersey whether he has examined the Le-
compton constitution to see whether or not there
be not a clause in it which, in the absence of the
president of the convention from the T> rritory,
gives to another officer the power to issue these
certificates ?
Mr. ADRAIN. I believe that is so. The right
of self-government, Mr. Chairman, is dear to us
ail. It is a right as dear to the men of theSouth,
as to those of the North. And arc they willing
to deprive the people of Kansas of this blood-
bought right? Was it not in the South that a
Patrick Henry proclaimed, with a matchless
power and eloquence, which fned the hearts and
nerved the arms of American patriots, the right
of the people to make their own form of govern-
ment? And his soul-stirring exclamation, burst-
ing forth from a heart glowing with patriotic fire,
seems still to linger, as it were, in the distance,
" Give me liberty, or give me death !" And many
a man m Kansas may echo back the sentiment,
if the Lecompton constitution is thrust upon her,
" Give me liberty, or give me death !" Was it
( not Thomas Jefferson"who embodied the great
I right of self-government in the chaiter of Amer-
ican liberty—the Declaration of American Inde-
pendence? And was it not the immortal Wash-
ington who won by the swoid that great right for
our fathers, for us, and those who shall come after
us* Ami we now see the gifted, fearless,and pa-
triotic Wise standing proudly forth in defense of
the same great right, although a strong slavery
man—but who daies to do right, let the conse-
quences be what they may ! And it would have
been a most singular fact, if, from the gallant State
of Virginia, which gave to tiie country and the
world a Henry, a Jefferson, and a Washington,
no voice had been laised m behalf of the same
great principle for which they con tended, and were
icndy to seal with their blood.
The South, Mr. Chairman, can gain nothing
by the admission of Kansas with the Lecompton
constitution into the Union. It is true that the
slavery clause is in the constitution, but the peo-
ple of Kansas will have it out, and will never rest
satisfied until this is the case. What, then, is
gained ? Is it merely for the sake of an empty
triumph that the South is contending ? Does the
South claim the Lecompton constitution as its
work, and wish to boast and exult over the free-
State men at the North, and say—there, see the
•■slavery clause which is in it? For this, after nil,
must be it; and this is what the eloquent gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Gartrell] declared the
other day, when defending the institution of sla-
very, and depicting in glowing colors its great
blessings: " It is true," said he, " the South has
achieved a ttiumph m Kansas;" but permit me
to say that it was an unworthy triumph over ihe
constitutional rights and libei ty of the people.
Do not say that you are resisting an encroach-
ment upon your rights by insisting upon the ad-
mission of Kansas. What rights, I pray you?
No one is interfering with your rightto hold slaves
in your respective States where your laws permit
it. I certainly am not, and would not.
But remember, gentlemen of the South, you
have no right to say that slavery shall exist in
Kansas, and force it upon her people. In doing
that you are becoming the aggressors, and I
charge upon every southern gentleman upon this
floor, who attempts to force this Lecompton con-
stitution upon the people of Kansas with the sla-
very clause in it, when he knows that the great
majority of the people are opposed to it, as a gross
interference with their just political rights. And if
you do, the consequences rest with you; if a civil
war rages, deluging Kansas with human blood,
and perhaps involving the whole U,nion and its
existence, it is yourcreatingand not ours. Why,
then, persist? Why not give Kansas up, and let
her people be a free people ? She is gone to the
South, as a slave State. The laws ef climate and
her free population have fixed that, now and for-
ever. Come, then, men of the South—sons with
us of the same glorious ancestry, inheritors of
the same common country, and ever actuated as
you are by high, noble, generous, and patriotic
sentiments—discard as ignoble, ungenerous, and
wrong, any attempt to force a people to accept
a constitution for the mere sake of an empty tri-
umph. A far higher and nobler triumph would
await you by according to the people of Kansas
their just rightof self-govei nment. If you do that,
the Demociacy of the North will stand by you,
as they have ever done, in your just constitutional
rights. And it would greatly tend to appease the
bitter feeling, with many at the North, against the
domestic institution of slavery. But to press this
Lecompton constitution through, would only have
the effect to heighten and strengthen that feeling,
and widen still further the breach now unhappily
existing between the North and the South.
Pause, then, I pray you, men of the South, and
not permit mere imaginary wrongs to urge you
on, as you threaten, to a dissolution of our glori-
ous Union. Suffer not your warm blood and
heated imaginations to betray you into an act
which would destroy the last rcsting-place of
human liberty. If the goddess of Liberty ever
takes her flight from our loved land, it will be for-
ever; and then, oh then !—but I will not and can-
not look into such a dark and harrowing future.
All else is shut out from my gaze, and I can only
see before me a hallowed Union of States, bound
together by fraternal love, mutual interest, and a
common glory—a Union cemented by the blood
of our fathers, and founded on the great and
inherent principle of popular rights and popular
sovereignty; and the same great and benignant
God who has watched over and protected us in
the past, and brought us to so high a pinnacle of
national prosperity and power, will not, I am
sure, desert us now, in the midst of threatened
