2250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
printed at the time they were applied for. A great
many members of Congress, prior to the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, did not receive their books.
These books have been applied for, but the Clerk
was unable to supply them, because there was no
mjney with which to purchase books theretofore
ordered. A specific case whichl have in my mind,
is a predecessor in my own district, (Jonathan
Taylor.) I inquired of the Clerk for his books,
and, in response, he wrote me the letter I have
read to the committee. It is nothing more than
just that this should pass.
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, and for the
reason that it proposes to take money from the
Treasury for the purpose of applying it to the pur-
chase of books for former members of this House.
The money which he now proposes to take out
has gone back into the Treasury under a !a1^ of j
Congress. The gentleman says it would be un- [
just and improper to refuse to give these books '
to members who have served upon this floor. I
The whole system of voting money for the pur- !
chase of books for members of Congress, was, in J
my judgment, always wrong. It ought never to j
have been engaged in by Congress. I would ask I
the gentleman upon what grounds he would re- !
fuse to vote books to me? This is my second !
term here, and I have never received any books. I
"Wehave provided by law for stopping tins abuse, '
and now we arc told that we should vote this
money out of the public Treasury for that very j
purpose.
Mr. COX. The gentleman does not design to
place me in a wrong position. This matter oc-
curred before the compensation bili passed, and 1
the books were actually ordered. This man was i.
omitted, and to refuse this now would be an act
of partiality. ]
Mr. 1HJRNETT. I understand the gentleman's !
statement. What was the object of the friends1;
of such an appropriation as this, and what were ;
the reasons urg ;d for voting money for the pur- '
chase of bonks ? It was, that they were neces- :
sary in legislation, and for keeping members j
thoroughly posted in legard to affairs of theGov- j
ernment. But we might with as much propriety !!
take out money from the Treasury, and scatter 'j
it broadcast to every citizen of the country, be- j
cause every man in the countt y is as much enti- \
tied to such an expendituie of money as any man j
who 1ms received it upon this floor. As a matter !
of justice, this claim has no merits whatever, in j
my judgment. The only matter of surprise to I
me is, that the amendment was offered bya gen- j
tleman of so much intelligence as my fnend from I
Ohio. |
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to amend the 1
amendment for the purposeofgettin^mformation. j
Mr. JONE-S, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Virginia will allow me, I think 1 can throw :
a little light upon tins matter. ;
1 move to stukc out $5,000. This is a proposi- ^
tion, as 1 understand it, to appropriate mormy to
purchase books for a former member of Congress,
by the name of Jonathan Taylor, of the Columbus : i
district, Ohio. No such member has been here, :
'to my knowledge, for the last fifteen years. 1,
understand he was hete about the year 1^38. This
book resolution was commenced, I believe, about ■
the year 1834; and then it was that Congress had ;
previously ordered and contracted for the printing 1
of the State Papers, the American Archives, and
some other woi ks, and had a surplus of copies on
hand. A resolution was passed to furnish thom !
first to members here. At a subsequent Congress
they were given to now members; and it was con- :
turned until ali those editions were exhausted. !
A ny gentleman who was here at that time was, I
th.nk, m default of his rights who did not claim •
ills right, and take the books.
if I remember eonectly, this practice of buying
books and distributing them to members of Con-
gress commenced about the Twenty-Eighth Con-;;
gross. When I first came here i was told that ;
there was a surplus number of copies on hand.!'
Upon inquiry I found that there was not one; but!:
that Congress passed a resolution for distribution, 1
and the next spssion we came here and made an ■
appropriation of $87,000 to pay for the books. I ,i
think that was the first appropriation that was j
made to buy books and give to members. But 1
even in that day they put into the lesoiution a
provision that nothing in it should be construed .<
to authorize a reprint of those books. They were
distributed at that time from the books which
were purchased from the publishers, or persons
who had contracted to publish them for Congress.
As I said before, the distribution was made until
the surplus copies were exhausted, and then they
finally passed resolutions for distribution, and
afterwards made appropriations to meet them.
But this is a case where the appropriation has gone
back into the Treasury.
Mr. WASH8URNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment and to the whole propo-
sition, and I desire that the committee shall come
to a vote.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask my col-
league whether it has been the practice under the
old book system, for the Clerk to procuie the
books, box them up; and if there was no disposi-
tion made of them by a member, to store them
away in the crypt of the Capitol until he sends for
them? I make the inquiry upon facts which came
to my knowledge the present session. A prede-
j cessor of mine wrote to me that he had actually
! got only a portion of the books under the resolu-
! tion passed while he was here, and requested me
| to apply to the Clerk for the balance of them. I
; did so, and the remainder being furnished, I sent
1 them to him. If such is the practice, all the gen-
tleman from Ohio has to do is to apply to the
■ Clerk, and lie will furnish the books.
[ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee I believe a great
■ many members sold their books, or gave receipts
: for the money and never got the books, and never
j saw them.
! Mr. LETCHER. This is for the Twenty-
i Seventh Congress 1 believe, is it not?
1 Mr. COX. It is.
| Mr. LETCHER. Under the proposition as it
i is introduced heie, this member, if h" gets the
| books at all, c;cts a great many more than were
i allowed at that time. The number of books at
! that time wore limited to specific works, a list of
j which I have in my hand. They were Diplo-
: matic Cortespondence, American Archives, Land
Laws, Gales & Seaton's Register of Debates,
Gaies & baton's American State Papers, Con-
. tested Elections, Elliot's Debates.
Now what 1 was going to suggest is this: if the
House is going back to a period of time so far
distant as the Twenty-Seventh Congress, it would
be well enough to amend the proposition, and go
down among this rec$BtIy -discovered pile of books,
and select out a number of volumes corresponding
to Lhose that yon give. I see no necessity for ap-
propriating money to buy books while there is a
room eighteen feet square full of them in the base-
ment of the building. Let gentlemen go there for
them, if they want them. "But besides all that, I
want to know why this gentleman did not <ret his
books? &
Mr. COX. I will tell the gentleman. I wish
to he very frank and brief about this matter. Mr.
Taylor, who is since deceased, was entitled to
these books in the Twenty-Seventh Congress,
under a resolution of the flouse of August 8,
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman was in Con-
gress in 1851, and was entitled to these books in
the Twenty-Seventh Congress, why did he not
get them ?
Mr. COX. I offered a resolution here some
time ago to that effect, but I could not get this
House to pass it. It required the Clerk to deliver
to the wjdow of Jonathan Taylor, out of the book.?
in his minds, books of equal value with those to
which he was entitled. 1 endeavored to get that
resolution passed, but failed; and on inquiry the
Clerk told me that there was an appropriation
made to meet just this case; but that, by mistake,
it was paid into the Treasury, and that probably
the Committee of Ways and Means would rec-
ommend a new appropriation.
Mr. LETCHER. Was not Mr. Taylor in
Congress in 1851 ?
Mr. COX. I believe he served .four years.
Mr. LETCHER Jonathan Taylor was here
four years. He then had the whole of one Con-
gress, and the whole of another Congress to get
his books if he chose. He did not choose to take
them. It seems to me that it is altogether proper,
it his widow insists on this claim on Congress, that
she should present Iur memorial to the House,
and let u take exactly the same disposition as
other claims take.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have here the
names of the Representatives from Ohio in the
Twenty-Seventh Congress, and his name is not
among them. It must have been prior to that
time that he was here.
Mr. COX. The Clerk informed me that he
was here in the Twenty-Seventh Congress.
_ Mr. LETCHER. I must come to the conclu-
sion, if the gentleman cannot tell when he was
here, that it is doubtful whether he ever was here.
The question was taken on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. DODD. I offer the following amendment:
To pay the residue af the salary due the engineer for
constructing the budge across the Potomac ut Luilc Falls,
$2,539 67.
I send up a letter from the Spcretary of the In-
terior, which will explain my amendment.
The letter was read as follows:
Department of the Interior.
Washington, rfpril 19, 1858.
Sir: By act of 18th August, 1853, dti appropriation of
§75,000 was made to complete the bi idge across the Poto-
mac at Little Falls, agreeably to the plan already adopted,"
winch contemplated the construction of th.it work under
the supervision of an othcei of the YVar Depaitmcnt, receiv-
ing a tlxed salary as such. It was subsequently found ne-
cessary, howevei,for the Secretary of Wat to otherwise
employ the olficei who had been detailed for thar service,
winch rendered indispensable the emplo) ment of a civil en-
gineci, to be compensated out of the appropriation. Even
with tins increase of expemluuie, the work, it is believed,
would have been completed within the appropriation, bat
for the unprecedented flood of la-t year, winch swept away
some portions of the work, requiring a considerable outlay
to repair !he damage. Owing to this circum^ance, a small
additional appiopn<<t;on will bo requncd to pay otV the lia-
bilities inclined, and I have the honor to invite your atten-
tion io the subject. «nid lo lequest th.it such measuies may
he adopted by yotti committee as will be best calculated to
bocaie it
[f the engineer under vvho^e charge the work was exe-
cuted be paid at the rate of ,$250 per month, which ic per-
haps not too hij;it, the amount required will be .$0,589 67 ;
and I would respectfully surest the appropiiation of that
sum In further explanation of this subject, 1 beg leave to
leter you to the inclosed copy of Mr. Coyle's letter, of the
3Jth ultimo, to this Depaitment, and of the report made
thereon by Mr. Whiting, by whom, as acting Secietary of
the Ititeiuv, bis >erviees> wete engaged.
T have the honoi to be, veiv re-qx'ctfullv, your obedient
servant, J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Tion. Wii.t.i vm (). Goode, Chairman of the Committee for
the District of Columbia, U. S. Ho. of Reps.
The question was taken on the amendment; and
it was agieed to.
Mr.BOWIE. I offer the following amendment:
For building a house for the keeper of the Anacostra
budge, £Lf>00, to be expended under the direction of the
ComuritiSionei ut Public Buildings
The question was taken-, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. PEYTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For making improvements in the city of Washington
provided for in tho iit't-'onth section of the city chaiter, ap-
pioved May 15,1S2U, and the twelfth section of' the amended
chatter, approved May 37, 18*18, $-5,000.
I ask for the reading; of an extract from a report
of the Secretary of the Interior.
The extract was read, as follows:
a The Government, however, is a large leal estate pro-
pnctoi in the city of Washington, and provision is made i't
the charter of incorporation, by u Inch the (Jomrnissionei of
Public Huildmgs i,s directed to reimburse the corporation a
ju?t piopoiUun of tbe expense niemred in opening and mi-
piovmg streets passing through and along public squares.
Tin? e\pen c has been heretofore defrayed out of money
arising tiom the sale of lots belonging to the Government";
but ibis resouicc has now faded us, and an estimate has
been submitted for an appropriation out of the national
Treasury on that account,55
Mr. SEWARD. I raise the pointof order that
the amendment is not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is oat of order, theie being
no law to provide for the appropriation.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 move to strike out lines one
hundred and eighty-eight and one hundred and
eighty-nine, as follows:
"For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, $3,000."
I offer this amendment for the purpose of obtain-
ing information as to how far we fire expected to
defray the expenses of the municipal government
of the city of Washington. I know that the Gov-
ernment lias paved Pennsylvania avenue, and that
it pays for the gas to light it, and I should judge
from the appearance of the appropriation bills tnat
almost ail the expenses connected with the muni-
cipal government of the city of Washington, are
paid by Congress. Now, I want to know whether
there is any law—for that seems to be apoint made
