1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
same footing with the other domestic questions;
but not so in the opening remarks of his speech
—its foundation. He tells me, I differ with the
President. I stop not to ask whether I differ with
him or the Senator from Illinois. Neither the
Presidentnor any other gentleman is responsible
for my course, but myself. I would differ with
the one as soon as with the other, if I thought
his reasoning, or the conclusions at which he ar-
rived, were not correct. I do not read the mes-
sage as the Senator from Illinois reads it, and his
reading is not justified by its language. I nowhere
find the President saymg that the slavery ques-
tion was made an exceptional one by the Kansas
bill. He says, in substance, that it was the prom-
inent question, the one which had been discussed,
the one which had been agitated; and, therefore,
that it was highly proper that it should be sub-
mitted to the people as a distinct proposition.
The Senator from Illinois asserted—notm terms,
but that was the purport—that I denied the pro-
priety of submitting a State constitution—inclu-
ding that of Kansas—to the people. I distinctly
asserted my regret that it was not thus submitted;
but declared that, in my opinion, wo had no right
to go behind the authority we had recognized as
legal, and demand its submission, when that au-
thority had omitted to demand it. The Senator
fiom Illinois mustconfine himself to the record—
to what I have said—when he pretends to quote
me or my sentiments.
The Senator asks me, as he asked the Senator
from Pennsylvania yesterday, why these innu-
endoes about faction and a division of the party.
He was the first Senator to introduce here what
lie calls innuendoes and intimations upon that sub-
ject. He was the first to allude to any possible
division of the party; the first to allude to any
faction in connection with this question. I merely
answered his allusion, and am not to be taken to
task for it.
I did not quote the message, as he says. I
scarcely made allusion to it, except as to the con-
elusions at which the President arrived. Has the
Senatorno otherdefense than attributing language
to me I did not utter—attributing sentiments to
me I did not express? He says lie agrees with
the President in some points, and differs with him
on others; and that I disagree with him on some,
and coincide with him in others. The difference
between the Senator and myself is simply this:
he denies the President's conclusion, but pretends
to coincide with him in his reasoning; while I
concur both in his reasoning and conclusion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What conclusion do you
refer to ?
Mr. PITCH. The conclusion that the consti-
tution of Kansas, if it comes before us, as it is sup-
posed it will, from the convention directly, with-
out previous submission, will nevertheless be a
constitution which we can legally accept, and per-
haps, under the circumstances, ought to accept.
The Cincinnati platform is lugged again and
again into this controversy by the Senator. I have
some little, but not much, faith in political plat-
forms. You know, sir, how they are framed. A
committee is appointed to draft resolutions; they
bring them forward, and because they do not
happen to expressly conflict with the sentiments
of the wise gentlemen then and there assembled
for another purpose than to build a political plat-
form to guide all posterity, namely, to nominate
""candidates for President and Vice Piesident, for-
sooth they are to control Government and its
policy from thence henceforth forever. I have no
objection to the Cincinnati platform; on the con-
trary,! believeit to be an admirable one. It recog-
nizes, in almost the language of the Kansas bill,
the right of the people to regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way. The people of
Kansas have exercised that right m their own
way, a way deemed legal; a way the President
deems legal. True, there is opposition to that way,
and some demand that their institutions shall be
regulated in another way, namely, by the sub-
mission of the constitution, emanating from what
we deem a legal source, to the popular vote; when
the source from which it emanated was not com-
pelled by the people in enacting the law, calling
that source into existence, to thus submit it. I
should be pleased to have it submitted; but it is
not my will, but the will of the people of Kansas,
legally expressed, which is to control the matter.
The people of Kansas frame their own laws
I look at those laws, and
find one calling a convention to frame a consti-
tution, without requiring its submission to the
people. The people, in fact, were willing to part
with control over it, and leave the whole matter in
the hands of the convention. I can only know
their will through their laws, and I know no
right, except it be an arbitrary one, authorizing
me or Congress to set aside or go behind their
laws.
The Senator takes exception to what he calls
insinuations. Mr. President, much of his first
speech was devoted to insinuation, and hence it
ill becomes him to charge insinuations to others,
when simply alluding to his own. It is well known
that he insinuated, in his opening remarks, that
improper influences were at work upon the affairs
of Kansas, either outside or within the Territory,
of which he possessed a knowledge, and yet he
would not give that knowledge to the Senate.
He insinuated, as is within the recollection of
every gentleman who heard him, that some kind
of influence was at work, an improper and unau-
thorized influence, to compel the slavery clause
to be struck out of the constitution. He insin-
uated some sort of knowledge on his part that the
" returns"—emphasizing the word—would show
a great majority for striking out that clause, as
though there was to be a second edition of the
Oxford frauds, though in an opposite direction;
and he had knowledge of this fact, but would
not communicate it. This was a mere insinu-
ation. Upon what was it based ?
Now, again, he indulges in the same strain.
He insinuates that within sixty days those now
agreeing with the President in his views in rela-
tion to this matter, particularly southern Sena-
tors, will stand side by side with him, because the
slavery clause will, in all probability, be stricken
out.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not say northern or
southern.  
Mr. FITCH. Then those who agree with the
President. This is an insinuation that gentle-
men—he says he did not indicate southern gen-
tlemen—who have avowed, in public and private,
their views and their determination to vote for
this constitution, if it comes here with a fair elec-
tion yesterday, not interrupted by force, whether
the slavery clause be left in or voted out, leaving
that question for the decision of the people, will
change their determination if that clause be stricken
out.
Mr. President, it was to avoid just such an in-
sinuation in relation to myself, because I knew it
would come, that 1 determined, if an opportunity
offered, to state the leasons for my action in ad-
vance of any possible knowledge of the character
of the decision yesterday. I was determined that
neither that Senator, or others, should be able to
say to me, you would have voted differently if
that clause were in, or differently if it were out.
Other insinuations are also made. One is that
some power or person, some vague shadowy
something, which he would not name or locate,
was suborning and buying editors and letter-writ-
ers to assail him. 1 have not the money, if I had
the inclination, if it was intended in part forme.
Another insinuation which I did not think
proper to answer, and an uncalled for one, was, if
I did not misunderstand his language yesterday,
that those who were opposed to him were, in a
great measure, governed by Executive patronage
and favor. I have nothing to ask of the Execu-
tive, present or future, for myself, and scorn any
such imputation, comefrom where it may. When
imputations like that aie thrown abroad to in-
fluence and prejudice the people against their rep-
resentatives here, it only indicates what kind of
motive can govern the man who makes them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have a word
to say in regard to what the gentleman designates
insinuation.- It is true I did intimate by some
form of expression, (the precise form I cannot
now call to mind,) that I had not the most im-
plicit faith in the returns that will come from
Kansas, as to the election held yesterday, and I
will tell you why I intimated that doubt. Jn the
first place, I saw that the convention took that
election out from under the existing laws of the
Territory, and placed it under the direction of
three commissioners to be appointed by the pres-
ident of the convention, who should appoint the
judges, and they the elerks,and hold the election
without law. It is the first time in the history of
this Government, so far as I know, that a con-
vention has ever taken the election from under th6
existing laws of the land in the Territory. In the
other cases the president of the convention has
issued the writs of election to the sheriffs and the
other county officers who were authorized bylaw
to conduct elections: and it was provided that they
should be conducted and returned according to
law. Here they expressly took it away from the
law, and thus gave an opportunity to the judges
and clerks to make as many false returns as they
pleased, without violating any law of the land. I
thought it was very extraordinary that a conven-
tion desirous of a fair election and honest returns
should have taken it out from under the law, thus
to give unfaithful clerks and judges an opportu-
nity, if they chose, to make false and fraudulent
returns. That was the reason why I had my
doubts.
I looked into the constitution of that convention
and I found my doubts strengthened by that ex-
amination, for I found that the Oxford frauds were
legalized in the constitution. I found that John-
son county, which had only about four hundred
legal voters, was assigned four representatives and
two senators; while Shawnee county, with nine
hundred voters, was assigned two representatives
and one senator. The county having double the
number of legal voters had buthalf the represent-
ation. I am informed that, w.bcn that fact was
called to the attention of the convention by Judge
Elmore, who represented Shawnee, and asked
why it was, the answer given was: " The gentle-
man forgets that Oxford city is in Johnson coun-
ty." The adding of the one thousand six hundred
fraudulent votes of Oxford city swelled the num-
ber from four hundred to two thousand,and thus
enabled them to give four representatives and two
senators to Johnson county, based on that fraud;
when, without the fraud, it would not have been
entitled to more than one senator and one repre-
sentative.
[t appearing on the face of the constitution that
the Oxford fraud was thus legalized—it being as-
certained that the fact of its being legalized was
called to the attention of the convention at the time
they did it—that Oxford fraud being alluded to as
a justification for doing it; and then it being known
tliat the members of the convention almost unan-
imously denounced Governor Walker, for having
set aside that fraud, furnished a presumption that
there must have been a reason why they provided,
by that schedule, that the returns hereafter should
not bo trammeled by any law which would au-
thorize anybody to set aside frauds. With these
facts before me, I did entertain a doubt as to
whether it was intended that there should be
honest returns; and I say now, frankly, I have
not the slightest idea that those returns will bo
entitled to any credit whatever.
Mr. PITCH. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him, because I cannot ask the Senator
from Michigan to yield the floor again? The
Senator from Illinois says that he based his insin-
uation that improper motives were at work, either
within or without Kansas, to insure the striking
out of the slavery clause yesterday, on a knowl-
edge of the fact that fraudulent returns had been
previously made, and that the manner of election
for the constitution was unusual. .1 have before
me his language—the language of the insinuation.
The facts to which he now refers had been long
known to him. The Oxford fraud was long known
to him, for it was a matter of public notoriety for
weeks before Congress assembled. The manner
in which the election of yesterday would be con-
ducted was known. The schedule of their con-
stitution and the report that their election would
be conducted in that manner and by certain offi-
cers created by the constitutional convention was
well known for weeks. But the knowledge which
was in his possession, and upon which heinsm-
uated improper motives were at work m Kansas
to secure the striking out of the slavery clause,
was something altogether different, if we are to
believe the honorable Senator's words at the time
of the delivery of his speech. lie said:
"I tlunk I have seen enough in the last thri'O days to make
it certain that it wili be returned out 110 matter hew the vote
may stand."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am much obliged to the
Senator for calling my attention, and that of the
Senate, to the express language. The facts which
