1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
less exists. They are national governments, as
contradistinguished from the Government of the
United States, which is Federal; and the social
compact is the only basis supported, by reason or
authority for forming a government by the will of
the majority. The law of that social compact
which renders obligatory the action of a major-
ity, can rest only on the political axiom I have
stated , and the axiom as necessarily continues the
right in posterity to alter as it assumes the ori-
ginal right to form governments. As to the mode
of exercise being revolutionary, the answer is
obvious. Wherever the ultimate power and the
legislative power are in one and the same body,
the change of government may be made without
revolution at any time, by mere legislation. Take
England: if the Crown, Lords, and Commons,
which constitute not only the legislative but the ul-
timate power, see fit to change the British Consti-
tution , either by a reform bill7 altering; the structure
of the House of Commons, or by making peers of
the realm elective, as tenants for life instead of
hereditary, or by abolishing hereditary descent of
the Crown, or altering the line of succession and
providing for the ascent of some other family to
the throne: if the three estates of the realm con-
stituting the ultimate power of sovereignty—the
Crown, the Lords, and the Commons—assent to
such change, they possessing, also, the legislative
power, of course there could be no revolution.
Revolution must include resistance to existing
governmental authority. The change must al-
ways be peaceful and strictly legal when made by
the authority of the ultimate power and legisla-
tive power combined in the same persons. The
difference in our Republics is, that the ultimate
power reposes in the people. The honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, and the honorable Senator
from Illinois, do not deny the right of the people
to changc a Government whenever they see fit.
Such denial would be very inconsistent with their
doctrines of popular sovereignty; but they con-
tend that the people cannot exercise the right ex-
cept by revolution, unless in the mode prescribed
in the Constitution. If a majority of the people
have the right to change their form of government,
as they have the means always of bringing the
legislative power into accord with the ultimate
power, all that is necessatyis to electa Legis-
lature which will provide for holding a conven-
tion, and as the right exists, of course the exer-
cise of the right cannot be revolutionary if it is in
accordance with the will of the existing govern- [
ment. I am right m my principle as to the basis I
of all governments founded on the social compact, i
the very authority to form a constitution of ne-
cessity includes the light of change in the people, j
and that right of the people need not be exercised :
in a revolutionary manner because having at all i
times the control over the Legislature, and revo- j
lution consisting in resistance to the existing au- !
thority, the people can always bring their Legis- j
laturc into accordance with tho ultimate power in j
themselves, and so exercise their right peacefully j
and without revolution. 1
But, sir, it may and has been said that this doc- i
trine is dangerous; that it is revolutionary; that it j
would lead to constant changes of government, if
not to anaichy. Air. President, the man who be-
lieves m the capacity of the people for self-govern-
ment, cannot assume that because the right to
change exists, u will be exercised without cause.
TJieie exists, on the contrary, indelibly implanted j
in the human heart a spirit of resistance, which
prompts to the assertion of arealorsupposedright
from its mere denial; when the right is conceded,
the individual would care little for its exercise. The
same spirit of resistance exists with greater force
in communities of men, and therefore restrictions
upon tne acknowledged rightinherent in the peo-
ple at all times, in national governments, to form
or change their governments, inserted in a con-
stitution, but tend to stimulate the assertion of the
right, when otherwise no change would be de-
sired or thought necessary. The right will be
asserted because the attempted restriction involves
its existence: and the importance of that principle
quickens the spirit of resistance, without regard to
the extentof change which may be desired. In a
community capable of self-government, the right to
change their form of government without restric-
tion, at all times, will not conduce to mutability
by its too frequent exercise. It will be sufficient
for them that the right is acknowledged to exist.
The doctrine for which I have contended does
not stand upon theoretic reasoning alone. It is
supported both by practice and authority. In
many of the States of this Union, certainly in New
York, in Maryland, and in my own State, it has
been acted upon, and constitutions changed in
modes other than those prescribed in them, with-
out revolution. It was sustained in practice in
my own State to its fullest extent, and sustained
by men who understood the principles of repub-
lican government quite as well as their posterity
at this day. The first convention to form a con-
stitution in the State of Delaware was held in the
year 1776. It provided for no convention what-
ever to change the constitution, but contained this
provision:
" No article of the declaration of rights and fundamental
rule of this State, agreed to by this convention, nor the first,
; second, fifth, (except that part thereof that lelates to the
light of suffrage,) twenty-sixth, and twenty-ninth articles
of this constitution, oueht ever to be violated on any pre-
tense whatever. No other part of this constitution shall be
altered, changed, or diminished, without the consent of five
parts in cpvph of the Assembly, and seven members of the
Legislative Council."
The Legislative Council consisted of nine mem-
bers, and therefore it required seven ninths of one
j body, and five sevenths of the other, to make any
| alteration of that constitution; and it was to be :
j altered in no other mode according to its terms,
j The people of Delaware, in the year 1791, becom-
ing satisfied that the constitution required altera-
tion, the Legislature without hesitation passed an
act in which they recited the principles which I
have mentioned as the foundation of government.
The recital reads thus:
" By the thirtieth article of the constitution of this State,
the power of revising the same, and of altering and amend-
ing certain parts theieof,^ vested in theGener.il Assembly;
and it appear to this House that the exercise of the power
of altering and amending the constitution by the Legislature
would not be productive of all the valuable purposes intend-
ed by a revision, nor be so satisfactory and agreeable to our
constituents; and that it would be more proper and expe-
dient to recommend to the good people of this State to
choose deputies for this special purpose to meet in conven-
tion."
Then follows the cnacting clause authorizing
the election of delegates to a convention to change
the constitution. Delegates were elected and the
constitution was changed, and no man in the State
of Delaware questioned the legality of the act or
pretended that it was revolutionary, and-yet here
was an express inhibition againstany other mode
of change than the mode specified. The next
constitution, adopted in 1792 by a convention of
which John Dickerson was a member, contained
a provision winch it would be well, in my judg-
ment, to insert in every State constitution. It
provided, m accordance with the principle of the
right of the people to self-government, that at
every annual election the people might vote for
holding a constitutional convention, and if they
did so vote,it was mandatory on the Legislature
to call a convention. It is strong evidence that
mutability of government is not a consequence of
yielding to the people unrestricted right to change,
in a legitimate awl legal mode, their form of gov-
ernment, that the people of Delaware remained
under that constitution from 1792 to 1831 without
calling a convention, though it might have been
done by a majority vote in any one year. The
constitution as amended in 1831 continues to the
present day. I cite this to show that the recog-
nition of the right in the people to change their
constitution every year by the expression of their
will at any general election, does not lead to a fre-
quent exercise of the right. Sir, no man is more
opposed to mutability of government than I; no
man would sooner lose Ins confidence in the ca-
pacity of any people for self-government if con-
stant change was their incessant cry; but the ex-
istence of the power and its frequent exercise are
very different things. In my belief, the attempt
to restiict the power leads to more frequent
changes than the acknowledged existence of a
right which underlies the constitution of every
republican State, with propei provisions for its
exercise in a legal and orderly mode at all times.
Uut, Mr. President, I have said there is a dis-
tinction between the State governments and the
Federal Government. A. State government is na-
tional in its character; this Government is Federal.
The illustration of Mr. Webster applies only to
the Federal Government. The Government of
the United States is formed by the people of the
several States of thisUnion. It is Federal in the
extent of its powers; Federal in its foundation,
but national in the operation of those powers. It
is a mixed Republic; a Governmentfounded not on
the law of the social compact, but qn the express
contract of separate, independent sovereignties,
and it cannot be altered except according to the
terms prescribed in the contract, unless by the
unanimous consent of the parties. It is as regards
amendments analogous to a treaty which is the
contract of sovereigns incapable of alteration with-
out the consent of both parties. Unless the alter-
ation were made in accordance with the provisions
of the Constitution, like an infraction by one
sovereign of a treaty made with another, the act
would justify its entire abrogation. Though a
Government, it is a Government formed by ex-
press compact of sepaiate sovereignties, and the
infraction of the instrument which forms and is
the only evidence of the compact, by attempting
to amend or alter it in any other mode than that
prescribed, unless with the unanimous consent of
all the separate sovereignties, which are parties
to it, would destroy the Government itself, by
destroying the very basis on which it rests. The
distinction is, that the Government of the United
States is not founded, though the State govern-
ments are, on any political axiom, but on the
express contract of separate sovereignties.
On this question I do not rely upon my own
opinions or my own argument. Though to me
the principle is clear, I may not' have presented
that principle with sufficient force; but I cannot
be mistaken either in the weight of the authority,
or in the fact that that authority supports the po-
sition I have taken as to the basis both of the
Federal and State Governments. The authority
is Mr. Madison, and among all the statesmen who
have flourished in this country, no more philo-
sophical mind has existed than that of James
Madison. He had what is rarely united in man:
great comprehensiveness and power of generaliza-
tion, with thorough power of analysis. In speak-
ing of the old Confederacy, in reply to Mr. Pat-
terson, of New Jersey, Mr. Madison, in the course
of his argument, holds this language: (volume 5,
page 20G, of the Debates of the Federal Conven-
tion:)
" It has been alleged (by Mr. Patterson) that the Confed-
eration, having been formed by unanimous consent, could
he dissolved by unanimous consent only. Does this doc-
time result from the nature of compacts? Does it ause
from any particular stipulation m the articles of Ontodoia-
tion ? If we consider the Federal Union as analogous to
the fundamental compact by which individuals compose one
society, and which must, nuts theoretic origin at lea^t, have
been the unanimous act of the component members, it can-
not be said that no dissolution of the compact can be ellected
without unanimous consent. A breach of the linidaiuental
principles of the compaet, by a part of the society would
ccnainly absolve the other part from their obligations to it.
If the breach of any article, by any of the parties, docs not
set the others at libei ty, it is because the contrary h implied
in the compact itself, and particularly by thatlau ot it which
give? an indefinite autlioiity to the majority to bind the
whole, in all cases. This lattei circumstance shows that
we are not to consider the Federal Union as analogous to
tin: social compact of individuals; for, ifit weic so, a ma-
jonty would have a right to bind the rest, and even to form
a new constitution foi the whole; which the gemJenidu
from New Jei^ey would be among the last to admit, fi we
consider the Federal Union as analogous, not lu the social
compacts among individual men, but to the conventions
among individual States, what is the doctrine ic.-ultms; from
these conventions. Clearly, according to the expositor^ of
the law of nations, that a breach of any one auicta, by any
one party, leaves all the other parties at liberty to consider
the whole convention as dissolved, unlef-s ihpy choose,
rather to compel the delinquent party to repair the hi each.
I will next quote from the thirty-ninth number
of the Federalist, at page 241, Mr. Madison's lan-
guage in exposition of the Constitution. I might
multiply extracts, but those which I shall present
are strong enough for my purpose:
" If we try the Constitution by its last relation to the
authority by which amendments are to be made, we find it
neither wholly national nor wholly federal. Were it wholly
national, the supreme and ultimate authority would reside
m the majority of the people of the "Union; and this author-
ity would be competent at all times, like that of a majority
of every national soeiety, to alter or abolish its established
Government."
Not by revolution, because I have shown you
that if the ultimate power exists with the people
it can always be peaceably exercised, as the peo-
ple can bring the Legislature into accordance with
