1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
sentatives and finished by the people themselves.
This statement of the matter is, as it appears to
me, fully divested of ail the clap trap attendant
crreumstances, with which we have, in my opin-
ion, nothing to do; and when it comes to me thus,
I ran sue no other way than to accept it, and en-
roil Kansas among' the States of the Union; and
with these convictions, my heart and reason are
in favor of this course.
But I shall not leave the question, Mr. Chair-
man, without a due brief consideration of some
of the views supported and held by the other side.
I do not consider myself so much an orator or a
political reasoner, that i wish to take up the time
of this House with a lengthy review and reply
of all that has been said against the admission of
Kansas under this constitution, for much has
been said that is unanswerable, because it has no
point or force in it. It is of the Buncombe, spread-
eagle style of argument, that tends more to amuse
and confuse men than to convince their reason.
In what I have said I have tried to elucidate this
question, as itappears to me, without prejudice or
passion concerning thecircnmstanc.es surrounding
it: and I will try to answer the main objections to
this bill in the same way. The people of any State
or Territory have the right to empower others to
represent themselves in making constitutions or
hwvs. To deny this would be to deny the sover-
eignty of the people. Ouropponents say the peo-
ple of Kansas have never delegated their pow-
ers to others in this question, nor have they ever
expressed their assent in any manner to this Le-
compton constitution. It is true, however, that
they expressed their will to be that a constitution
should be formed. The Territorial Legislature was
the only organized body representing the people
to make the necessary arrangements to carry their
will into effect; and that the convention might rep-
resent truly the people, the act provided that be-
tween the 1st of March and 1st of April, 1857, a
complete list of all qualified voters should bo taken
and filed in the office of the probate judge, and
copies of the lists posted in public places; and from
the 1st day of April to the 1st of A]ay, the probate
judge should hold court to correct said leturns,
so Unit if any were not registered in the returns,
they might be added. Tins list or register of voters
was then to be returned to the Governor and Sec-
retary, who upon them made the apportionment
of the members of the constitutional convention
throughout the Tenitory.
The qualification of voters at this election of
delegates, was,every " bona fide inhabitant of Kan-
sas, on the third Monday of June, 1857, being a
citizen of the United States, and over twenty-one
years of age, and a resident of the county where
he offers to vote, for three months prior to said
election." This act was a fair one, and well cal-
culated to obtain a fair expression of the people
of Kansas. But many refused to be registered:
that is, refused to act as citizens in this matter.
Here was the first disposition manifested by a
portion of the inhabitants of this Territory to re-
fuse to express themselves on this subject. How-
ever, over nine thousand were registered and re-
turned, making over three fourths of the voters
of the Territory. Governor Walker and Stanton
tried to induce the people all to act; but their ad-
vice was notheeded. GovernorJStanton made the
apportionment, and at the election of delegates,
the people of Kansas had another opportunity to
exptess their action on this question; but if re-
ports are true, many refused or neglecU .1 so to
do.
The convention assembled, duly and legally
constituted,and afterwards,as our opponents say,
the majority of the people of Kansas expressed
no opinion as to the slavery clause in the con- j
sntution; and thus a constitution has been made
by a convention originating with the people, and ■'
from the people; but, as they say, not by the peo- '
pie.
This, I am inclined to think, presents what may !
be aptly called a political paradox. If what our j
opponents say is true, that this constitution is re- '
pugnant to the majority of the people of Kansas, j
and the majority are opposed to slavery, it pre-
sents two points to me: either tlicy were cowardly '
and were afraid to contest the matter for feai of :
being beaten, and preferred irregular action: or.
they were willing that the constitution should be
made in this manner, and, by their Mienceand in- >
fiction, gave consent. Erher point is conclusive ■
as ngainst them. Our opponents say the bona fide
voters of Kansas could and might do so and so.
If so, why in God's name did they not do it ? If
they were opposed to a slavery constitution, why
did not they vote down the slavery clause? Their
neglect or refusal to exercise the power to make
or alter this constitution, if they had it, is inex-
cusable; and I think that if they have had the op-
portunity, and refused to act, they should have
the power again only when they are members of
a sovereign State. And this kind of assertions
only strengthen us in the conviction thatit is time
the people of this Union should no longer be vexed
and harassed by the internal political partisans
and political fights of Kansas; and we should not
be obliged to correct their evils, if such exist in
her borders,because she is yetaTerritory. Make
her a State; and if her sons needs must fight, let
it be a free one among themselves.
On the other hand, if these Kansas republi-
cans are not as strong as they pretend, and can-
not succeed or make a show of strength, except in
irregular guerrilla political manifestations, that
they show great talent in maintaining, then and
in such case, this constitution represents the voice
of Kansas, and should be received, of course.
I cannot for my life see any merits in the oppo-
sition to the constitution. It is a mere technical
(|uestion. If all they say is true, the remedy is
in their own hands, and sooner, by being admit-
ted as a State, than in any other mode whatever
can it be obtained. It resolves itself into a mere
question of political finesse or practice—one calcu-
lated to prolong these difficulties, and by their in-
crease, and corresponding increase of scctional
bitterness, endanger the future of Kansas and the
peace and safety of the Union.
L have said that the basis of the opposition to
this bill was laid m mere technicality. The logic
of its opponents is what lawyers call special plead-
ing, and does not go to the merits of the matter
at issue. I believe they all profess to wish the
speedy admission of Kansas, but object to hcrad-
mis-uon under (his constitution, it is in reality
a plea of delay; and if they succeed m defeating
this bill, they wish to go back to Kansas for an-
other tn il, another passage at arms in that dis-
tracted Territory, with the whole Union as anxious
spectators, and deeply excited in the issues, and
new embarrassments will surround the question;
and before it shall again come before us for action,
this gieat nation may be convulsed from center
to circumference with deep, lasting, and direful
agitation. I toll you, Mr. Chairman, in a matter
of this kind, " delays are dangerous," perhaps
ruinous to the body-politic of this great Union.
And we now have it in our power to prevent and
provide against these consequences; and if we
refuse so to do, we arc blind to our duty, careless
and indifferent to our obligations as the represent-
atives of a great nation, bound by the conditions
of a solemn treaty that they must admit this Ter-
ritory into their Federal Union as soon as possi-
ble, and bound by that treaty and the Constitu-
tion of the Union to secure to the inhabitants of
this Territory all the rights and privileges of a
sovereign State of the Union, which gives them
full power to regulate their social institutions as
they wisn, without let or hindrance orcontrol'by
the Federal Government.
We have given to the people of this Territory,
in general terms in their organic act, the right to
act for themselves as to the mannerand form they
shall pr< sent themselves foi admission as# State.
I f I wcic to act as a legislator of this nation, in or-
ganizing a new Territory, I would seek to pre-
vent the troubles of this question by providing in
the orgamcact creating the Territory, for the sub-
mission of the constitution, under winch they
1 might hereafter seek admission as a State, to a
| popular vote. But it is too late, in my opinion,
! now to compel the people of Kansas to do this.
If we assume to dictate to them now, as to the
1 manner tney shall adopt this constitution before
| they can become a State, we may also dictate to
, them v. hat the provisions of that constitution shall
; be; ami oy carrying out this principle still furtner,
j there witl be no end to the power we may presume
I to exercise over their action; and thus shall we
. establish a precedent in the action and power of
j the Federal Government in direct conflict with the
1 constitutional doctrine and principles that, as a
j Federal Government, we can exercise no power
' unless ereated by the Constitution itself—that all
other rights and powers remain with the people
themselves; a precedent which, if followed in the
future, would be the beginning of a warfare against
the sovereign rights of the people as secured by
the Constitution; it would be the annihilation of
State rights and popular sovereignty; it would
centralize in this capital a despotism that mi^ht
exercise its sway fiom Maine to Geonna and from
the Atlantic to the Pacific. In the French revo-
lution, amid the days stigmatized throughout the
world as the " days of terror and blood," when
thousands of the wisest, most ardent champions
of true popular freedom were led to the scaffold
as victims of freedom's vengeance, when our own
beloved La Fayette was forced to flee from this
deluge of uncontrolled passion and violence, the
popular cry of the masses and their leaders, v/ho
moved in these terrible scenes, and became the
ministers and executioners in this bloody work,
was " liberty and equality."
It is said that when Madame Roland, than whom
no one was more devoted to the cause of freedom,
no one more opposed in every principle and action
of her life to tyranny and despotism, was brought
to the scaffold of death as a victim to the uncon-
trolled passions and prejudices of the misguided
\ multitude, the popular cry of " liberty and equal-
i ity" was heard around this fearful death scene;
j and on the public square fronting this terrible scene
i arose the statue of the Goddess of Liberty. Ma-
, dame Roland raised her eyes towaids this statue,
j and said: "Liberty! oh,-Liberty! what horrors
; are perpetrated in thy name !" And when I hear
t the Opposition arrayed against this bill, and using
j as their battle-cry,popular sovereignty," I think
I they are misguided and deluded, or they are de-
| termined in'the wrong and against the right,and
i are willfully arrayed against the very pnnciples
they profess to advocate
I have been a Democrat all my life, and as such
been a close observer of all the tactics of the op-
position to the Democracy; and I notice this fact,
j that when the people have indorsed the conserva-
| tive action of that great national party, and our
opponents have been routed "horse and foot,"
that thev seize upon the very principles advocated
by the Democracy, and by distorting and misin-
terpreting them seek to gam their original objects,
and build up anew their scattered army.
In 1850, with James Buchanan as our leader-
in-chief, we met the combined forces of aboli-
tionism, sectionalism, and all other "isms" that
have cursed our country for u quarter of a cen-
tury, and with "popular sovereignty" as our
watchword and principle, wo triumphed. And
now we have these men here advocating this doc-
trine in our national Halls of legislation, and by
their special pleadings, their mismterpietations of
the whole principle, seeking to distract and divide
their opponents, and in many cases altogether too
successfully.
Democrats, will you be deceived and drawn
from your high and noble position ? It is the same
" old coon," only with a new coat of hair. They
are doomed to be again disappointed. The na-
tional Democracy can spare those of their forces
who are weak and trembling, and v/ho have put
their hands to the plow and look back. And still
they will triumph, and their triumph will be the
joy and the pride of the Union; for it will be the
union of the North and the South, and the East
arid the West, in stronger bonds than ever; and
which, God grant, may be as enduring as time
itself.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. English,]
when addressing the committee a few days ago'
on the admission of Kansas into the Union, said
tnat of all the Demo*" •• from the northern States
who had voted for tin* ii.ansas-Nebraska bill, only
; three were membeis oi this Congress. This he
i gave as a warning to tho;<e Democrats who. like
i the honorable gentleman from New York, [Mi.
j Searing,] who has just taken ms seat, had avowed
; their intention to vote for t;,e admission of Kansas,
j Tins, sir, was only one side of the picture;ami I
J desue to call the attention of my friend from In-
I diana to the other side. I ask him where are all
I .those Democrats, from that section, who voted
; against that measure? It is true that some of
I them were returned to Congress, and are now
I here as Representatives; but most, if not all, of
i them have gone into the arms of the Black Re-
publican party, and they now Ii^lp to sw [1 the
