190
APPENDIX TO TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March S3,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
their will at all times, and therefore any attempt
to destroy this right, which exists at all times,
would be beyond the power of any constitution.
"Were it wholly federal, on the other hand, the con-
currence of each State in the Union would be essential to
every alteration that would be binding on ail. The mode
provided by the plan of the convention Is not founded on
either of these principles. In requiring more than a major-
ity, and particularly in computing the proportion by States,
not by citizens, n departs from the national and advances
towards th£ federal character. In rendering the concur-
rence of less than the whole number of States sufficient, it
losesJ again the federal and partakes of the national char-
acter."
Further quotation is unnecessary. The author-
ity is quite high enough—certainly for me, and,
I think, for the people of this country, and is sup-
ported by reason and by principle.
I waive all discussion of the question whether
the Lecompton constitution intends to restrict all
amendments until 1864. I do not so read it; but
believing any such restriction upon the right of
the people to alter their organic law would be
merely void, the inquiry is needless as to what
was the intent of the framers of the Constitution
in this respect.
Mr. President, I have closed my argument on
the objections to tho admission of Kansas, which
I admitted to be sufficient if sustained, but there
remains what I called the question which ad-
dresses itself to the Senate. Do the best interests
of the Union—its peace, quiet, and repose—de-
mand the present admission of Kansas asaState,
or do they require the rejection of the Lecompton
constitution ? To me it seems perfectly clear that
by disconnecting the Territory of Kansas as a
TWiitory from the Federal Government, you pre-
vent agitation on a question perilous to the Union.
Admit Kansas, and you can withdraw the Army
which has been kept there for years to preserve
peace and enforce the laws, and you will leave the
people of Kansas as you have the people of every
other State, to fight out their own battles, pass
their own laws, and settle theirown institutions.
When you force on them, as it is contended
you do, this constitution, you but yield to them
the entire control of their own affairs. You also
localize an agitation in reference to the question
of slavery, and the settlement of the institutions
of Kansas, which ought to be local ized, and which
properly belongs to the people of Kansas, and to
them alone. But if you refuse to admit Kansas
as a State into the Union under the constitution
presented «to us, it will be considered by the great
body of the people in the slaveholding States of
this country as a determination by Congress that
in future no State even tolerating slavery shall be
admitted into the Federal Union; asd, in truth,
such is the determination, nnd such the real ob-
jection of the major part of the opponents of the
JLecompton constitution—the Republican party.
Sir, whenever that becomes the settled conviction
of the slaveholding States, rely upon it that the
bonds which bind this Union will soon be severed.
I say this, not because I desire or would promote
such a result; not that! consider, whether Kansas
be admitted under the Lecompton constitution or
rejected, either event would justify a dissolution
of the Union, but because 1 cannot shut my eyes
to a danger which I believe to be imminent, but
not realized by the public sentiment of the peo-
ple of the middle States.
Sir, no effort of mine which could preserve this
Union, or tend to its permanence, will ever be
spared. I claim no better intentions than other
£nen; but from the fact that the political exist-
ence of my own State depends upon its perma-
necee, naturally her citizens look with more rcv-
•ecence&nd mote regard to the preservation of the
Unio$ ;tixs.n the citizens of larger States, which
may be supposed able to maintain their political
.existence outside of the Federal organization.
For the .reasons which I have stated, I believe
*hat the passage of this bill will—not stop the agi-
tation of the slavery question in some form, but
will remove one practical disturbing cause, con-
nected with thatquestion, from the Halls of Con-
gress and from the minds of the people of the
country. It will do that good, at least; and if, in
the progress of time, the public sentiment of the
country can be brought to view this system of
agitation rightly, we may hope that no other ques-
tion will arise that can put the Union in peril.
Mr, President, I heard, with extreme regret,
the declarations made by the honorable Senator
from New York. That honorable Senator, if I
understood thepurportofhis remarks—and I shall
read those passages on which I intend to com-
ment—has declared to us what I have always
feared, whatevermightbe their presentintentions,
would become the ultimate object of the Repub-
lican party; and that is, the placing of the negro
race on an equality with the white race through-
out the United States, as to all civil and political
rights. That is their ultimate doctrine whatever
may be the professed doctrine now, and for that
purpose, by all the powers they can legitimately
exercise after obtaining the control of the Fed-
eral Government, they mean to induce, if not force,
the emancipation of all slaves throughout the Uni-
ted States. No thanks to them for the admission
that the power is not claimed to abolish slavery
in a State through the agency of the Federal Gov-
ernment—every one knows that that would be
impracticable folly; but if, holding the doctrine
that it is their duty to abolish slavery through-
out the United States, and to place the negro on
an equality with the white man, as to his civil
and political rights, they obtain the control of the
Federal Government, and wield it even to the ex-
tent of controverted constitutional powers, for the
destruction of the institutionof slavery, of course,
when they obtain that power, this Union must
necessarily perish, because not merely the wealth
but the existence of the planting States—their
social relations and civilization, arc inseparably
connected with that institution. Y<>t such I un-
derstand to be the doctrine of the honorable Sen-
ator from New York. Allow me to read from
his speech:
£C Fieo labor has at last apprehended its rights, its inter-
ests, its power, and its des-tiny, and is organizing itself to
assume the government of tho Republic. It will henceforth
meet you boldly and resolutely herej it will meet you
everywhere, in the Territories or out of them, wherever
you may go to e.uend slavety. H has dnven you back m
California and in Kansas ; it will invade you soon in Dela-
waie, Maryland, Virginia, Mihsoun. arid Texas. It will
meet you in Auzona, in Central America, and even in
Cuba. The invasion will be not merely harmless, but benef-
icent, if you yield seasonably to its just and modeiated
demands, ft pioved so in New Yoik, New Jersey, Penn-
sylvania, nnd the other slave States, which have already
yielded in that way to its advances. You may, indeed, get
a start under or near the tropics, and seem sate for a time,
but it will be onlyashorttinie. Even there you will found
States only for 1'ice labor to maintain ami occupy. The in-
terest of the white laee demands the ultimate emancipation
of all men. Whether that consummation shall be allowed
to take effect, with needful and wise piecautions against
sudden change and disaster, or be huuied on by violence,
is all that remains for you to decide. For the" failuie of
your system of slave labor throughout tho Republic, the
responsibility will rest not on tho agitators you condemn,
or on the political parties you arraign, or even altogether on
yourselves, but it will be due to the inherent erior of the
system itself, and to the error wlue.li thiusts it forward to
oppobC and resist the destiny, not more of the African than
that of the white races."
I can draw from these declarations, and they
arc well considered and deliberately made, but
one conclusion, that whatever may be the meas-
ure of the hour, the ultimate views of the party
of which the honorable Senator stands, if not the
sole leader, at least one of its chicf exponents,
arc the emancipation of tho black race, on the
ground that it is demanded by the interest of the
white races. The avowed intent is not merely a
restriction on the admission of new States into
this Union with constitutions tolerating slavery,
which admission he calls the extension of slavery;
but he tells you that he will attack the institution
in every State in which it now exists, in some of
which it forms the very basis of their social or-
ganization. He tells you that the object of his
party is to proceed until they have placed all men
on an equality by emancipation.
Mr. President, dearly as I love my country,
whenever the hour comes when, with large rela-
tive numbers of an inferior race residing in the
same community with a superior race, incapable
of an amalgamation, which is alike revolting to
the instincts of humanity and destructive of the
better characteristics of both races, there is to be
equality of races, civil and political, I desire no
longer to be a citizen of the United States. It can
never come without bloodshed and civil war. The
honorable Senator tells us if we submit to their
beneficent demands it will be well for us. The de-
mands are, that the whole social structure through-
out every southern State of the Union shall be
subverted, almost the entire property of every
southern State abandoned, and all the flourishing
planting States of the South reduced to the con-
dition which Jamaica and Hayti now occupy, or
to that which Mexico presents to the civilized
world. If we will not consent to this by sub-
mitting to their counsels, he intimates that vio-
lence will ultimately achieve that result, because
he thinks " the interest of the white races de-
mands the ultimate emancipation of all men."
I do not know whether the honorable Senator,
in predicting the results to be reached when his
party shall hnve achieved power, has considered
the effect of this universal emancipation and the
mode in which it is to take place. 1 do not know
whether he looks to amalgamation, or to the ex-
tinction of the black race; or, it may be, to the
extinction of the white race in the southern coun-
try. Which of them he contemplates, he has not
told us•, but I hold it to be a truth as eternal as
the records of history, that rio instance can be
found where two races of men have inhabited in
large relative numbers the same country, unless
they were capable of amalgamation and fusion;
they have existed together without one or the
other becoming the subject race, or one or the
other being exterminated. Nor will the future
contradict the past. How has it been with your
Indians ? When the whitescame here they found
this country with a dense population of Indians;
but the Indian, too proud for subjection, has per-
ished before the onward march of civilization.
The negro, whose condition throughout ali his-
tory, in contact with the white race>has been one
of subjection, has yielded to it because it is suit-
able to his more animal nature, and essential So
his civilization, to the extent of his capacity.
Subjection must be the condition of his race,
where it exists in large relative numbers, for his
own benefit as well as ours; unless you. come to
the conclusion that amalgamation is possible and
desirable. You have the ctfect of that in Mexico,
and I suppose no Senator wishes to reduce the
white people of this country to the condition ex-
hibited by the mixed races of Mcxico.
Such a mixture of races is forbidden by the laws
of nature, and at war with progressive civiliza-
tion. I leave to the physiologist's the decision of
the question of the original unity or diversity of
races; but it is an undeniable truth, though the
offspring of the white and the negro is not strictly
hybrid, that in the mixed race produced by their
union, the capacity of reproduction is lessened,
and th«? duration of life shortened. I want no bet-
ter evidence of the impossibility, under the laws
of nature and the instincts of humanity, that the
union of these races can be productive of benefit
to either.
The honorable Senator from New York, on
another occasion, during the present session, de-
clared on the floor of the Senate, that under no
circumstances could he vote to recognize the right
of property in man. I know how easy it is to
raise a specious argument, founded on what is
called the law of nature, as to rights of property
of any kind. The honorable Senator from New
York may tell us that man should not hold prop-
erty in man. It is a good subject for declama-
tion, and naturally appeals to human sympathies
and human feelings. With the exception of where
it is forced upon you by the existence of an infe-
rior race in the same country, in large numbers, I
hold to the same doctrine myself. But if you press
that doctrine on the theoretical ground that man
should not hold property in man, by the law of
nature, let me ask, where does your authority to
hold any property spring from? I have been
lately looking at a treatise—and an English trea-
tise, too—published within a few years past, on
the law of nations; and the law of nations is a
law of perfect obligation as to property, which
binds all nations, and I hold, does bind the Fed-
eral States of this community, as regards rights
of property. I there find the doctrine thus laid
down.
Mr. SEWARD. What book is it?
Mr. BAYARD. Wildman on International
Law. At page 10, speaking of slavery, he says:
" [t is found existing, and, as far as appears, without an-
imadversion, in the earliest and most authentic records of
the human lace. It is recognized by the codes of the most
polished races of antiquity. Under the light of Christianity
itself, the possession of persons so acquired has been, in
every civilized country, invested with the character of prop-
