2252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
Mr, SEWARD. Yes, sir; but there is so
much noise I cannot hear myself talk.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have not heard
a word the gentleman has said.
Mr. SEWARD. I think this appropriation is
wrong.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This appropri-
ation is for the proportion of repairs which the
Smithsonian Institution contributes to the repair
of the fences.
Mr. SEWARD. The Government of the Uni-
ted States loaned out this fund to some of the
States and never got it back, and it had to as-
sume the loss and appropriate money out of the
Treasury to carry out the bequest of Mr. Smith-
son.
Mr. ENGLISH. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
committee rise. [Cries of " No!" and " With-
draw it!"] I will not withdraw it. 1 stand by
my motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Seward's
amendment, and it was not agreed to, there being
on a division, ayes 56, noes 83.
Mr. PEYTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For continuation of filling up the ravine, and grading Ju-
dicial y sqiuuc, $-7,000.
All I have to say in reference to that amend-
ment is, that I have been requested by the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings to offer it.
Mr. J. GLANCY .TONES. The estimates on
which these amendments arc based were before
the Committee of Ways and Means, but were
omitted because the committee thought we could
get along without them, and desired to cut down
the appropriations as much as possible.
Mr. SEWARD. Is thatamendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is in order, being in contin-
uation of a work heretofore commenced.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the following clause:
•" For cleaning out the sewer traps on Pennsylvania ave-
nue, $3,000 "
Mr. BLISS. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man whether he boarded at the National Hotel
ast winter5 [Laughter.]
Mr. KELSEY. I did; but I do not think it is
the business of Congress to provide for work of
this kind.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I oppose the amend-
ment, and ask for a vote upon it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PALMER. 1 oifer the following amend-
ment:
Poi completion ot' cu •tom-llou-><, at Ellsworth, Maine,
$y.uoo.
For eonipl.iiion of custom liou^e ut Portsmouth, New
Ilumpsimc, {$30,000.
Pot cotii|)k'tn>(i o! cu«jom hou«e at llliode Maod,
including lenemu ami «n.idin^. ,^">,000. i
Poi completion of custom hutibc at New Haven, Con- !
necticut, $00 0.)0. j
Poi completion oCeu^toiu-house at Oswego, New Yoik, I
$10,000. |
Por completion of CHsiom-house at Plattbbui?, Now
Yoi U, $10,000
Por completion of custom-house at NewaiU, New Jei.-ev,
$H),000.
Por completion of cmtom-house at Norfolk, Vnginia,
$20,000.
Poi completion of cu.-,tom-hou>e at Peu&acola, Pluiida,
#.).OOU.
Por comjilcuou of e'Ktom-houye at St. Louis^ Mu'souu,
$•10,CO.).
p.i! completion otVu^tom liou«e at Mobile, Alabama, m-
elurti'ig ten--nig <uh1 p i\ £ >0 000.
P'ir completion or euMoni-t;uUie at Galena. Fllniois,
$10.00!).
Poi completion of custom-lioiMe at Milwaukee, U'e-eon-
&in, $10,000
Mr. ENGLISH. The only way to get rid of
this bill within any reasonable time, is to strike
out the enacting clause. Ihi't will bring the
bill before the House, where proper amendments
can be offered. I move to strike out the enact-
ing: clause of the bill.
Mr. GROW. I raise the same point of order
made by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mill- '
son,] the other day, that the motion is not in :
order in Committee of the Whole when debate i
has been closed by the order of the Hou?e.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules that j
question of order, and decides that the motion is I
in n;u,. i. i
Mr. MILLSON. I believe it has never been
attempted before to strike out the enacting clause
of an appropriation bill; and in order to test the
sense of the committee as to the authority of the
committee to strike out the enacting clause of an
appropriation bill, which must first be discussed
in Committee of the Whole, so as to cut off all
amendments, I appeal from the decision of the
Chair entertaining the motion.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to say that all the
amendments which ought to be adopted can be
moved in the House before the previous question
is called.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Under the rules,
no amendment making an appropriation can be
offered in the House, except by unanimous con-
sent. The rule says that every proposition to
appropriate money must first be discussed in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union."
Mr. BOCOCK. The remarks of the gentleman
may be a very good argument against striking out
the enacting clause.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You had better
call the previous question at once.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the striking out of the enacting clause would
dispose of nil the amendments, and bring the
House to a vote on the original bill.
Mr. ENGLISH. If there is any disposition
to go on, and dispose of the bill within a reason-
able time, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. MASON. I renew it, in order that it may
be voted down; because the gentleman has been
hanging it over us for the last two hours. [Laugh-
ter.] I withdraw the motion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I raise a question of
order on the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Palmer.] My point of oider
is, that the amendment is the same in substance
as the one olTeied yesterday by the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Eustis,] and rejected by
the committee.
Mr. PALMER. No, sir; it is not the same.
Mr. GREENWOOD. It embraces a number
of the same appropriations.
Mr. PALMER. Still it is not the same.
Mr. GREENWOOD. It may not contain all
the nppropnations for custom-houses and marine
hospitals that were embraced in the amendment
of the gentleman from Louisiana, but many of
them are the identical appropriations; and, there-
fore, 1 hold that it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I want to ask the Chair
a question. .Suppose I introduced an appropna-
ji tion forantarine hospital at Napoleon, Arkansas,
j! ami it was voted down; should { have a right to
i! intioduee the same proposition ogam ?
;; The CHAIRMAN. There is no such ques-
tion before the committee; and the Chair begs ,
11 leave to decline to decide questions which have
:i not arisen. j
jj Mr". PALMER resumed the floor. j
Ij Mr. GROESBHCK. I ask the gentleman from ;
|| New Yoik to accept the following as an addition !
i| to his amendment: !
Ij For completion of the n.aiine hospital at Cincinnati, :
j! Ohio, .-i.-.D.OOO. |
jj Mr. PALMER. Is that contained in the rec- j
!i onimendation of the Secretary of the Treasiuy5 !
;j Mr GROESBECK. It is. !
II Mr. PALMER. Very well; then I accept it. j
ij Mr. GROESBECK. I know that it is very ,
ij necessary. ,
!; Mr.PALMER. I hope the amendment which ;
'■ I have offered will prevail. It addresses itself to 1
j; the common sense of the House, and should meet j
I its unanimous approval. It rovers abouta dozen •
! cases where buildings have been commenced by [
; order of this Government, and almost completed; ;
: and the Seeietary of the Treasury, and officers'
! having the works in charge,recommend that these i
small sums shall be appropriated for their com- '
pletion. I know very well that the building at j
Plattsburg can be completed for $10,000. it is
estimated for by the Secretary of the Treasury,
as necessary to complete the building. The build- !
ing is nearly completed, bur.unless this appiopii- ■
ation is made, it will have to stand with the doors ;
and windows boarded up for another year.
Again, Captain Bowman states m his report 1
that its eonsti uctinn haVitig been to a great extent
of iron, it wi.i salfer veiy a re at damage by boing 1
left in its present condition. The appropriation
asked for is a very small one, and I hope the
amendment will prevail.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by appropriating $5,000 for the purpose of
completing the marine hospital at the town of
Paducah, in the State of Kentucky. My reason
for olfering this amendment I will "state to the
committee. During the last Congress, there was
appropriated $5,000 for the purpose of repairing
and refitting the marine hospital at Paducah, and
grading the grounds around it. The Committee
on Commerce recommended a bill appropriating
this amount of money, which was introduced by
myself; but the Committee of Ways and Means
cut down the appropriation to $5,000. They have
gone on and made some repairs and some im-
provements under the appropriation which was
then made; but the appropriation was notenough;
$10,000 would not have been too much; and that
wasthe amount recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Now, I will state that while I am not in favor
of our system of marine hospitals, yet if you will
look at the returns of this hospital, which is situ-
ated at the mouth of the Tennessee river, twelve
miles below the mouth of the Cumberland and forty
miles from the mouth of the Ohio, there me more
patients there than are at Louisville, or any other
point in the Mississippi valley, except New Or-
leans. This building has been erected by the Gov-
ernment, and it seems to me that Congress ought
to make an appropuation sufficient to complete it
and to preserve it from dilapidation and decay.
The Government must necessarily have to keep
it in repair, and hence I oil or the amendment
which 1 have, and which I hope the committee
will adopt.
Mr. EUSTIS. I ask the gentleman to accept
the amendment which was otfered yesterday, pro-
viding for other marine hospitals and custom-
houses
Mr. BURNETT. I am willing the gentleman
should have a vote upon his amendment, and will
accept it.
Mi. BRANCH. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New York,
and that offered by the gentleman from Kentucky.
During the last Congress several small appropri-
ations were made for the constiuction of public
buildings, mostly in States where only a small
amount of the public money has been expended.
Amongst others, there was a small appropriation
made for a building for the United States courts
in the,city of Raleigh, in the State of North Car-
olina. Yet, sir, not one dollar has evui been ex-
pended of that appropuation. The reason for it
was the condition of the Treasury; and I am sat-
isfied with the course pursued by the Secretary
of the Treasury. The reason 1ms been satisfac-
tory to me, and, I presume, has been to every
gentleman from a State in which similar appro-
priations have been suspended. As I understand
it, m some cases appropriations mrule two years
ago, remain m the Treasury untouched; and yet
gentlemen are now insisting that we shall appropri-
ate additional sums for precisely similar purposes.
I ask gentlemen of what, avail it is to make these
appropriation®? Why pile one appropriation upon
another, if the condition of the Tieasury is such
that even the appropriations which were made in
the last Congress cannot be expended ? Let us, at
least, wait for the Government to accomplish that
for which provision was made two years ago, and
which has not been accomplished in consequence
of the condition of the Treasury. If these amend-
ments were to be adopted, the sums appropriated
could not be expended. The laws which have
already passed making appropriations must be
executed before any of those provisions can be
earned out. I am opposed both to the amend-
ment to the amendment and to the original amend-
ment.
Mr. PHELPS. I understood the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. EusTib] to suggest to the
gentleman flora Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] to
modify his amendment, and that the amendment
was thus modified.
The CHAIRVIAN. The Chair understood
that the modification was made, and the question
is now upon the amendment as modified.
Mr. BURNETT. I had yielded the floor when
the gentleman from Louisiana asked me to accept
of a modification. I said I had no objection to
