1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Broderick.
Senate.
erty. and seeuied as such by all the protections of the law.
Solemn treaties have been J lamed, and national monopolies
eageily sought, to facilitate the commerce m this ass>eited
pioperty ; and all tins, with all the sanction of law, public
and municipal."
Mr. President, if a right of property, recog-
nized in all ages, sanctioned under Christian and
heathen dispensations, can be questioned now,
when the preservation of that right involves not
merely the prosperity, but the entire wealth, the
civilization and the very existence of the South-
ern States, has the honorable Senator from New
York no fears that at some future day some spec-
ulative mind may start the idea that if you are to
rest the right of property on the law of nature,
(of which I shall speak presently,) you may ex-
tend the investigation still further, and reach the
conclusion that," by the law of nature, man has no
right to property of any kind, except while in
his immediate occupation. It would be a most
attractive theory for the socialist. It would be
just as defensible and just as specious as the view
of the honorable Senator from New York as to the
right of the white race to hold negroes as slaves.
The difference ill effect would be, that while his
doctrine would simply devastate one section of
this country, its extension to the rightof property
generally beyond its actual occupation, would de-
stroy civilization throughout the continent. Such
doctrine is no novelty. La propriele c'est It vol, is
the language of the French socialist, Ptoudhom,
and his followers have not been few; nor would
it be difficult to find specious arguments in sup-
port of that delusion.
In either case, the answer is obvious. That
property is the result of the organization of man-
kind into civilized communities. It is a civil right,
arising out of the complex lelations induced by
civilization; and, unless it is considered desirable
to retrograde to a savage state, it must be protect-
ed without regard to visionary efforts to trace its
origin to some supposed law of nature. The pas-
sion for acquisition is indelibly implanted in (he
heart of man; and, if you deprive him of the
light of acquisition and transmission to his chil-
dren, you paralyze his energies, and lemove the
basis of progressive civilization. Tell the world
that man shall hold property which he hasacquired
only whilst it is in his actual possession and use,
and human progress terminates at once and for-
ever. So, too, if carrying into practice the doc-
trines of the honorable Senator from New York,
you can and do force upon the southern people the
emancipation of their slaves: the prosperity and
civilization of the South will pass away, her so-
cial fabiie be subverted, and her very name be
obhtcialed in the future annais of the country.
Sir, what is this law of nature? Do honoiable
Senators who deny rights of property recognized
by public and municipal law and by the law of
nations on the ground that it is contrary to the
law of nature, mean the primary or secondary
law of nature, acconiing to the theories of the
Roman lawyers' They tell us that the primary
law of nature " consists of those instincts which
are common to all animals, such as mutual affec-
tion and the like." Of course that can afford no
rule of property applicable to civilized communi-
ties. The secondary law of nature is defined as
consisting of those institutions " which natural
reason lias established among mankind." In Us
modern acceptation the law of nature means notli-
in'T more than natural justice and equity—the law
ofethics. If that be the law of nature referred to,
theanswei is, that the natural law ofethics founded
on man's infirm reason, which even m the brightest
intellect is too often perverted and clouded by dis-
ease, by the passions, and other causes, has been
superseded by tile revealed law, lor the purpose
of human obligation, in ail Christian communi-
ties. BUckstone wutesthus:
" Yet, undoubtedly, tlie i,wealed law i* of infinitely more
fUltlienticily than iliat lnoial t->clein wlueh is named by
ct'meal wi itow. and denominated natural law. iioc.iuseone
is the iaw of nature, e\piessly declared to be by God
the otin-i is only wlirn, by the assistance of lunn.ui
rii.iMm, we to !>,; that law."
Looking to the revealed law of God, if you take
the Jewish dispensation—and it is, beyond con-
troversies, that under it slavery was authorized
not only of Jews to a limited extent, but perma-
nent slavery, chattel slavery of the heathen-
even though you regard that dispensation as ap-
plicable only to a peculiar people under peculiar
circumstances, it requires great confidence in hu-
man intellect to pronounce institutions formed
under the immediate mandate of the Creator a
violation of any law of morals or of ethics. Pass-
ing from that to the advent of our Savior; search
through the New Testament, and though slavery
was then the law of the civilized world, though
slavery was all around Him, and His mission
was to reform the morals as well as the religion
of the world, where do you find His condemna-
tion of this institution, or inhibition of the right
of property in man, as violative of the law of
morals? Sir, it is a political institution, founded
on the progress of civilization and the natural re-
lations of races in this world.
When gentlemen indulge in denunciation of
negro slavery as a violation of the law of God,
and of the laws of nature, whatever respect I may
have for them individually, I attach little weight
to that opinion which attempts to establish a re-
finement of the law of morals as a rule of human
conduct and human legislation, which is not rec-
ognized in the revealed will of the Almighty.
Mr. President, there are other views and facts
in relation to the relative condition of the two
races which exist in this country, which I had con-
templated presenting, but I forbear, as I have al-
ready trespassed longer upon your patience than
I intended. I trust that Kansas will be admitted
into the Union, I trust that even on the other
side of this chamber they will weigh the fact that
their great object can be effected, and Kansas
made a non-slaveholding State by the Legislature
elccted under the present constitution. I am
confident the cost in money would never weigh
with them, and the right of compensation for
property taken for what is deemed a public good
should be freely acknowledged, as it wafs recog-
nized property when the constitution was formed.
They can achieve their object by the Legislature
which has been elected in Kansas providing a
sufficient fund to pay the owners for the value of
the less than three hundred slaves now there, and
then have full authority to abolish slavery in
Kansas by mere legislative enactment. If that be
as I believe, the real basis of the contest with them,
| and they desire the permanence of this Union,
| why should they seek to keep up an agitation
j which cannot subside whilst Kansas remains ina
| Tenitorial condition?
J Sir, this Union has hitherto withstood many
1 trials in the contests of sections and parties, and I
| would fain hope, almost against belief, that it may
endure through many more. Hut Senators may
, rely that we cannot lemain a united people, if the
I non-slaveholding States, acting up to the declara-
; tions of the honorable Senator from New York,
persistently continue agitation with a view to the
• emancipation of the negro slaves of the South. I
have confidence, however, in the intelligence of
the northern masses, and believe that when they
truly appreciate that the real and ultimate object
' of these incessant attacks upon the institution of
slavery, is to place the negro on an equality with
the white man, their decision will rebuke agita-
tion, and preserve the Union. My confidence is
increased by the fact that whenever this question
of equality of races has been hitherto presented
i to the people of any northern State, except Mas-
sachusetts, they have uniformly sustained the
ascendency of their own race.
Mr. BRODERICK. Mr. President, in De-
cember List, when the President's message was
under discussion, I promised that if ever the Le-
compton < onstitution was presented to the Sen-
ate, 1 should have some opinions to express in
regard to it. Since then the whole subject has
been so thoroughly debated, that little 'remains
I to be said, and"! would not now detain the Sen-
ate if it were not for views expressed by Repub-
lican Senators in favor of a restoration of the
! Missouri compromise, and,particularly, the opin-
ions expressed by the Senator from New York,
! [Mr. Seward,] in which he regrets its repeah
! Sir, if it had not been for the repeal of the Mis-
! soun compromise, there would now be no Re-
publican narty in existence. Instead of uttering
regrets at'its repeal, the Republican party m the
i North should rejoice that it made the Territories
! a common battle-field in which the conflicting
| rights of free and slave labor might struggle for
i supremacy.
The history of the Missouri compromise can
be briefly told. It was passed by southern votes.
The few northern men who supported it, were
consigned to oblivion immediately on their return
to their constituents.
At the time it passed, it was considered a tri-
umph for the South. The South rejoiced at the
victory. The North, after a murmur of discon-
tent, gave in its adhesion. At the time, the con-
stitutionality of the act was not questioned. It
received the indorsement of Mr. Monroe and his
Cabinet, the majority of whom were southern
men. For twenty-five years tranquillity reigned
throughout the country.
Early in the session of 1845, a joint resolution
was introduced in the House of Representatives,
for the admission of the Republic of Texas as a
State into the Union. This resolution reaffirmed
the Missouri compromise. It passed the House
of Representatives, obtaining almost the unani-
mous votes of southern members; it passed this
body by southern votes. Thus, it will be seen,
this reiinactment of the Missouri compromise was
conceived by southern men,and brought into ex-
istence by southern men. The South exultingly
claimed it as another victory over the North.
Among the Senators who addressed this body
on the question, was the present President of the
United States. I quote from his speech. Mr.
Buchanan said:
'■lie was pleased Willi if (the luncweil compromise.)
atrain, bccai^o it settled the question of slaveiy. The.se
resolutions went to reestabhsll the Missoun compiotmse,
by fixing a hue within which .slavery was to be in future
confined. That controveisy had nearly shaken the Union
to its center in an earlier and better penod of our Iimoi v;
but this compromise, should it be now rcestabh>iie<l, would
pi event the iceurrcncc of similar dangers liereaiter Should
this question be now left open for "one or two years, the
country would be involved m nothing hut one pcipetual
struggle. We should witness a feveris-h excitement. in the
public nund; paities would divide on thp dangerous and
exciting question of abolitionism ; and the histation might
reach such an cxtieme as to endanger the existence of the
Union itself; but close it now, and it will he closed forever.
" Mr. B. said he anticipated no time when tlie count* y
would ever desire to stretch its limit* beyond the Rio del
Norte ; and such being the case, ought any lriend of the
Union to desiie to see this question left open any longer?
Was it deniable again to have the Missouri question bi ought
home to the people, to  oad them to furyThat question
between the two great interests of our country had been
well disc-iist-cd and well decided; andfromth.it moment
Mr. H had set down hi- foot on the solid ground then es-
tablished, and there he would let the question stand lot ever.
Who could complain of the terms of that eompiom-se ? Tl
wa>5 then settled that noith of 36° 30', s-lavery should be
forever piohibited. The same line \va* fi\ed upon m the
resolutions iccently received Irom the Home ot Represent-
atives, now before us>. The bill troni the House foi the es-
tablishment of a teriitorial-governnieutin Oregon, excluded
slavery altogethei ftom that vast couuiiv- How vain woio
the tears entoitained in wine quaiters of tlie country that
the siaveholdmg States would ever be able to control the
Union ! While, on the other hand, the teais entertained in
the v^outh and West, as to the ultimate success of the Ab-
ohstioni.sts, wete not less unfounded and vain. South of
the compromise line of 36® 30', the States within the hmirs
of Texas applying to come into the Union, wcie left to de-
cide for themselVe* whether they would permit slaveiy
within their limits or nor. And under this free permission,
he believed with Mi. Clay, (in his letter on the subject of
annexation.) that if Texas should be divided into five
States two only of them would be slaveholdmg, and three
free States."
Can it be possible, that the man who uttered
these sentiments could be chosen as the mouth-
piece to foreshadow the opinion of the Supreme
Court, in which the constitutionality of the act is
denied; or, that the attorney who argued the case
against the slave Dred Scott, and, in accordance
with the opinion of the court, could, when a
Senator on this floor, have used the following lan-
guage. Yet it is recorded, that Mr. Reverdy john-
son, of Maryland, said:
'c He believed in the existence of the power in Conorcss to
pas? a law to prohibit slaveiy, and if i>uch a law were -pre-
sented to the Supreme CourtJor a decision onits constihi-
tionality> it would he in favor of the law. a judicial ques-
tion, the decision wnnhl be against protection to the Sou.Vi.
On a bill providing temtonal governments for Oregon* Cal-
ifornia, and New Mexico, lie had &aid that he fshouui him-
self have submitted an amendment adopMncr the Ime of tha
Missouri compromise, had he not horm anticipated m
motion by a Senator irom Indiana,'[Mr. Urighst."}
The marked feature of this opinion is, that the
Constitution is extended over the Territories.
The " great expounder of tlie Constitution" (Mr.
Webster) differed from the Supreme Couit. i
will icad his remarks on the subject, which were
called forth by an. amendment offered by Mr.
Walker, of Wisconsin, providing a territorial
