1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
ranks of that great army which is warring upon j ^
the constitutional rights of one section of this !i
Confederacy. The first false step from the ranks IJ
of the Democratic party having been taken, they i|
went on and on and on, until they found them- j|
selves in company which I am confident my friend !
from Indiana has no affinity for whatever, and ;
where I am sure I would deeply regret to see him. ;
But, sir, I have not risen for the purpose of de- j
livoring a lecture to my friend, nor to those who 1
agree with him ill sentiment. I shall vote for the ;
admission of Kansas into the Union under the j
Lecompton constitution, and I have obtained the
floor for the purpose of stating my reasons for so ,
doing. I trust that I have not been actuated by j
selfish motives in coming to this determination, it
is not alone because 1 see in the accomplishment
of my desire that benefits are to arise to the State
which I in part represent, but because I believe
it to be a measure of justice, by which peace will
be secured to the people of Kansas, and harmony
and brotherly feeling restored to the people of the
whole country. I wish to localize this question.
I am anxious that it shall be removed from these
Halls. I am desirous to see the country relieved
from an agitation which has resulted in no good,
and which, if continued, may lead to the most
fearful consequences. I see but one way by which
these ends can be accomplished, and that is by
the prompt admission of Hansas into the Union.
The peace and quiet of the country demand this
at our hands, and these considerations outweigh
all questions of mere party or sectional triumph.
In the few remarks which I design to present
in the advocacy of this measure, I do not propose
to enter upon any new fields of argument. In-
deed, were I disposed to do so, it would beadif-
ficult task to attempt to add anything to what lias
already been said in support of it. I regard it as
a question upon the determination of which much
depends, no matter which way it may be decided.
I wish to approach the subject in a spirit of can-
dor and fairness. I do not intend to conceal the
fact that the people of that portion of the Confed-
eracy where I live feel, and justly feel, that their
independence and equality are at stake in the ad-
justment of this question; but, nevertheless, I
will not undertake to induce others to agree with
me by threats or menaces. I have long since de-
termined neither to say nor do anything which
tends to weaken the attachment of our people to
their Government, or to sever the ties which bind
together the States of this Confederacy; but, upon
the contrary, actuated (as I believe I am) by an ;
honest zeal for my country's welfare, and inspired j
with a brotherly affection for the people_of every |
section- of the Union—North, South, Last, and ;
"West—and conscious of the obligations which
rest on me as a representative of the people, I
shall endeavoi to promote, in my lmmole way,
and with the best judgment I can command, the
prosperity, the happiness, alia greatness, of a |
common country.
Unhappily for mankind, the dangers which were
foreseen by the fathers of the Repubbe, anu of ■
which we have received many faithful and solemn
warnings, are upon us, and threaten us with dis-
asters of such a character that no man can calcu- |
late them. Every question of any magnitude
which presents itself assumes a sectional cast
before it has been long under consideration. _It
an appropriation to pay necessary expenses in-
curred already, or about to be incurred, is pre-
sented, it is not long before some watchful and
never-sleeping " freedom-shrieker" shrewdly dis-
covers m it a plot to advance the interests of the
"slave power," and thus crush the so-c?!!ed spirit
of liberty. Is an effort made to increase the Army
to crush out rebellion m some distant Territory,
it is no sooner done than it is insultingly said that
its object is to aid a tyrannical chief Executive m
forcing upon the necks of an unwilling and mar-
ty^i^d people institutions anu laws not then own,
and against which thev_most solemnly protest.
Has an officer of the j\avy, in violation of the
laws of nations, and in disregard of our obliga-
tions of peutiahty, invaded neutral territory and
tiki 11 citizens motive, pretenses are soon found
" * - • for his gallantry, andrea-
the " peculiar" institution. Does a new State pre-
sent her constitution, and ask for admission into
the Federal Union, she is welcomed to the glori-
ous sisterhood if she comes with a free-State con-
stitution. Our ears are shocked with no threats
of " disunion and civil war," nor are our tastes
offended by unjust and unparliamentary reflec-
tions upon the characters and institutions of other j
States. But, sir, if, in the exercise of her sover-
eign rights, and in the limits of her constitutional
authority, she sees proper to form a constitution
like those of the fifteen southern States, and then
asks to be admitted into the Union on an equality
with the original States, how changed the scene!
it is immediately said that slave labor and free
labor cannot exist together. The South is charged
with a desire to encroach upon the rights of the
North; our institutions are abused ; our people in-
sulted; our independence derided and scorned.
Such has been the case, sir, in every instance i
where slave States have been admitted into the '
Union. It was so with Texas, and Arkansas, and
Missouri. Even when they have been admitted,
it has been through scenes of excitement, and in
some instances with conditions and provisions
inconsistent with their sovereignty, and insulting
to their independence.
Sir, we have not been unmindful of these things.
We have not been unobservant of that power
which has_ been gradually yet surely growing
in strength and importance, and which to-day
threatens to brand us as inferiors and vassals, in j
a Confederacy which recognizes us us equals and j
sovereigns. If we had been actuated by that ag-
gressive spirit with which wc have been charged,
mi°"ht we not have avoided this calamity ? In the
original organization of the Federal Government,
' there were twelve out of thirteen States which
recognized African slavery as a part of their in-
stitutions. Might not these twelve States have
maintained their supremacy in the Government?
Might they not, by prudent counsels, and, had
they been actuated by selfish considerations, and
desires for power, have disregarded principle and
looked only to their own safety and independ-
ence' But, sir, what has been the history of
this'question? From twelve they have grown to j,    .......
fifteen, whilst from one the so-cn'lled free States people. Every voter m the 1 erntory was called
' _ . . . . 1 II    . i . 1- _ I . ~ 1 1 . L n .r Kin vrlnlTrfi Apl tnll
the-soul and life of the Federal Constitution, tha
Democracy of the country, North and South,
staked their existence upon this issue. They
were not guided and directed by that selfish spirit
which their enemies charged them with entertain-
ing. They did not favor the repeal of the Mis-
souri restriction, and the establishment of the
great doctrine of non-intervention, because they
believed that thereby the institutions of the South
aloae would be benefited. Those who utter that
charge are guilty of the vilest slander upon the
patriotic masses of the North and South, who, in
the eventful contest of 185G, were found united
and doing battle under the banner of the Democ-
racy.
I will not here endeavor to follow the Territory
of Kansas through the many difficulties which
have embarrassed her since the formation of her
territorial government. They are familiar to every
one, and need not be recited. That wrongs have
been done there, no one who is familiar with her
history denies. That individual cases of violence
and outrage have been perpetrated by persons
who have gone there from the North and from the
South, is equally certain. No man regrets this
more than I do; but I hold that with it we have
nothing to do further than to aid in the execution
of law, and in the maintenance of constituted au-
thority. Why these scenes of violence and dis-
order are so constantly paraded here, I cannot
understand, unless it be intended thereby to keep
open the wound produced by sectional excitement,
which, it occurs to me, every loyal citizen ought
to endeavor to heal. The excitement which grew
out of these difficulties had spread its poisonous
contagion throughout the country, until every
good citizen longed for its settlement; and we all
looked, with es<rer hope, to that happy result,
when it was known that the Legislature of the
Territory had authorized the election of delegates
to a convention to form a constitution preparatory
to the admission of Kansas into the Union as an
independent State. The delegates were elected,
the convention assembled, and the constitution
was framed. The only question which had di-
vided and excited the people of the Territory and
of the States, was submitted to the decision of the
have increased their number to sixteen, and will
soon be increased to eighteen. And is this og- j
gression? Do those facts sustain that class of j
complaining politicians, who, disregarding the ,
! history of the past, as well as their obligations to [
truth, still prate about the " slave power," and i
its aggressions upon the interests of the northern :
States ? Sir, can any intelligent man in the North,
or anywhere else, listen with patience to those
men, who, having no merit of their own, sepk to
obtain position by perversion of history and^ by
an unwarranted crusade against those whom they
ou<?ln to regard as friends", and not as enemies?
When the Kansas-Nebraska bill became a law
of the land, it was hailed as a measure winch was
to bring peace to a distracted country. It was
regarded as a measure of justice which was tor-
ever to withdraw the question of slavery fiom
Congress, and leave it where the Constitution h-it
it—to be detei mined by the people of the Terri-
tory, and to be by them settled in their owii wny,
ct onlv to " the Constitution of the United
on to express, at the ballot-box, his views oft the
question of African slavery. If he desired its ex-
istence in the new State, he had an opportunity
to say so by his vote; and it, on the contrary,
he thought it unwise and inexpedient to establish
it theie, he had the 1 isrht and the opportunity to
say so by his vote; and whatever might be the
verdict of the majority was to be the fundamental
law, until changed by the competent authorities.
On the day fixed by law for the election, a majority
of the votes which were cast decided in favor of
African slavery.
It is said that only a minority voted, and that
the will of the majority was not thereby expressed.
1 hold, sir, that no man has any legal authority
for coming to such a conclusion. But let us ad-
mit, for the sake of the argument, that it is true:
are we to be thus trifled with? Are we, by our
action here, to await the pleasure or caprice of
factious and disorderly men, who have shown
by tneir conduct that they are ready and willing
to hazard not only the peace of the Territory,
suoiect omv 10 ** uie ^cmsuiuuun <_>i m*.-   t ,,-k
Stages " In the discussion and settlement of ti.at , but the peace and quiet and safety of the whole
question it was ascertained that there mo two j; country, by their disregard-for laiv buppost,
parties in this countrv: one contending for the ; sir, that we were fX.?examn'ir'1's> Xv'e say
principle that Congress had the power to legislate , I would be the effect of oui exampx. b.iall we saj ,
in all things whatsoever for the Territories, and
calling themseives the Republican party—a name,
which, like their principles, was a usurpation and
a fraud, and which " to be hated needs nut to
be seen;" and the other, the Democratic party,
I which, following m the pathway of the !■ cithers
I p^ipKl£ p^of'lhL I! P™p^ to vote, U was not because a,Opportunity
i SLS&-1 rss™;:;;?-,., w&s'isszz
r^,oty4c red in lherrigiit Of 'j and Abolition, sis to vote was butm obedience to
lei ...one. _ t- ution m their own way, !; the instruccions of their friends in the States, who
framing tneirown ^ ^ op(mi|) ord(,r thatthey
mio-ht still further inflame the public mind, and
. ^ , , , i. . •.    ftf.- u
because a portion of our people—a majority of
them, if you pleoso—were to rot use to vote at all
Oil our election day for President or other officers,
that therefore we are to let the Go\ernment stand
still, and await the wlums of such men ? Sir, it
is a doctrine which strikes at once at the very
root of popular government, if they did not see
for conipiimentiier inm
sons given lor suramin
it is feared that m tlie i
tory ui the £5ont.h,bv~
him; and ail this because
requisition of mote teni-
tory ui me oou'.n, uv progressive an^ innom- ,
itable spirit of our people, there will be new muds ,
opened to southern enterprise, and new outlets for i
subject onlv to the Constitution of the
btales." Upon this issue the contending parlies
entered the memoiable contest of 3bo«:ana t.ie
result was, the ele'v.iion of the present ■ y '■ <x~
ecutivc to tlie !:eM(l ot tiie Government. ij.-.ii . j
imbued with tin great doctrine of non-iir.erve.i-
tion, advocating and defending it, because it was |
not only just, but because in it they recognized ,
thus the more certainly advance their own selfish
ends. I believe this to be true, sir,and I have no
h<"Ut.etion in so dt'eiann™. «
Hut. sir, passing from this part of the subject,
I ask what is the question to be_decided by this
Congress ? Is it, shall we admit Kansas as a btate
