1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
at once, and thus forever settle this question, and
take awav from agitators their only source of ex-
citement and discontent? Or shall we refuse her
application, give new energies to the enemies oi
popular liberty, and endanger again the peace and
quiet of the country r As for myself, I have no
hesitation in coming lo a conclusion. I would
admit her at once as a State, on terras of perfect
equality with the original States; give her a place
in the bright constellation, and hail her as a sister
worthy <>f our kindest care and tenderest solici-
tude. I would rescue her from that band of law-
less marauders who have grown fat upon her blood,
and made themselves happy in her desolation. I
would place her where she, in her own power, and
clad in her own garments of sovereign strength,
can protect her people from outrage and wiong
without the help of Federal armies, or Federal
power. But, sir, when tliese things are within
our control; when we have it in our power to re-
lieve ourselves from all the difficulties which have
incumbered us since 1854 with regard to this ques-
tion, we are startled with the announcement that
it must not be done because there has been no
enabling act. That the Black Republican party
should have taken this position would have as-
tonished no man; for it was expected that that
party would assume any position, however untcn-
• able, unwarranted, or ridiculous, to cripple the
energies of the Administration, and thus better
their chances for the succession. I say,sir, that
we expected their opposition. We have long and
patiently endured then* insolence and borne their
misrepresentations, and we have expected their
opposition. But 1 was not prepared to look for
opposition in some quartets from which it is com-
ing. i confess that 1 was no little surprised when
it was announced that the admission of Kansas
into the Union was to be resisted, and one reason
that was assigned was, that Congress had failed to
pass an enabling act. When the admission of
California into the Union was under consideration
in the Senate of the United States, this same ob-
jection was urged against that measure. But a
distinguished Senatoi [Mr. Douglas] met the ob-
jection in a speech of great power and eloquence,
n portion of which was ably commented on by my
friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar.] I give a
portion of that speech because U contains argu-
ments applicable to the present question, which
are,in my opinion, the best answer to that objec-
tion that can be given. 1 commend them, and the
whole speech, to those members who have unred
this objection to the admission of Kansas. The
Senator said:
" Surely you will not punish the people of California for
your own sms—sins oi emu-sum, it not or commission. The
people of California weie entitled to a government, ought
lo iiave had one, and it h not their fault that one not
given lo them. Nor was it my fault. It will be recollected
by cveiy Senator present—and 1 tiust the tact will not be
forgotten by the countiy—iluit mote than one year ago, in
December, 1846, I In ought in a bill to .mthouze the people
of Cahtbmta to form a eonstitnuon and State government,
and to conic into the Union. Had that lull pa-M>d, the pro-
ceedings would have been regular. IC very I lung then would
have been pioseiibed by law, and done neeonlnig to law,
so that the most fastidious could linve lound nothing to com-
plain of. The people of C;di,onua would then have done
in obedience to law pieeiseiy what they have don'* without
law. The previous absent of Conjtro.s* would have been
given; the qualification ol voters defined ; the mode oi'con-
ducting elei lions' pres-eribed ; the time and place lorthe con-
vention to assemble fixed, and, in jdioit, all the rules and
foim> of proceeding would have been Csjablij-hed bv law,
accoidmg to the mod appioved pifcedeutt5. I pret-scd the
passage of that bill upoa (Joiigie*-, dining tin; whole of the
ta.-t session, fioni the firot week until tne |a t day. Out it
failed; mid why ? Tin; aigum.'iit* uiged again-t ltwem,
anions others-, that it was unnecessary ; tlieie wa* no .-atis
lactory evidence that the people ol that country desired it;
and n they did, tliey could lorm then eon- !Uution and pre-
sent thenisclvrv tot ndniiJoion at tin? session without an act
of Congtcss authorizing it. ju>t a- well as with. PronedenH
were tetcrred to {or tiie pui po>e of showing that such a law
\va4 wholl> umiece!5s.ir\, <u m the ca^e of Vermont, Ten
nessee, Maine, Michigan, and p°rhap* others, whoio noth-
ing ol the Kind w:is requited. Well, the [nil was defeated ;
and the people or California, acting upon the^e ^uggesttons,
and ielving upon the precedents citcd, have foiuji'd a con-
stitution and presented themselves lor admi-Mon. Now they
are to he told that tliev cannot he lecetvcd because Con-
gress faded to Mich u law, and the proceedings aie
i regular without u. 1 do not pieci-cly uudeir-tand what is
meant by the irregulai itje^ ol these pioceeding-. 1 haw
examined the piecedents us all the cases in winch new
Stai< s iiave br en admitted into Uic Union, fiom Vetinout
to Wisconsin. I will not go over them m detail and point
out i he p 'cuharine.? in each o.w; that duty has been well
perfoinud bv the ^ .'nator nom Maine, in Ins speech alow
davs ajo Th'i,r> precs-denN -.!><hv tliar there l; no estab-
lished lule upon the -ubject; each case stands upuuita own
peculiar state of facts.
" There arc several cases in which thcie had been no pre-
vious assent by Congress ; no census taken; no qualifica-
tion for voters prescitbed ; and, in short, when they were
situated precisely as CalUoinia now is."
The Senator, in another part of the same speech,
went on to say:
<{ Whose tights have the people of California usurped?
| Certainly not the rights of the Untied States, for tboy ex- j
pressly acknowledge oursovereignty—they claim to belong ;
to us—and only a>k that they may be permitted to enjoy
the same rights and privileges with us." * * * ,
'• What provision of the Constitution of the United States ;
havethey infringed? They recognize to the fullest extent :
thatConstitutionas-the paiamountlaw, and have formed for |
themselves a State constitution in strict obedience to it." j
" f hold that the people of California had a right to do j
what they have done. Yea, that they had a moral, political, ■
and legal tight to do all they have done." j
He farther says:.
" Have the people of the Territories of the United States
no rights? I had supposed the principle was universally
conceded in tins country, that all inen have certain inherent
and inalienable rights; and I have yet to learn upon what
grounds the people of the Territories are to be excluded
from the benefit of this principle. I hold, also, as a politi-
cal axiom, that all mankind iiave an inherent and inalien-
able tight to a government."
Thus spoke the distinguished Senator from Illi-
nois, when it was proposed to admit California
into the Union as a State. It will be perceived
that the same objections were urged against that
measure that are now urged against the admission
of Kansas; and the arguments and facts adduced
in favor of that measure will apply equally well
to the present question. Rut now, sir, gentle-
men oppose the admission of Kansas, and give,
among other reasons for their action, that Con-
gress has failed to pass an enabling act. I have
not referred to the position occupied by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, for the purpose of making him
appear inconsistent, but because his arguments
against the doctrine of refusing to admit a State
because Congress has failed to pass an enabling
act, are clear and comprehensive, and because
they weigh heavily in determining the grave and
important question now before us.
j t wili thus be seen, sir, that when the question
for the admission of California (afree Slate) was
under consideration, there was no indignation
manifested by that distinguished gentleman, be-
cause there was no enabling act; but when Kan-
sas comes, with a constitution recognizing and
establishing slavery, itissaid that a great outrage,
a great violation of law, is about to be committed,
because there has been no enabling act. Sir, it
is not for me to say why there should be so man-
ifest and decided a change- in the opinions of dis-
■ tinguished men. But if I were to venture the
opinion that it is because of the fact that Kansas
does establish slavery, whilst in California it was
prohibited, that changes have been effected in the |
minds of Senators and Representatives, I hope I ;
would offend no one. j
Again, sir, when the same question was under j
debate in the House of Representatives, I find that i
my fiiend from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] when ad- I
diessmg the House, advocated the immediate ad- ,
jj mission of California into the Union with her j
|j constitution and proposed boundaries. He said,
,< (Appendix to Congressional Globe, page 410,
j, Thirty-First Congress, first session:) I
i: Mi .^Chairman, T am foi the adtnis^on of California ai
a State into thw l"nion—Cali'orniu, as she is with her con-
stitution ami proposed boundaries, f wit-h hei to be admit-
ted now; I wis.Ii no temandins, a thing that nevci wa« done
at all, and never on^ht to be done in Mich a case a* thi->."
" The organization of government m California was the
wink of the people, urged by tne neco>s|ty which existed
from the uenluet ot C<>nsrres«. U the people have a >i<;ht lo
govern themselves-, they have n light to ouginato govern-
ment. The people ot Cahloi ma have nobly e\e: ci-ed that
ri-^ht. and now a?k Congress bur to confiun what the\ have
done. It wiil affmd me plea-are to vote tor that emniriua-
tion at tne earnest possible moment."
Here, sir, is high authority, coming as it does
from a gentleman of talents and spirit, a gentle-
man who has, from my first acquaintance with
him, commanded my highest regard and friend-
ship; and I would commend his arguments, mule
then, to all who doubt the proprioly of .idmutur;
a Stare into this Union bccausc Congess has failed
to puss nn enabling act.
1 will pass by the fact, merely alluding to it, that
by some able men it has been contended that the
Kansas-Nebraska hill was of itself an enabling
act. It was certainly intended by that act to
allow the people to regulate their affairs in their
own way; and I am at a loss to understand how
those gentlemen, who oppose the admission of
Kansas into the Union because the constitution
was not submitted to a vote of the people, can
deny that the organic act was an enabling act;
for they say that it was the true intent of that
bill that the constitution should be submitted to a
vote of the people. Then the act must have con-
ferred the power to create a constitution; for How
could it be submitted until it was first framed 5 To
those gentlemen whose action here is attempted
to be justified by precedents, I would observe,
that, on that score, the cases arc about equal. It
must be known to every one who has given the
subject any attention, that there are piecedents
on both sides of the question. Acts of Congress
were passed previous to their admission, author-
izing the Slates ofOhio, Louisiana, Indiana, Mis-
sissippi, Illinois, Alabama, Missouri, and Wis-
consin, to form constitutions preparatory to their
admission into the Union. But in the cases of
Vermont, Tennessee, Maine, Arkansas, Michi-
gan, Florida, Texas, California, and Iowa, no
such acts were passed.
But, sir, whilst I have referred to these prece-
dents, I have done so more for the benefitof those
who rely much on precedents than for the pur-
pose of justifying my own action. As for my
part, whilst I am always anxious to know what
has been the course pursued by the great and good
men of the past, yet, I confess that I have but
little faith in what are termed precedents. I believe
that every measure ought to stand or fall oil its
own merits, regardless of all precedents; and I
will endeavor always to shape my course so as to
do what I think to be right and just and proper,
though a thousand precedents may be against me.
Thus, sir, it will be seen that resistance to the
admission of Kansas into the Union, under the
Lecompton constitution, for the reason that Con-
gress has failed to pass an enabling act, is neither
justified by reason and argument, nor by prece-
dents; and, having said this much with regard to
this part of the subject, I pass to the other objec-
tions urged by those who have taken grounds
against the Administration on this question.
It has been said, that because the whole consti-
tution was not submitted to a vote of the people
for their ratification or rejection, the great doctrine
of popular sovereignty was violated; and that for
this reason we ought to refuse to admit Kansas
into the Union. I do not agree with those who
argue thus; for, sir, whilst 1 would not object to
the principle of allowing the people of any Terri-
tory or State to vote directly on their fundamental
law, yet I can, by no means, come to the conclu-
sion, that because they have seen proper to do
otherwise, and delegate to their representatives
the power to form their constitution, the doctrine
of popular sovereignty is violated. Our govern-
ments, State and Federal, are representative in
their character. Can it be said that the laws
which we enact here do not embody the will of
our constituents, because they are not all sub-
muted for their ratification, after we have enacted
them? And is it true that the Legislatures of the
various States, in regulating the domestic con-
cerns of the people, do not represent the popular
judgment? Are not their enactments in fact the
acts of the people? It may not be true, sir, and
doubtless it is not true, that every law which has
received the sanction of the Legislature does re-
flect popular sentiment properly and entirely;
but in the meaning of the phrase, when applied
to our system, it is true in theory, that the repre-
sentatives of the people are the people. Sir, it was
the business of the people of Kansas, not ours,
whether they would have their constitution sub-
mitted to themselves for ratification. They did
not see proper to do so. If sovereignty resides
with the people, the right to delegate their author-
ity is inseparable from their sovereignty. The
j right to delegate their power is as impoitant^to
I the people as the right to act for themselves. The
: people of Kansas, through their lawful agents,
! the delegates, framed their constitution in their
| own way, and ratified it in their own way, as
j was very forcibly argued by my friend and col-
| league, [Mr. Avert;] and, in my humble opinion,
I if we complain that they have formed their con-
j stuution in their own way, as they had ji right
! to do under the wise provisions ot the Kansns-
i Nebraska bill, and demand of them beforfc they
| are admitted that they shall form it m ottr way,
j or as we may choose to dictate to them, or that
i they shall ratify it in a manner prescribed by a
