THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C."
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1857.
New Series. .. .No. 10.
There is neither gold or silver in the Treasury,
nor have you provided one dollar for the redemp-
tion of these notes.
. Mr. HUGHES. I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman to one point. I wish to ask him
whether the stocks which he is in favor of issuing
have not coupons attached to them, which may
go into circulation as a currency?
Mr. GROW. I have not examined this bill as
it came from the Senate*, and I know not what
provisions it may have on that point. I can only
say, therefore, to the gentleman that I have never
known of the coupons attached to bonds going
into circulation as a currency. I do not think
they would ever enter into circulation. But, sir,
when one of these notes has an indorsement upon
its back, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] yesterday remarked, it is upon its
legs and it may go forth to the country to return
whenever it pleases. But by this bill you can-
not force it to come at any time. But, sir, au-
thorize a loan and you draw specie forth from the
vaults and hoarded closets, and put it into cir-
culation.
This crash has come upon the business interest
not because the country is bankrupt. The coun-
try was never richer than at the present moment.
It is true tho country owes $400,000,000 abroad,
for the building of railroads, but the railroads are
constructed, and form part of the real wealth of
the country. In nine eases out of ten, where fail-
ures or suspensions have occurred, it has not been
in consequence of want of means, for it has been
shown that their assets far exceeded their lia-
bilities.
How can the Governmentassist in bringing back
the business of the country to us ordinary courser
It cannot be done by legislation, 1 admit. But
when you are providing for raising the revenue
with which to pay your debts, if you can aid in
accomplishing that result, it is your duty to do
it. It is the duty of the Government, under the
circumstances, to take such steps, so far as may
be in its power, as shall draw out of its hiding
places some part of the $100,000,000 which is
thus withdrawn from circulation. The Govern-
ment has but to advertise for a loan, to obtain in
three days all it wants. Wall street is as full of
specie as it ever was. You then securc to the
circulation the amount borrowed, and thus aid
• in relieving the business of the country. Ex-
pansion of currency tends to increase prices
of property. But, for the last six years there
has been an expansion of our currency by the
working of the mines of California, by which
$200,000,000 have been added to the coin of our
country. That of itself would have enhanced the
price.
[The committee here informally rose and re-
ceived a message from the Senate, by Asbury
Dxcicins, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed the joint resolution
of the House, amending an act entitled " An act
to regulate the compensation of members of Con-
gress, approved August 16, 1856." The com-
mittee again resumed its session.]
Mr. GROW. I shall trespass but a short time
longer on the patience of the committee. I have
thrown out the suggestions I desired to make upon
this bill, to shadow the reasons which will control
my action on the final vote of the House upon
the bill.
In my judgment, itis an unwise policy for this
Government to pursue in any case, to issue paper
promises to pay, when, by the statistics of the
country, you have an abundance of hard money,
which only needs to be drawn into circulation
for the business purposes of the country. Let
not the Government, then, add to the ills of the
country by adding what represses the circulation
of coin. The Government should, when the
wants of the country demand a loan, borrow
from those who have hoarded up the coin, and
infuse it into the veins and arteries of the busi-
ness of the country. The life-blood of trade is
a currency resting upon a metallic basis, con-
vertible, at all times, into specie.
10
I propose, in the proper place, to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
That the President of the United States be authorized to
borrow, on the credit of the United States, not to exceed
$10,000,000, in such sum or sums as the exigencies of the
public service may require, and i«sue therefor the stock of
the United Status, bearing interest at sucii rate as may be
fixed by the Secretary ot the Treasury, subject to the ap-
proval ol the President, but not to exceed six per cent, per
annum, for the sum so boriowed, redeemable within one
yeai from the date of issue : Provided, That no stock shall
be issued at a less rate than its par value : Provided, also,
That the autlioiity herein granted shali expire on 30th of
June, A. D. 18.39.
I propose to limit the amount to $10,000,000,
instead of $20,000,000; and that the Government
shall borrow the money instead of issuing Treas-
ury notes. For I think the Secretary of the
Treasury has fallen into an error in proposing to
throw out these Treasury notes, and I have lim-
ited the amount to $10,000,000, because the Sec-
retary of the Treasury says that he does not
know that $20,000,000 will be needed. He says:
"Though the amount of .$20,000,000 will not,in all prob-
ability, be needed at an early day, if at all, yet it is deemed
best that tiie Department bo authorized to issue and keep
out that j>um.,?
I am opposed to putting out any of this paper.
It is to keep it in, that I ask that it be borrowed.
This scheme seems to provide what the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Bishop] claimed the
other day to be the effect of these notes—the sup-
ply of a currency, the issuing of paper to be used
as such. Pay your debts, like an honest man in
the business transactions of life. You go to your
debtor, and ask him to pay $100. He says, ""No,
I cannot do it." " Have you not the means to
pay?" " Yes, I have property enough to pay,
but i have no money. I will give you my note,
payable a year hence, with such interest as I
choose to fix." Would you not consider that a
dishonest transaction ? Your debtor having the
ability to borrow, it is his business to go into the
market and borrow to pay you. It would be dis-
honest thus to pass off paper, while he could bor-
row and pay. Equally open to objection, in my
opinion, is the system proposed by the Adminis-
tration, while at the same time they inflict a great
wronguponthe business transactions of the coun- ]
try by adding to Us paper circulation. j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor, i
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the gentle- ■
man from Virginia to yield me the floor, that I
may submit a motion that the committee rise,
with a view to move, in tjie House, to limit the
debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I yield, if I do not
lose the floor thereby.
Mr. ADRAIN. I believe that I am entitled to
the floor.
The CHAIR. The Chair did recognize the
gentleman from New Jersey a short time since; '
but it was while tho gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Grow] was upon the floor. The Chair sub-
sequently recognized the gentleman from Virginia,
and he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. As the gentleman
has yielded to me, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and Mr.Phelps reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of ;
the Union had, according to order, had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly Senate bill (No. 13) to authorize the
issue of Treasury notes, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move the usual
resolution to close debate upon Senate bill (No 13) '
within one hour after the committee shali again
resume the consideration of the same.
Several Voices. Say two hours.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will make ittwo
hums.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to amend by sub-
stituting one hour.-
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There seems to be
some misunderstanding in reference to the agree-
ment of the House, this morning, as regards lim-
iting speeches to twenty minutes. The question
is, whether that agreement is applicable to this
bill?
The SPEAKER. The understanding of the
Chair is that the consent of the House, to which
the gentleman refers, was given to House bill
No. 4.
Mr, J, GLANCY JONES. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to extend that ar-
rangement to this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then I move that
all debate be limited to twenty minutes in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion.
Mr. J, GLANCY .TONES. Task the unani-
mous consent of the House then.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Cannot the gentleman move
to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. Not to-day.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that speeches on Sen-
ate bill No. 13, in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, shall be limited to twenty
minutes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object, sir.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move, then, that
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of Senate bill (No. 13) to authorize the
issue of Treasury notes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will say to the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Adhain,] that
I shall not occupy more than thirty minutes.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask the gentleman to yield
me the floor for twenty minutes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will give the gen-
tleman a portion of my time, if I do not lose the
floor by so doing.
Mr. STANTON. I object to any farming out
of the iloor in that manner.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will not occupy
more than twenty minutes, so that tho gentleman
from New Jersey will have an extra chance of
getting the floor.
Mr. ADRAIN. I certainly understood that
I was recognized by the Chair, and entitled to the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from New Jersey at a time when the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] had
not concluded his remarks; and the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Smith] was recognized at the
close of the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. ADRAIN. I had a conversation with the
gentleman from Virginia, and he agreed that if I
would occupy only a few minutes, He would yield
me the floor.
Mr. KEITT. Certainly; but the House ob-
jects to that arrangement.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman wril
have a chance after I have concluded.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from New Jersey proceeding now ?
Several Members objected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It would have af-
forded me sincere pleasure to yield to the gentle-
man from New Jersey; but, under the circum-
stances, objection being made, I trust he will not
consider me as wanting in courtesy, as it is not
in my power to oblige him.
I desire, Mr. Chairman, to submit very briefly
my views upon this subject, and, in passing, to
