1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
majority of Congress, we violate the great doc-
trine of non-intervention, and open afresh the
wounds which have so lorn; afilietrd the country.
A majority of the States that have been admitted
into the Union since the formation of the Federal
Constitution, came in without having had their
constitutions first submit'ed to the vote of the
people. Many of them did thus vole upon their
constitutions, and ratify them; and to thatjdanl
offer no objection, where the people of the lerri-
tories themselves see proper to take that course.
But shall it he said that all those States which
have been added to the Confederacy, which did
not take that course, committed great outiages
and violations of sacied principles? Does any
one assert that an outiage was committed when
my own native State was ad mitted into the tjnion,
because her people had confidence in the integrity
and honor of the delegates who molded her fun-
damental law.; and because they saw proper to
abide by its provisions without having first voted
oil it themselves ? Itstrikes me, sir, that.it would
be going very far for any one to assume that po-
sition; and that it cannot successfully be main-
tained by any course of reasoning. Sir, they who
are the real friends of popular sovereignty, and
who honestly believe that the doctrine, when fairly
and properly construed, leads to a submission to
the vote of the people of every question involved
in the fundamental law, may be excused for their
course, to some extent, on this question. If they
believe that in no other manner can the popular
will be made manifest, I say, sir, that in my heart,
1 can find some excuse for their action, were this
the only consideration involved in the question;
but I can find no cxcuse, even for them, when I
consider the other great results which a wrong
step may bring about. But, as for the Black Re-
publican party—that party which has for its fun-
damental doctrine that Co tigress hasfullandentire
authority to legislate in all things whatsoever for
the people of the territories, and which denies to
the people thereof the right to govern themselves
in their own way—it has no excuse for its pre-
tended love for the will of the majority; and 1 con-
fess that I can hear them prating about popular
rights and the freedom of the people with no other
than feelings of disgust.
Sir, have they not resolved in their platforms,
and published it to the-world, that Congiess lias
authority to legislate in all things for the people
of the Territories ? Have they not pledged them-
selves, before the people and on this floor, time
and again, never to vote for the admission into
this Union of any State in which slavery is tol
eraled, though all its inhabitants might favor that
institution? And will one honorable member of
that party rise in his plaee and announce that he
is ready to vote for the admission of a slave State,
under any circumstances ? No, sir; no, sir. Take
this from their platform of principles, and the
I Democrats who were here in that Congress, in the
' hour when, of all others, they could not well spare
I a man from their ranks—1 My, sir, it is no matter
J of astonishment that ho is found in the company
; he is now in. If the President ever expected him
1 to come here and sustain his Administration on
; this'question further than the gentleman thought
! it would advance his own political ends, 1 say,
I sir, Mr. Buchanan is nut so good a judge of men
! as I had sfiven him credit for being, and by far
more hopeful in his dispns.tion than most of his
j friends on this floor. ' The member was kind
enough to warn us not to read too many men out
1 of the paily. Sir, [ claim no authority to read
| anybody out of the party, nor do I think that the
Democracy have yet conferred that power on any
member here. Dot, sir, if they had conferred it,
and were I the one who was to act in the capacity
of " reading out" refractory members, there are
some whose sins are so heinous, and whose
treachery to Democratic principles so palpable,
that I would not stop to read them out; no, sir;
I would he in such hot haste tD get rid of them
that I would resort to some more summary method
of ejecting them.
But, sir, so far as the member from Pennsylva-
nia is concerned, there would bo no necessity for
cither of these processes of getting rid of him. Sir,
if he was ever a Democrat, (and 1 deny that he
ever was, except in name,) he has read himself
out of the party: and no one need put himself to
any further tiouble on his account. Jf he was
ever a member of the great Democratic church, I
am sure he did not "enter in through the strait
gate;" he must have climbed over the walls; and
you all know the category in which a certain high
authority places such a character.
But the most remarkable portion of the gentle-
man 'a speech was his closing sentence—remark-
able because it contains an imputation upon the
people of the northern States—upon his own con-
stituency. He says:
" The time In - come at fast, and not ton soon, when n now
requisition will l>c mule by northern eO'isntufnciG*—au
earnest and m ml v defence or tuii tliern honotami ot northern
tight-*, w!i 1-t giving tlic* iitmo-t demand* of ju.^ico to their
bn-thien of the Sourh. It uiiprudoiublr to i:i- i-t upon so
much equality, then wo have jeaelied l!k' eml of national
nt.u fui m«, and the b"2i:tnin<: of sectional Presidents—to niv
mind the la-r calaanty to b ' sin vivi'd ; for then will begin
tho>e act-* of a^'jie--avc interfoiencc which, leading to pio- j
ti acred and (lo.-nUtmsw iw.nuweml w (MablMmisj .uno.i" ,
Uuldien ot the tanu blood the cui.-l icluion of conqueror I
and cauiive." |
Dili the member from Pennsylvania moan to j
insinuate that, up to this time, northern constit-
umcics have not required a u manly and earnest j
defense of northern honor and northern right^"' j
Docs he mean to say that heretofore they have .
been content to be not equals, but infeuois in this
Confederacy> If he does, su, I, from my knowl-
edge of the character and history of my country-
men in the northern States, deny the truth of his
insinuations*, and I have no hesitation in asseit-
nartv would be at an end. And yet we are, from   , , .
dav to day, having Ions; speeches from members |t ing that they arc not the Clinging, submissive
of that party, arguing "that Kansas ought not to n vassals which his language makes them appear
be admitted because, they say, the Leeonipton
constitution is not the will of the people, and be-
cause there has been no enabling act. Is it not
remarkable to hear gentlemen arguing thus, when
they know, and when we ail know, that not one
of them would dare to vote for the admission ot
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution, had
they proof " strong as Holy Writ" that eveiy
man, woman, and child m the Territory approved
it? Sir, who that has been at all obseivantof the
course of the Black Republican party on these
questions, believes, for a moment, that there is
any sincerity in these pretended objections which
they urge to the admission of Kansas? Does not
every one know that the true reason which actu
to be.
The gentleman assumes to himselfthe leader-
ship in making these " new requisitions," when,
as he says, northern honor and northern rights
are to be" vindicated, in that d xy when " national
platforms ate to have an end," and when i( sec-
tional Presidents are to have a beginning," which
are, in his opinion, to lead to " protracted and
desolating wars," and which u must end in es-
tablishing among children of the same blood, the
cruel relation of conqueror and captive." Sir,
I would regret to see such a state of things; but
if unhappily it should ever come, I am veiysure
I will be on the opposite side from the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. Yet I would regret to
ates them is their deep-rooted and eternal hatred ][ sec the brave and generous people o ic
to the South, her people, and her institutions? i; em States under the leadership of a man, w >,
There is one gentleman [Mr. Hickman] who | he prove not more true to this new cause, w
has sooken on this subject, who, in the very be- i: he assumes to be theirs, than, to ot let causes
ginning of Ins remarks, to!d us that he was an | which he has espoused, may W1 10U
early, earnest, and sincere advocate of Mr. Buch-
anan's election to the Presidency of the United
a commander when most they need one.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. won't-
States, and ho now (xpi'esses hisdeep regret that i gomert] took the ground that in voting foi the
he is forced to differ
to his present policy
he is forced in differ with the President in relation i admission of" a State we thereby indorse the liio-
Ue.s.o,ccu> i gii% [hat membo,. w!)s |K;(.eas ; V,S10I13 0f its constitution. Sir, I was astonished
- RF^rrseiitaiive in the Thirty-Fourth Congress; ! that a gentleman ot so much leputation as lu
anil to those who observed his course then, I sup- , member enjoys, should have taken such ap ■ -
nose it is no matterof surnrise that lie occupies his ; tion; and I was the more astonished when I n -
resent nosition on this question. To those who ; membcred that he professes to be a Democrat,
witnessed his desertion of that Spartan band of would not have astonished me if the senior mem-
ber from Ohio [Mr. Gideings] had taken that po-
sition; for he boldly declares that he has a right,
and it is his duty to look into the provisions of
State constitutions, and reject them if they do not
suit hia taste. I3ur, sir, ! have ever thoughtthat
the doctrines of the Democratic party forbid us
looking further into the constitution than simply
! to inquire whether it is republican in form. What
' else is the doctrine contended for by the gentle-
: man from Pennsylvania, but intervention of the
j rankest and most odious nature? If his doctrine
I be correct, he can never vote for the admission of
j a slave Stale, no matter how large a majority of
its citizens may favor the institution of slavery;
and he will see that he has placed himself upon
distinct Black R^pibliean ground.
In voting for the admission of Kansas and of
Minnesota, (and I expect to vote for both,) I do
not understand that I indorse every provision in
either of their constitutions. There are, doubt-
less, provisions in both of them that I do not like;
and, indeed, I know of clauses which, had 1 been a
citizen of either Territory, I would have opposed.
| Yet these constitutions are republican, and the
| people have made them to suit themselves, and I
I hold that it is no business of ours that they have
! seen proper to incorporate provisions in the fun-
damental law which I c.uinotapprove. If the rule
argued for by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
be correct, I doubt whether another State, free or
slave, could ever be admitted into this Union, for
the representatives coming from thirty-one differ-
ent States could rarely ever agree that any con-
btitution was perfect, in their opinion. There is
but one legitimate inquiry for us to make, after
I we have decided that the people of any given Ter-
| ntory are entitled to a State government, and that
• is: do they present us a constitution republican
! in form >
I But it is alleged here, and in the other end of
I the Capitol, by the press of the Opposition, and
j by their orators, that fmuds have occurred in the
j recent local elections in Kansas; and, sir, they are
loud in theirdenunciationof thesefraudsnnd these
I pretended outiages upon the rights of the people of
Kansas. They condemn the constitution framed
at Lecompton, as not having received the sanction
of the majority of the people, and call that doc-
umenta fraud andan outrage. I shall not endeavor
to exhibit the folly tmd falsity of these assertions,
by showing that every man, who had a right to
vote ri Kansas, could have voted at the election
! for delegates to frame the constitution, and, at a
! later election, on the adoption of that instrument;
, this task having been already performed by the
I clear, explicit, and patriotic message of the Pres-
idenl accompanying the constitution now before
n Congress. My object is simply to call the ntten-
Ji tio i of the country to the inconsistency and in-
lj sincerity of those who clamor so violently about
h popular rights and popular sovereignty, as it rc-
;[ Lues to Kansas; because one of the institutions
!' of the southern States is involved in the question,
![ and lightly pass over greater frauds and outrages,
i: and a greater violation of popular rights charged
j] to have been committed nearer home, in a State
i adjoining to this Distnct—oy, sir, I may say al-
'' most in the vei y shade of this Capitol—a violation
of the dearest rights of freemen, m which the white
| men of the country alone are interested. I speak
of these things without having any personal
knowledge of their truth or falsity; but we ha\e
the same authority for the one that wo have for
the other. During'the past fall, two elections were
! held in the State of Maryland; one in the city of
i Baltimore for local officers, and the other through-
' out the State for State officers and members of
Congress.
It, is charged, sir, that, at the first of these elec-
tions, fearful outrages were committed; that old
men, who were born in that city, and who had
for more than thirty years exercised the highest
as welt as the dearest right of freemen—the right
of the elective franchise—were driven from the
pulis; that hundreds of others, legal voters, were
scourged and beaten, and prevented from voting;
hundi edsmore, who wereenthled to vote, through
fear of the armed bands who surrounded the polls,
kept away, preferring rather to lose their votes
than to lose their lives. It is charged, further,
that, while our party was thus outraged, tue
other, the dominant party, not only had free ac-
cess to the polls, but the ballot-boxes were per-
mitted to bo packed with fraudulent and illegal
