1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr, Broderick.
Senate.
by the South, no complaint can be made if the
North avails herself of the concession. Senators
had better consider before they talk of dissolution,
and first understand if the perpetuity of their be-
loved institution will be more securely guarantied
by it. The question of dissolution is not discussed
by the people of California. I am not at liberty
to say, if the people I in part represent are denied
by Congress the legislation they require, they will
consider it a blessing to remain a part of this Con-
federation.
The Senator from South Carolina very boast-
ingly told us, a few days since, how much cotton
the South exported, and that " cotton was king."
He did not tell us that the price of cotton fluctu-
ated, and that the South was at the mercy of the
manufacturers. Suppose, sir, the 'sixteen free
States of the Union should see fit to enact a high
protective tariff, for the purpose of giving employ-
ment to free labor, would cotton be king then ?
Why, sir, the single free State of California ex-
ports the product for which cotton is raised, to
an amount of more than one half in value of the
whole exports of the cotton of the slave States.
Cotton king! No, sir. Gold is king. I repre-
sent a State, sir, where labor is honorable; where
the judge has left his bench, the lawyer and doc-
tor their offices, and the clergyman his pulpit, for
the purpose of delving in the earth; where no
station is so high, and no position so great, that
its occupant is not proud to boast that he has
labored with his hands. There is no State in the
Union, no place on earth, where labor is so hon-
ored and so well rewarded; no time and no place
since the Almighty doomed the sons of Adam to
toil, where the curse, if it be a curse, rests so
lightly as now on the people of California.
Many Senators have complained of the Senator
from South Carolina for his denunciations of the
laborers of the North as "white slaves," and the
" mud-sills of society." I quote from his speech:
" In all social systems there must be a class to do the
menial duties, to perform the drudgery of life. That is a
class requiring but a low order of intellect, and but little
skill. Its requisites are vigor, docility, fidelity. Such a
class you must have, or you would not have that other class
which leads progress, civilization, and refinement. It con-
stitutes the veiy mud-sill of society and of political govern-
ment; and you might as well attempt to build a house m the
air as to build ei ther the one or the other except on this mud-
sill. Fortunately for the South, she found a race adapted
to that purpose to lier hand—a race inferior to her own, but
eminently qualified iu temper, in vigor,in docility, in capa-
city, to stand the climate, to answer all her purposes. We
use tliem lor our purpose, and call them slaves. We found
them slaves by the ' common consent of mankind,' which,
according to Cicero,' lex natura est;' the highest proot of
what is nature's law. We aie old-fashioned at the South
yet; it is a word discarded now by' ears polite.' I will not
chaiactenze thatela=s at the North with that term; but you
have it; it i  theie ; it is everywhere ; it is eternal."
*. * -V v > * * * * * *
" We do not tliink that whites should be slaves either by
law or necessity. Our slaves aie black, of another and in
ierior lace. The status in which we have placed tliein is an
elevation. They are elevated from the condition in which
God first created them, by being made our slaves. None of
that race on the whole face of the globe can be compared
with the slaves of the South. They are happy, content, un-
aspiring, and utterly incapable, from intellectual weakness,
ever to give us any trouble by their aspirations. Yours are
white, of your own race; you are brothers of one Wood.
They aie your equate in natural endowment of intellect,
and they feel galled by their degradation. Our slaves do not
vote. We give them no political power. Yours do vote,
and being the majority, they are the depositaries of all your
political power. If they knew the tremendous secret, that
the ballot box is stronger than'an army with banners,'
and could combine, where would you be ? Your society
would be teconstructcd, your Government overthrown, your
property divided, not as they have mistakenly attempted to
initiate such pioceedmgs by meeting in parks, with arms in
their hands, but by the quiet process of the ballot-box. You
have been making war upon us to our very hearth-stones,
flow would }(>u like for us to send lecturers and agitators
North, to teach these people this, to aid in combining, and
to lead them?"
I, sir, am glad that the Senator has spoken thus.
It may have the effect of arousing in the working
men that spirit which has been lying dormant for
centuries. It may also have the effect of arousing
the two hundred thousand men, with pure white
skins, in South Carolina, who are now degraded
and despised by thirty thousand aristocraticslave-
holders. It may teach them to demand what is
the power—
" Lmk'd with success, assumed and kept with skill,
That molds another's weakness to its will;
Wields with then hands, but, still tothcni unknown,
Makes even their mightiest deeds appear his own?"
I suppose, sir, the Senator frsm South Caro-
ls i<:w Series—No. 13.
Una did not intend to be personal in his remarks
to any of his peers upon this floor. If I had
thought so, I would have noticed them at the
time. I am, sir, with one exception, the young-
est in years of the Senators upon this floor. It
is not long since I served an apprenticeship of
five years at one of the most laborious mechani-
cal trades pursued by man—a trade that from its
nature devotes its follower to thought, but debars
him from conversation. I would not have alluded
to this if it were not for the remarks of the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, and the thousands who
know Chat I am the son of an artisan, and have
been a mechanic, would feel disappointed in me
if I did not reply to him. I am not proud of this.
I am sorry it is true. I would that I could have
enjoyed the pleasure of life in my boyhood's
days; but they were denied to me. I say this with
pam. I have not the admiration for the men of
the class from whence I sprang that might be ex-
pected; they submit too tamely to oppression, and
are too prone to neglect their rights and duties as
citizens. But, sir, the class of society to whose
toil I was born, under our form of government,
will control the destinies of this nation. If I were
inclined to forget my connection with them, or
to deny that I sprang from them, this Chamber
would not be the place in which I could do either.
While I hold a seat here, I have but to look at
the beautiful capitals adorning the pilasters that
support this roof, to be reminded of my father's
talent, and to see his handiwork.
I left the scenes of my youth and manhood for
the " far West," because I was tiied of the strug-
gles and jealousies of men of my class, who could
not understand why one of their fellows should
seek to elevate his condition above the common
level. I made my new abode among strangers,
where labor is honored. I had left without regret;
there remained no tie of blood to bind me to any
being in existence. If I fell in the struggle for
reputation and fortune, there was no relative on
earth to mourn my foil. The people of California
elevated me to the highest office within their gift.
My election was not the result of an accident.
For years I had to struggle, often seeing the goal
of ambition within my reach; it was again and
again taken from me by the aid of men of my own
class. I had not only them to contend with,but
almost the entire partisan press of my State was
subsidized by Government money and patronage
to oppose my election. 1 sincerely hope, sir, the
time will come when such speeches as that from
the Senator from South Carolina will be consid-
ered a lesson to the laborers of the nation.
This Lecompton constitution will pass this
body. If it should pass the other House, it will
become a law. The South will rejoice at another
triumph. Such triumphs constitute her defeat.
Since this Lecompton constitution has been be-
fore the Senate, the Administration has seen
proper to attempt to make its acceptance a party
test, and its organs have sought to read out of the
party all the Democrats who have had the bold-
ness to denounce the frauds by which it was cre-
ated .
Among the men thus sought to be ostracized,
are the great captains and generals of the party,
who so gallantly fought during the last presiden-
tial contest,""and without whose exertions this
very Administration would have no existence.
Let the Administration take heed that the party
does not read it out. I deny the rightof the Ad-
ministration to make a party test; it is a power
that exists only in the Democratic masses. The
dictation of self-appointed party leaders shall not
be the test of my democracy.
I cannot, as the representative of a free people,
consent by any act of mine to coerce the people
of Kansas to accept a government they abhor. I
have no fear that the people of Kansas will permit
this constitution to be enforced in the event of its
becoming a law. If they do permit it to be en-
forced, they deserve to be subjected to the most
abject slavery, and should be made to work under
the lash of those who framed for them this con-
stitution. .
Mr. President, in the views I pre-viously ex-
pressed on the Executive message, I said that the
President of the United States should be held re-
sponsible for the difficulties in Kansas, This
remark was considered startling at the time, and
was the subject of much censure. Recent develop-
ments have confirmed me in the correctnesSof the
position I then took, and from the expression of
public opinion that has reached me, I am satis-
fied that a majority of the people of the'country
unite with me in holding him to this respoc.iibif-
ity. ' :
Much has been said about not submitting the
constitution of Kansas to the people, and a conlr
parison has been drawn between itand the consti-
tution of Minnesota. I agree with the friends of"
Lecompton that it is not an objection that should
be fatal to the admission of a State into the Union,
that such constitution has not been submitted to
the people, if it be ascertained that the people, as
in the case of Minnesota, favor admission.
Entertaining these views, I would not oppose
the admission of a State with a clause in its con-
stitution tolerating slavery, if I were satisfied thit
it was the expressed wish of a majority of the
people.
It is a conceded fact, not requiring discussion
or argument, thatfour fifths of the people Of Kan-
sas are opposed to the Lecompton constitution.
It was a fraud from its very inception. Every
election in that Territory, looking to this consti-
tution as a result, was founded in fraud. Sen-
ators who have preceded me have stated at length
the history of these frauds, and I will 'now only
refer to some of them, as the facts have not been
disputed. In one precinct of that Territory,
(Kickapoo,)one thousand and twenty-nine votes
were polled on the alleged adoption of the Le-
compton constitution; while the board of commis-
sioners appointed by the Eegislature of Kansas
to investigate the subject, state that there are not
more than four hundred legal voters in that dis-
trict.
At another precinct (Shawnee) there were re-
turned, as having been polled for the Lecompton
constitution, seven hundred and fifty-three votes.
The census of this place shows thirty houses and
one hundred and fifteen legnl voters. When the
poll list left this town the record of names cov-
ered -four pages of paper, when it reached Mr.
Calhoun it covered fifteen pages. At still another
precinct, (Oxford,) twelve hundred and sixty-six
votes are reported as having been polled. The
census shows forty-seven white inhabitants.
It is notorious that the people of a neighboring
State were permitted to vote at this election, at
such precincts, and as often as they desired. The
names of people are recorded in the poll lists as
having voted, who had been dead for months.
But why enumerate these disgusting details? The
facts are before the people. They are known to
the President. He continues to keep the men in
office who are charged with the commission of
these frauds. The result of all their enormity is
before us, in the shape of this Lecompton consti-
tution, indorsed by him. Will not the world be-
lieve he instigated the commission of these frauds,
as he gives strength to those who committed
them > This portion of my subject is painful for
me to refer to. I wish, sir, for the honor of my
country, the story of these frauds could be blot-
ted from existence. I hope, in mercy, sir, to the
boasted intelligence of this age, the historian,
when writing a history of these^ times, will as-
cribe this attempt of the Executive to force this
constitution upon ail unwilling people to the fad-
ing intellect, the petulant passion, and trembling
dotage of an old man on the verge of the g>-ave.
Mr, GREEN. It was the common understand-
ing among Senators that the Senate would take a
recess until seven o'clock to-night, and that the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] would then
address the Senate on the subject under consid-
eration. Wi?h that view I move that the Senate
now take a recess until seven o'clock. I wish to
state that no vote will be taken until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate toik
a recess until seven o'clock, r. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.,
and the galleries, vestibule, and passages were un-
usually crowded. When Mr,, Douglas entered
the Chamber lie was greeted by applause in the
galleries. . . ,
. Mr. GWIN. I wish to make amotion,to which
