194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March SS
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
X hope there will be no objection; it is, that the
ladies be permitted to occupy the privileged seats
on the floor of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to make,
except that the Senator from California has quite
unkindly taken my motion and appropriated the
honor of it himself. [Laughter.] 1 second the
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that ladies, who aie in attend-
ance without, be allowed to occupy the privileged
seats in the Senate Chamber. It requires unani-
mous consent. If there be 110 objection the Chair
will allow them to be admitted. The Chair hears
no objection. The Doorkeeper will admit the
ladies.
The enunciation of the decision was received
with applause from the galleries, which was
promptly checked by the Vice President. Ladies
were then admitted to such positions as were at-
tainable; and members of the House of Repre-
sentatives took possession of such Senator's seats
as were vacant, and the aisles.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will be
good enough to come to order. All persons in the
Chamber will obtain seats as soon as possible, so
that the proceedings may go 011. When the Chair
directed the Doorkeeper to admit ladies on the
floor, there were demonstrations of applause in
the galleries and on the floor. The Chair feels
quite sure that it is unnecessary to do more tlmn
to suggest to persons present that it is improper
at any time to disturb the deliberations of the
Senate by such demonstrations, and ho hopes not
to find it necossary at any future time to check
them.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. lfil)
for the admission of the Stale of Kansas into the
Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I know not
that my strength is sufficient to enable me to pre-
sent to-night the views which I should like to
submit upon the question now under considera-
tion. My sickness for the last two weeks has
deprived me of the pleasure of listening to the de-
bates, or of an opportunity of reading the speeches
that have been made; hence I shall not be able
to perform the duly which might naturally have
been expected of me, of replying to any criticisms
that may have been presented upon-my course,
or upon my speeches, or upon my report. I must
content myself with presenting my views upon
the questions that are naturally brought up by
the hill under consideration, I trust, however,
that 1 may be pardoned for referring briefly, in
the first instance, to my course upon the slavery
question during the period tliat 1 have had a seat
in the two Houses of Congress.
When I entered Congress, in 1843,1 found upon
the statute-book the evidences of a policy to ad-
just the slavery question and avoid sectional agi-
tation by a geographical line drawn across the
continent, separating free territory from slave ter-
ritory. That policy had its origin at the begin-
ning of this Government, and had prevailed upto
that time. I11 1787, while the convention was in
session, forming the Constitution of the United
States, the Congress of the Confederation adopted
the ordinance of 1787, prohibiting slavery in all
the territory northwest of the Ohio river. The
first Congress that assembli-d under the Consti-
tution extended al! the provisions of that ordi-
nance, with the exception of the clause prohibit-
ing slavery, to tile territory south of that river,
thus making the Ohio river the dividing line be-
tween free territory and .~!ave ten itorv, free labor
and slave labor.
Subsequently, after the acquisition of Louis-
iana, when Missouri, a portion of that territory,
applied for admission into the Union as a State,
the same policy was carried out by iiilopiing the
parallel of 36° 30', north latitude, f.om '.he w< st-
ern border of Missouri, as for westward as our
lorritory then ex landed, as the ba-rier bet we.-n free
territory upon tlie one side, and slave !orr;tn>-y
11 pon the other.
Thus the question stood when I first entered
the Congress of the United Slates. I examined
the question when the proposition was made tor
the annexation of Texas, in 1845; and though I
was unable to vindicate the'policy of ageograph-
icalline upon sound political principles, still, find-
ing that it had been m existence from the begin-
ning of the Government, had been acquiesced in
up to that time.by the North and by the South,
and that it had its origin in patriotic motives, I
was anxious to abide by and perpetuate that pol-
icy rather than open the slavery agitation, and
create sectional strife and heart-burning by at-
tempting to restore the Government to those great
principles which seemed to me to be more con-
sistent with the right of self-government, upon
which our institutions rest. For this reason I
cordially acquiesced, in 1845, in the insertion into
the resolutions for the annexation of Texas of a
clause extending the Missouri compromise line
through the Republic of Texas so far westward
as the new acquisition then reached. I not only
acquiesced in and supported the measure then,
but I did it with the avowed purpose of continu-
ing that line to the Pacific ocean, so soon as we
should acquire the territory. Accordingly, in
1848, when we had secured New Mexico, Utah,
and California, from the Republic of Mexico, and
' the question arose in this body in regard to the
krnd of government which should be established
therein, the Senate, on my motion, adopted a
proposition to extend the Missouri compromise
line to the Pacific ocean, with the same under-
standing with which it was originally adopted.
The Journal of the Senate contains the following
entry of that proposition:
" On motion of Mr. Dougi.as to amend the bill, section
fomteen, lino one. by inserting after the word * enacted'—
f that the line of 33° *30'of north latitude known as the Mis-
soimeompiomiselme,a* defined by tfte eighth section ol an
act entitled " An act to anthoiize the people of the Missouri
Territory to form a constitution and ritttte government, and
for the admission of said State into the Union on an equal-
ity with the original States, and to prohibit sdavury in cur-
tain rlVintonc"5,"appmved March 6, l&JO, he, and the same
is hereby, declared to extend to the Pacific ocean, and the
said eighth section, together with the compromise therein
elFceted, h hereby revived and declared to be in full force
and binding foi the future organization of the Terntories of
the United ritates in the same sense and with the same un-
dqist.imhng with which it was originally adopted.'
•k It was determined in the affirmative—yeas 32, nays 21.
" On motion of Mr. Baldwin, the yeas and nays being
desired by one fifth of the Senatois present—
Those who voted in the affirmative, arc
''Messrs. Atchison, Hadger, Uell, Benton, Berrien. Bor-
land, Bught, Nutlet, Calhoun, Cameion, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dickinson, Douglas Downs, Fitzgerald, Foote,Ilan-
ncgan, [lou«ton. Hunter, Johnson of Maiyland, Johnson of
i Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewis, Mangum,
j Mauon, Metcalfe, Peaice, Sebastian, Spiuance, Sturgeon,
i Turncy. and TJndci wood.
>* Those who voted m the negative, are
" Mes*r<. Allen. Atherton, Baldwin, Bradbury, Breeze,
Claike, (Jorwin, Davis of M.i^aehusett«, Dajton, Dix,
Dodge, Felch, Green, Halo, Humlui, Miller, Miles, IMielps,
Upham, \Valkei,and Webster.
kt So the proposed amendment was agreed to.""'
Thus it will be seen that the proposition offered
by mo (o extend the Missouri compromise line
to the Pacific ocean, in the same sense and with
the same understanding with which it was origin-
j ally adopted, was agreed to by the Senate by a
} majority of twelve. When the bill was Kent to
' the Elouse of Representatives, that provision was
! stricken out, I think, by thirty-nine majority. By
that vote, the policy of separating free territory
1 from slave territory by a geographical lino was
abandoned by the Congress of the United States.
It is not my purpose on this occasion to inquire
whether the policy was right or wrong; whether
its abandonment at that time was wise or unwise;
that is a question long since consigned to history,
and I leave it to that tribunal to determine. I only
! refer to it now for the purpose of showing the
! view which I then took of the question. It will
be seen by reference to the votes in the Senate
and House of Representatives, that southern men
i in a body, voted for the extension of the Mis-
souri compromise line, and a very largo majority
of the northern men voted against it. The argu-
^ ment then made against that'policy of ageograph-
1 ieal line was oiio which upon principle it was dif-
ficult to answei. It was urged that if slavery was
' wrong north of th" line, it could not be right south
' of the line; that if if was unwise, impolitic, twid
, injurious no tee one side, it could not be wise,
, poiuie, and judicious upon the other; that if the
| people should be left to decide the question for
| themselves on the one side, they should be en-
: titled to the same privilege on the other. I thought
these arguments were difficult to answer upon
principle. The only answer urged was, that the
policy had its origin in patriotic motives, in fra-
ternal feeling, in that brotherly affection which
ought to animate all the citizens of a common
country; and that for the sake of peace and har-
mony and concord, wc ought to adhere to and
preserve that policy. Under these considerations,
I not only voted for it, but moved it, and lamented
as much as any man in the country its failure;
because that failure precipitated us into a sec-
tional strife and agitation, the like of which had
never before been witnessed in the United States,
and which alarmed the wisest, the purest, and the
best patriots in the land for the safety of the Re-
public.
You all recollect the agitation which raged
through this land from 1848 to 3850, and which
was only quieted by the compromise measures of
the latter year. You all remember how the ven-
erable sage and patriot of Ashland was cailcd forth
from his retirement for the sole purpose of being
able to contribute, by his wisdom, by his patri-
otism. by his experience, by the weight of his
authority, something to calm the troubled waters,
and restore peace and harmony to a distracted
country. That contest waged fiercely, almost
savagely, threatening the peace and existence of
the T7nion, until at last, by the wise counsels of
a Clay, a Webster, and a Cass, and the other
leading spirits of the country, a new plan of con-
ciliation and settlement was agreed upon, which
again restored peace to the Union. The policy
of a geographical line separating free territory
from slave territory was abandoned by its friends
only because they found themselves without the
power to adhere to it, and carry it into effect in
good faith. If that policy had been continued, if
the Missouri line had been extended to the Pacific
ocean, there would have been an end to the slavery
agitation forever, for on one side as far west as
the continent extended slavery would have been
prohibited, while on the other, by legal implica-
tion, it would have been taken for granted that
the institution of slavery would have existed and
continued, and emigration would have sought the
one side of the line or the other, as it preferred
the one or the other class of domestic and social
institutions. I confess, sir, that it was my opinion
then, and is my opinion now, that the extension
ij of that line would have been favorable to the
jl South, so far as any sectional advantage would
Ij have been obtained, if it be an advantage to any
11 section to extend its peculiar institutions. South-
!' ern men seemed so to consider it, for they voted
:i almost unanimously in favor of that policy of pro-
| J hibiting slavery on one side contented with a silent
ii implication in its favor on the other. Northern
i; Representatives and Senators seemed to take the
i same view of the subject, for a large majority of
I them voted against this geographical policy, and
|| in lieu of it insisted upon a law prohibiting sla-
! vrtry everywhere within the Territories of the
United States, north as well as south of the line;
, and not only in the Territoiies, but in the dock-
; yards, the navy-yards, and all other public places
; over which the Congress of the United States had
|i exclusive jurisdiction.
ii Such, sir, was the state of public opinion, as
;1 evidenced by the acts of Representatives and Sen-
I j ators on the question of a geographical line by the
; extension of the Missouri compromise, as it is
' called, from ]848 to 1850, which caused it to be
'; abandoned, and the compromise measures of 1850
1 to be substituted m its place. Those measures are
familiar to the Senate and to the country. They
: are predicated upon the abandonment of a geo-
1 graphical lino, ond upon the great principle of
' S'df-governmcnt in the Territories, and the sover-
eignty of the States over the question of slavery,
as wdl «i;j over all other matters of local and do-
mestic concern. Inasmuch as the time-honored
and venerated policy of a geographical line had
been abandoned, the great leaders of the Senate,
and the great Commoners in the other House of
Congress, saw no other leuiedy but to return to
the true principles of the Constitution—to those
great principles of self-government and popular
sovereignty, upon which all free institutions rest
—and to leave the people of the Territories and
of the States free to decide the slavery question,
as well as all other questions, for themselves.
