2256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19.
ing out. It does not come within the rule in re-
lation to amendments in the third degfee.
Now I propose to qualify the words proposed
to be stricken out, by adding a proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama proposes to strike out a certain clause; the
Chair thinks it is in order to amend the part pro-
posed to be stricken out, and therefore decides the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio to be in
order.
Mr. STANTON. I have opposed this appro-
priation from the commencement. There is no
member of this House who has opposed it with
more consistency in the former Congress, and I
expect to continue to oppose it to the end. But,
sir, I have seen too much of these appropriations
to have any hope of ultimately defeating this. I
remember that at the close of the last session of
Congress, after it had been voted down here half
a dozen times, it came in from the committee of
conference, and we were obliged to take it or de-
feat the hill. I move to add the following,at the
end of the clause:
Provided, That no part of the sum hereby appropriated
shaft he expanded until contuicts shall he entered into wjth
responsible patties lor tin4 completion <4 the work, which,
in the asrgiegate, shall not exceed the amount hereby ap-
propriated.
Now, as I hatfe said, this appropriation will
pass. Gentlemen may set that down as a fixed
fact. You may vote it down here as often as you
please, and it will come back in this bill; and if
you kill the bill it will be put on to another bill;
and you cannot keep it out unless you take the
responsibility of stopping the wheels of Govern-
ment. I intend to vote against this appropriation,
and to do all I can to defeat it. But, as I have
said, there is a thorough conviction upon my
mind that it will pass; and I deem it, therefore,
important that a condition should be attached to
it, that no part of the appropriation shall be ex-
pended until contracts shall have been entered into
to complete the whole w^rk. I presume theie
will be no difficulty about the amendment, for I
iwiderstand that eon tracts can be entered into for
thft completion of the entire work withm this ap-
propriation.
Theamendmentto the amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred on Mr. Cobb's
amendment as amended.
The amendment as amended was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. Do I understand that my
amendment has gone down with the amendment
of the gentleman fmm Alabama?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chnir «o decides.
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not understand that to
be (he effect.
_ Mr. .1011N COCHUANK. I risu. to a ques- j
tion of order. The motion was to stuke out the i
whole clause with the exception of these words: !
"as may not be required for said purpose." Now,
the friends of the clauso may move to amend the
part proposed to be stricken out, and it was amend-
ed on the motion of the gentleman from Alabama.
The motion to stuke out was then lost. 1 sub-
mit, therefore, that the original proposition stands
with the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, !
attached. The Manual says, on page 105: i
"In like niiumors if it is proposed to amend by striking j
out a paragraph, the 1iiend.> of the paraipaph aie lirst to '
inak'- n aspctleetas they can In amcndmeiiK, before the j
qnesiion.w put tot Mnktmr it out. Il on the question if be j
letauteds it cannot be amended afreiward-s, because a vote j
«'i«ain^t "-inking out is  equivalent to a vote agreeing to it in j
that form.5' j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the motion of the gentleman from Alabama was i
decided in order exj>i essly because it did notstuke i
out a paragraph, but only moved to amend it. i
Therefore the amendment of the gentleman from j
Ohio was received as amendment. The amend- .
ment was lost, and was so 'decided by the Chair. ,
The gentleman from Kentucky is entitled to the j
floor. I
Mr. MASON. I move to strike out the words I
s< for the completion of the Washington aque-
duct," and to insertli for pensions to the soldiers 1
of the war of 1812." !
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order. !
My point is, that the>-e is no law for the payment i
of these pensions, and that the amendment is not
germane to this bill. i
Mr. MASON. Then make a law. The old -
soldiers never were in order with the Committee i
of Ways and Means. i1
Mr LETCHER. The old soldiers arc in or- i;
der with them whenever there is a law providing
for them.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. MASON. Then I move to strike out the
words, " for the completion of the Washington
aqueduct."
Mr. STANTON. Now, I rise to a question
of order. It is, that it is not in order to move to
strike out anything included in the motion of the
gentleman from Alabama, for, by a vote of the
committee, they concluded to retain it.
The CHAIRMAN. The 53d rule says:
" Any member may call for the division of a question,
which shall be divided, if it comprehend pioposmons in
substance so distinct that, one being taken away, a sub-
stantive proposition shall remain for the decision of the
IIoihc. A motion to stnke Tint and mseit shall be deemed
indivisible; but a motion to strike out being los-t, shall pre-
clude neither amendment nor a motion to attike out and in-
sert."
The Chair is of opinion that it is in order to
move now to amend.
Mr. MASON. Well, I will move to amend by
striking out all the appropriation except two dol-
lars. Like the gentleman from Michigan, I do not
know that this Government has the power to ap-
propriate money for this purpose. This Govern-
ment was instituted for a different purpose than
that of ornamenting, beautifying, and adornina;
this capital.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I understand that this same amend-
ment has been offered before, and considered by
the committee.
Mr. MASON. You misunderstand.
Mr. KUNKEL, of^Maryland. The amend-
ments were made to strike out all but one dollar,
and all but two dollars, and they were rejected by
the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not re-
member that such an amendment has been voted
on.
Mr. MASON, Nor docs anybody else. No
such an amendment has been made. I was pro-
ceeding to say that 1 did not suppose that this
Government had the right to draw money from
these States for the purpose of ornamenting and
beautifying one single city. You have converted
it, by these and various oi her schemes, into about
the same condition that the Jews converted Jeru-
salem, who taxed their distant provinces to make
pools of water, to furnish them with male singers,
to lay them down floors of gold, until the people
revolted. The duties of this Government are few
and simple, I shall not refer to them, but tins
certainly is not one of them. You have, as you
have been*told by the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, an empty Treasury. In
the face of that fact you have acres of giound here
coveted with granite and marble, and immense
palaces. You have fifteen miles of pipe laid from
some point on the Potomac into this city, for the
purpose of supplying this metropolis with water.
All that you have, with an empty Treasury. You
spend millions of dollars and borrow the money,
and pay interest upon it, for the purpose of orna-
menting, adorning, and making wealthy this great
city. And while you are doing all this with an
empty Treasury, the Committee of Ways and
Means purchase an $800 book-case, and spend
#000 for a looking-glass. And, while they are
doing this upon an empty Treasury, it is entirely
out of order with them, and they refuse to give
to the friends of thcircountr^—the, soldiers of the
war of 1812—a smgle dollar. I ask them, when
they are looking into those immense looking-
glasses and are surveying them costly and rich
furniture, to look around and see if they cannot
find some meritorious soldiers of that war who
need some assistance at the hands of the Govern- !
ment.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order to move to strike ■
out the enacting clause ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is. i
Mr BARIvSDALE. Is it in order to move '
Jkat the committee nse, and report the bill to the
House? I
The CHAIRMAN. Not while any gentleman |
desires to offer an amendment. '
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out the en- j
acting clause. j
Mr. LETCHER. I want to reply to the speech ■
of the gentleman from Kentucky. My friend :
from Kentucky,in the amendment which he has i
offered, seems to have no other end in view than
to take an examination of the acts and doings of
the Committee of Ways and Means in regard to
their furniture. It strikes me that he was the chair-
man of the Committee of Accounts; and that the
approval or allowing of the accounts for furniture
was in his hands. [Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. The committee never passed
the account.
Mr. LETCHER. If goes there, whether they
pass it oV not. The gentleman says we have an
eight or nine hundred dollar looking-glass. That
is about six hundred dollars above the highest
price paid for any looking-glass in the Capitol.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. LETCHER. Am 1? Where is the $G00
one? Now, sir, I understand that $300 is the
highest price that has been given; and I think it
very extravagant.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not m order.
Mr. LETCHER. I am replying distinctly to
the remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana was recognized, and made a motion.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the Chair decide that
I am out of ordm*'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman has not been recognized, because
the gentleman from Indiana had the floor.
Mr. TIUGHES. If 1 am entitled to the floor,
I will yield it to the gentleman from Virginia, and
withdraw my motion.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, Mr. Chairman,
I take up the question again. My friend from
Kentucky says that the various rooms about the
Capitol are furnished most extravagantly, while
money has been very scarce, and by way of set-
ting us a good example, he is in favor of distrib-
uting the public money under the name of pay-
ing pensions to old soldiers, and then to borrow
the amount. Now, it strikes me that if, in fur-
nishing the Capitol, we have done it rather ex-
travagantly, we have not gone quite so wide of
the mark as he would go in the scheme which he
piesentsfor consideration. He does not pretend
that this is a debt due to these soldiers, or that
the Federal Government is bound to pay this
money.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. What relation has Jhis question of old
soldiers' pensions to water-works?
Mr. LETCHER. I respectfully refer my friend
from Michigan to my friend from Kentucky for
an expkxnation.
Mr. MASON. It is one of the prime debts of
the country.
Mr. LETCHER. Where is the evidence of it?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I raise the question of
order, that the gentleman's remarks do not apply
to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman is hardly in order.
Mr. LETCHER. If it is not in order to reply
to a speech that has been'made, when 1 am on the
other side, I suppose I may sit down.
The question was taken on Mr. Mason's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out the whole section.
Mr. LETCHER. Thatmotionis pending now.
Mr.MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, I hope
we will have a vote on it. *
The question being on Mr. Davidson's amend-
ment—
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Staktojj
and Bauksdai,e were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—aves eighty, poes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move the following amend-
ment:
In-eit between line1- two bundled and twenty-four and
two imndu d and twenty-five the following :
FV,r the completion an«i f'irni-hnt«r of the custom-house
at New Haven, Connecticut, $68,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I laise a question of order on
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move to amend
