146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
pay my rcspccts to gentlemen on the other side
of the House who have spoken on this subject.
I confess my surprise—my very great surprise—
at the course of remark in which those gentlemen,
without one exception, have indulged, and, of
course, as I propose to confine myself to a very
brief period,! shall have to make a rapid reference
to what has fallen from them.
If I understand the condition of the country,
and the necessity for this measure, it is founded
upon this state of things: At former sessions,
hea.vy appropriations have been ordered by Con-
gress, and the public charges and expenditures
have been increased, and now we find ourselves
short of means to meet the engagements thus
created and authorized by the action of Congress.
"Well, sir, in this state of things, with outstand-
ing liabilities—liabilities imposed on the country
by the last Congress—I say the last Congress,
and have no reference to either branch of it in
particular—the question is whether ways and
means shall be provided for the purpose of meet-
ing those liabilities. That is leally the state of
the question, and I must express my surprise
that gentlemen should get up here, and talk cen-
soriously about the condition of this or that branch
of the public service. Will the House provide
means to meet the engagements of the Govern-
ment? That js the question. Will they place
reasonable confidence m those familiar with these
subjects? That is the question. Will they aiford
the facilities requisite to meet those engagements?
That is the question. Gentlemen seem to man-
ifest some reluctance to do this; and we have
witnessed most remarkable displays from gentle-
men who 1 should not have expected would have
undertaken to enlighten us upon this question.
What is the proposition, sir? 1 shall read from
the bill sufficient to present the real issue to the
committee. The second section is as follows:
u Sec. 2. Jlnd he itjurther enacted, That such Treasury
notes shall be paid and redeemed by the United States, at
the Treasuiy thereof, alter tho expualion of one year liom
the dates of said notes, fiom which dates, until they shall
ho respectively paid and redeemed, rhey shall beai such
j.ite ot mtcic t as shall he exploded in said notes which
iatf! of mloiest upon the fu.-t wsue, which shall not exceed
$(>,000,000 of such notes, shall bo fixed bv the Secretaiy of
tho Treasury, with the appioliatiou of the President, hut
shall in no case exceed tho rate of six per centum pei an
num. The residue hlmll bo raised, in whole or in p.ut,
after public advertisement of not less than thnty da\s, as
the  ^een'Ui) of the Tieasury ma) direct, by exchanging
them at thoir par value for specie to the bidder ot bidden
who shall agree to make such exchange at the lowest into
of inteu'st, not exceeding st\ per centum, upon thCfMid
noted: P)Ovi(lc<t, That after the maturity ol any of s-aid
notes, interest thereon shall cease at the cxpuation of sixty
days' notice of read mess to pay and ledeein the same, winch
may at any rime or tunes be 'given by the Secrctaiy of the
Treasury, in one or more new.-papeis published at the seat
of Government," &e.
Here then, sir, is a distinct proposition to bor-
row money from the country. Here is a distinct
proposition to invite, by advertisement, bidders
for these Government obligations, payable in a
year.
Now, sir, I ask whether or not the amount is
unreasonable ? Who has undertaken to show
that the amount is unreasonable ?—I put tho ques-
tion to the committee—who, of all the gentlemen
who have participated in this debate, has under-
taken to demonstrate to the House that the amount
sought by the Secretary of the Treasury is not
reasonable, and not requisite to meet the public
engagements? Sir, if there be one, I have not
heard him. The Secretary of the Treasury, an
enlightened officer, anxious, of course, in refer-
ence to his own public character, submits his esti-
mates, and proves clearly, by those estimates,
the necessity of this provision. Shall that pro-
vision be allowed ?
But that is riot all. These Treasury notes must
be paid within one year. They terminate, ex vi
termini, on the 1st of January, 1859. They can
go no further. There is no power to issue them
beyond that period. And why, sir, is that pro-
vision made? I suppose, sii, that the Govern-
ment of the United States is entitled, as individuals
are, to look to their resources, and to the oppor-
tunities that may exist in reference to their en-
gagements. If an individual, m an unexpected
embarrassment, finds it necessary to resort to a
loan for the purpose of meeting his engagements,
he will contemplate his resources, and shape his
new liabilities with reference to them. The offi-
cer presiding over this particular department of
the Government believes that the resources of
his country will enable him to meet these engage-
) ments within the period specified. I ask every
: gentleman upon this iloor if it would be good
sense for us to make a loan, as proposed by sev-
eral gentlemen, and especially by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] for a period of
five, ten, or fifteen years, when a loan for a single
year will be sufficient?
Mr. GROW. My proposition is for a loan,
merely for one year, and not for any longer period.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Now, sir, the gen-
tleman gets by this bill just what he proposes.
We propose to borrow for a year. The only dif-
ference that I know of between the gentleman and
ourselves is, that he proposes to do it in one form,
and we in another. What objection is there to the
form proposed in the bill ? These notes are to be
issued only when necessary. It is believed that
$6,000,000 will meet the present exigency, and it
is provided by the bill that no more shall be issued
at present.
The gentleman says it is thought that the whole
amount may not be necessary for some time yet.
Would the gentleman make a loan of $20,000,000
or of $10,000,000 in a lump, at the present moment,
when the Government may not need it for some
time to come? The Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized, by the section to which I refer, to
issue a thirty days' notice inviting bids for the
requisite amount. Is it not, then, a matter of prac-
tical good sense and economy to permit this thing
to be left to the Secretary in this shape, rather
than in the manner proposed by the gentleman?
But is it not a distinction without a difference?
Is there any substantial dilference between the
two propositions ? I must insist that there is not;
with the advantage that this proposition is infi-
nitely preferable to his suggestion.
But, sir, that is not all. Far from it. The gen-
tleman insists on it at one breath that this is to be
used as paper money, and then he goes into a hard-
money argument to demonstrate that the Treas-
ury notes will supersede so much specie; that the
worse will exclude the better currency. 1 know
that piinciplc well: and 1 am happy to hear the
doctrinc recognized in certain quarters where I
did not expect it- It is one of the cherished relics
of the past political history of tho honorable mem-
ber from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.] He was
once a Democrat; but now, tho so-called Demo-
cratic party, as he terms it, with which he once
affiliated and acted, but with which he affiliates
and acts no longer, has lost its character; and so
he left it, and carried off tho Democratic sentiment
and principle. He but illustrates the old adage
thata renegade Christian is woise than ten Turks.
1 suppose that no man in this J-Iouse is so invet-
erate against Democratic principles and against
the Democratic party, as is this gentleman, who
was once a brother in full fellowship in the church.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman whether he
considers the views that! have advanced in rela-
tion to the curicncy as not being Democratic?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 congratulated the
gentleman that there was one single remnant of
his past political creed left with him.
Mr. GROW. I believe that, in the sentiment
of the gentleman, I will be considered as a sound,
reliable Democrat, excepting as to the question
who shall occupy the Territories of the Union—
whether white men or black; and that as to that
1 am not sound.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I judge the gentle-
man by the company he keeps. 1 judge a man's
Democracy by his associations. 1 judge him as
hostile to Democracy when 1 see him doing the
work of those who are esteemed as hostile to Dem-
ocratic lule and Democratic ascendency. What
is the object of the gentleman's labors? It is to
break down the Democratic party and the prin-
ciples tliuy cherish, and which they struggle to
maintain m fair weather and in foul.
The gentleman gets up and talks about his De-
mocracy, with the single exception of the Terri-
I tones. He is a thorough Democrat except as to
: that. He is not Democratic enough to allow the
j American people to go to any portion of the Amer-
I ican territory at their will and pleasure. I was
| much struck with the fact that the gentleman, in
| this as in the past Congtess, finds himself utterly
' unable to d( liver a speech on this floor without
| " still harping on my daughter." It is Kansas,
! Kansas, Kansas. That fertile and exciting sub-
iject dances through all the mazes of metaphor-
ical confusion in the imagination of the gentle-
man; and I suppose that, when he sinks into the
grave, (and I trust he will be spared a thousand
years,) the cry will be still " Kansas !"
I confess, Mr. Chairman, that I was greatly
surprised by the speech of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie,] whofirstaddressed
the committee, and by the course of remarks in
which he indulged. I know thatgentleman well.
I have had the honor of acting with him, and of
having with him those relations on committees
that have taught me to appreciate highly his char-
acter. I have been inclined to think him a states-
man; and I must be permitted to say that I was
sorry to see that he, acting in regard to the great
interests of the country, should not have forgotten
that he was a partisan. On this proposition to
provide ways and means for the support of the
Government, that gentleman commenced on the
subject of Democracy, and undertook to demon-
strate that there were hard-money and rag-paper
Democrats on the floor.
Mr. RITCHIE. Mr. Chairman, the remarks
that I then made were for the purpose of calling
the attention of the committee and of the country
to the fact that the President of the United States,
in his message, intimated no desire to have an
issue of Treasury notes. On the contrary, the
whole drift of the message is the other way. He
spoke, to be sure, of the possibility of a small
loan before the close of the session. The report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, sent in here on
the same day and at the same hour, demands an
issue of Treasury notes instantly, to the amount
of $20,000,000. I desired to call the attention of
the committee and of the country to that fact—to
that palpable contradiction between the message
of the President and the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, sent here at the same moment,
both of them differing in principle and differing
m fact: the President of the United States basing
his remarks on the fact that we did not want a
loan, and the Secretary of the Treasury basing
his on the fact that we did want a loan 
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to this interruption.
We have but an hour to debate this bill, and we
want to hoar its merits discussed.
Mr. RITCHIE. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama calls me to order, I call him to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not been able to hear
the remark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RITCHIE. I say that I was not out of
order, but that the gentleman is out of order; he
interrupts me when I am making an explanation
by the indulgence of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, if that is all you said,
it amounts to nothing.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman says
nothing more now than he said before. I know
what he desired to state. It was a hit at the Dem-
j ocratic party, and a purpose to show that there
' was a hard-money and a rag-money Democracy
on this floor.
Mr. RITCHIE. And I want to know from the
gentleman from Virginia whether he will not ad-
mit that it was a fair hit?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir. I say it
was a hit that I had notcxpccted from the states-
man of Pennsylvania who made it. I was not
surprised at much that fell from members on this
floor in the debate that went on, but I was sur-
prised that such a thing should come from that
gentleman, of whom the country had a right to
expect better things.
Mr. Chairman, is there any inconsistency be-
tween the President of the United States and his
Secretary of the Treasury? No, sir, not the
slightest. The President went into the causes
that produced this drying-up of the resources of
the country, and the sudden arrest of the income
of the Government; and he traced it rightfully—
I maintain in the face of the country—to the ex-
istence of fourteen hundred banks, all manufac-
turing paper money, with which the people have
been stimulated into wild extravagance. The Pres-
ident recommended a return to the good times,
contemplated by those who framed the Federal
Constitution. In that state of things, with these
sentiments, with that recommendation—which I
trust in God will be carried out—the Secretary
of the Treasury, to provide present means, comes
forward and recommends the issue of notes bear-
ing interest. Is that the character of bank paper ?
No. sir. Nor is that all. When these notes havs
