1858.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
35th Cong....1 st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
Mr. President, i am ono of those who concurred
cheerfully and heartily in this new line of policy
marked out by the compromise measures of 1850.
Having been compelled to abandon the former '
policy of a geographical line, for want of ability
to carry it out, I joined with the great patriots to
whom I have alluded, to calm and quiet the coun-
try, by the adoption of a policy more congenial
to my views of free institutions, not only for the
purpose of henlingand harmonizing the strife and
controversy which then existed, but for the fur- •
ther purpose of providing' a rule of action in all |
time to come which would avoid sectional strife
and sectional controversy in the future. It was one
of the groat merits of the compromise measures
of 1850, indeed, it was their chief merit, that they
furnished a principle, a rule of action which should
apply every where, north and south of 36° 30', not 1
only to the territory which we then had, but to !
all that we might afterwards acquire, and thus, if j
that principle was adhered to, prevent any strife, !
any controversy, any sectional agitation in the i
future. The object was to localize, not to nation- |
ahze, the controversy in regard to slavery, to 1
make it a question for each State and each Terri- j
tory to decide for itself, without any other State, ,
or any other Territory, 01* the Federal Govern-
ment, or any outside power, interfering, directly
or indirectly, to influence or control the result.
My course upon those measures created, at
first, great excitement, and I may say great in- ;
dignation at my own home, so that it became ne- i
cessary for me to go before the people and vindi- 1
cate my action. I made a speech at Chicago upon
my return home, in which I stated the principles
of the compromise measures of 1S50 as I have now
stated them here, and vindicated them to the best
of my ability. It is enough to say, that upon
sober reflection, the people of Illinois approved
the course which I then pursued; and when the ,
Legislature came together, they passed, with ,
great unanimity, resolutions indorsing emphat- >
ically the principle of those measures. \
In 1854, when it became necessary to organize '
theTcrritoricsof Kansas and Nebraska,theques- ;
tion arose, what principle was to apply to those ,
Territories? It was true they both lay north of I
the line of 36° 30'; but it was also true that four ;
years before, the policy of a geographical bne had
been abandoned and repudiated by the Congress
of the United States, and in lieu of it the plan of j
leaving each Territory free to decide the question !
for itself had been adopted. I felt it to be my
duty, as a Senator from the State of Illinois, and
I will say as a member of the Democratic party,
to adhere 111 good faith to the principles of the
compromise measures of 1851), and to apply them
to Kansas and Nebraska as well as to the other
Territories. To show that I was bound to pur-
sue this course, it is only necessary to refer to the
public incidents of those times In the presiden- !
tial election of 1852, the great political parties of ,
that day each nominated its candidate for the Pies- ;
idency upon a platform which indorsed the com- j
piomise measui esof 1850, and both pledged them- ;
selves to carry them out in good faith in all future 1
time in the organization of all new Territories. '
The Whig party adopted that platform at Galti- j
more, and placed General Scott, their candidate,
upon it. The Democratic party adopted a plat- I
form identical in principle, so far as this question ,
was concerned, and elecicd General Pierce Presi- i
dent of the United States upon it. Thus the Whig !
party and the Democratic party each stood pledged
to apply this piinciple in the organization of all 1
new Teintoiies. Not only was I as a Democrat ■
—as a Senator who voted for their adoption—.
bound to apply their principle to this case; but as
a Senator from Illinois, I was under an impera-
tive obligation, if 1 desired to obey the will and 1
carry out the wishes of my constituents, toapply j
the same principle. To show the views of my
LejrisLuuie upon that subject, I will read one res-
olution, which was passed at the session of 1851:
llc.jlvr.U T'mt oik nheity and independence aie ba^ed
on tli" light oi the people to foim for themselves aieh a gov-
ern nvnt n«\ tnev nny choose; that this gieat piivilege, the
hut In mlit oi'1 reei non. the 21ft of Heaven, f-eetned to by the
blood 01 oiu auee-tru-, oiiiht to be extendi d to futiue gen-
eiaiion- ; ahd lh:>? n 1 limitation oii'jht to be applied to this '
ptnvr in the onj.Ti.zation of any 'i'eintoiv of the United
rMfU-"11-, of'either a tonitonal coveinineiit 01 a State consti- ,
tmiM. 2Yo>! iJcd, The government so established shall be ,
republican, and in eonfoimity with the Constitution.''' :
That resolution was adopted by a vote of sixty-
one in the affirmative and only four in the nega-
tive. I undertake to say that resolution spoke the
sentiments of the people of Illinois; and I,as their
Senator, was only carrying out their sentiments
and wishes by applying this principle to the Ter-
ritories of Kansas and Nebraska. This principle
was applied in that bill in the precise language of
the compromise measures of 1850, except the ad-
dition of a clause removing from the statute-book
the eighth section of the Missouri act, as being
inconsistent with that principle, and declaring that
it was the true intent and meaning of the act not
to legislate slavery into any Territory or State,
nor to exclude it therefrom, hut to leave the peo-
ple thereof perfectly free to form and regulate
their domestic institutions in their own way,
subject only to the Constitution of the United
States.
Now, sir, the question arises whether the Le-
compton constitution, which has been presented
here for our acceptance, is in accordance with this
principle embodied in the compromise measures,
and clearly defined in the organic act of Kansas.
Have the people of Kansas been left perfectly free
to form and tegulate their domestic institutions in
their own way, subject only to the Constitution ?
Is the Lecompton constitution the act and deed of
the people of Kansas? Does itembody their will?
If not, you have no constitutional right to impose
it upon them. If it does embody their will, if it
is their act and deed, you have then aright to
waive any irregularities that may have occurred,
and receive the State into the Union. ThK is the
mam point,in my estimation, upon which the vote
of the Senate, and of the House of Representa-
tives, ought to depend in the decision of the Kan-
sas question. Now, is there a man within the
hearing of my voice who believes that the Le-
compton constitution does embody the will of a
majority of the bona fide inhabitants of Kansas?
Where is the evidence that it does embody that
will ?
We are told that it was made by a convention
assembled at Loeomptnn m September last, and
has been submitted to the people for ratification
or rejection. How submitted ? In a manner that
allowed every man to vote for it, but precluded
the possibility of any man voting against it. We
are told that there is a majority of about five
thousand five hundred votes lecorded in its favor
under these circumstances. 1 refrain from going
into the evidence which has be-m taken before
the commission recently held in Kansas to show
what proportion of these votes were fraudulent;
but, supposing them all to have been legal, hona
fide residents, what does that fact prove, when the
people 011 that occasion vveie allowed only to vote
for, and could not vote against, the eonsiitution ?
On the other hand, we have n vote of the people
in pursuance of law, on the 4th of January last,
when this constitution was submitted by the Le-
gislature to the people for acceptance or rejection,
showing a majority of more than ten thousand
against it. If you grant that both these elections j;
were valid, if you grant that the votes were legal
and fair, yet the majority is about two to one
against this constitution, tlere is evidence to my
mind conclusive that this Lecompton constitution
is not the embodiment of the popular will of Kan-
sas. How is this evidence to be rebutted? By
the assumption that the election on the 21st of
December, where the voters were allowed to vote
for it but not against it, was a legal election; and
that the election on the 4th of January, where the
people were allowed to vote fororagamst the con-
stitution a-3 they chose, was not a legal and valid
election-
Sir, where do you find your evidence of the
legality of the election of the 21st of December?
Under what law was that election held? Under
no law, except the decree of the Lecompton con-
vention. Did that convention possess legislative
power? Did it posses-s any authority to prescribe
cin election law? That convention possessed only >'
such power as it derived from the Territorin! L( - jj
gislature in the act authorizing the assembling of
tlie convention; and I submit that the same au- ®j
thonty, the same power, existed in the Territorial h
Legislature to orderan election on the 4th of Jan- 'j
uarv as existed m the convention to order one on :
the 21st of December. The Legislature had the j;
same power over the whole subject on the 17th of
December, when it passed a law for the submis-
sion of the constitution to the people, that it had
on the 19th of February, when it enacted the
statute for the assembling of the convention.
The convention assembled under the authority
of the Territorial Legislature alone, and bence
was bound to conduct all its proceedings in con-
formity with, and in subordination to, the au-
thority of the Legislature. The moment the con-
vention attempted to put its constitution into
operation against the authority of the Territo-
rial Legislature, it committed an act of rebellion
against the Government of the United States. But
we are told by the President that at the time the
Territorial Legislature passed the law submitting
the whole constitution to the people, the Territory
had been prepared for admission into the Union
as a State. How prepared? By what authority
prepared? Not by the authority of any act of
Congress—by no other authority than that of the
Territorial Legislature; and clearly a convention
assembled under that authority could do no act to
subvert the Territorial Legislature which brought
the convention into existence.
But gentlemen assume that the organic act of
the Territory was an enabling act; that it dele-
gated to the Legislature all the power that Congress
had to authorize the assembling of a convention.
Although I dissent from this doctrinc, I am will-
ing, foi the sake of the argument, to assume it to
be correct; and if it be correct, to what conclusion
does it load us ? It only substitutes the Territo-
rial Legislature for the authority of Congress, and
gives validity to the convention; and therefore
; the Legislature would have just the same right
! that Congress otherwise would have had,and no
moie, and no less. Suppose now that Congress
i had passed an enablingact, and a convention had
! beon called, and a constitution framed under it; but
three days before that constitution was to take
effect, Congress should pass another act repealing
the convention law, and submitting the constitu-
tion to the vote of the people: would it be denied
that the act of Congress submitting the consti-
tution would be a valid act? If Congress would
have authority thus to interpose, and submit the
constitution to the vote of the people, it clearly
follows that if the Legislature stood in the place
of Congress, and was vested with the power
which Congress-had on the subject, it had the
same right to interpose, and submit this consti-
tution to the people, for ratification or rejection.
Therefore, sir, if you judge this constitution by
the technical rules of law. it was voted down by
an overwhelming majority of the people of Kan-
sas, and if became null and void; and you aie
called upon now to give vitality ton void, rejected,
repudiated constitution. If, however, you set
aside the technicalities of law, and approach it in
the spirit of statesmanship, in the spirit of justice
and of fairness, with an eve single to ascertain
what is the wish and the will of that people, you
are forced to the conclusion that the. Lecompton
constitution does not embody that will.
Sir, we have heard the argument over and over
again, that I he Lecompton convention were justi-
fied in withholding this constitution from submis-
sion to the people, for the reason that it would
have been voted down if it had been submitted to
the people for ratification or rejection. We are
told that these was a large majority of Free-Soil-
ers, of Abolitionists, of free-State men in the Ter-
ritory^vho would have voted down the consti-
tution if they had got a chance, and that is the
excuse for not allowing the people to vote upon it.
That is an admission that this constitution is not
the act and deed of the people of Kansas; that it
does not embody their will; and yet you are called
upon to give it force and vitality; to make it the
fundamental lawof Kansas with a knowledge that
it is not the will of the people, and misrepresents
their wishes. 1 nsk you, sir, where is your right,
under our principles of Government, to force a
constitution upon an unwilling people ? You may
resort to all the evidence that you can obtain, from
every source that you please, and you are driven
to the same conclusion, that this constitution is
not the will of the people. [The confusion cre-
ated by the lance number of persons in the gal-
leries endeavoring to find places where they could
see and hear, and others pressing in, was so great
