1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2259
made for the improvement of the Mississippi from
the mouth ofthe Minnesotariver toSauk Ilapids;
a resolution of the Legislature of California in
favor of-the construction of a breakwater at San
Louis Obispo, in that State; a report of the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution calling for
surveys of the Potomac river in the vicinity of
Washington; and a report of the Secretary of
War, communicating estimates for the improve-
ment of certain harbors on Lake Erie, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a memorial of John H. Litchfield
and others, light-house keepers, for an increase
of salary; two petitions of business men of the
northwestern lakes, asking- an appropriation to !
test the applicability of Professor Ballot's theory
of storms to the lakes; a memorial of Daniel F.
Tiemann, and others, in relation to a plan for the
sanitary improvement of the city of Now York;
resolutions of the Legislature of Now Jersey in :
favor of the restoration of the ports of Jersey i
City and Camden to that State, and, if necessary, 1
of making them ports of entry; also of establish-
ing ports of entry at Tom's river and Atlantic
City, and a modification of the laws relating to the
coasting trade; and resolutions of the Chamber
of Commerce at Charleston, South Carolina, in
favor of the vigorous prosecution of ihe coast sur-
vey, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. The same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution instructing them to in-
quire into the expediency of reporting a bill to re-
strain the importation or emigration into the Uni-
ted States of foreign paupers and criminals, have
instructed me to report, that while they approve
the object of the resolution, they are not able to
devise any specific means for achieving it, and
therefore ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. II. No. 251) to authorize the claimants in right
of John [iuertas to enter certain lands in Flor-
ida, reported it without amendment.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, who were instructed by a resolution of
the Senate to inquire into the expediency of con-
ferring additional powers on the United Mates dis-
trict courts in California, in certain cases, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordeiod to
be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 141)
to establish a port of entry at Tom's iivec, New
Jersey, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Miiitia, to whom
was referred the petition of Marie Genaud, solo
heir of John liudry, submitted a repoi f, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 385) for the nhef ofthe
heirs or'legal representatives of John Ilndry.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a memorial^ of
the Legislature of Iowa, reported a bill (S. No.
386) to amend " An actgranting lands to the Ter-
ptory of Iowa to aid in the improvement of the
Dcs Moines i iver, in said Territory;" which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Public j
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred j
the petition of Rev. A. G. Carotners and others,
citizens of Washington, as to the inclosnre ot |
the square opposue the Assembly Church, sub- •.
mitted an adverse report thereon. _ i
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Foreign |
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial !
of the heirs of John Forsyth, submitted a r< port. ;
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 388) tor the ieUef ;
of the'lcjral representatives of the late John Fo.- ■
syth. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In- :
dian Affairs, to whom wa=s referred the petition
of James B. Thomas, and a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Iowa, in his behalf, reported that the
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 23) to authorize a change of location
of the South Pass wagon road,for the purpose of
giving greater security and protection to emigrant
travel, &§ked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia; which was
agreed to.
Mr, RiGLER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of A. L. Pennock, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
LAND DISTRICT IN -NEW MEXICO.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
564) to create a land district in the Territory of
New Mexico, have directed me to report it back
and recommend its passage; and inasmuch as it
is of a very important public character, and con-
tains but a section or two, I hope the Senate will
pass the bill at this time. There is no land dis-
trict in this Territory now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. , ;
It provides that the public lands in the Tcrri-j
1 toiy of New Mexico, to which the Indian title j
; shall have been extinguished, shall constitute a ,
1 land district to be called the "District of New
; Mexico," the office for which shall he established ■
j at such place, within the district, as the President '
I of the United States may from time to time direct.
, A register and receiver are to be appointed, to re-
; side at the site of the office, whose powers, duties,
: obligations,and responsibilities, are to be the same s
. as are now prescribed by law for other land ofii-
' cers.
' The bill was reported to the Senate without ,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the ,
1 third time, and passed. _ 1
I BILLS INTRODUCED. j
! Mr. SEWARD asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 383)
1 for the lehef of Myra Clark Gaines; which wa?
read twice by lis title, and referred to the Commit-
i tee on Pensions.
Mr. CL1NGMAN asked, and by unanimous
, consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
| 334) to regulate the rates of postage to and from
I foreign countries; winch was read twice by its
| title,"and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
;j Mr. PUGH asked,and by unanimous consent
;■ obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 38?) for
i- the better regulation of sales and entries of the
:j public lands, and to limit the fees of registers and
II receivers at the several land offices; which was
ij read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
:i mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
389) providing for the allotment of lands to certain
New York Indians, and for other pm poses; which
:i was read twice by its title, and referred to the
I Committee on Indian Afraid,
j Mr. COLLAMER ar-ked,unil by unanimous
I consentobtained, leave to imroduce a joint reso-
| lotion (S. No. 44) to crant to the judges and so- j
' licitor ofthe Court of Claims the use ofthe con- j
: gressional library, and for other purposes; which ;
1 was read and passed to a second reading.
1 ARMS OF THE UNITED STATES.
; Mr. .SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
I luiion; which was considered by unanimous con-
| sent, and agreed to:
i Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
1 form the Senate whether in his o;mnon it ho expedient to
I convert any portion or the arm-, of the United now
on k ml ;nto bieech-loadint? aim -; and ot the advantnse to
; ho derived from uch change; the probable co-t thereof for
! rifles and musket-; and, it any, what appioprmtrori be ne-
1 cusf-ary lor that purpose.
LIEUTENANT WARREN'S EXPLORATIONS.
jVJr. JONES submitted the following rcsolu-
tioiWfrhich was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Revived, That the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs and
I b? njjurneted to inquire into the expedient') ot pio
j' \ nhi'jj mr the cnaravm  and pubh-^hinst a man of tiie explo-
rations oi Lieutenant Warren, m Nebiaska Temtoiy.
ALBUQUERQUE WAGON ROAD.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the
following resolution; whieh was considered <by
unanimous consent, and agreed to: " ,
Rewlvedy That the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia be instructed toinqune into'the propriety and ex-
pediency of making and opening a route for a wagon jroad,
on or near the tbiriy-fifth parallel of latitude, from Fort
Smith, on the Aikansas river, to Albuquerque, in New
Mexico. '
NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
I lution; which was considered by unaniroau&^n-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to inform the Senate of the present,condition of the new
custom-house at New Oilcans, what sum will be necessary
for ltd completion, and what appropriation js required for
the payment of liabihties undcr existing contracts.
SAMUEL BROMBERG.
Mr. MASON". Yesterday I submitted, from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, an adverse
report on the petition of Samuel Bromberg. I
have since ascertained that the case was not re-
ferred to tire committee; and I ask,therefore,the
reconsideration of the order by which the com-
mittee was discharged from the reconsideration
of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask that those papers be
now referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, in order that they may be reported upon.
The motion was,agreed to.
JOHN C. CARTER.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of John C. Carter, reported a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 43) for his relief; which.was read,
and passed to a sccond reading.
Mr. GW1N. I a?k the Senate to consider that
resolution at this time; and I will give my reasons
vriy briefly. It is a mere explanatory resolution
of one that passed the Senate upwards of three
years ago. The original resolution was reported
by me as chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs. It passed both Houses; but a, construc-^
tion was placed on it by the accounting officers of
the Treasury whidr deprived him of $900 which
th^ Committee on Naval Affairs and Congress in-
1 tended he should have. This is merely to do away
with that. I hope it will be acted on now.
Mr. KING. 1 should like to hear what the res-
olution is.
The joint resolution was read a second time. It
; directs the proper accounting officers of theTreas-
| ury, in the settlement of the accounts-of Lieuten-
1 ant John C. Carter, of the United States Navy, to
: allow him the sum provided in the joint resolution
t approved February 13, 1855, for such expenses
I as wore incurred by him whilst acting as purser
! on board the ship Massachusetts, while under- •
1 going repairs at San Francisco, California, de-
ducting therefrom the sum allowed him on account
of that service since the date of the passage of that
joint resolution; but the allowance is not to exceed
>955 36.
There beingno objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the joint
resolution.
Mr. KING. Ifask if thete is any report, or
anything1 which can give us any information as
to the nature of the joint resolution ? I should
; judge, from the language, that this man had an
i allowance, but now wants more.
! Mr. G WIN. If the Senator will listen to me for
! a moment, I will show how the case comes here,
i The original resolution was reported by the Com-
S mittee on Nawrl Affairs upwatds of three years
i ago. I was chairman of the committee at the time;
| and we specified in that jointresolution the exact
' sum to o cent that he was to be allowed; but the
: accounting oiricers of the Treasury so construed
! it as to exclude $900 of the amount cfaimed by
t him. This is merely explanatory of what the
! committee intended at that time. I was requested
! to state the facts of the case, which I know to be
■ so. The accounting officers have refused to allow
' the amount of by a construction they put
[ upon the wording of the original resolution. I
| went up myself to inquire into it. I am not on
! the Committee on Naval Affairs now, but I am
i requested to make the statement,
1 Mr. HAMLIN. Is it reported by the Com-
ij mittee on Naval-Affairs :
;! Mr. GWIN. Yeg, sir.
