1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19t
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
imous in favor of a change, if nobody opposes it,
the revolutionary means may be a peaceful rem-
edy; but if, in the progress of the revolution,
while you are making the change,you meetwith
resistance, then it becomes civil war, treason, re-
bellion, if you fail, and a successful revolution if
you succeed.
I say, then, the mode pointed out in the bill of
rights is the revolutionary mode, and not the
lawful means provided in the instrument; but if
the Committee on Territories be right in saying
that this is a lawful mode, then the recommend-
ation of the President, that Congress should rec-
ognize the right to do it by the first Legislature,
violates this constitution. Why? The President
recommends us to recognize their rights through
the Legislature, and in that mode alone. Thp
bill of rights says the people shall do it in such
manner as they please. If the construction given
by the Committee on Territories be right, you
dare not vote for the President's proposition to
recognize the right of the first Legislature to do
it, for you give a construction to the instrument
in violation of its terms.
Mr. HAMMOND. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. With a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. HAMMOND. I understood the Senator
to say just now that Congress had no right to
look into the Constitution of a State and place a
construction upon it. If that be true, I would
inquire of the Senator from Illinois, how is Con-
gress to know whether a constitution is republican
or not ? If it be true, I would inquire of him fur-
ther, why is he here now discussing and placing a
construction upon the constitution of Kansas ?
Mr. DOUG-LAS. I will take great pleasure in
answering the gentleman from South Carolina.
I have a right to look into this constitution to see
whether, in my opinion, it is republican. I have
this right to look at it only for the purpose of
regulating my vote. The judgment on which I
base my vote is one binding on nobody but my-
self. 1 am talking now* not on forming a con-
struction by which members of Congress are to
govern themselves, but I am speaking of your
right to place a construction on this constitution
binding upon the people and government of Kan-
sas. Give me the power to construe the consti-
tution of Kansas authoritatively, and then I have
the power to change it, to alter it, to annul it, to
make it mean what I please, and not what they
mean.
Mr. HAMMOND. I should have thought that
the Senator would have denounced the attempt
to construe the constitution, and left the matter
theie, after having asserted that no such power
exists; but when he goes on to construe it him-
self, he is inconsistent with his first proposition
that there is no right to construe it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir. 1 deny the right of
Congress to construe it authoritatively for the peo-
ple of Kansas. I am not denying the right of the
Senator from South Carolina to put his own con-
struction upon it. I am not denying the right of
each Senator here to make up his own mind m
regard to it. It is the duty of each Senator here
to do that for himself; but that is only to satisfy
his own judgment and his own conscience in reg-
ulating his vote upon the question. The point I
am arguing is, whether this Congress has any
power, by a rule of construction, to change the
constitution of the people of a State, and make
its construction binding on the authorities and
people of that State. I repeat, if this Congress
can exercise that power, there is tin end of State
rights, an end of State sovereignty; this Govern-
ment becomes a consolidated Government, an em-
pire, a central Power, with provinces and depend-
encies, and ceases to be a confederation of sov-
ereign and independent States. I am arguing
against the propriety of Congress acceding to the
recommendation of the President to strike that
fatal blow at the sovereignty of the States of this
Union.
But, sir, my friend from Ohio, who cannot ac-
cede quite to this doctrine of the President any
more than the Committee on Territories can, pro-
poses to remedy this matter in a different way.
He has offered an amendment, which I ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read the following amendment, in-
tended to be proposed by Mr. Pugh to the amend-
ment intended to be proposed by Mr. Green to
the bill (S. No. 161) £t for the admission of the
State of Kansas into the Union:" At the end
thereof add the following section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the admission
of the States of Minnesota and Kansas into the Union, by
this act, shall never be so construed as to deny, limit, or
otherwise impair, the right of the people of the said States,
with the assent of their Legislatures, severally, at all times,
to alter, reform, or abolish their form of government, in such
manner as they may think proper, so that the same be still
republican and in accordance with the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am at a loss to know what
object my friend from Ohio expects to accomplish
by this proviso, that nothing m the act of admis-
sion shall be construed to deny, limit, or other-
wiseimpair, the right of the people to change their
constitution. Who ever dreamed that there was
anything in the act of admission which could be
so construed? It is not the act of admission to
which we are alluding; it is the provision in this
constitution which says it shall not be changed
until after 18G4.
Nobody pretends that you can put anything in
the act of admission which would limit this right.
What I am denying is your right to put anything
in the act of admission either to limit, or extend,
or construe the constitution. Nobody pretends
that this act of admission affects this point at all.
The objection, if it be an objection, is in the con-
stitution itself, not in the act of admission.
Then wiiat legal effect would the amendment
of the Senator fiom Ohio have, if it should be
adopted? I piesume no one protends that it
would have any legal effect. Is there a Senator
here who pretends that the adoption of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio would confer any
power or authority on the people of Kansas to
change their constitution which they would not
have without it? I am informed the Senator from
Ohio said, in his speech in explanation of it, that
it did not confer any right which the people would
not otherwise have. Then why adopt it? I can
conceive of but one motive, and that is to lead the
people to infer that they havo secured a right by
that proviso which they really have not got; to
lead them to suppose that they have gamed an
advantage which in leahty they do not possess.
Is that the object? Is it the object to obviate an
objection, and yet in fact to leave the objection m
full force? Why, I ask, is it proposed to putth.it
amendmentm the bill if it has no legitimate effect,
if it does not give the people any right, and priv-
ilege, which they would not possess without it?
Perhaps I may be asked, on the contrary, what is
the objection to putting it m. It may be said it is
only the expression of the individual opinion of
the members of Congress. I will tell you my objec-
tion to putting this clause in the act of admission.
I object to inserting any clause in the act of ad-
mission that expresses any opinion, one way or
the other, in respect to the propriety of any pro-
vision in the constitution. If you may pronounce
judgment on the propriety of one clause, although
it has no legal effect to change it, you may on the
propriety of another clause. Suppose, for in-
stance, the Senator from New York should offer
an amendment, that nothing contained in this act
of admission shall be construed to sanction or
tolerate the right to hold property in man; or that
nothing herein contained shall be construed to au-
thorize or permit slaveholdmg in said State; or
should propose to insert an opinion that slave-
holding was a crime: would southern men think
there was no objection to it bccause it had no le-
gal effect? Are you witling that Congress shall
set the example of inserting, in acts of admission,
clauses that pronounce judgment against the do-
mestic institutions of a State? Are you willing
that a Congress, composed of a majority of free-
State men, shall put clauses in an act of admission
condemning slaveholdmg? or, if we were a mi-
nority, would we be willing that you should put
a clause in an act of admission condemning our
free institutions?
Now, sir, I hold that Congress has no right to
pronounce its opinion even upon the propriety of
any local or domestic institution of any State of
this Union. Each State is sovereign, with the un-
limited and unrestricted power and right to manage
its local and internal concerns to suit itself, sub-
ject only to the limitations of the Constitution of
the United States. I warn gentlemen that when,
in order to catch a little popular favor, they set
the example of backing up a vote in favor of this
enormous fraud by putting a clause in the bill
having no legal effect, but expressing opinions
upon the propriety of this or that clause of a State
constitution, they are setting an example that may
return upon them in away that will not be pleas-
ant. I protest against Congress interfering either
to annul or construe, or express opinions upoi*
the propriety of this clause or that clause of the
constitution. I repeat, if the constitution be the
act and deed of the people of Kansas, and if its
provisions are not in violation of the Constitution
of the United States, that people had a right to put
them there; and you have no right to touch them,
or to pronounce judgment upon them.
Mr. President, I come back to the question:
ought we to receive Kansas into the Union with
the Lecompton constitution ? Is there satisfactory
evidence that it is the act and deed of that people?
that it embodies their will ? Is the evidence satis-
factory that the people of that Territory have been
left perfectly free to form and regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way ? I think not.
1 do not acknowledge the propriety, or justice, or
force of that special pleading which attempts, by
technicalities, to fasten a constitution upon a peo-
ple which, it is admitted, they would have voted
down if they had had a chance to do so, and which
does not embody their will. Let mc ask gentle-
men from the South, if the case had been reversed,
would tiiey have taken the same view of the
subject? Suppose it were ascertained, beyond
doubt or cavil, that three fourths of the people of
Kansas were in favor of aslaveholding State, and
a convention had been assembled by just such
means and under just such circumstances as
brought the Lecompton convention together; and
suppose that when they assembled it was ascer-
tained that three fourths of the convention were
Pree-Soilers, while three fourths of the people
were in favor of a slaveholding State; suppose an
election took place in the Territory during the
sitting of the convention, which developed the fact
that-the convention did not represent the people;
suppose that convention of Free-Soilers had pro-
ceeded to make a constitution and allowed the
people to vote for it, but not against it, and thus
forced aFree-Soii constitution upon aslaveholding
people against their will—would you, gentlemen
from the South, have submitted to the outrage?
Would you have come up here and demanded that
the Free-Soil constitution—adopted at an election
where all the affirmative votes were received, and
all the negative votes rejected, for the reason that
it would havo been voted down if the negative votes
had been received—should be accepted? Would
you have said that it was fair, that it was honest,
to force an abolition constitution on a slavehold-
mg people against their will? Would you not
have come forward and have said to us that you
denied that it was the embodiment of the public
will, and demanded that it should be sent back to
the people to be voted upon, so as to ascertain the
fact? Would you not have said to us that you
were willing to live up to the principle of the Ne-
braska bill, to leave the people perfectly free to
form such institutions as they please; and that
if we would only send that constitution back and
let the people have a fair vote upon it, you would
abide the result? Suppose we, being a northern
majority, had said to you: " no; we have got a
sectional advantage and we intend to hold it; and
we will force this constitution upon an unwilling
people, merely because we have the power to do
it;" would you have said that was fair?
Mr. HAMMOND. Will the Senator allow me
to answer him ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. HAMMOND. As the Senator looked to-
wards me in asking his question, 1 will under-
take, though without authority, to answer for the
slaveholding community. If having had the power
to establish a slaveholding constitution, we had
refrained from exercising it, and those in favor
of a free-State constitution had established one to
that effect, I say that the slaveholders would have
submitted to it, until through the forms of consti-
tutional law they could have altered it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator assumes what
