198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22,
35th Cong.... 1st Sf.ss.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Dougla
Senate.
I did not ccrtainly intend, when he says that I \
looked at him. I was propounding the question, i
however, to any Senator, and am as willing that j
the Senator from South Carolina should reply as j
any other. He assumes as true, for the purposes !
of his answer, the very fact that is denied—that
they had the power.
Mr. HAMMOND. Asserted on all hands, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What?
Mr. HAMMOND. Asserted that there was
a free-State majority when the convention was
elected.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Illinois as- |
scrted it to-night. !
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes; and I assert now that
there was a free-State majority: and I assert also,
that one half the counties of the Territory were
disfranchised and not allowed to vote at the elec-
tion of delegates. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. HAMMOND. That has been answered
over and over again 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina will pause until order is restored.
Mr. MASON. I rise to a question of privilege.
If there is again disorder in this Chamber I shall
insist upon the galleries being cleared.
Mr. BROWN. I hope that order will be en-
forced; the Senate is not a theater.
Mr. TOOMBS. The statement just made by
the Senator from Illinois is a great mistake, and
I shall take issue with him when he sits down. I
say itis not true in any sense, and I will answer it.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia gives notice that if there be a repetition
of the demonstrations in the galleries he will move
t.o clear them.
Mr. MASON. If there is again disorder in the
galleries, let it arise from what source it may, I
shall ask the Chair to enforce the order of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the debate
commenced the Chair expressed the hope that
these demonstrations would not occur. lie did
not then think that he would have to repeat the
expression of that hope. This floor is covered hy
persons not members of the Senate, admitted by
the consent of the body unanimously, and cer-
tainly something is due to the courtesy of the
Senate. The Chair does not believe these demon-
strations will be repeated,and therefore takes no
further notice of wnat has occurred. The Sena-
tor from Illinois will proceed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The interposition of the de-
nial that about one half of the counties were dis-
franchised, I presume can have but very little
weighton the argument. It has been proven over
and over again; in my estimation the proof is
conclusive as to the fiitecen counties, and satis-
factory, J think, as to nineteen, being half the
counties of the Territory, that there was not such
a census and registration as authorized a vote for
delegates. It has been attempted to be proved,
however, that there were not a great many votes
in those counties. I believe the president of the
convention estimates that there were not more
than fifteen hundred or two thousand in those
counties. Suppose that was all. There were only
a little over two thousand votes polled at the elec-
tion of delegates in the other nineteen counties
which elected all the delegates. If the disfran-
chised counties contained fifteen hundred voters,
is it not conclusive that, with the addition of five
or six hundred persons in the other counties, they
could have changed the result? Having been dis-
franchised in one half the counties, the friends of
those who were disfranchised may not have voted
in the other counties, because they had no hope
of overcoming the majority in the other half. I
did not intend to go into the argument on that
point again; and I should not have alluded to it
now but for the fact that the Senator from South
Carolina had to assume as true what. I understood j
not to be true, in order to predicate his answer i
upon it, that he, as a southern man, would vote ;
to admit the State if the case had been reversed, \
and a free-State constitution was being forced upon
an unwilling people, with the knowledge that it
did not reflect the sentiments of that people.
Mr. HAMMOND. Allow me to say that, if
the slaveholders, under these circumstances, had
never had a majority at all, they would neverthe-
less have submitted until they could alter the con-
stitution, if they could possibly do it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can only say, then, that
they are a very submissive people. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMMOND. Not at all.
Mr.- DOUGLAS. I have never seen the day
when I would be willing to submit to the action
of a minority forcing a constitution on an unwill-
ing people against their will because it had got an
advantage. Itviolates the fundamental principle
ofgovernment;itviolatesthefoundationson which
all free government rests; itis a proposition in vio-
lation of the Democratic creed; in violation of the
Republican creed, in violation of the American
creed, in violation of the creed of every party
which professes to be governed by the principles
of free institutions and fair elections.
Mr. HAMMOND. Will the Senator allow me
to say one word more? If the slaveholders, un-
der the circumstances that he stated, were a mi-
nority,they would have submitted. If they were
a majority, as I assume, they would *have sub-
mitted until, under the forms of constitutional
law, they could have properly asserted their
power.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understood the Senator to
say that; I must say to him that I would rather
not repeat questions on the same point over and
over again. I am very feeble to-night, and shall
pi obably not have strength enough to go through
with my remarks. I only desire to say on that
point, that I regard the principle involved here as
vital and fundamental, as lying at the foundation
of all free government, and the violation of it as a
death blow to State rights and State sovereignty.
But, sir, I pass on.
If you admit Kansas with the Lecompton con-
stitution, you also admit her with the State gov-
ernment which has been brought into existence
under it. Is the evidence satisfactory that that
State government has been fairly and honestly
elected ? Is the evidence satisfactory that the elec-
tions were fairly and honestly held, and fairly
and honestly returned ? You have all seen the
evidence showing the fraudulent voting, the forged
returns, from precinct after precinct, changing the
result not only upon the legislative ticket, but
also upon the ticket for Governor and State offi-
cers. The false returns in regard to Delaware
Crossing, changing the complexion of the Legis-
lature, are admitted. The false returns are estab-
lished equally conclusively as to the Shawnee
precinct, the Oxford precinct, the Kickapoo pre-
cinct, and many others, making a difference of
some three thousand votes in the general aggre-
gate, and changing the whole result of the elec-
tion. Yet, sir, we are called upon to admit Kan-
sas with the State government thus brought into
existence not only by fraudulent voting, but forged
returns, sustained by perjury, now established
beyond mistake. The Senate well recollects the
efforts that I made before the subject was referred
to the committee, and since, to ascertain to whom
the certificates of election were awarded, that we
might know whether they were given to the men
honestly elected, or to the men whose elections
depended upon forgery and perjury. Can any
one tell me now to whom those certificates have
been issued, if they have been issued at ail? Can
any man tell me whether we are installing, by
receiving this Stale government, officers whose
sole title depends upon forgery, or those whose
title depends upon popular votes? We have been
calling for that information for about three months,
but we have called in vain. One day the rumor
would be that Mr. Calhoun would declare the free-
State ticket elected, and next day that he would
declare the pro-slavery ticket elected. So it has
alternated, like the chills and fever, day after day,
until within the last three days, when the action
of Congress became a little dubious, when it was
doubtful whether northern men were willing to
vote for a State government depending on forgery
and perjury, and then we find that the president
of the Lecompton convention addresses a letter
to the editor of the Star, a newspaper m this city ,
telling what he thinks is the result of the election.
He says it is true that he has received no answer
to his letters of inquiry to Governor Denver; he
has no official information on the subject, but,
from rumors and unofficial information, he is now
satisfied that the Delaware Crossing return was
a fraud; that it will be set aside; and that, ac-
cordingly, the result will be that certificates will
be issued to the free-State men. I do not mean
to deny that Mr. Calhoun may think such will
be the result; but while ho may think so, I would
rather know how the fact is. His thoughts are
not important, but the fact is vital in establishing
the honesty or dishonesty of the State govern-
ment which we are about to recognize. It so
happens that Mr. Calhoun has no more power,
no more authority over that question now, than
the Senator from Missouri, or any other member
of this body. The celebrated Lecompton schedulo
provides, that—
" In case of removal, absence, or disability of the pi evi-
dent of this convention to discharge the duties heroin im-
posed on him, the president tempore of this convention
shall porfoim said duties; and in ease of absence, retusal,
or disability of the president pro tempore, a committee, con-
sisting of seven, or a majority of them, slmll discharge the
duties required of the president of tins convention."
As Mr. Calhoun is absent from the Territory,
and, by reason of that absence, is deprived of all
authority over the subject-matter, and as the pres-
ident pro tempore has succeeded to his powers, is
it satisfactory for the deposed president to address
a letter to the editor of the Star, announcing his
private opinion as to who has been elected? I
should like to know who the president pro tempore
is, and where he is; and, if he is in Kansas,
whether he has arrived at the same conclusion
which the ex-president Calhoun has announced.
I should like to know whether that president pro
tempore has already issued his certificates to the
pro-slavery men in Kansas, while Mr. Calhoun
expresses the opinion in the Star that the certifi-
cates will be issued to the free-State men ? If that
president pro tempore has become a fugitive from
justice, and escaped from the Territory, I should
like then to know who are the committee of seven
that were to take his place; and whether they, or
a majority of them, have arrived at the same con-
clusion to which Mr. Calhoun has come? Inas-
much as this opinion is published to the world
just before the vote is to be taken here, and is ex-
pected to catch the votes of some green members
of one body or the other, I should like to know
whether certificates have been issued ? and, if so,
bv whom, and to whom ? where the president pro
tempore is? where the committee of seven maybe
found? and then we might know who constitute
the Legislature, and who constitute the State gov-
ernment which we are to bring into being. We
are not only to admit Kansas with a constitution,
but With a State government; with a Governor,
a Legislature, a judiciary; with executive, legis-
lative, judicial, and ministerial officers. Inasmuch
as we are told by the President that the first Le-
gislature may take steps to call a convention to
change the constitution, I should like to know of
whom that Legislature is composed? Inasmuch
as the Governor would have the power to veto an
act of the Legislature calling a convention, I should
like to know who is Governor, so that I may judge
whether he would veto such an act? Cannot our
good friends get the president pro iempote of the
convention to write a letter to the Star ? Can they
not procure a letter from the committee of seven ?
Can they not clear up this mystery, and relieve
our suspicious minds of anything unfair or foul
m the arrangement of this matter ? Let us know
how the fact is.
This publication of itself is calculated to create
more apprehension than there was before. As
long as* Mr. Calhoun took the ground that he
would never declare the result until Lecompton
was admitted, and that if it was not admitted, he
would never make the decision, there seemed to
be some reason in his course; but when, after
taking that ground for months, it became under-
stood that Lecompton was dead, or was lingering
and languishing, and likely to die, and when a
few more votes were necessary, and a pretext was
necessary to be given, in order to secure them,
we find this letter published by the deposed ex-
President, giving his opinion when he had no
power over the subject; and when it appears by
the constitution itself that another man or another
body of men has the decision in their hands, itis
calculated to arouse our suspicions as to what the
result will be after Lecompton is admitted.
Mr. President, in the course of the debate on this
bill, before I was compelled to absent myself from
