1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
PostmasterGeneral. When the con tractors learned
of these fines, they then came forward upon an
application to the Postmaster General to reexam-
ine the case—technically to reexamine, but for the
first time, in fact, to examine-the fines, and pass
upon them. That application was pending. As
shown by an affidavit of the parties, the Post-
master General continually and repeatedly prom-
ised them to take up the case as soon as he could
find time; but lie went out of ofiice without hav-
ing found time. When the new Postmaster Gen-
eral readied the cases in their regular order, he
said he must be obliged to consider the fines which
had been entered up and passed the Auditor as a
decision of the Department. Technically it was;
but actually, the Postmaster General has never
passed upon these fines. In order to prevent this
bill being; used as a precedent in any other case
in which the same exact facts did not "exist, I have
agreed to an amendment which covers the whole
principle on which objection arose in the former
debate. There actually has never been any ex-
amination or decision by a Postmaster General,
and this will be the first. If the Senator could
convince the present Postmaster General that he
has the authority, without a law, to do it, it would
be very well; but even then I think it would be
preferable to pursue this course.
[ respect the scrupulousness of the Postmaster
General. I think it is wholesome. 1 think it is
better that in all cases in which even an apparent
decision has been made before him, the applica-
tion for review should pass undei the considera-
tion of Congress before the new Postmaster Gen-
eral takes it up for reexamination. I think,
myself, he has full authority to act in this case; I
agree with the Senator on that point; but yet the
Postmaster General does not think so,and injus-
tice will be done to these parties if we do not in-
tervene to remove Ins objection by a remedial act.
We provide that if there has been an examina-
tion and decision by the former Postmaster Gen-
eral, the present Postmaster General shall not
touch it. The only object is to enable them to
bring the arbitiary decision of the clerk'under the
review of the Postmaster General, That is the
whole matter. It is reasonable; it is right.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Florida, to
whom 1 defer with very great respect, both for
his information and his character, seems to me to
bring forward the statements of the applicants in
this case, and present them as evidence of the ac-
tion of the Department.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. DAVIS. Who makes the affidavit referred
to ?
Mr. YULEE. The parties make that affidavit;
but 1 have a letter from the officer of the Depart-
ment having charge of the papers showing the
facts. There is no evidence at all on the files in-
dicating the fact that the Postmaster General has
ever touched these cases.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to proceed a moment,
and you will understand me better. Have you
anything from the Department winch shows that
the Postmaster General promised to examine this
case and did not do it?
IV)r. YULEE. No, sir.
Mr. PUGH. That statement I made on the
authority of ihe applicants.
Mr. YULEE. I lune an affidavit stating that
fact. It is not a matter of record. A promise by
the Postmaster General, in the nature of things,
is not a matter of record. These are well-known,
reputable, wealthy citizens of Louisville and Cin-
cinnati, whose sworn testimony ought to be re-
ceived, and is received, by the committee, with
consideration, especially when corroborated by
information from the Department, and which the
files exhibit.
Mr. DAVIS. I was going on to say that the
late Postmaster General was a man of great labor,
and great exactness in his office. It was not
necessary for him, before entering up a fine, to
make a thorough examination. Tnat was a mat-
ter of law. The contractors knew perfectly well
that when they failed to deliver the mail they were
subject to a fine; and the mere fact of their having
failed to deliver the mail was all that was neces-
sary to determine the conclusion that they were
to be fined.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator excuse me for
interrupting lum ?
Mr; DAVIS. Certainly'. I will give way forever.
Mr. YULEE. You are stating facts differently
from those which exist on the record.
Mr. DAVIS, i will hear the Senator.
Mr. YULEE. There never was a failure to
deliver the mails. There was only delay in de-
livery on account of low water, fogs, &c.
Mr. DAVIS. I presume the gentleman is the
only Senator in the body who did not understand
that the failure I referred to was to make time. I
give way entirely.
The question being taken on the motion to post-
pone,there was, ona division—ayes 15, noes9, no
quorum voting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
a quorum is present.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 27, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bayard, Bigler, Broderiok. Cameron,
ClaiK, Ciin man, Collnmer. Davis, Dooliule, Foot, Fot-ter,
Kale, Hammond, H.ulan, Ilayne, Houston, Hunter, !v.>r
son. Johnson of Tennessee, King. Polk, Sebastian, Shields,
Simmons, Slulell, Stuart, and WiL-on—27.^
NAYS—Allen, Bdi, Benjamin, Bright, D.von,
Fitzpntriek, Gwm, IlemlfM^ou, .lone*, Kennedy, Push,
Seward, Thomson of New Jeisey, Toombs, Wade, and
Yulce—1(5.
So the bill was postponed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
call up the next business m order, and clear the
docket of resolutions.
Mr. STUART. I wish to renew a moiion
made some time ago, by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, to proceed with the Private Cal-
endar during the morning hour, with such cases
as do not give rise to debate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. There are a number of cases
at the head of the Calendar which have already
been passed over as objected to. We may as well
begin where we left off when we had the Private
Calendar last under consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That suggestion
will be adopted if there is no objection.
JANE SMITII.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 87) from the Court of Claims, for the relief j
of Jane Smith, of the county of Clermont, State ,
ofOino. " j
Mr. STUART. This is one of those cases j
which is objected to, and will be debated. 1
Mr. JONES. I understand the motion of the |
Senator from Louisiana to be to commence at those i
cases which had been laid aside before. '
Mr. SLIDELL. They have commenced at that j
point on the Calendar. ;
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has ;
commenced at the top of the Private Calendar, i
Mr. JONES. That is right. j
The bill was passed over. !
LUCINDA ROBINSON. j
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. J
No. 88) from the Court of Claims, for the relief |
of Lucinda Robinson, of the county of Orleans, [
State of Vermont.
Mr. STUART. That hill is of the same class ;
as the other. Those two cases involve questions j
in regard to back pension., :
The bill was passed over. j
CREEK DEPREDATIONS. |
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. ;
No. 26) to provide for the examination and pay- i
ment of certain claims of citizens of Georgia and !
Alabama, on account of losses sustained by dep-
redations of the Creek Indians. ;
Mr. STUART. That will bo debate-?. ]
The bill was passed over. j
NAHUM WARD. j
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. !
No. 93) from the Court of Claims, for the relief I
of Nullum Ward. I
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is an adverse report i
in that case. i
Mr. IVER.SON. Is there any objection to that ]
adverse report? !
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps there may '
be no objection to it. ;
Mr. STUART. I move the indefinite post- |
ponement of the bill. That is the usual motion, j
Mr. PUGH. That is a bill in relation to which i
I asked an oppbrtunity to examine the deHsibn
of the court in favor of the party. It had better
lie over. .
t Mr. STUART. I have no objection to its go-
ing over, if the Senator desires it.
The bill was passed over.
O. H. BERRYMAN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 108) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
ofO. FJ. Ferryman and others.
Mr. PUGH. Let that go over, too. There is*
an adverse report in that case. :
The bill was passed over.
MOSES NOBLE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 109) from the Court of Claims, for the relief
of Moses Noble.
Mr. IVERSON. It is proper to say that the
Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] notified rae
that he objected to that bill. Ho is not present.
I do not desire to press its consideration now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
JOHN M*VEY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 53) for the relief of John McVey, which pro-
posed to place his name on the invalid pension
roll, at the rate of eight dollars a month, to com-
mence on the 1st of April, 1850, and to continue
during Ins natural life.
The Committee on Pensions reported adverse-
ly, on the ground that there was no testimony to
support MoVev's allegations.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is an adverse report
in that case-, let us act on the report. I move that
the bill ho indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT NATHAN WEEKS.
The noxt bill on the Calendar was the bill (S>.
No. 113) for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Nathan Weeks, deceased.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let that go over.
The biil was passed over.
AMISTAD CASE.
The next bill on the Calendar wap the bill (S.
No. 114) to indemnify the master and owners of
the Spanish schooner Amisiad and her cargo.
Mr. WILSON. Let that go over.
J. HOSFORD SMITH.
The bill (3. No. 115) for the rtluf of J. Hos-
ford Smith was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs that there shall be allowed and paid
to.T. Hosford Smith, late consul at Beirut, as an
addition to the salary already paid him, for ser-
vices from July 1, 1853, to July 1, 1854, $1,500.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST.
The bill (S. No. 116) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendergast, of the District of Columbia, wasread
a second time, arid considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to plaee
the name of Jeremiah Pendergast on the pension
list, at the rate of six dollars per month, from til'*
4th of September, 1856, and to continue during
his life, in lieu of the pension to which he is now-
entitled bv law.
The petitioner was disabled while engaged in
th'> military service of the United States, and in
the line of his duty, on board the steamer Pow-
hatan, on the 4th of August, 1855, and he has re-
cently been placed on the pension roll at the rate
of four dollars per month, which sum is wholly
inadequate to his support, on accountofhis total
disability.
The biil was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
DAVID MYERLE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. ISO) for the relief of David Myerle.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Tiiat bill will give rise to
a great deal of debate.
The PRESIDING OFFFCER, (Mr/ Fitzpat-
kick in the chair.) The bill will be passed over.
Mr. HUNTER* Is not that bill m its regular
order t
