1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecornpton Constitution—Mi\ Douglas.
Senate.
the Senate on account of sickness, and I presume
the same has been the case during my absence,
much was said on the slavery question in connec-
tion with the admission of Kansas. Many gentle-'
men have labored to produce the impression that
the whole opposition to the admission arises out of
the fact that the Lecornpton constitution makes
Kansas a slave State. I am sure that no gentlemen
'here will do me the injustice to assert or suppose
thatmyoppositionispredicated on thatconsidera-
tion, in view of the fact that my speech against the
admission of Kansas under the Lecornpton con-
stitution was made on the 9th of December, two
■weeks before the vote was taken upon the slavery
clause in Kansas, and when the general impres-
sion was that the pro-slavery clause would be ex-
cluded. I predicated my opposition then,asIdo
now, upon the ground that it was a violation of
the fundamental principles of government, a vio-
lation of popular sovereignty, a violation of the
Democratic platform,aviolation of all party plat-
forms, and a fatal blow to the independence of the
new States. I told you then that you had no
more right to force a free-State constitution upon
a people against their xfrili than you had to force
a slave-State constitution. Will gentlemen say
that, on the other side, slavery has no influence
in producing that united,almost unanimous sup-
port which we find from gentlemen living in one
section of the Union in favor of the Lecornpton
constitution? If slavery had nothing to do with
it, would there have been so much hesitation about
Mr. Calhoun's declaring the result of the election
prior to the vote in Congress? I submit, then,
whether we ought not to discard the slavery ques-
tion altogether, and approach the real question
before us fairly, calmly, dispassionately, and de-
cide whether, but for the slavery clause, this Le-
cornpton constitution could receive a single vote
in either House of Congress. Were it not for
the slavery clause, would there be any objection
to sending it back to the people for a vote? Were
it not for the slavery clause, would there be any
objection to letting Kansas wait until she had
ninety thousand people, instead of coming into
the Union with not over forty-five or fifty thou-
sand? Were it not for the slavery question, would
Kansas have occupied any considerable portion
of our thoughts? would it have divided and dis-
tracted political parties so as to create bitter and
acrimonious feelings? I say now to our southern
friends, that 1 will act on this question on the
right of the people to decide for themselves, irre-
spective of the fact whether they decide for or
against slavery, provided it be submitted to a fair
vote at a fair election, and with honest returns.
In this connection there is another topic to
which I desire to allude. 1 seldom refer to the
course of newspapers, or notice the articles which
they publish in regard to myself; but the course
of the Washington Union has been so extraordi-
nary, for the last two or three months, that I think
it well enough to make some allusion to it. It
liys read me out of the Democratic party every
other day, at least, for two or three months, and
keeps reading me out, [laughter;] and, as if it had
not succeeded, still continues to read me out,
using such terms as " traitor," " renegade," '* de-
serter," and other kind and polite epithets of that
nature. Sir, I have no vindication to make of my
democracy against the Washington Union, or any
other newspapers. 1 am willing to allow my his-
tory and action for the last twenty years to speak
for themselves as to my political principles, and
my fidelity to political obligations. The Wash-
ington Union has a personal grievance. When
its editor was nominated for Public Printer J de-
clined to vote for him, and stated that at some
time I might give my reasons for doing so. Since
I declined to give that vote, this scurrilous abuse,
these vindictive and constant attacks have been
repeated almost daily on me. There is one article
in an issue of that paper which I ask my friend
from Michigan to read.
Mi. STUART read the following editorial ar-
ticle from the Washington Union of November
17, 1857:
" Free-Soilism.—The primary object of all government
in its ongmal institution, is the protection of person and
pioperty. It us foi this alone that men surrender a portion
of their natural rights.
"■ In cider that this object may be fully accomplished, it
is nccessai\ that this protection should be equally extended
! to all cln-ses of fr^e citizens without exception. This,, at
leuft, is a fundamental principle of the Constitution of the
; Unwed States, winch is the original compact on winch all
• oui institutions arc based.
! '• Slaves weie lecogiiizeu as pioperty in the British eoi-
, omes of North AmeiK-.t by tue Government of Great Brit-
ain, bv the colonial laws, and by the Constitution of the
United States. Under those sanctions vested rights have
accrued to the amount ot some sixteen bundled million
dollaid. It is, theiefore,tJ o duty of Congress and the State
Legislatures to piotect that propeity.
"The Constitution declares that 'the citizens of each
State shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States.' Every citizen of one
State coming into another State has, therefore, a right to
the protection of his peison,and that property which is rec-
ognized as such by the Constitution of the United States,
any law of a State to the contrary notwithstanding. So far
from any ?*tatp having a right to deprive him of this piop-
erty, it is its bounden duty to protect him in its possession.
"If these views are correct—and we believe it would be
difficult to invalidate them—it follows that all State laws,
whether organic or othei wise, which prohibit a citizen of
one State fiom settling in another, and bringing his slave
property with him, and most especially declaring it forfeit-
i ] ed. are direct violations of the original intention of a Ciov
eminent which, as before staled, is the protection of person
and piopeity, and o( the Constitution of the United States,
which ifcognizcs property in flavor, and declares that' the
citizens of each State shall he entitled to all the privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several States,' among
the most essential of which is the protection of person and
property.
" What is recognized as property by the Constitution of
the United Slates, by a provision which applies equally to
all the States, has an inalienable right to be protected in all
the States." ********
" The protection of pioperty being, next to that of person,
the most important object of all good government, and piop-
erty in slaves being recognized by the Constitution of the
United States, as well as originally by all the Old Thnteen
States, we have never doubted that the emancipation of
slaves in those States where itpieviou^ly existed, by an ar-
bitrary act of the Legislature, was a gioss violation of the
rights of propeity.'' ********
" The emancipation oj the slaves of the northern States
was then, as previously stated, a gross outrage on the righti
of propeity, inasmuch as it was not a voluntary relinquish-
ment on the part of the owners. It was au act of coercive
legislation.* ******>-
" This measure of emancipation was the parent oi the
ofK-pnug of a doeti ine which may be so extended as to place
the propeity of eveiy man in the community at themeiey
of jabid fanaticism or political expediency. It is only to
sub-titure sciuples of conscience in place of established
constitutional principles, and all laws and all constitutions
become a <5«'ad lottci. The rights of person ami properly
become subservient not to laws and constitutions, but to
fanatical dogmas-, and thus the end and object of all good
government is completely fi nitrated. Theie js no longer any
nilc of law 1101 any constitutional guide; and the people
are left to the discretion, or lather the madness,of a school
of instructors who can neither comprehend their own dog-
mas nor make them compiohensible to othei.-.."
u Where is all this to end ? and what seeuntv have the
free citizens of rhe United States that their dearest rights
may not, one after another, be offered up at the shrine of
the demon of fanaticism, the most dam/eion- of all the ene-
mies of freedom r It the Constitution i* no longei to be our
guide and protector, where shall we find barneis to duVnd
us against a system of legislation renamed hy no law  and
no constitutions, which creates crime at plca^uie, punishes
them at will, and sacrifices the rights of person and piopertv
to a dogma, oi as-cruple of conscience ? All this is but the
old law* of I'unlanism now fomenting and souimg m tnc
exhausted beer-barrel of Massachusetts. The descendants
of this i ace of ecclesiastical tj ram-, or lather ecelcMasfical
slaves, have spread ovei the western part of the State of
New Yoik, and throughout ail the new States, where they
have, to some extent, disseminated their manners, habits,
arid punciplo?, most especially their blind subserviency to
old idols, and their abject subieetion to their priests. There
1 is no doubt that they aspire to give tone and character to
j the wnoie Confederacy, and behove that their dream will be
1 reenzwl. We are preuy wMI convinced, however, that the
i people of the United States will never become a nation of
■ fanatical Puritan-:.''
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, you here find
j several distinct propositions advanced boldly by
| the Washington Union editorially and apparently
; authoritatively, and every man who questions any
j of them is aanounced as an Abolitionist, a Free-
! boilei, a fanatic. The propositions are, first, that
' the orimary object of all government at its ori-
j ginal institution is the protection of person and
t' property; second, that the Constitution of the
11 United States declares that the citizens of each
| State shall be entitled to all the privileges and im-
; munities of citizens in the several States; and that,
I therefore, thirdly, ail State laws, whether organic
! or otherwise, which prohibit the citizens of one
State from settling in another with their slave
property, and especially declaring it forfeited, are
direct violations of the original intention of the
Government and Constitution of the United States;
and fourth, that the emancipation of the slaves of
the northern States was a gross outrage on the
rights of property, inasmuch as it was involun-
tarily done on the part of  he owner.
Remember that this article was published in the
Union on the 17th of November, and on tlie 18th
appeared the first article giving the adhesion of
the Union to the Lecornpton constitution. t|twas
in these words:
" Kansas and her Constitution.—The vexed question
is settled. The problem is solved. Thedreadpointofdanger
is passed. All serious tiouble to Kansas affairs is over and
gone5' 
and a column, nearly, of the same sort. Then,
when you come to look into the Lecornpton con-
stitution, you find the same doctrine incorporated
in it which was put forth editorially in the Union.
What is it ?
^Articlk 7. Section 1. Tne right of property is before
and higher than any constitutional sanction ; and the right
of the owner of a slave to such slave and its increase is the
same and as inviolable as the light of the owner of any
property whatever.15
Then in the schedule is a provision that the
constitution maybe amended after 1864 by a two
thirds vote,
u But no alteration shall be made to affect the right of
property in the ownership of slaves."
It will be seen by these clauses in the Lecornp-
ton constitution, that they are identical in spirit
with this authoritative article in the Washington
Union of the day previous to its indorsement of
this constitution, and every man is branded as a
Free-Soiler and Abolitionist, who does not sub-
scribe to them. The proposition is advanced that
the emancipation acts of New York, of New Eng-
land, of Pennsylvania, and of New Jersey, were
unconstitutional, were outrages upon the right of
property, were violations of the Constitution of
the United States. The proposition is advanced
that a southern man has a right to move from South
Carolina, with his negroes, into Illinois, to settle
there and hold them there as slaves, anything in
the constitution and laws of Illinois to the con-
trary, notwithstanding. The proposition is, ihata
citizen of Virginia has rights in a free State, which
the citizen of a free State cannot himself have.
We prohibit ourselves from holding slaves with-
in our limits; and yet, according to this doctrine,
a citizen of Kentucky can move into our State,
bring in one hundred slaves with him, and hold
them as such in defiance of the constitution and
laws of our own State. If that proposition is true,
the creed of the Democratic party is false. The
principle of the Kansas-Nebraska bill is, that
each State and each Territory shall be left per-
fectly free to form and regulate its domestic in-
stitutions in its own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States." I ciaim that
Illinois has the sovereign right to prohibit slavery,
a right as undeniable as that the sovereignty of
Virginia may authorize its existence. We have
the sumo right to prohibit it that you have to
recognize and protect it. Each State is sovereign
within its own sphere of powers, sovereign in
respect to its own domestic and local institutions
and internal concerns. So long as you regulate
your local institutions to suit yourselves, we are
content; but when you claim the light to over-
ride our laws and our constitution, and deny our
right to form our institutions to suit ourselves, I
protest against it. The same doctrine is asserted
in this Lecornpton constitution. There, it is
stated, that the right of property in slaves is
" before and higher than any constitutional sanc-
tion."
Mr. President, I recognize the right of the
slaveholding States to regulate their local institu-
tions, to claim the services of their slaves under
their own State laws, and I am prepared to per-
form each and every one of my obligations under
the Constitution of the United States in respect
to them; but I do not admit, and I do not think
they are safe in asserting, that their right of prop-
erty in slaves is higher than and above constitu-
tional obligations, is independent of constitutional
obligations. When you rely upon the Constitu-
tional^ upon yourowniaws,youaresafe. When
you go beyond and above constitutional obliga-
tions, I know not where your safety is. If this
doctrine be true that slavery is higher than the
Constitution, and above the Constitution, it neces-
sarily follows that a State cannot abolish it, can-
not prohibit it, and the doctrine of the Washing-
ton Union, that the emancipation laws were out-
rages on the rights of property, and violations of
the Constitution, becomes the law
