1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
assigned to me. Whatever I might have done if
the House bill had continued before the com-
mittee, after the action of the House in substitut-
ing the Senate bill, and the fact that we are now
acting upon a Senate bill, must forever preclude
me from giving the bill, in any form, my assent.
The Chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. J. Glancy Jones] tells the House
—and it seems to me he made the announcement
ex cathedra—that the Senate has a perfect right
and full power to originate a Treasury note bill.
Sir, 1 know of no authority in any department
of the Government to settle this question for me.
I know that the Constitution provides that all
bills for raising revenue shall originate in the
House.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not debating his amendment.
Mr STANTON. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. The gentleman is debating his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to giving reasons why the amend-
ment should be adopted.
Mr. STANTON. I am showing that these
words should be stricken out, because it is a rev-
enue bill, and I want to amend it so that it shall
not be a revenue bill. Now, Mr. Chairman, it
is settled by the uniform practice of the House,
from the foundation of the Goveinment to the
present day, that an appropriation bill, if it in-
volves only $100, cannot originate in the Sen-
ate. That is not a taxing bill. It does not exer-
cise the taxing power; and who does not know
that one of the most usual modes of raising rev-
enue in all Governments, and especially in other
Governments like our own, is by raising loans and
by the issue of Treasury notes in every possible
form? If there was any reason for making any
such constitutional provision, it applies with as
much force to this bill as it can to any other form
of raising the revenue; just as much as it does to
a tariff, and just as much as it does to a bill for
direct taxation. Any bill which imposes a pecu-
niary liability on the Government, or a charge
upon the people, is, in common sense and in all
reason, a revenue bill.
Now, sir, the clause providing that these bills
shall originate in the House, is notamere matter
of form. Why, sir, the Senators from Texas,
the Senators from Delaware, and the Senators
from Florida, have just as much force in the pas-
sage of a Treasury note bill, or in originating it,
if it is to be originated in the Senate, as have the
Senators from the State of Pennsylvania or New
York. It matters not whether the debt is to be
liquidated by taxation, or by plpdgmg the credit
of the Government in a loan; it involves a charge
upon the people, and all such bills should origin-
ate with the immediate representatives of the peo-
ple.
Now, sir, I object to this bill, notonly because
it is a Senate bill, but because it does not provide
a proper mode for raising revenue. If, instead
of issuing Treasury notes, the bill provided for
raising a loan, I would care less about it. But,
sir,takenin connection with an involuntary bank-
rupt law, which I suppose is to follow it, and it
looks like an attempt, upon the part of the Gov-
ernment, to establish a national paper currency,
to take the place of the banking institutions of
the States. The President recommends the Le-
gislatures of the several States, for the first time
in the history of the recommendations of Pres-
idents, to adopt laws for th e limitation of the paper
issues of the banking institutions of the States.
He follows it up by the recommendation of the
passage of an involuntary bankrupt law for cor-
porations, for the purpose of sweeping them out
of existence, and then recommends the raising of
the loan, which I suppose is to take the place of
the paper currency of the banks of the several
States. We are to commence by an issue of
$20,000,000; and, in my opinion, it will be fol-
lowed up until it may reach ^100,000,000, and
supply all the avenues of commerce.
Mr. HOUSTON. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] and I
desire to correct the impression under which I
was when I propounded the last question to the
chairman of the Committee ofWays and Means.
Upon a reference to the Journals, I find that the
Treasury note bill of 1837 originated in the House.
The Senate originated a bill at the same session,
and for the same purpose, but acted upon the
House bill. I was under a slight misapprehen-
sion. Now, I propose to give one ortworeasons
why the Senate had the right to originate this
bill. I think the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stan-
ton] entirely destroys the force of his own argu-
ment, when he maintains that this bill must ori-
ginate in the House, but admits that the Senate
might originate a loan bill.
Mr. STANTON. I did not admit that.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I misunderstood the
gentleman. But, sir, I ask why the Senate could
not originate a loan bill, and this is but a loan
bill ? Is it a revenue bill ? It is true that it fur-
nishes money to the Treasury, but it is merely a
means of anticipating the revenue, which is ex-
pected to come into the Treasury through the
channels provided by existing laws of Congress
for raising revenue. This is not a revenue bill
any more than a bill which might be originated
in the Senate, for the sale of one of the ships of
war floating on the ocean, or for the sale of any
other property belonging to the Government. If
the Senate originate a bill for the sale of a cer-
tain piece of public property, by which you put
money into the Treasury, is it for that reason a
revenue bill ? I understand the clause of the Con-
stitution to which reference has been made, was
intended to apply to bills for imposing taxes upon
the people. It does not apply to a bill which pro-
poses to borrow money, or to obtain money by
a sale of property which may be useless to the
Government; as, for instance, by the sale of the
Port Snelling reservation of the public lands.
Mr. STANTON. Is an appropriation bill a tax-
ation bill?
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the gentleman is
mistaken about the power of the Senate to origin-
ate appropriation bills. There is no such doc-
trine settled now, and no such doctrine has ever
been settled. It is true that the Senate are not ill
the habit of originating the general appropriation
bills; but if I am not mistaken, they did originate
two or three appropriation bills during the last
Congress. I am not certain whether the House
acted on them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. They were received by the
House, and all laid on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I repeat, sir, that the rule
is not as the gentleman from Ohio has asserted it
to be, that the.Senate has no power to originate
appropriation bills. There is no such rule con-
tended for outside the Committee of Ways and
Means of this House, who do not want to have
their authority disputed by the Committee on Fi-
nance in the Senate. That is the reason of the
doctrine, and that is how it grew up.
I therefore say, in illustration of what I have
said, that the Senate has the same power to origin-
ate an appropriation bill that the House has; it
has the same power to originate a loan bill that
this House has; it has the same power as that
claimed by the House of Representatives to sell
any of the reservations of the public lands for
military or naval purposes, or to sell any of the
property of the United States that we may, by
law, dispose of.
Mr. STANTON, by genera! consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr.TAVLOR, of Louisiana. I move to amend
this section by striking out the last two lines.
Mr. Chairman, I have listened with some little
surprise to the ground taken by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Staxtox.] It seems to me that
it shows a singular misapprehension of the char-
acter of our Government, and of the functions of
the two Houses of Congiess. The Constitution
of the United States establishes the two Houses
of Congress, and gives to them legislative power.
In its grant of power to the two Houses of Con-
gress it particularizes the subjects.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the question now
before the committee?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. It is to strike
out the last two lines.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Louis-
iana must confine his remarks to the amendment
—striking out the last two lines. [Laughter.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Well, then, I
withdraw my amendment, and renew the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio.
The grant of power to the Congress of the
United States is first to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises, &c. The second is
to borrow money on the credit of the United
States. The second ground was separate and
distinct. There is but one prohibition imposed
upon the Senate of the United States; but one
limitation of power in regard to the action of that
branch of the Government, and it is to be found
in the seventh section of the same article. That
section declares that all bills for raising revenue
shall originate in the House. That relates to the
power given in the first clause of the seventh sec-
tion, and has no relation whatever to the second
specification of power delegated to Congress as
a legislative body. There is no other prohibi-
tion.
Now, the amendment proposed is, that stocks
of the United States shall be issued instead of
Treasury notes. The notion of that being proper
grows out of the assumption that the issuing of
Treasury notes is unusual. Mr. Chairman, if
one reverts to the history of this Government, he
will find that it is in strict accordance with the
settled principle that has prevailed ever since its
establishment. On all occasions when there has
been a need of a temporary supply of money, it
has been the practice of the Government of the
United States to issue Treasury notes. It took
advantage of that means during the war of 1812.
There were no less than six several acts passed-
during that period for the issue of notes. It was
not until the close of the war, and when it became
necessary to provide a permanent mode of pro-
ceeding, that it funded Treasury notes. In 1837
there were repeated acts passed for the issue of
Treasury notes to supply what was supposed to
be the temporary necessities of the Government.
That policy continued during several years; and
it was only when it was ascertained that there
was a necessity of making a permanent provision
that therg was any act passed for 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I move the following amend-
ment in good faith, and not for the purpose of
making a speech;
In section one, line seven, stiike out the words "one
hundred," and mseit "one thousand."
I offer the amendment in the confident belief
that it will remove the objection of some members
of the House who are opposed to this mode of
raising or borrowing money, on account of the
fear that these notes will enter into the circulation
of the country, and thus direct it to purposes not
intended by the Constitution, and not intended by
the Treasury system which now fortunately pre-
vails—a system which disconnected the Treasury
entirely from the banking business of the coun-
try. There are objections to throwing into cir-
culation Treasury notes of small amount. They
will take the place, to some extent, of the circula-
j tion of the country, and, to that extent, they will
' expel specie from circulation. I understand that
they require only the indorsement of the person
to whose order they are filled, and after that they
are thrown upon the country, will pass from hand
to hand, and will perform the functions of ex-
change. They will constitute a very good me-
dium of exchange, passing; from one point of the
country to another, between which there are vary-
ing rates of interest, and cutting off premiums,
which, otherwise, will have to be paid. I believe
the amendment which I offer will remedythatevil,
and that it will keep these notes, as they ought to
be kept, out of circulation.
Another evil they will correct. If gentlemen
will make a calculation of the labor thrown upon
the Treasury by the circulation of ten, fifteen, or
twenty millions of Treasury notes, they will find
that a large force of clerks will be necessary to be
employed to keep this intricate system under the
full and perfect control of the Department. That
will be in a great degree corrected by not allow-
ing the issue of Treasury notes under the sum of
SI ,000. I have offered the amendment in good
faith, because I desire to aid the Government in
acquiring the means of carrying on its affairs. It
is true, as said by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Barks,] I prefer the old-fashioned
way of borrowing money, and not by means uf
issuing Treasury notes, because I believe that
the Treasury of the United States, unless watched
by the people, will be corrupted. I am ready to
supply the necessary means to paythe expenses
of the Government, and will vote for it in any
shape that may be necessary to accomplish that
object; but I think this amendment will tend, in
a great degree, to remove the objections which
