200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
35th Cong....I st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—"Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
When. I saw that article in the Union of the
17th of November, followed by the glorification
of the Lecompton constitution on the 18th of No-
vember, and this clause in the constitution assert-
ing the doctrine that no State has a right to pro-
hibit slavery within its limits, I saw that there
was a fatal blow being struck at the sovereignty
of the States of this Union, a death blow to State
rights, subversive of the Democratic platform and
ofthe principles upon which the Democratic-party
have ever stood and upon which I trust they ever
will stand. Because of these extraordinary doc-
trines, I declined to vote for the editor of the
Washington Union for Public Printer; and for that
refusal, as I suppose, I have been read out of the
party by the editor of the Union at least every
other day from that time to this. Sir, I submit
the question: who has deserted the Democratic
party and the Democratic platform, he who
stands by the sovereign right of the States to es-
tablish, abolish, and prohibit slavery as it pleases,
or he who attempts to strike down the sovereignty
of the States, and combine all power in one cen-
tral government, and establish an empire instead
of a Confederacy?
The principles upon which the presidential
campaign ofl856was fought, on which the present
ChiefMagistrate was brought to the high position
he now occupies, are well known to the country.
At least, in Illinois, I think I am authorized to
state what they were with clearness and precis-
ion, so far as the slavery question is concerned.
The Democracy 6f Illinois are prepared to stand
on the platform upon which the battle of 1S5G
was fought. It was:
First, The migration or importation of negroes
into the country having been prohibited since
1808—never again to be renewed—each State will
take care of its own colored population.
Second, That wl J.c negroes are not citizens of
the United States, and hence not entitled to po-
litical equality with whites, they should enjoy
all the rights, privileges, and immunities wlncn
they are capable of exercising, consistent with
the safety and welfare of the community where
they live.
Ihird, That each State and Territory must
judge and determine for itself of the nature and
extent of these rights and privileges.
Fourth, That while each free State should and
will maintain and protect all the rights of the
slaveholdmg States, they will, each for itself,
maintain and defend its sovereign right within
its own limits, to form and regulate their own
domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States.
fifth, That in the language of Mr. Buchanan's
letter of acceptance of the presidential nomina-
tion, the Nebraska-Kansas act docs no more
than give the form of law to this elementary prin-
ciple of self-government, when it declares that
the people of a Territory, like those of a State,
shall decide for themselves whether slavery shall
J .ill not exist ..ithin their limits.
These were thegeneral propositions on which we
maintained the canvass on the slavery question—
the right of each State to decide for itself; that a
negro should have such rights as he was capable
of enjoying, and could en joy, consistently with
the safety and welfare of society; and that each
State should decide for itself the nature and ex-
tent and description of those rightsand privileges.
Hence, if you ell.. .-'e in North Carolina to have
slaves, it is your business, and not ours. If we
choose in Illinois to prohibit slavery, it is our
right, and you must not interfere with it. If New
York chooses to give privileges to the negro which
we withhold, it is her right to extend them, but
she must not attempt to force us to do the same
thin'. Lot each S*}*-; take care of its own affairs,
rauiu i.o own busi. ' ..s, and let its neighbors alone,
then there will be peace in the country. When-
ever you attempt to enforce uniformity, and, judg-
ing that a peculiar institution is good for you, and
therefore good for everybody else, try to force it
on everybody, you will find that there will be
resistance to the demand. Our Government was
net formed on the idea that there was to be uni-
iformity of local laws or local institutions. It
was founded upon the supposition that there must
be diversity and variety in the institutions and
laws. Our fathers foresaw that the local insti-
tutions which would suit the granite hills of New
Hampshire would be ill adapted to the rice plan-
tations of South Carolina. They foresaw that
the institutions which would be well adapted to
the mountains and valleys of Pennsylvania, would
not suit the plantation interests of Virginia. They
foresaw that the great diversity of climate, of pro-
duction, of interests, would require a correspond-
ing diversity of local laws and local institutions.
For this reason, they provided for thirteen sepa-
rate States, each with a separate Legislature, and
each State sovereign within its own sphere, with
the right to make all its local laws and local in-
stitutions to suit itself, on the supposition that
they would be as different and as diversified as
the number of States themselves. Then the Gen-
eral Government was made, with a Congress hav-
ing limited and specified powers, extending only
to those subjects which were national and not lo-
cal, which were Federal and not State.
These were the principles on which our institu-
tions were established. These are the principles
on which the Democratic party has ever fought
its battles. This attempt now to establish the
doctrine that a free State has no power to prohibit
slavery, that our emancipation acts were uncon-
stitutional and void, that they were outrages on
the rights of property, that slavery is national and
not local, that it goes everywhere under the Con-
stitution of the United States, and yet is higher
than the Constitution, above the Constitution,
beyond the reach of sovereign power, existing by
virtue of that higher law proclaimed by the Sen-
ator from New York, will not be tolerated. When
the doctrine of a higher law, a law above the Con-
stitution, a law overriding the Constitution, and
imposing obligations upon public men in defiance
of the Constitution, was first proclaimed in the
Senate, itwasdeemed moral treason in this body;
but now I am read out of the party three times a
week by the Washington Union, for disputing
this higher law, which is embodied in the Le-
compton constitution, that slavery, the right to
slave property, does not depend upon human law
nor constitutional sanction, but is above and be-
yond and before all constitutional sanctions and
obligations! I feel bound, as a Senator from a
sovereign State, to repudiate and rebuke this doc-
trine. I am bound as a Democrat, bound as an
American citizen, bound as a Senator claiming to
represent a sovereign State, to enter my protest,
and the protest of my constituency, against such
a doctrine. Whenever such a doctrine shall be
ingrafted on the policy of this country, you will
have revolutionized the Government, annihilated
tlie sovereignty of the States, established a con-
solidated despotism with uniformity of local in-
stitutions, and that uniformity being slavery, ex-
isting by Divine right, and a higher law beyond
the reach of the Constitution and of human au-
thority.
Mr. President, if my protest against this inter-
polation into the policy of this country or the
creed of the Democratic party is to bring me under
the ban, I am ready to meet the issue. I am told
that this Lecompton constitution is a party test,
a party measure; that no man is a Democrat who
does not sanction it, who does not vote to bring
Kansas into the Union with the government es-
tablished under that constitution. Sir, who made
it a party test? Who made it a party measure?
Certainly the party has notassembled in conven-
tion to ordain any such thing to be a party meas-
ure. I know of but one State convention that has
indorsed it. It has not been declared to be a party
measure by State conventions or by a national
convention, or by a senatorial caucus, or by a
caucus of the Democratic members of the House
of Representatives. How, then, came it to be a
party measure ? The Democratic party laid down
its creed at its last national convention. That
creed is unalterable for four years, according to
the rules and practices of the party. Who has
interpolated this Lecompton constitution into the
party platform ?
Oh! but we are told it is an Administration
measure. Because it is an Administration meas-
ure, docs it therefore follow that it is a party
measure? Is it the right of an Administration to
declare what are party measures and what are
not? That has been attempted heretofore, and it
has failed. When John Tyler prescribed a creed
to the Whig party, his right to do so was not re-
spected. When a certain doctrine in regard to
the neutrality laws was proclaimed to be a party
measure, my friends around me here considered
it a "grave error," and it was not respected.
When the Army bill was proclaimed an Adminis-
tration measure, the authority to make it so was
put at defiance, and the Senate rejected it by a
vote of four to one, and the House of Represent-
atives voted it down by an overwhelming major-
ity. Is the Pacific railroad bill a party measure?
I should like to see whether the guillotine is to be
applied to every recreant renegade who does not
come up to that test. Is the bankrupt law a party
measure? We shall see, when the vote is taken,
how many renegades there will be then. Was
the loan bill an Administration measure, or a party
measure? Is the guillotine to be applied to every
one who does not yield implicit obedience to the
behests of an Administration in power? There is
infinitely more plausibility in declaring each of
the measures to which I have just alluded to be
an Administration measure, than in declaring the
Lecompton constitution Jo be such. By what
right does the Administration take cognizance of
the Lecompton constitution ?
The Constitution of the United States says that
" new States may be admitted into the Union by
the Congress;" not by the President, not by the
Cabinet, not by the Administration. TheLecomp-
ton constitution itself says, " this constitution
shall be submitted to the Congress of the United
States at its next session;" not to t.he President,
not to the Cabinet, not to the Administration.
The convention in Kansas did not send it to the
Administration, did not authorize it to be sent to
the President, but directed it to be sent to Con-
gress; and the President of the United States only
got hold of it through the commission of the sur-
veyor general, who was also president of the Le-
compton convention. The constitution as made
was ordered to be sent directly to Congress; Con-
gress having power to admit States, and the Pres-
ident having nothing to do with it. The moment
Fou pass a law admitting a State it executes itself,
t is not a law to be executed by the President
or by the Administration. It is the last measure
on earth that could be rightfully made an Admin-
istration measure. It is not usual for the consti-
tution of a new State to come to Congress through
the hands of the President. True, the Minnesota
constitution was sent to the President because the
convention of Minnesota directed it to be so sent;
and the President submitted it to us without any
recommendation. Because Senators and Repre-
sentatives do not yield their judgments and their
consciences, and bow in abject obedience to the
requirements of an Administration in regard to a
measure on which the Administration are not re-
quired to act at all, a system of proscription, of
persecution, is to be adopted against every man
who maintains his self-respect, his own judgment,
and his own conscience.
1 do not recognize the right of the President or
his Cabinet, no matter what my respect may be
for them, to tell me my duty in the Senate Cham-
ber. The President has his duties to perform
under the Constitution; and he is responsible to
his constituency. A Senator has his duties to per-
form here under the Constitution and according
to his oath; and he is responsible to the sovereign
State which he represents as his constituency.
A member of the House of Representatives has
his duties under the Constitution and his oath ;a'nd
he is responsible to the people that elected him.
The President has no more right to prescribe testa
to Senators than Senators have to the President;
the President has no more right to prescribe tests
to the Representatives than the Representatives
have to the President. Suppose we here should
attempt to prescribe a test of faith to the Presi-
dent of the United States: would he not rebuke
our impertinence and impudence as subversive of
the fundamental principle of the Constitution?
Would he not tell us that the Constitution and lii3
oath and his conscience were his guide; that we
must perform our duties, and he would perform
his, and let each be responsible to his own con-
stituency?
Sir, whenever the time comes that the Presi-
dent of the United States can change the allegi-
ance of the Senators from the States to himself,
