<&2m
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is; but all
bills objected to are to be passed over under the
order of the Senate, and the Senator from Louis-
iana objects to the consideration of this bill.
The bill was passed over.
JAMES BELL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 125) for the relief of the legal representatives
. of James Bell, deceased.
Mr. PUGH. I object to that bill.
The bill was passed over.
JOSE DE LA MAYA ARREDONDO.
Tlie Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 126) for the re-
lief of the heirs and legal representatives of Jose
de la Maya Arredondo.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Florida
[Mr. Mallory] had an amendment to offer to that
bill. I do not see him in his seat. It had better
be passed over.
The bill was passed over.
GEORGE PHELPS.
The bill (S. No. 128) for the relief of George
Phelps, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole
Mr. SLIDELL. Let us hear the report in that
case.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Iverson, February 8, from the Committee
on Claims;
This claim passed the Senate at the la.-.t session of Con-
gress, and upon a reexamination of' the ease the committee
are of opinion that the chum is just, and they report a bill
accordingly. The facts, as stated m the report <>t last ses-
sion, are as follows s
The petitioner presents the following account:
"The United State?,
'* To George Phelps, I)r,
" May J, IBtG. To extra servient, as messenger, rendered
in the Quartermaster General's Oflice, War Department,
at nightb and Sundays, after the elOMiig of the public offices,
front 1st Deei'iubei", 1639, to 1st July, 1816, mx yenra and
five months, nt $!.'> per month, $1,15.5."
Hi\ Phelps wa-> the regular messenger m ?aid oliice dur-
ing the period named, at a salary ot ftSOO a year.
in answer to mquiucs addressed to him the Quarter-
master General states that the allegations contained m the
memorial are true; that in consequence of the pressure of
business in the office, ai i uig out ot the Indian hostilities in
Florida, he was obliged to remain in the office almost every
afternoon, and often until late at night, and often a portion,
and sometimes tla* whole of Sundays ; and that Mr. i'helps.
was obliged to remain and closi- the ofhee, &.o.
General Jcsup adds : u The sum he asks is Mnall com-
pared with the amount of labor he has peribrrned ; he has
fairly and honesily earned it."
Under the peculiar eheum*tanees of thi* case, and in view
of the s>tiong indorsement of iw equitable merits by the dis-
tinguished head of thequnrterma>t«'t general's department,
the committee rf port a bill lot the payment of the sum
claimed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time and paused.
jennett h. m'call.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 30) for the relief of Jmnett H. McCali.
Mr. STUART. Tnat. bill is objected to.
Mr. BROWN. If u is, J give notice that we
might as well go back to the iirst of the Calendar
for 1 shall object to every bill after that. There
is no reason to object to that bill. If gentlemen
want to get their private bills passed, take them
up and discuss them in regular order.
Mr. STUART. I am sorry the Senator should
deem it necessary to make any such statement.
I have no bill on the Calendar that 1 want passed.
The Senator fiom Alabama not. m his seat, [Mr.
Clay,] desired that the bill should lie laid aside,
for he intended to debate it.
Mr. BROWN. It has been laid aside twice
for the Senator from Alabama, and 1 asked him
to be here. I cannot consent to let bills be post-
poned time after time on account ofSenators being
absent. I can object as well as others.
Mr. STUART. I see that the Senator ft am
Alabama is here. I call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Alabama to it, and ask if he wishes to
discuss that bill ? It is a revolutionary claim.
Mr. CLAY. 1 did propose to say something
about it. I hope it will he over for the present.
The bill was laid over.
Mr. QLAY shortly afterwards said: I objected
to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 130) for the
relief of Jennett H. McCali. 1 did so for reasons
which I Supposed tb obtain iir this case, bat which
I am now satisfied do not obtain; and I wir.h
briefly to state to the Senate the reasons why-I
withdraw the objection*, and I hope the bill will
be taken up and passed. 1 bad always regarded
the pensions—^
Mr. KING. I had hoped that we should go
on regularly through the Calendar. If, therefore,
the gentleman withdraws his objection tolhat bill,
I shall renew it. I shall object to any bills that
have been passed by. I think it is better to go
through with the Calendar, taking up the bills in
their order.
W. Y. HANSELL AND OTHERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 135) for the relief of W. Y. Hansell, W. H.
Underwood, and the representatives of Samuel
Rockwell; which the Secretary proceeded to read.
! Mr. STUART, ft is obvious that that bill can-
! not be considered without debate.
| The bill was passed over.
I Mr. BROWN. I suggest that this is a very
| idle proceeding. We are wasting time. I have
• already notified the Senate that I mean to object
! to bills when they come up. We had better go
! back and debate them in regular order. Gentle-
! men object to bifis without having much reason
! for it. We waste hours in reading: bills that are
! objected to. Let us go back to the beginning of
the Calendar, and discuss the bills in their order.
Mr. STUART. Itcertainly is not necessary to
take any lime to discuss the subject. The Sena-
tor has just come in. The Senate made an order
that they would go through the Piivate Calendar
until one o'clock, considering only such bills as
did not give rise to debate. If the Senator had
been here he could have made his objection. He
can now move to reconsider that order, or any-
thing of that sort. But forthe Senator from Mis-
sissippi to say he will object to all the rest of the
bills is rather singular. It isa privilege he has if
he chooses to exeieis'- it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
in order will be read
CHARLES G. RIDGELY.
The next bill on the Calendar was th* bill (S.
No. 144) for the relief of Charles G. Ridgely, Uni-
ted States Navy, which the Secretary proceeded
to read.
Mr. BROWN. I object to its consideration.
The bill was passed over.
Mr. BROWN subsequently said: I objected a
little while aj?o to a bill for the relief of Charles
(r. Ridgely. 1 had no reason for if except I thought
it was unjust to object to a bill for the relief of a
poor cripnled old woman m my country, which
has been objected to half a dozen times, I am
quite sine, without anysort of reason. But 1 sup-
pose hceause other people treat the old woman
wiong, I ought not to do wrong to others.
Mr. HALE. I am sorry that I am obliged to
renew the objection to K.
JAMES SUDDARDS.
Th* next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 148) for the relief of James Suddards.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is one of a class of
cases that was objected to before, as being based
on wrong principle.
The bill was passed over.
GEORGE H. HOWELL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 149) for the relief of George H. Howell.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is of the same char-
acter as the previous bill.
The bill was passed over.
LIEUTENANT JOSHUA D. TODD.
The bill (S No. 153) for the relief of Lieuten-
ant Joshua D.Todd, United States Navy, was
next announced.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have looked at the re-
port in that case, and I cannot agree to that bill
passing. I flunk the principle is wrong.
The bill was passed over.
WILLIAM F. CARRINGTON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 154) for the relief of William F. Carrington,
passed assistant surgeon in the Navy of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is one of the same
cUss ofjbills. i
The bill was passed over.
ROBERT CARTER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 155) for the relief of Robert Carter, passed
assistant surgeon, in the Navy of the United
' States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is one of the same
class.
The bill was passed over.
JOSHUA SHAW.
The bill (S. No. 150) for the relief of Joshua
Shaw, of Bordentown, New Jersey, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Joshua Shaw of
$7,000, which amount, with that paid to him under
the provisions of the act approved February 20,
1846, is to be in full compensation to him for the
past and future use of Ins invention of percussion
caps and locks for small arms, and of percussion
locks and wafer primers to be applied to the fit mg
of cannon.
This claim is based upon the use, by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, of the memorial-
ist's invention of the copper percussion caps and
locks for small arms, and percussion locks and
wafer primers for cannon. The facts of the in-
vention by Mr. Shaw, of its great utility and of
its extensive use by the Government, have been
fully admitted by the ordnance department. In
1847, Congress passed an act (9 Stat., 684,) au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to examine the
claim of Mr. Shaw, and directing its payment, to
an amount not exceeding $25,000. Under this act
$18,000 was allowed and paid, and the present
application is for the payment of the remaining
$7,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
anthony s. robinson.
The bill (S. No 158) for the relief of Anthony
S. Robinson, heirand legal representative of John
Hamilton Robinson, deceased, was next an-
nounced.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This bill on the Calendar
is stated to j)e accompanied by a report, No. 79.
Report No. 79,1 find, has no reference to it at all.
There is some rustake. If there be a report, I
ask for its reading.
Mr. POLK. 1 think there is a report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report is
No. 89.
Mr. BlGLElt. I think that the bill had better
Ho over.
Mr, BENJAMIN. I waive the reading; of the
repoit, and object to the passage of the bill.
Mr. POLK. I think if the report be read the
Senator will be satuxfnd.
The bill was passed over.
WILLIAM D. MOSELEY.
The bill (S. No. 172) for the relief of William
D. Moxeley was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to release hiin from the penalties
anu liabilities incurred by hnn as surety of Har-
rison R. Blanchard, on his contract with the Uni-
ted States, dated September 2o, 1855, for the sup-
ply of live-oak timber.
H. R. Blanchard contracted with the United
States, on the 25th of September, 1S55, to deliver
at the navy-yard, New York, on or before the 1st
of October, 1856, live-oak, for naval purposes,
amounting, in all, to $38,820. For the perform-
ance of this contract, the memorialist, together
with Mr. A. Williams, was j^int surety m the
sum of $70,000; and upon the failure of the con-
tractor to perform u, the memorialist took an ab-
solute assignment of the contract from him, as
his affidavit shows, and at once entered upon its
performance in good faith. Upon referring to the
scale of offers accompanying the report of the
Secretary of the Navy of the 1st of December,
1856, it will be perceived that Mr. Blanchard's
offer was $8,580 lower than the next highest bidder.
By the terms of the contract, the timber was to
be cut within thirty miles of the sea; and the me-
morialist states that Indian hostilities existed ill
this country, and he was thereby prevented from
executing it. He, however, furnished a large
portion of the timber, and the Navy Department
cb'ntr'abtcH with a new party for supplying the
