1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
remainder, at prices exceeding these allowed to
Blanchard. There has been paid to Mr. Bianchard,
on bis contract, the sum of §33,979 35, and the
reservation in the hands of the Government
amounts to $2,4G6 94. The-committee find that
the memorialist contracted to deliver this timber
at unusually low rates, and that he entered upon
the performance of his contract in good faith, and
probably would have completed it, but for Indian
hostilities; that if the contract be closed, and the
reservation of £2,466 94, retained by the United
States, be paid to the memorialist, the average of
the whole contract will then be at a low rate, and
the entire frame, under the two contracts, will
have been delivered for #41,546 29, which is on
advantageous terms to the Government; that the
United States having therefore lost nothing, but
having actually obtained this timber upon advant-
ageous terms, the committee deem the memorialist
entitled to relief.
The biil was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DR. KANE.
The joint resolution (S. No. 20) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to pay to the officers
and seamen of the expedition in search of Dr.
Kane the same rate of pay that was allowed to the
officers and seamen of the expedition under Lieu-
tenant De Haven, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
'Bhe joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for j
a third reading, read the third time, and passed. |
PUBLIC LANDS IN MISSOURI. !
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. j
No. 157) to provide for the payment to the State !
of Missouri of two per centum of the net proceeds
of the sales of the public lands therein, heretofore
reserved under a compact with that State.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire that that bill may-
lie over.
The bill was passed over.
BENJAMIN E. EDWARDS.
The bill (S. No. 186) to confirm the title of
Benjamin E. Edwards to a certain tract of land in
the Territory of New Mexico, was read a sccond
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. -
It proposes to confirm Benjamin E. Edwards
in his title to six hundred and forty acres of land,
situate in the Territory of New Mexico, being
the tract of land located by virtue of a certificate
No. 444, of the second class, issued by the board
of land commissioners for the county of Bexar,
and State of Texas, to one Andrew Flores,.dated
August 16, 1847, and the same tract of land for
which a patent was authorized to be issued by
the act of the State of Texas, entitled " An act to
require the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to issue patents therein named," approved
December 2, 1850, and which is more particularly
described in the plat and field notes accompanying
the survey, executed by R. S. Howard, deputy
surveyor, and approved of by the district surveyor
for the district of Bexar, on the 30th of Novem-
ber, 1849, which survey is numbered thirty-eight
in section fifteen, in what was then known as the
Bexar land district for the State of Texas, and
which is now on record in the office of the com-
missioner of the general land office of the State of
Texas.
Mr. STUART. Is that one of those head-right
cases ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is; but it is one of those
wluch were included in a special act passed by
Texas. There are four or five which Texas, by
special act, directed a patent to issue for. The act
was passed a month or two after the cession to
the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
A. W. M'PHERSON.
The bill (S. No. 188) for the relief of A. W. ;
McPherson was announced as next in order. j
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case ? |
Mr. IVfiRSON. I can state to the Senator j
from New York the facts without reading the re- j
port—it is raLher a long one. Thjs man, Mc- ]
Phcrson, was employed by the Uuitod States
marshal in San Francisco, under the direction of
the judge of the district court, to rent rooms for
the accommodation of the district and circuit
courts and furnish them.
The claim put in was a very large one. The
Committee on Claims thought the araountclaimed
for the articles furnished wasentirely too extrava-
gant, an,d therefore wpuld not allow the amount,
and they have left it to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to allow^whatever he thinks is reasonable and
proper. The Government, of course, ought to
pay some price.
Mr. KING. I waive the ea'l.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would rather that that
bill should lie over, and that there sliould be some
limitation to it. The idea of paying $18,000 for
furnishing a court room is rather extravagant.
The bill was passed over.
STURGES, BENNETT AND CO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 121) from the Court of Claims for the relief
of Sturges, Bennett & Co., merchants, of the city
of New York.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is an adverse report in
that case.
The bill was passed over.
LAND IN WISCONSIN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the biil (S. I
No. J96) authorizing the Domestic and Foreign !
Missionary Society of the Protestant Episcopal j
Church in the United States to enter a certain j
tract of land in the State of Wisconsin. I
Mr. POLK. I object to that bill. It is similar |!
to a case which was discussed here a few days !|
ago. j1
The bill was passed over. \
JOSEPH HARDY AND ALTON LONG. !
The consideration of the bill (S. No. 198) for |
the relief of Joseph Hardy and Alton Long was ;
resumed as in Committee of the Whole. <
It proposes to direct the Secretarv of the Treas- ;
ury to ascertain, as in the case of John P. B. and j
Henry Gratiot, what amount, if any, of rent was .
exacted by the United States agents of lead mines ;
from Joseph Hardy, for lead mined and smelted ;
upon the lands of the Ottowa, Pottawatomie, j
Chippewa, Winnebago, or other tribes of Indi- j
ans, prior to their purchase by the United States, |
and pay such amount as may be legally pioved j
to have been actually paid by Joseph Hardy to j
such agents of the United States.
The1 biil was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a th/rd
reading, read the third time, and passed
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the special order comes
up as a matter of course.
Mr. FOSTER. I appeal to the Senate, before
the special order is taken up, to proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 297) to extend an act
entitled "An act to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans," approved February 3,
1853. It comprises probably more special cases
than any other bill before the Senate—private
claims. It embraces a large numberof very mer-
itorious and needy persons, and unless it be
i passed now, there is no probability of its getting
through the other House during the session. The
bill has received the approbation of the Commit-
tee on Pensions, with one exception. One mem-
ber of the committee teserved his opinion. Ithas
also been submitted to the Depattmeut, and has
received the approbation of thf Pension Office.
Mr. STUART. I would inquire of the Sen-
atorfrom Connecticut if 1 understand the bill cor-
rectly. Is it a bill in regard to the construction of
an act as to Navy pensions?
Mr. FOSTER It is not. It has nothing to do
with any thine of that sort.
Mr. JONES. It is only to continue the pen-
sions of widows.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope this bill may be taken
up by unanimous consent.
Mr. PUGH. It will save us a great deal of
trouble to pass that lull.
Mr FOSTER. And I do not think it will lead to
debate.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The hill provides that all those surviving wid-
ows and minor .children who haye been or may
be granted and allowed five years1 half pay under
the provisions of any law or laws of the United
States, shall be gran ted a continuance of such-half
pay under the following terms and limitations: to
such widows during life, and to such child or
children, where there is no widow, whilst under
the age of sixteen years, to commence from the
expiration of the half pay provided for by the first
section of the act entitled " An act to continue
half pay to certain widows and orphans," ap-
proved February 3, 1853; but it is provided, that
in case of the marriage or death of any such widow,
the half pay shall go to the child or children of
the deceased officer or soldier whilst under the age
of sixteen years; and, in like manner, the child
or children of such deceased officer or soldier,
when there is no widow, shall be paid no longer
than while there are children or a child under that
age. The half pay of such widows and orphans
is to be half the monthly pay of the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of
the infantry of the regular Army of the United
States, and no more: and no greater sum is to be
allowed to any such widow or minor children than
the half pay of a lieutenant colonel. This act is
not to be construed to apply to or embrace the case
of any person or persons now receiving a pension
for life; and wherever half pay shall have been
granted by any special act of Congress-, and is re-
newed or continued under the provisions of this
act, it is to commence from the date of this act.
Mr. PUGH. I would suggest to the Senator
from Connecticut that the pensions to widows
ought to be restrained for life or widowhood. 1
do not think after the woman has married again
she should have a pension. It is continued for
life in this bill. In the first section, the eighth
line, after the word " life," I move to insert the
words "or wido%vhood."
Mr. MASON. It seems to me, from the read-
ing of the bill, that it is intended to affect the
whole pension system of that class.
Mr. FOSTER. It is so.
Mr. MASON. I would ask if it. has been re-
ported from the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES. And it has been recommended
! by the Commissioner of Pensions.
: "Mr. PUGH. It is simply a general bill in lieu
| of a continued stream of private bills. I think
! we had better pass it, and we shall save more
j money by saving time on the Private Calendar,
I than the bill calls for. My amendment is, in the
| eighth line, after the word " life," to insert " or
! widowhood."
; Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to. I do not believe in laws
! restraining marriage. I do not like the policy of
| th?m. I hope the amendment will not prevail. _
i Mr. FOSTER. I will say ill regard to this
point, that thero are now very manjr private acts
for widows, granting pensions during life, that
were passed under precisely these circumstances.
This was intended to carry out a policy which it
i was supposed had been adopted, because thero
I are quite a numberof that class. I examined that
! question and found there was quite a number of
;i that description. I would further remark that in
j' all cases where the widow lias children, in the
i| event of her marrying again, the pension is to
!' cease and go to the minor children under sixteen
i1 vears of age; and is then to cease when those
i; children exceed the age of sixteen, so that there
I would be very few cases, I presume, where the
!: honorable "Senator's amendment would really
; I have any effect.
'] Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the honorable
'! Senator from Connecticut to say this is a mere
! extension of the former law; and subject to the
:! provisions of that? ,
!! Mr. FOSTER. In this particular it exceeds
■ i the other, because the other was simply a law for
II five years. This does give to the widows a pen-
sion for iife;provided, however,thatif they marry
! again, the pension goes to their-mmor_ children.
' I was saying, also, there were various individual
cases where Congress had granted to widows a
!i pension lor life, notwithstanding the general law
\\ is a pension for five years. The bill was drawn
m reference to those cases.
)■ Mr. PUGH. It maybe as the Senator suggests,
' that there aie cuch eases, 'out they have passed
