203
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecom/pton Constitution—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
many of his present friends voted with him then?
How many of the men whose cooperation ho is
seeking to-day, with whom he is consulting, in
order to defeat the consummation of these great
measures, voted with him on the proposition
which he and I sustained ten years ago? With
the exception, it may be, of the Senators from
Kentucky and Tennessee, all those gentlemen
who support him now wciethen his bitter oppo-
nents Here they sit all around me; my friends
from Vermont, from New Hampshire, and ail of
tharo here, stood then his determined enemies.
Did the South defeat the extension of the Mis- |
souri compromise line to the Pacific? She did ;
not. While she denied your right to prohibit
her institutions anywhere, she said " this com-
promise having been adopted by our fathers, we
will stand by itand it £ot every southern vote.
These miserable pretenders who talk of its sanc-
tity now, not a man of them voted for it then.
These hypocrites, who pretend that it was a sa-
cred compact, every man of them gave his vote
against it. Itdid notgetthe supportof any of its
present defenders in this Hall to-day, but the
Senator from Tennessee and the Senator from
Kentucky.
When you refused division wc demanded prin-
ciple. I cooperated with the Senator from Illi-
nois in 1850. We then said that the people set-
tling our distant Territories should determine for
themselves their own institutions. Who sanc-
tioned that? Was it the Senator fromNew Yoi'k?
Not he. Was it the Senator from Vermont ? Not
he. The Senator from Illinois and myself were
together then; but where is the man among all his
present confederates who stood with him then?
Echo answers, where ? He is not to be found.
Then we come to 1854, when there was a prac-
tical illustration of (he principle adopted in 1850.
1 stood by the Senator then. 1 stood by hnn in
1848 and I stood by hnn m 1850, though not of
his party. I represented then the Whig party;
I was true to nty allegiance; I stood by itsflagas
long a.s it floated on this continent; but when it
was carried into the Abolition phalanx, I trampled
it u nder my foot and despised it as its great lender
said he would do
Where is the man among the Senator's pres-
ent comrades, who backed this sentiment in 1854 ?
Where is he? lie is not to be found. I believe
not even the Senator iVom Michigan was among
them. Certainly he was noun 3848; and oven the
Senator from Illinois, in 1850, though his own
principles were in conformity wnh this gi eat idea,
himself voted in favor of the power of Congress
to cram constitutions, not only down the will of
a majority, but down t ho throats of every man in
tin* Territories of the United States, north and
south of 36° 30r.
Mr. STUART. Does ihe Senator from Geor-
gia allude (o mv action in 1854?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; m 1850.
Mr, STUART. In 1850 I was not in Con-
gress.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know the Senator voted for
the Wilmot proviso when he and I were in the
other House.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; and if the Senator
will show mc the difference between the constitu-
tionality of the Wilmot proviso and the Missouri
compiomise, 1 shall be greatly obliged to him.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will do that at a more con-
venient season.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir!
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not to be diverted from
this review that I am on now. I have endeavored
to show the difference between the two on former
occasions; but whether it be constitutional or not,
I am telling where men stood, and I say that all
these men who to-day declare that Congress has
no right to cram constitutions down tlus throats of
a majority, deny every act of their public life, for
they have held it to be right to cram free consti-
tutions down anybody's throat. The difficulty
is when there is a 44 nigger" m it. [Laughter.]
That is the constitution that is not to be crammed
down; and that is the case with every man of
thenj. When there is slavery in it, they strike
for freedom and the will of the people; but when
itcomes ton free constitution, no Wdmot-proviso
man, no man who luis stood here for the right of
Congress to prohibit slavery forever in Territo-
ries and States, can stand up without playing the
hypocrite meanly and contemptibly, and talk of
cramming constitutions down people's throats. I
was ashamed of some gentlemen when 1 heard
them do it. If you would put it on the ground
that your objection is not to the cramming process,
but to that which is to be crammed down, it would
be well enough. The Wilmot-proviso man holds
that you can prohibit slavery forever in the Ter-
ritories. That means that you can cram freedom
whether the people want it or not, but take care
how you cram slavery.
Mr. WADE. That is it.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is it, says my friend
from Ohio, who is always honest and outspoken,
and straightforward, and I wish to God the rest
of you would imitate him. He speaks out like a
man. lie says that is the difference, and it is.
He means what he says. He and I can agree
about everything on earth until we get to our sable
population, I do believe.
In 1854, we carried out this principle, and we
took away prohibition. I am amazed at all these
gentlemen who stand by prohibition; lam amazed
at my friend from Kentucky, who says it would
have been better if that had stood; I am amazed
that any man who was ready to maintain that sla-
very or involuntary servitude, except for crime,
should never exist north of 36° 30', should come
here find insult the understanding of Senators—
oldgenilemen—and they ought to be respectable
gentlemen; they ought to be tolerably sensible
gentlemen—by telling us that they arc opposed to
cramming constitutions down people's throats,
when they have stood for nothing else all their
lifetime. Thatisjustwhatyouarefor. Yourcom-
plnint is that you would not let us cram consti-
tutions on the people; that we took off prohibition
and allowed them to do as they pleased
The honorable Senator from Illinois came here
| in the beginning of December, and then he had
! certain reasons against admitting Kansas with
| the Lecompion constitution. One of the most re-
! markable things in the speech of the honorable
I Senator to-nieht, which struck me forcibly, and
! I have no doubt will strike every man here, is
j that every argument which he used arose since the
: 9th of December, when lie fired in opposition
against the Administration. All his reasons for
opposition have arisen since the opposition be-
gan. That is a little remarkable, and I will re-
view some of his reasons.
The election on the 21st of December had not
then taken place, so that there was no fraud in
that which could influence him. The election on
the 4th of January had not then taken place, and
there was no fraud in that which could affect him.
Regent Calhoun had not done this great grievance,
and there was no objection on that ground. The
President had not victimized his friends, there was
noobjection on Lhat score: and I believe every sin-
gle objection, except as to the mode of submitting
the constitution, which has been made to-night
in a three hours'speech by the Senator from Illi-
nois, has arisen since he started his'opposition. I
will now proceed to examine them.
The great question has been asked all around,
the great question upon which this issue is put
] before the nation is: have the people of Kansas
| been left free to form their institutions in their own
! way? I say they have. 1 say the proof is con 
i elusive, und the objections are pretenses and prc-
I texts manufactured for a purpose, and not for the
; truth. I mean to say that the question of a con-
| vention was fairly submitted, that the Legislature
j had power to submit it, that a majority of the legal
' voters elected that convention, that no human
I being can question the legality of that vote, and
J that the convention formed a constitution and sub-
, nutted one clause ofit to the people, and the clause
; which they submitted was adopted by a majority
I of legal votes. Suppose it was true, as alleged
| by some gentlemen, the honorable Senator from
: Kentucky, and others, that somebody voted for
| John C. Fremont, and somebody voted for Ste-
! phen A. Douglas—that does not vitiate the eiec-
! tion. It may be, doubtless it was, the enemy who
j did these things. The question is, though there
. may be a thousand fraudulent votes, if it was a
i fair election, on which side was the greater num-
j ber of votes? That is the test every where. It is
I the test at a constable's election. It is the test at
a State election. Itis the test at a presidential elec-
tion. It is the test at all elections, and every hon-
est man knows it. I say, then, this being a legal
election, the question being submitted to the peo-
ple according to law, a majority of the legal voters
who voted have affirmed this constitution, and
therefore a majority of the people of Kansas, by
their will constitutionally expressed, have main-
tained the Lecompton constitution, and all other
statements are unfounded in fact, and against the
proof of the case.
But we are told that thev had another election
on the 4th of January, and the Senator from Illi-
nois relies upon it. That Senator is terribly ex-
ercised at the idea of interfering with the consti-
tution by an expression of opinion, even saying
that it is a good one, even expressing the slightest
idea of what it means; and yet, he says that a Legis-
lature may order an election upon a constitution
made by the representatives tff the sovereign peo-
ple and not submitted to them. Why, he asks,
is not that election regarded? Let me ask why
could the Legislature call a convention? Because
Congress gave them all the powers it had, and
among them was the powers to call a convention.
When Congress passes an enabling act, and un-
der it the people call a convention, and the con-
vention forms a constitution without submitting
it to the people, can Congress submit it? I put
that question to the honorable Senator. He has
declined to affirm it. He has declined to declare
the necessity of such submission. I say they can-
not submit it because Congress cannot decide for
the sovereign people of a State or a Territory seek-
ing admission into this Union. The argument is
very aptly put, very speciously put in this way:
if the Territorial Legislature can call a convention
cannot they submit its constitution ? I say, no;
clearly not. It is an ignorance of all principle to
assertit. The Legislature derived their power from
Congress; it is limited by their chartcr. To call
a convention is within it; but to control the peo-
ple in their sovereignty is neither within the pow-
er of the principal nor of the agent, and that is
the whole reason. The action of the Legislature
calling for a vote on the 4th of January, was there-
fore, a nullity. As I remarked the other day, the
constitution of my own State was never submit-
ted to a popular vote. The Legislature called the
convention that formed it. Can the Legislature
submit it to a popular vote to-morrow? We have
lived under it for sixty years, all unconscious that
it did not express the will of the people, all un-
conscious that we were slaves, all unconscious
that we did not have republican institutions. If
the Senator would go down there and wake our
people up to it, and tell the Legislature to submit
the constitution, it is likely that we might be
caught without any government at all, for there
are objections to it. The Legislature may invoke
their master, the sovereign power, through the
forms of law, and when it is invoked it is their
master. They may call spirits from the vasty
deep, but they cannot put them down. Itis be-
yond their power and that is the whole question.
The Senaiorsays Congress cannot even express
an opinion, but he would have us to send it back
because he would have the Territorial Legislature
submit it, to see whether it is the will of the peo-
ple. I say there is but one way of ascertaining
whether it is the will of the people, and that is
according to law. 'If the convention was legal, it
was their province to submit it, and when they
have submitted it, it is conclusive until it is re-
voked by the same high sovereign authority.
Neither Congress, nor the Territorial Legislature,
nor the State Legislature in the case of a State,
can interfere in any way with the sovereign pow-
ers of the people. 1 say it is the will of the people;
a majority of the people. If rebels would not
vote, I think it would have been wise in the people
of Kansas to have expelled those persons; to have
disfranchised them. We disfranchised those who
stood loyal to the Crown during our Revolution;
we refused to allow them to participate in our
governments, and we have the same right to ex-
clude rebels to our own institutions; and if the
people of Kansas had chosen to do it, their ex-
clusion would have been perfectly just, and I
should have been ready to maintain it; but instead
of that they were generous, more tRan just. They
said u come and vote; we represent a legal author-
