1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for compensation for judicial services performed
by her husband while holding that office, from
August 14, lS48,"to October 26, 18.V2, under the
act of Congress entitled " An act to carry into
effect certain provisions in the treaties between
the United States and China and the Ottoman
Porte, giving certain judicial powers to ministers
and consuls' of the United States in those coun-
tries," approved August 11, 1848, at the rate of
$1,000 per annum.
Mr. HALE. If there is a report in that case,
let it be read.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Foot, from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
from which it appears that the late Daniel S.
McCauley was, nn the ] 4th day of August, 1848,
appointed consul-general of the United States at
Alexandria, in Egypt, a port belonging to and
within the territorial limits of the Turkish Em-
pire; that he continued to hold that office and per-
form its d uties up to the time of his death, on the
2(ith of October, 1852; and that, as consul-general
of the United States at that port, certain judicial
duties were devolved upon him by act of Con-
gress. In reply to a letter of inquiry, addressed
to him by the committee, the Secretary of State,
under date of February 2, 1858, says that Mr.
McCauley was consul during the period claimed, j
and that he performed judicial servicesin thatea- ;
pacity; but whether services of that kind entitled
the minister or consuls of the United States in the
Turkish dominions to extra compensation, has
always been deemed questionable by the Depart-
ment. From an examination of the several pro-
visions of the act, the committee think that the '
same class of duties and responsibilities are alike
devolved upon the diplomatic and consular asrents
of both China and Tin key; and, in their opinion,
it would seem to be but reasonable to suppose that
Congress intended to allow the same measure ot
compensation to each.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to oppose the bill
because 1 know it is rather ungracious; but if
there is anything that is a naked question of law
and ought to go to the Court of Claims, this is it.
It is a consti uction of law whether consuls in
Turkey aie entitled to this money or not.
The bill was reported to the ."Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
civil appropriation bill.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 200) making
appiopriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1859
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Special
order is ttie bill (S. No. 25) to grant to any per-
son who is the head of a family, and a citizen of
the United States, a homestead of one hundred
and sixty acres of land out of the pubiicdomain,
upon the condition of occupancy and cultivation
of the same for the period herein specified.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 wish to call
attention to the second section before we proceed
further. Yesterday the woids, " for the term of
five years," were inserted on motion of the Sen-
ator" from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer ] They
should come in line twenty after the word " land,"
instead of where they were putrn on his motion;
so as to read: " continued to reside upon and cul-
tivate said land for the term of live years."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That alteration
■will be made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 wish to make
a suggestion to the Senate. If there is a dispo-
sition to act upon this bill soon, I am willing to
have tile time indicated when the vote shall be
taken, before I proceed to say anything myself; .
and, after doing that, if others desire to speak, I ;
am willing that they shall consume my portion of \
time in speaking. 1 am anxious that other busi-
ness should not= be delayed, and that there shall ;
be action on this bill. If it is the pleasure of the :
Senate to indicate any particular time to take the
vote on it, we can shape our course accordingly.
f'4 Gro on !"]
Mr. KING-. Go on, and take the vote as soon
&s we can: that,is the better Way. ^ _
aMt. JOLiXSOXjOt Tennessee, IMietin'-mcmate
' proposition before the Senate is an amendment of-
i fered by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
i Clinoman,] which provides that there shall be a
; land warrant issued to each head of a family,
by the Secretary of the Interior, and distributed
among those who do not emigrate to the public
domairf and take possession of and cultivate the !
land for the term of years specified in the bill. I
have something to sa'y in reference to that amend-
ment, but I will not say it in this connection. I
will take it up in its order. I propose, in the first
place, toexplain briefly the provisions of the bill.
The first section provides for granting one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land to every head of a
' family who will emigrate to any of the pubiicdo-
main and settle uppn it, and cultivate it for a term
of five years. Upon those facts being made known
to the register of the land office, he is to be en-
titled to obtain a patent. The second section pro-
vides that he shall makean affidavit, and show to
the satisfaction of the officer that his entry is made
in good faith, and that his intention is to cultivate
the soil and bccome an actual settler. The sixth
scction of the bill provides that any person who
is now an inhabitant of the United States, but not
a citizen, if he makes application, and in the
course of five years becomes a citizen ot the Uni-
ted States, shall be placed on a footing of equality
with the native-born citizens of the country in this
rcspcct. The third section provides that those
entries shall be confined to land that has been in
market, and subjected to private entry; and that
the person entering the land shall be confined to
each alternate section.
These are substantially the leading provisions
of this bill. It does not proceed upon the idea,
as some suppose, of making a donation or gift ot
the public land 10 the settler. It proceeds upon
the punciple of consideration, and, as I conceive,
and I think many others do, the individual who
: emigrates to the "West, and reclaims and reduces
! to cultivation one hundred and sixty acres of the
: public domain, subjecting himself to all the prt-
j vations and hardships of such a life, pays the
i highest consideration for his land.
! But, before I say more on this portion of the
I subject, 1 desire to premise a little by giving the
j history of this homestead proposition. Some per-
! sons from my own region of the country, or, in
| other words, from the South, have thrown out j
i the intimation that this is a proposition which
] partakes, to some extent, of the nature of the Em-
I igrant Aid Society, and is to operate injuriously
to the sou them States. For the purpose ot making
| the starting point right, I want to go back and
| show when this proposition was first introduced
! into the Congressof the United States. 1 am not
so sure but that the Presiding Officer [Mr. Foot
j in the chair] remembers well the history of this
i measure.
j In 1846, on the 27th day of March, Ions: before
i we had any emigiant aid societies, Ions before we
j had any compromises in 1850 in reference to the
■I slavery question, long before we had any agita-
1, tion on the subject of slavery in 1854, long before
I! we had any agitation upon it in 185S, this prop-
Si osition made its advent into the House of Repre-
sentative*. It met wim considerable opposition, j
II It scarcely received senous consideration for a I
| length of time; but the nvasure was pressed until |
M the public mind took hold ol it; and it was still
pressed until the l'2ih day of May, l&W, when it i
passed that body by a two-third vote. Thus we
j' see that us origin and its consummation, so fir as
:! the House of Representatives was concerned, had
ij nothing to do with North or South, but it was
'■ proceeding upon that great principle which inter-
j! ests every man in this country,and which, in the
>i end, secures and provides for him a home. By
!j putting these dates together it will be perceived
'! that it was just six years fivg months and fifteen
' days from the introduction of this bill until its
I passage by the Hou^-e of Representatives.
:I 1 shall not detain the SenatP by any lengthy re-
—tar ye are strangers and sojourners with me."—Leciticu$,
chapter xxv., verse 23. , , r-
We begin, then, with M*ose&. The next wnt6ir
to whom I will call ihe attention of the „Seeate_
Vattel—one of the ablest, if not the ablest, -writer
upon the laws of nations. He lays down this
great principle, (book 1, chapter 7:)
" Of all the arts, ullage or agriculture is the most useful
and necessary, It is the mirMRg father of the^ State. The
cultivation of the cartli causes it to produce an infinite in-
crease ; u forms tlie surest resource, and the most solid fund
ot rich commerce for the people who enjoy a-happyfcii-
mate.
" This affair, then, deserves the utmost attention from
Government. The sovereign ought to neglect no iinrmisof
rendenng the land under his obedience as well cultivated
as possible. He ought not to allow either communities or
private persons to acquire la'ge tracts of land to le&ve un-
cultivated. These rights ot common, winch deprive the
proprietor of the free liberty of disposing &t ins lands—that
will not allow him to farm them, nnd caiu-ethem to be cul-
tivated in the mo t advantageous manner—these rights, I
say, are contrary to the welfare of the State, and ought to
be suppressed or reduced to a just bound. Thepioperty in-
troduced among the citizens does not prevent the nation's
having a right to take the most effectual measures to cause
the- whole country to produce the greatest and most advan-
tageous revenue possible.
'•The Government ought carefully to avoid everything
capable ot discouraging husbandmen, or of dwelling them
fiom the labors, ol agnculture. Tho- e taxes, those excess-
ive and ill pioportioned impositions, the burden of which
falls almost entueiy upon the cultivators,and the vexatious
th"y sutler from the commissioners who levy tiiein, tafee
tioiu the unhappy peasant the means of cultivating the earth,
and depopulate the country. Spam is the most fertile, and
the wor.-t cultivated country in JBuropp. The Church pos-
sesses too much land, and the undertaken of royal frioga-
ztnes, who are authorized to purchase at low prices all Che
coin they rind in possession oi a peasant,above what is ne-
cessary tin the subM-tenoe ot hi-> wite and family, so greatly
discourage the husbandman, that he sow.- no more corn than
is necOfsary tor the Mippouot hi^own hou-eiiold. Whence
auses tiie greater scarcity in a country capable of teediug
its neijrhbois.
" Another abuse mjuuous to agriculture is, the contempt
cast upon husbandmen. The inhabitant?, of cities, even tire
most aeivile arti.-u.and the most lazy citizen, consider him
who cultivates the soil with a di.-daiuful eve; they wimble
and doomage him ; they daie to de-pise a profession that
feed> the human race—the natural employment of rami. A
stay-makei places tar beneath him the beloved employment
of the fir-t consuls and dictators offtome.
" China has wi-ety prevented tins abu<e. Agriculture is
there held in honm; and to pre-erve this happy manner of
thinking, every year, on a solemn day, the Emperor himself,
followed by ihe whole court, sets Ins hands to the plow and
j-ow's a small piece ot land. Hence China is the be t culti-
vated country m ihe wot Id. It nounshes an inuumeiable
I multitude oi people that at fir-,t appears to the uavelei too
1 gieat tor the space they possess.
"The cultivation of the soil ih not only to be recom-
mended by the Government on account of the extraordinary
advantages that flow liom it, but fiom it- being an obliga-
tion imposed by naiute on mankind. The whole eauh is
appointed tor the nourishment of its inhabitants, but it
would be incapable or doing it was it uncultivated. Every
nation is then obliged by a law of nature to cultivate the
g'ouml that has fallen to inquire, and it has no right to ex-
pect or roquue as-i^tance from others, any further than the
land in its possession is incapable of lutmshing jtwith ue-
eessarn*. Those people, like the ancient Germans and
mmWrn Tartais, who, having fertile countries, dis-daia to
cultivate the earth, and rather choose to live by urpme, are
wanting to tnem^elves, and deserve to be exterminated as
savage and lapaciou* beasts. There are others who avoid
agrn
.that would only live bv huritmg and flocks. This
....Jit doubtle>s be allowed in tbe fn-tages of the woild,
when the earth produced uwre than was sufficient to teed
us few inhabitant-*; but at piescnt, when the human rac«  w
so greatly multmlied, it would not sub-a-t it all nations re-
solved to live in this manner. Those who still retain this
idle hie, Ua.nip moic e\ten-ivc tenuoiies than they would
have occasion lor weie they to use honest labor, and have,
th"retiMe. no rea-on to complain if other nations, more la-
onnou-i and too clo-ely confuted, come to po«s e>& a part.
Thus, though the eonq>u* i ot ths civilised empires ot Peru
and M \\ieo was a notor ous iisuipation, the establishment
ol many colonies in Noith America may, on their confining
' themselves within ju>t bounds, be extremely Jawhil. J-he
' people ot those vast countries rather overran than inhabited
i them *'
1 1 propose next to cite the authority of Genera
1 Jackson, who svas believed to be not only a friend
1 to the South, but a friend to the Union.
! cuicuted this great doctrine in his message of 1832:
i '• It cannot be doubted thatthe speedysettlememoffno^e
' land- continue the true interests of the Republic, me
i wealth and stiength oi a country are its population., ana tne
' best part of the population are cultivators ot the sou. lm e-
: pendent laimeis are everywhere the basis of^society, and
' the true friends ot liberty." * *
c It seems tome to be oui tme policy that the pujlic lands
marks on the general principles of the bill; for I '"coaso, as soon as practicable, to be a sowee of ruve-
do not intend to be proiix, or to consume much j nUe; and that they be sold tn
of the Senate's time. What is the origin of the
"•teat idea of a homestead of land ? We find, on
turning to the first law-writer—and I think one
of the*best, for we are informed that he wrote by
inspiration—that he advances the first idea on this
subjcct. Moses made use of the following lan-
gua^e:
shall nbtfty sold'forever; for the l&atf is-sitoe
prices b'arelv sufficient to reimburse the United the
e\pen&e ot tne present system, and the^ cost^ari.-mg t™:yi
oar Indian contracts.5' * * * ,
• • It i-5 d. -liable, however, that the right of the ^oj], and
the futme dispoMtion of it, be surrendeial to the States, ie-
Mjecnvely tn whichit lies.
••'The advemtirou-i and hardy population ot the VvP-t,
bosidf* contributing their equal >haic ot taxation undei the
import svsteeii m tbe pin.« or our Govtrjjnmejit,
for the lands tiu-y occupy, paid in<o tha iVeassnry a large pro-
