1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order to move to lay
the substitute on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HUGHES. I make that motion.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I move to
lay both resolutions on the table.
The SPEAKER. That is the effect of the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana. If the sub-
stitute be laid on the table, it carries the original
resolution with it.
The House refused to lay the substitute on the
table; there being on a division—ayes 57, noes 87.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
substitute; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Stephens's res-
olution
Mr. COBB called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ah!, Anderson, An-
drews, Atkins, Avery, Baiksdale, Bennett, Bishop, Blair,
Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Brayton, Bryan, Bufnuton, Burlm-
game, Burnett, Burns, Campbell, Case, Chalice, dawson,
Clay, Clemens, John Cochrane, Cockenll, Colfax, Comiris,
Coming, Covocle, Cragin, Jainos Craig, Curry, Curtis, Da-
vidson, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dewart, Dodd, Oowdell, Edie, English, Florence, Foley,
Garueti, Gartreli, Giddmgs, Gtlhs, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooeh,
Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robmt B.
Hall, Hatch, Hill, Horton, Hughes, Jackson, Jewett, George
W. Jones, J. Glaacy Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Lamar,
Landy, Lawrence,"Leidy, f.eiter, Maelay, Samuel Mar-
shall, Mason, Maynard, Miller, Million, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill. Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Nib-
Jack, Nichols, Puttu, Peyton, Phillips, Pike, i'urviance,
Quitman, Ready, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts, Itoyce, Savage,
Scajos, Scott, Scaring, Seward, Aaron Shaw, IleniyM.
Shaw, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Stallwoi tli, Stephen:-, Tappan, George Taylor, Tlionip*on,
Underwood, Walbitdgo, W'.ildron, VVaid, Watkms>, White,
Wood, Woodson, Jolin V. Wnght, and Zollieofler—19,r>.
NAVS—Messrs. BillmghuM, Bingham, Bliss, Bonham,
Branch, fi/.raClark, Hoiaoe F.Clark, John H. Clark,Clmg-
man, Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Daimell, l>,ivis of Mdiyland,
Davisoflmhana, Dean,Purlee,Edimmdson, Kustis, F.irns-
worth, Foster, Goode, Greenwood, Harlan, J. Moiri--on
Harris, HuMvin, Hickman, Floatd, Hopkins, Houston, How-
ard, Jenkins, John Kunkel, Leach, Letcher, [,ovo|oy,
McQueen, Miles, Montgomery, Isaac N. Morns, Mott, Ohn,
Parker, Potter, Pottle, Powell, Reagan, Ricaud, Ruliin,
Ru^cll, ^andidge. Singleton, Spinm-i, fc?tunton, ritcveiwm,
James A. Stewatt, Talbot, Mih"> Tayloi, Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Wade, Walton, Warren, Ellihu B Wa-shlnime, Wins-
low, Wortemiyke, and Augustus R. Wright—G?.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the preamble.
Mr STANTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Georgia that there may be a difficulty
in this matter, as there is now no marshal of the
District.
Mr. STEP! TEN'S, of Georgia. I would say to
the gentleman that the Sergeant-at-Arms will of
course deiivertbe witness to nobody but the mar-
shal.
Mr. LETCIIEIl. We!l,thete is no maishal
to deliver him to.
Mr. STEP 11 ENS, of Georgia. Well, the nom-
ination of marshal is before the Senate, and I
suppose they will reject or ailirm it. That is not
our business.
The question was taken on the preamble; and
it was agreed to.
ORSAMUS B. MATTESON.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. The special committee to which was re-
ferred the resolution arreting the right of the
genrhman from New Yoik [Air. Ma r tlson*] to i
hold his «i at, has directed nie to report. 1 desire
to prtsent that report now, together with a state- i
ment made by the gentleman from New Yoilc; i
and I understand there will be also a minority ;
report pi exulted. 1 ask to have all these papers i
printed, and to hove the mutter made a special
order for some day in the future — say next ;
Wednesday or Friday. j
Several AIkmcers. Say Saturday. |
Mr GROW. Is it understood that the papers !
which accompany the report will be printed? >
The SPEAKER. Yes; and the views of the j
minority. i
Mr GHOW. There is no minority report. !
The SPKAKER The Chair is informed by !
the gentleman from Georgia tliat there is 1
Mr. CURTIS. I submit the views of the mi-
nority.
The report and accompanying papers were or-
dered to be printed, and the subj ect was postponed
till Saturday next.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If agreeable to
the House, I will now move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Gar.nett] has
the floor; and I understand that the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Bishop] has to leave town this
evening, and is anxious to speak before he leaves.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 306, to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priation for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of .Tune, 1858, upon which Mr. Garnett
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARNETT. I am well aware, Mr. Chair-
man, that to address the House on the Kansas
question at this period of the debate is
(i as a Hvieo-told tale,
Vexing the dull ear of a drowsy man."
And yet, sir, I am constrained by the importance
of the question to give utterance to my earnest
convictions of the consequences involved in the
true issue presented for our decision. To recog-
nize the existence of a new sovereignty amongst
the Powers and principalities of earth, and to ad-
mit it as one of the allied members of the Federal
Union, is always a momentous act. Yet, so ac-
customed are we to the noble spectacle of the birth
of another republic, and its addition to our system,
that we usually pass it by almost unnoticed. It
excites no more emotion than the announcement,
year by year, from the astronomers, that a new
planet or asteroid has been found wheeling in its
appointed course through the heavens, according
to the same laws that govern and guide the elder
luminaries. Even at this time, three new States,
crowned with the emblems of soveieignty, appear
at our door, and demand seats at ourcouncil-board
—Minnesota and Oregon and Kansas. The Ro-
man general boasted that he had but to stamp on
the ground, and armed legions would spring up
at his command. With greater truth might we
say, that the footstep of the American pioneer is
no sooner heard upon the wilderness, than a sov-
ereign republic springs into beingaround him; and
he erects empires to mark the successive stages of
his dauntless march.
One republic on the headwaters of the Missis-
sippi, and another on the shores of the Pacific,
ask admission, and no word of objection has been
heard from any quarter. Why, sir, is Kansas
alone singled out for opposition? Disguise it as
you may, gentlemen; deceive yourselves, or de-
ceive othei.s, with specious pretexts and techni-
calities; there can be but one answer fiom any
straight forward, plain-minded, disinterested man
—the true reason of opposition to the admission of
Kansas is, that bet constitution recognizes Afri-
can slavery, while the constitutions of the other
two new States prohibit it. The existence and
recognition of slavery in Kansas is the very core
of your opposition: this alone supports and gives
it vitality. Gentleman may talk about irregular-
ities as much as they please; they may tell me
that tlie}- object to Kansas because there was no
enabling act—I demand of them, why do they not
object to Oregon1' What enabling act does she
come under' Why have they not objected to the
many Stales that have heretofoie been admitted
into the Union without enabling acts3
I grant that the regular course is for Congress !
to withdraw t'ie Federal jurisdiction, so as to on- !
able the people of the Territory to foim a State
government; but such a procedure—commonly i
called an enabling act—is not always pm sued, nor
is itossential; for Congress is competent to waive \
the objection, as it has frequently done. Itisim- 1
material for the argument whether the Nebraska- ;
Kansas bill was a"n enabling act or not, m the
present case. That bill organized a government
in Kansas, with ah xiuhtful powt is of legis) -tion
not inconsistent with the Constitution of the dm- :
ted States. The validity of that government. and i
of its acts, lias been recognized in e^ery possible ;
way. A Delegate, elected under its authority, t
by one party and then by the other, has been
mitted on this floor. The obligation of contr.. ,
the tenure of property, the protection of life u I
limb, the sanctity of marriage, all depend for tie
guarantees and remedies upon the authority of
this government. In every act of daily life, Dem-
ocrats and Black Republicans alike have recog-
nized this government as the only government :le
facto now existing in Kansas, or that has exis  d
there since 1854.
Well, sir, the people of Kansas, acting in ms
only way a people can act, as a political commu-
nity, through the forms and by the voice of the
actually organized and recognized governmei i,
called a convention to make a State constitution.
That convention was elected; it met, made end
adopted a constitution; and, then, in reference to
one article, submitted an alternative propositi- n
to the popular vote. Could any procedure be
more regular ? Its result comes here as the act and
deed of the people of Kansas, speaking through
the only political organism by which they are a
people at all, and acting by authority of the Gov-
ernment de facto, the only Government known to
them at the time. Governor Walker and Mr.
Stanton, themselves, the new lights of the Black
Republican party, admitted that all was fair and
legitimate up to the meeting of that body. But
then you object that the convention did not sub-
mit the constitution to a popular vote, which you
contend was necessary to its validity, and you
bring up all kinds of loose, outside evidence to
show that a majority ofthe inhabitants are against
it. If so, why did they not say so at the polls?
Whydid they elect a Legislature that called a con-
vention ? Wny, when that Legislature had pos-
itively refused to insert in the act that called it a
provision requiring the constitution to be submit-
ted to a popular vote, why, then, did they not
reject that act at the polls? It was submitted to
their vote; they had the opportunity to reject it;
but fully knowing that it contained no limitation
on the powers of the convention, they yet ap-
proved it. Why, next, did they not elect such a
convention as would submit the constitution to
the popular vote? Sir, they had every opportu-
nity, and they neglected to use them, either be-
cause they really were in a minority, or because
they belonged to the factious party which was
in open rebellion against our laws, and which de-
sired to perpetuate the agitation and anarchy on
which they throve. In neither light are they
entitled to any consideration at our hands. We
cannot listen to those who refuse to take their
lawful part as citizens, and still less to men who
come in rebellion—Beecher rifles in their hands,
and treason and murder in their hearts. We can
only know the will of a people, that is, of a bod v-
pohtic, by Lts lawful acts. Lawful and ordoay
government is at an end if we depart from legi 1-
mate forms of ascertaining the sense of the peo-
j pie, and those forms give every facility to the
citizen to exercise his just share of influence.
Depart from them, and you have the rule of the
mob, not of the people.
But I am told that one of these forms, estab-
lished by a natural right—by a sort of higherlaw
—is, that the constitution shall be submitted to
° the popular vote, and ratified by the numerical
majority, and this, even when the people have re-
fused thus to l-mif the power of the convention.
I deny it. Sir, the sovereign people may a< f,
when they choose, in their highest political ca-
pacity, througha convention; and Ideny that they
aie hound t bus to i estnet their own authority. On
whatgionnds do gentlemen base such an assump-
tion ? Sur. 1 y not on precedent, for that is decid-
edly against them. Many of the present State
cons'itetiuns, «-.nd all ofthe Old Thnteen—those
standards of republican government, and practice
—never were submitted to a popular vote. The
Federal Constitution itself, which, to the extent
of its powers, is the conslitution of each se\eral
State, was never submitted to a popular vote; it
was adopted and ratified by the people of each sev-
eral State, acting through a convention. As the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Montgom-
ery] said, the other day, quoting from Webs *-r:
" When tatifeod bv the people, then it had a voice, a id
sp;>k< authentically "lOveij w <>td ui it had iceetved the e-
tioij of the popular will, and was to be ivc^ivgci a^> the ev-
pi-:^ion of thai u ill.3'
Thus his own authority identified the people
