204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Green.
Senate.
does not control her constitution. I but declare
what she has said. If you declare that, it will
take all the wind out of the sails of the gentlemen
who want to assail you with cramming constitu-
tions down other people's throats. That is all
there is in the argument; and ft very poor one at
that. These are the character of objections to the
amendment of my honorable friend from Ohio,
not now in his seat, [Mr. Pugh.] You are espe-
cially warned against that. Why ? What does
the honorable gentleman from Illinois care for that
amendment? Does itinterfere with political rights?
Does it interfere with any great fundamental prin-
ciple? Does it interfere with slavery ? I hope he
will dismiss his care of slavery from his mind. I
have already told him that we would prefer our-
selves to pick its friends. The honorable Senator
Bays he cannot inquire into that; and I believe
other Senators, while denying, with him, the
right to inquire into this constitution, reserving
sacredly even an expression of opinion, say Kan-
,sas ought not to be admitted under the Lecomp-
ton constitution; because four years ago there
was a Missouri invasion; because, after the con-
stitution was adopted, there was fraud in an elec-
tion at Kickapoo. or at Delaware Crossing. The
Senator to-night speaks feelingly, eloquently; he
rolls the sweet morsel under his tongue that there
were frauds at the State election,and that, there-
fore, we must reject the Lecompton constitution.
I will not answer these arguments to Senators. I
know they are worthless, except to those who
seek a pretext; those who want a reason for com-
prehending it from beginning to end. We have
already said this Congress has not a right to de-
cide it. If there be any allegation as to fraud in
the election of members of the other House, that
body is the proper tribunal to decide it; if there
be any such allegation as to the election of a mem-
ber of this body, the Senate is the tribunal to de-
termine it; if there be any allegation of fraud as
to the election of members of the State Legisla-
ture, it will be for them, when they meet, to decide
it. He seems to regret—it is a sore place to him
—that Mr. Calhoun, in whom this constitution
intrusted the power, I believe, in conformity with
the precedent of Maine, as president of the con-
vention, to declare the result of the election—he
is alarmed at the ideaihat he has declared it fairly;
that lie has disregarded fraudulent returns, and
gave an honestone. The greatcomplaintagainst
the "regent"—this man Calhoun—is, that he has
performed his trust with fidelity and honor; that
he has rejected fraudulent returns, and declares
the men elected who got the fair votes. That is
the Black Republican report; I regret to hear it
complained of by the Senator. It shows to what
" uses we may come at last."
Sir, we have nothing to do with these frauds. I
have not gone into them. I might have shown
you—the evidence is abundant—that, in the strife
which has existed in this Territory for the last
four years, fraud and violence, robbery and mur-
der, have been the usual concomitants of society.
I seek to terminate this strife. What great in-
jury do I propose to inflict by admitting Kansas,
and, as gentlemen say, cramming this constitution
down the throats of her people? Why, sir, as the
case was happily put the other day my friend from
Louisiana, by this act we unfetter their hands; we
untie the cords that bind them; we make them one
of the free, sovereign, and independent States of
the American Union, to make constitutions and
laws at their own pleasure; to right their own
wrongs, and to redress their own grievances. This
i3 the enormous outrage upon which the Repub-
lican members, with their Democratic and Amer-
ican allies, are endeavoring to rouse this great peo-
ple. Mr. President, they will be mistaken. I have
an abiding faith, f have t lie confidence of a life now
passing beyond its meridian, that after all, in the
great body of the American people, there is wis-
dom enough, judgment enough, honesty enough
to protect themselves against false friends and
against open enemies; to preserve the liberty won
by their fathers, and to transmit it to the latest
posterity which may come after.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President  
Mr. KING. If the Senator will allow me, I
wish to give one piece of information to the gen-
tleman from Georgia. I was very glad to hear the
Senator from Georgia disavow the doctrine put
forth in the Union of the 17 th of November; but the
Senator from Georgia must remember that there
are three departments of the Government, the ex-
ecutive, the legislative, and the judicial. The
Union may regard itself the organ of all three;
and I suppose that it is through the judiciary
that that doctrine is intended to be fastened on
this country. If the Senator from Georgia has
not heard of any pretension to that doenne any-
where, I can inform him that the State of Vir-
ginia is now litigating in the courts the right of
one of her citizens to hold slaves in the State of
NewYork, the Lemmon case,well known through
the country.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a great mistake in the
way you state it.
Mr. POLK. If it meets the views of my col-
league, who has the right to the floor to close the
debate, I will move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator'withdraw
the motion for a moment? We should, in the first
place, I think, move an amended hour for meet-
ing. I suppose the order that was made yester-
day to meet at ten o'clock will remain, unless we
change it.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Chair under-
stands that vote to have been to meet at ten o'clock
to-day. The Chair understood it to apply to to-
day only.
Mr. STUART. If so, I have no objection; but
I wish to say one word m response to what has
just fallen from the Senator from Georgia, and
but a word. I acknowledge the rightof any and
every Senatoron this floor to express his opinions
in any language that seems meet to him; but when
a Senator arraigns me, and arraigns his associates
on this floor, then I submit that he goes beyond
his right. I deny his power, and I do not respect
the terms in which he does it.
Sir, if the Senator from Georgia claims to be
the model Senator, for arrogance of declamation,
haughtiness of manner, disrespect to his com-
peers, I yield it to him. He has won the laurels
to-night, and is at liberty to wear them. But, sir,
there is an old adage, that men only resort to per-
sonalities when borne down by arguments that
they cannot answer. To call Senators " hypo-
crites," to charge that they utter as facts here
tilings that they know to be untrue, to say that
tliey are the " facile instruments " of rebels in
Kansas, is what may be said in a bar-room with
less intelligence and no want of bravery. Sir, it
will never do in the Senate. The argument of
the Senator can be answered. His declamations
and disrespectful terms must be protested against.
This I do for myself without personal feeling,
without personal animosity, but in the plain ex-
ercise of those rights and privileges that belong
to me as a Senatorupon this floor, in virtue of the
Constitution of the United States and the equality
of the States themselves.
This, sir, maintaining my position, expressing
my stern remonstrance against that sort of disre-
spectful expression, accomplishes all I desire to
express to-night.
Mr. TOOMBS. A single word to the honora-
ble Senator. I hope the Senator will go home, go
to bed, and go to sleep; and I hope he will feel
better in the morning. If he should not, I shall
be glad to hear from him when he gets np.
Mr. STUART. Thank you, sir. Thatisnot
the kind of language. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
Tuesday, March 23, 1858.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of tin; bill (S. No. 161) for the admission of
! the, State of Kansas into the Union.
| Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, the Committee
on Territories examined the subject that was sub-
mitted to them, having before them the constitu-
tion of the State of Kansas and all the facts con-
nected with its formation. The result of that ex-
amination has been reported to the Senate and the
country. The majority of the committee deemed
it proper to select me to make that presentation to
the Senate. In consequence of that fact, it now
devolves upon me to review the arguments that
have been presented against that report, and
against the positions of the friends of this meas-
ure, and to reply to them as briefly as I well can.
I need not undertake to magnify the importance
of this subject. I could not do so. It extends in
its effects and consequences to the vital interests
of the Republic. Nothing could strike a more fatal
blow at what ought to be the permanent interests
of all sections of the Union, than the improper
decision of the subject now under consideration.
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
with a flourish of trumpets unusual with him,
said that the friends of the Kansas measure had
been driven from all their positions. With due
deference to him, I must be permitted to remaik
thctt I am not conscious of any friend of this bill
being driven from its support; or of any position
taken in the report of the committee being sur-
rendered or abandoned; nor am I conscious of
any successful answer to any single position taken
in that report. If we have been driven from any
one, I would like to have that one pointed out.
General charges, geheral assertions, and general
allegations, will not do for the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. They will not do for a court of justice
of the lowest grade. They will not even do upon
the stump, or at the hustings. We must come
to specific facts—to the true questions that have
to be decided; and not undertake to prejudice the
one side or the other by making broad, general,
unsupported assertions.
So it is with the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas.] He says that the principle of the
Kansas bill was, that the people should be left
perfectly free to decide all domestic questions for
themselves in their own way; and then assumes
that such freedom of action has not been accorded
to them. As I have previously remarked, before
we can arrive at a safe and just conclusion, we
must take all material facts and trace them up in
their proper connection; and if, in such connec-
tion, we cannot agree in the deductions or in the
conclusions, that variance in opinion will be an
honorable difference between honorable Senators.
For my part, I see no cause and have heard no
reason to justify a sound logician in changing
one single position. The principles upon which
the report is based remain unshaken. But one
single point of the report was called in question
by the Senator from Illinois. What point in it
was even controverted by the Senator from Mich-
igan? What principle enunciated in it lias been
called in question by anySonator on the opposite
side ?
It is true, exception was taken by the honorable
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] to the
language. He said there were harsh expressions
in it; that the Opposition party in Kansas were
characterized as " rebels," as " contumacious;"
as standing in a position of hostility to the Gov-
ernment. It does so characterize them; and, if
the facts presented in that report will not justify
the accusations, it is a duty to take them back.
Each single charge, with regard to the character
of the Opposition in Kansas, is sustained by offi-
cial evidence presented m the report, from which
there is, and can be, no escape. If the honorable
Senator supposes it unparliamentary or indeco-
rous to make specific charges, upon evidence pre-
sented, in a State paper, to remain permanently
upon the records of the country, I remark that
the speech of his colleague from the same State
of Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] which also becomes a
E art of the parliamentary history of this country,
as more of abuse, more of denunciation, more
of harsh epithet, than can be found in any speech,
or in any paper, presented on the subject fiom
this side of the Chamber. With what propriety,
therefore, shall one representative of a State coin-
plain of the expressions of opponents, whilst tol-
erating, in his colleague, the use of language so
extraordinarily,harsh as to have taken the whole
Senate by surprise ?
I say, further, that that was the only exception
taken by the honorable Senator to the report.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
desired an explanation in regard to one expres-
sion in it; which explanation was at once given,
and is borne out by the context in the report, and
leaves no possible chance for misconstruction.
With what justice, therefore, shall we be taunted
with having been driven to the wall; with having
been driven from our position; with having been
vanquished in all the debate and in all the inves-
