1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. BRIGHT. I will adopt the suggestion of
theSenatorfromDelaware; and the shortest mode
of doing it, will be to except the four committees
referred to in the original resolution—the Com-
mittee tO'Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate, and the Committees on
Enrolled Bills, on Engrossed Bills, and on the
Library.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The closing feature
of the amendment which constitutes the clerks
agents to keep the records, I think will involve
the Senate and the country in some difficulty.
There are numerous committees; and in the first
place, perhaps not one man in ten thousand will
know to whom or where to apply for information
if he wants any, in the recess of Congressin con-
nection with the custody of those records. But
I can imagine, and I venture to say many Sen*
ators can imagine, many things that might re-
sult injuriously to the public service. Suppose,
as is sometimes the case, that we employ a clerk
who does not pay that attention which is neces-
sary to the keeping of the records, or suppose a
clerk happens to die during the recess, leaving his
records where they are inaccessible to anybody
else; I ask the Senate what would be the conse-
quence if the numerous valuable papers, especi-
ally to the parties interested, could not be found ?
I ran imagine many other cases where serious
difficulty might grow out of the fact of constitu-
ting them the keepers of the records and papers
of the various committees.
I will suggest to the Senator from Indiana that
it would perhaps be safer to require the records
to be kept as heretofore, giving the committee
clerks at all times access to them. Then we should
have a head who would have the contiol, and no
difficulty could occur. Many of these papers are
essential to paities who have claims pending be-
fore Congress. Some of these clerks, as has
been remarked before, live remote from here, and
if you constitute thorn keepers of the records,
some of them will deposit them with some friend.
They will not remain here all the time, but will
necessarily be absent. I suggest to the Senate
and to the Senator from Indiana, if it would not
be safer to say that the records shall be deposited
with the Secretary of the Senate, but shall be at
all times accessible to the committee clerks. It
appears to me that would be more in accordance
with prudence and propriety. I take it for granted
that the records would be safelykept; but we can
all imagine a state of affairs where they would not
be, as owing to a providential event such as the
death of a clerk leaving no one acquainted with
the place where he deposited his records. That
difficulty might occur. It seems to me it would
be safer to deposit the records as heretofore, but
at the same time give the clerks access to them.
Mr. MASON. I have been generally opposed
to making these cleikships permanent. I think
the only exception should be the Committee on
Finance. But Senators know that we are really
harassed at every session about some adjustment
being made in reference to these clerkships. I
think we had better end it. I am willing to con-
cede my objection, and more especially as there
does seem to be a propriety when the Senate is
a continuous body that these officers should have
charge of the books, papers, &c., of the commit-
tees, and be ready to act. I submit to the Senate
that it is really a desideratum to get rid of this
branch of the public service, for we are harassed
by it at every session in various forms.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not think I could be
provoked to say another word on this question,
of which I am heartily sick; but what has just
fallen from the Senator from Virginia, I think,
makes it incumbent on me to submit a few re-
marks to the Senate.
The very evil of which he complains had be-
come so intolerable in this body, that at the last
session a special committee was raised on my
motion, which was composed of several of the
oldest and mostcxpericnced Senators of the body,
who took this whole subject into consideration,
and submitted to the Senate a report by which
the evil was nipped m the bud. Wo proposed a
standing rule of the Senate which provided for
this whole subject and which would control it in
all future time, enabling us to get rid of this con-
stant and harassing solicitation from the clerks
of our committees. It pleased the Senate to lay
a portion of that report—the purtion which re-
garded the compensation of the clerks—on the
table, and we adjourned without acting. The res-
olution now before the Senate is nothing more
than that portion of the 34th rule of the Senate,
as suggested by that special committee, which
was laid upon the table at the last session.
The Senate's special committee at that time
came unanimously to the conclusion that there
was great abuse in this matter, and as liberal a
report was brought in as its members could be in-
duced to frame. It. was considered by many mem-
bers of the-Senate too liberal.
In relation to taking care of the records and
papery of the committees, why, sir, I am aston-
ished to hear gentlemen make such suggestions.
We all know that, at the close of every session,
! all the papers in the committee rooms are returned
| to the Secretary of the Senate, who takes charge
i ofthem until the next session; and why weshould
| want a clerk in every little room about the build*
! ing, to take charge of a few bundles of papers,
i passes my comprehension. It is clear this is a
j mere pretext for making the clerks permanent.
| There is no necessity for it. This body of per-
i manent officers that is to be added to the Senate
must, in the conscience and conviction of every
; member, be known tr> be unnecessary. If the .
object is to provide for friends and dependents, J
let us say so openly; and let us pass a resolution !
to provide for the friends of the chairmen of the i
different committees of the body, by allowing !
them a permanent salary. That is the object, ancl i
must be the only object, of any such proposition, i
We have ample means to have all the work of,
the body done by competent clerks, paying them i
for their service during the session when they are j
wanted. During the vacation they are no more !
wanted here than they are wanted at the residence '■
of any Senator. They have nothing to do, and J
can have nothing whatever to do, then, with the |
exception of the two or three committees specially j
excepted by the amendment of the Senator from :
South Carolina. I
I hope we shall not do this thing. I think we !
are increasing the contingent expenses of this
body greatly too much, and it is time we should
satisfy the just expectations of the country in the
mode of conducting our business here, and not be
constantly increasing the number of our officers
and increasing their salaries, for no other pur-
pose than favoritism—certainly not for doing the
business of the Senate. It is impossible that any
member can entertain the conviction that these
officers are necessary for the business of the Sen- 1
ate. The Senator from Virginia himself, m sus- ;
taining the proposition, gives us to understand j
that he does it to get rid of importunities and /
annoyances. I am not willing to put my vote on i
any such ground as that. Let us do our duty as !
public men regardless of these petty annoyances. I
Let us give a. vote at once that will settle this j
matter on its proper footing and put an end to this j
debate that occurs at every session of the Senate, t
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Is.the question before J
the Senate on the substitute of the Senator from j
Indiana? j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on ;
the motion of the Senator from Indiana, to strike }
out all after the word "Resolved, "and insert what j
has been read. i
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I concur very much in :
the argument of the Senator from Louisiana. I j
am sure that, during the session of Congress, j
clerks to the committees are very essential, and I \
am willing to conform my vote to this belief. The j
resolution offered by the Senator from Louisiana j
embodies my views more fully than that offered I
by the Senator from Indiana. During the session
of Congress, I believe that nearly all of the com- '
mittees should be entitled to a cleik; but after we ,
leave heie and go home, do we not all know there !
are sufficient officers here to attend to public busi- |
ness? Are not our documents forwarded to us !
during the long recess? Where, then, is the neces- ji
sity for entailing on the public service the heavy ||
expense of paying permanent salaries to this class M
of officers? :j
I cannot agree with my friend from Indiana in
sustaining the proposition he has submitted. I ■!
see no earthly necessity, at the long or short ses- j!
sion, for having these permanent clerks. There ;
are two or three committees which should been- ij
titled to permanent clerks; but those are excepted 1
in the resolution of the Senator from Louisiana. 11
It is proposed here that, for nine months, when w©
have all the agents necessary to attend to the pub-
lic business and forward our documents, we shall
have fifteen or sixteen clerks; and not only that,
but we are to take from the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, during the recess, the responsibility now de-
volved upon him, and to commit to the custody
of these clerks the records of the country. . This
is an innovation which I am unwilling to make.
I am willing to vote for the resolution offered
by the Senator from Louisiana, because every one
conversant with the routine of business knows
that it is physically impossible for a large number
of us, with the vast amount of business required
at our hands during the session of Congress, to
transmit all the public documents that come to
us, and which should be scattered throughout the
country. They perform valuable and essential
service in doing that. *Those documents are pub-
lished by Congress; they are designed to be dis-
seminated throughout the country; and it is im-
posing too much labor on any Senator to require
him to attend to that,and do all the duties incident
to his station in the Senate. I am, therefore, in
favor of allowing to the respective committees, 4
contemplated by the resolution, the clerks neces-
sary; but 1 am unwilling to create salaried officers,
and more unwilling to commit to them the cus-
tody and keeping of all our records, and taking
the responsibility from the officer who has had
the custody of them since the formation of the
Government. In my opinion, it is an unsafe and
dangerous precedent.
Mr, SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on trie amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. Several Senators have antici-
pated much that I proposed to say when 1 first
rose. I only desire, now, to call the attention of
the Senate to the last clause of the amendment, as,
if I read it aright, it proposes that all memorials
and other papers, which have been referred to
committees, shall be left in the custody of the
clerks during the recess of the Senate. Is not
that the object of the amendment?
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that the amendment I offered this
morning is precisely the resolution offered by the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] since deceased,
which passed the Senate at the last Congress, but
subsequently was reconsidered and left among
the unfinished business. At that time the Senate
seemed disposed to adopt the resolution, and I
supposed, when I offered it this morning, there
would be really no objection to it. Iam very will-
ing to withdraw so much of it as provides for
committing the papers to the keeping of the clerks
during the recess.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will so modify
the amendment it will obviate the necessity of my
saying a word more.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will strike that out. I sub-
mit now the simple proposition, whether the
Senate will employ permanent clerks for the com-
mittees, which the Senator from Louisiana, as
chairman of the special committee, reported weie
entitled to clerks; or whether at the opening of
each Congress we shall be importuned by persons
who desire these places. The amendment, as
modified, will read:
That ihe cleiks of nil the standing committees shall he
permanent; and the cleik* oi'tiie Committees on Finance,
Punting, ami Claims, shall leeeive an annual salary of
$1,800, the cleiks of all the other committees, except the
Committees on tlie Library, on Engrossed' Bills, on Enrolled
Bill®, and to Audit and Contiol the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate, shall receive an annua] sal.uy of
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 35; as follows:
Y£AS~.Me>srs. Bayard, Bright, Davis, Douglas, Mason,
Pu^h, and Sebastian—7.
NAYS —Messrs Bell, Benjamin, Bisrgs, Broderiok,
Chandlei, Claikj Clav, CoHamer, Crittenden, Djxon, Doo-
Mile, liuskee, Evans," F.«ssendcn, Pitch, Fitzpatrick,Foot,
Foster. Green, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan. Houston, Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy, Peaice, Polk, lieid, Sewaid, Sim-
mons. SlidelJ, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade,
and WTi).-on—35.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the adoption of the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, as modified.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have an amendment to
offer. The resolution provides that these clerks
shall be paid a per diem during their actual ser-
vice. I have an idea that the committees may
