1858.
and the convention, and accepts the latter as an
authentic and final express-ion of the will of the
former.
Mr. Chairman, this assumed n^e.essity of sub-
mitting a constitution, in ail cases, to a popular
vote, rests in a radical misconception of the true
nature of popular government; it rests upon the
idea that the true sense of the people can only be
ascertained by the numerical majority of the ag-
gregate inhaoitants; that a people does not mean
an organized political community, but the mere
residents within certain geographical boundaries,
and even then only their numerical majority. On
the contrary, sir, X assert that the mere majority
of numbers is one of the least authentic means of
ascertaining the sense of the people. It is only
when you allow to all the diverse interests and
sections of the community a fair representation,
and a controlling voice in their own protection,
that you have truly an expression of the will of
the people; then only is the vox populi indeed the
vox del. Frequently it may be expedient to sub-
mit a constitution, adopted by the people m con-
vention, to a ratification by the numerical major-
ity at the polls. It may be well to do so, where
the interests of the sections and classes are nearly
identical, and where the people are intelligent, i
harmonious, law-abiding, orderly, and peaceful.
But suppose a State, torn by civil dissensions,
where there can be no election without grave
charges of fraud and violence; suppose fatTuous
men expelling the registers of voters and the
commissioners of elections, and refusing to vote,
in order to make a pretext for anarchy; suppose
an armed rebellion against law, and an organized
war upon the property of a portion of the citi-
zens; suppose, in one word, the very case exist-
ing in Kansas: and I ask you, shall we submit
to the rebels tlip constitution whos^ very object
is to restrain their disorders, especially when
they have refused to use the abundant opportu-
nities of participating in us formation ? The gov-
ernment of the majority of mere numbers is the
absolute form of popular government: unlimited
and unrestrained, it is as truly a despotism as can
be the government of one man; and it is more op-
pressive, because stronger. A constitution im-
poses these limits and restraints. Its primary pur-
pose is to protect the minority, the w?k against
the strong; and there mny be, and are, eases
where it is neither expedient nor just for a ma-
jority, which has given evidence of its disposition
to oppress and plunder, to determine the measure ,
of that protection. Both parties, the weaker as ■
well as the stronger, have a right to a \o>ce m j
making that compart; and both parties had it m
the calling and election of this convention |
I cannot, therefore, attach any importance to
such objections—either to the want of an enabling 1
act, or to the loose and irresponsible P«? !iiioiig |
i.hat there is a numerical majority opposed to this :
constitution, or to the fact that the convention did
not submit if to another vote. Nor, sir, ran I i
think that the real motives of the Opposition are ;
to be found in any of their objections. (Vegon i
has formed a constitution without any enabling '
act; and yet these same gentl-nnen who oppose 1
Kansas will vote to admit Oregon. It is doubt-
ful whether the constitution of Minnesota was
adopted by a convention at all, and though it was
nominally submitted to the popular vote, yet no-
body was allowed to vote who did not also vote !
for State officers. But the Opposition make no '
objection there. Kansas, and Kansas only, ex- '
cites their hostility, and the burden of their song 1
is the existence of slavery there. And, in fhc same
breath, they tell me that there are very few slaves '
in Kansas; that slavery can never go theie; that ,
climate and isothermal lines exclude it; that it is
not a practical question; and they ask me why ,
forse such an abstraction upon them? it is only a j
principle involved, and that is all they caru for. j
Yeft, sir, and that is what we care for; we, too, !
know the inestimable worth of a principle ! The j
more you assort that there is no practical advant- :
age to be gained by the slaveholdmg States, the
more odious becomes your opposition; the more
plainly do you avow your fixed determination
never to admit another State that is actually slave- l
huldm^, when you thus bitterly resist one which
you tell us is slaveholdmg only in theory. I
agiee fully and entirely that the principle is in-
volved and the issue fairly raised^ perhaps the
more fairly, because you assert it is not practi-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1243
cal. And that you may not escape or conceal thp
1 true issue, \ mean to show, from the constitution
of Kansas, how completely the legal question is
■ raised, and how every guarantee and protection
. that could he devised is"given to the slave prop-
, erty, which, however small, now actually exists
| in the Territory.
First, sir, slavery is theie at this moment as an
; existing fact. The slaves may be few in number.
' Perhaps so. Yet there they are, under the au-
j thorily of the Constitution of the United States;
, and while this Kansas constitution endures, they
cannot be emancipated without the consent of the
owners; and while they are there, the legislature
' cannot prohibit the introduction of others. Let
, us read part of clause two, of article seven, of the
: constitution:
1 "The Legislature Khali have no power to pass law* for
| the emancipation of slaves without the con^ntof the own-
| ers, or without paying the oiviii'is, pievimis to their eman-
i eipation,a full equivalent in money Grille <!ave< s<, em«n-
1 eipated. They shall have no powei to prevent emigrants
, to llie State from bringing with them such persons a« are
1 deemed slaves by the laws of any one of the United States
i or TVrrstones, so long as any person of the same age or de-
1 scription shall be continued m slavery by the laws of tins
; State."
I You see the power to emancipate is dented, ex-
, cept upon a double condition—compensation and
; consent of owners. Both are necessary. The
' power to emancipate with consent is a matter of
, course, especially as a subsequent clause gives the :
Legislature a power to pass laws to permit owners
| to emancipate. It would be unmeaning and su- '
| perfluous, except as couplcd with the "power to
t emancipate upon compensation, which it ex plains,
1 defines, and limits. This is made still cleater by
; otherclauses. Thus^thu preceding clause asserts '
! that the right to slave property is sacred, and
| higher than constitutional sanctions. How incon-
, sistent with this it would be if the Legislature
i could emancipate, that is, divest, property, with-
| out the owner's consent. In another place, it is
even declared that {< no alteration [in the consa-
: tution] shall be made to affect the n h's of prop-
; erty in the ownership of slaves " Again, the
bill of lights copies the Federal Con^'itution in
declaring that no man shall he deprived of inn
property except by d-ie course of law. The Su-
preme Couit,in the Died Scott ease, savs of tins
provision:
An act of Oomjro-s which d 'piives a ejtizen-of the I'm
ted Sta'e- o! hi- hhfiK oi ptopmtv, merely Ii'mmim1 lie
cam< himself or bromrut h«-« p'operty mioa p uticulm Tet-
ntory of tlw ll.i.a d ^tate-. <ind who had committed no of
lrn-e uiuiiv: the !,uv , co.iid liaidij be dign.iied \vuh the
1 name ot dm- pioeessoi law
I Kuf, sir, if this clause in the Federal Constitu-
tion forbids emancipation by Congress in the Ter-
ritories under us jurisdiction, equally does the
like clans"1 m the constitution of Kansas forbid
emancipation by the Legislature there. Sir, any
orhei conptrurlson would have this strange result,
that sl^ve prnpi'iiy lti Kansas mi«;ht have been
, more secure heal this slavery ortude been struck
out than ivr!i it in. For in the form or event, it
was expressly provided that " the ri^ht of piop-
erty i-i 0 've-< now in this Territory shall in no
nid:i'i''i interfiled with;" no, neither wuh nor
' without ''oirspens.iuon.
Ihu the const'tu'-ional guarantees of slavery slo
not stop even hero. The constitution itself can-
not, in my judgment, be iawrutly changed until
• l£64. I' was seen that the property of a part of
the citizens wiis peculim 1 v exposed to the assaults
of the lawless fanatics v. h*  heal su long been wag-
ing war against the Government. It was known
that in a new State theie is especial danger of
hasty eii ui^e and rash innovation m the forms of
govi-x-runeiU; and by a wise foresight, as I deem
it, the constitution secures a fair tual for thegov-
ernment it erects, and a reasonable stability for
organic institutions and fundamental laws, by for-
bidding change for six years. I know, sir, that
this has bc<- denied; and it is asseited that the
people of Kaimna nave a natural ri^ht to ybohsh
their government at pleasure, and that this rie^ht
they have asserted in the biil of rights, by declar-
ing;
''All political powers mhftientm the people, and all free
government's are founded en then authority. and instituted
tor then benefit, and. rheremre. they have at all mm*- ,ui
inalienable and indefeasible ngut to alter, ie form, or abolish
then form of governmental sueh manner as the} may think
proper "
Mr. Chairman, I heartily subscribe to this dec-,
larafion; but it asserts a natural right—a right of i
revolution, which, like all other natural rights, be-
longs to the people individually, to be exercised in
extreme cases on individual responsibility, and
not to the people as an organized political com-
munity or State. Sir, this point has been so well
!j treated by Mr. Calhoun, in a letter addressed to
t my colleague, [Hon. William Smith,} that you
will excuse me foi adopting his words, so much
jj better than any I could offer.
!' c> ^ lt^ ^Us3 to your ^eeond question. I sliall now
, j proceed to reply to your thnd. Ii is in the following words :
M - Alter abtate has been admitted into the Union, has the
,. numerical majority ot the pcuple of ^uch fude, the right to
t alter or abolish theeons'muioti, regardless of thf ninde pre-
scribed lor its; amendment, if any: and where ihere is none,
ot the retu-ul oi a^oni oi nueh State?'
"1 answer—no, neither alter nor before adun^ion. If
the right exists at ail, it must be either a natural or acquired
right. It eaunot be the fonwr; because all such rights be-
long to man in what is called the Mate of nature—thai j?,
i m thp -fate which is rsuppoded to precede the existence of
, government, or what is called the political state. Although
; the human race caitnot exist without socie'v, nor society
i without government, yui. in rho order of tbnigs, man must
,; have exited before society, and society before government.
] | And hence it has not been unusual for elementary writers?
;j on moiaU and polities, m ueating of the ngnta and duties
j of man, to regard him m each of these states. In Ins nat-
'! ural state, he \-i considered simply as an individual, with
no superior; and hus nghts and duties are deduced from
tho.se faculties and endowments,physical,intellectual,and
moral, which are common to the ince. Rcgaided m this
state;all are equal in rights. In it,each individual ns the sole
master of his own actions ; and there are neither majorities
nor minorities, noi the rights of majorities and minorities*
In the other, oj political state, he ceases to he regarded in
this isolated and independent character,and is viewed as a
member of .t hody-polme. oi a «rate; that is, a society or-
'! gamzod uiiflerayoveinrnerit, which represents its sovereign
j will, «iii<1 tin ough which it acts. If is in this state, and this
I on!\, that mainline* and minorities are known, or have,as
i sik h, any i uihts. VVhatevei rights tliey pos^es,^, are political
I inrhtsi—the whole class oi" which arc acquired—and are
: called conventional; that w, rights derived from agreement
I or eonipa'-i,''Npre.^M'd oi implied. How abt>urd, then, w it,
' to fU5>i<  e tlu« right oi a majority to alter or abolish the
; co'i-tiiut'on is a natural ught—a right belonging to man re-
i s.it ded a^ evi>tiug m a state of nature—when, m that state,
' inaio.-itM ,k ,md mmoiiiu-i aie unkuown.
; '•If. i hen. the right ot the majority exist at all, it mu-t he
: a- a eonu'tmona! nght; and ioitnnalely foi the decir-ion
I oi the question, if h lealiy exists m ihat charaetcr in our
; sy-t  <n. there will he no d.tficulty in findins? it. The provi-
1 dent toie^ig'it ol our ancestors ha* not left to conjecture or
, unpin atmn. m whom tile ught to abolish eonstilutiouti, or
to.m - of government, re-id<'-<; or how, for the most pari, it
i- to be o\eiCwd. In every ca^e (in<huhng the Fedeial
CoM-titution) except New Jersey and Virginia—and recent-
] !v 1'lioih f>land--the autliouty by which tt is to be exer-
, (•,-(•{( and m what maimei,is tle^sgnatcd in the constitu-
tion-* Uieni-elvi^." ***** a
I '• Now, a- the nu'it. if it e,\ist? at all, must exist as aeon-
[ ventioiiiil -'tat I--, a li^tit founded on etpruss agree-
: mem oi euinp.n-i, oi. m the absence ot Mich an one, implied,
ii tollow-. ti-un liie -.t Unm.Mit, titat it do;"-: not exist by ex-
1 piess agi'-eiuent m eompiet, m any <)f the ea--es wheie
1 pmvi to'i i- mavle tor aui'Mnliuij th.' ron<5titution ; not can it
i rxiM by impiivaitii'i, in any ^tate, unless m the only two
win-re eoDbUtiinotL- make no provisions on the subject."
•' Why was n tint h :t 10 tlie diseietion of Congress a- d
the f-'i-Ui1 !.e-:i-lanue->, to call conventions, oi propo-e
. ameud-n-nl to ti'.e people for their raulicatiou ? it is not
| 'r can e t.ie powi oi doing euhor was doubted, but becau>e
tbo-e who itaoe'd tnem, while they were too wise not to
-:re tnat a rrend-uents wouiti become neeessaiy, weie, at
{lie j-aine ii!iii', too deep] v i.upiefped with the dangei of fre-
<]ue;n .•liuiiL'e-. m the fundamental law of a State, to permit
ame>uhi!"i>t- to ho made with too much facility To meet
t! e o,./. u ii'ee-sary that they should be left open to
amen hor-its , and to suard ugam-t the other, that restrie-
511111s '.t.nld he mipo-ed on the atnendnuf power; or, with-
out them, the numeiieai majority ol the Legislature might
c;id conventions or propose amendments at urc, t" be
avtopjed by a like niajontyof the people. The consequence
would be. that constitution? mi«zht he changed with almost
tne same f aoiiitv as ordmaiy acts of the Legislature. It is
to rest-am ths- sacihty, that m all cases, where the consti-
tution p'ovnie.sioi its amendment, it imposes restrictions
on Me power oi amending, which wouHl not otheiwisi;
, cxm.m , A * * * * * X
t£ la denvms, however, the right of the numenca! m.i-
. joiuv. as such, to altei orabohsii the constitution of a State,
jey udles? ot the loims prescuhed, or, wheie there are none,
wnJjout fie con-ent ot the Goveinment, I am far from de-
; n.  mi? th it the people are the -ouice of all power; and that
' then authority i" paramount ovei all. lim wnen political,
and not natural nyht-> aie the subject, the peop|«>. tis has
' been .-.i.U"d, an.- rcsi.irrled as coi^tituting Ji bod\ .politic, or
1 State and not mutely as mi mam individual-. It only
1 when <') regarded that they poami pohhial risk(>.
! \ jewed uidivtduaUy.a-the elements of winch the bod\ poll-
1 tic is tbiined. th"V posr.e-^ none imt n.itntai ngliis. 'i'aken
■ in either light, tne people niav altei oi aboh?h their con-u-
tution . but with tins iMI<jicnce—thai m the toimer they
| can onl\ do it by aetina according to t>ie prescribed forms,
1 whert' there aie Mich, and wlien there are none, through
the agency ot it> lepresentative and organ. t'ie government
• ot the iSutv , while m the latter they act nvh\ idually. and
1 on individual rcponc-ilnlitv The one is a political, and the
, otliei a natural ri^ht. or, a> usually e ll"d in =neh eases.
the n^ht of revolution; and can lie revolted to, nirruhilly,
| only u'IkT"" !io\'<')iinn'}it has vuletl in the ?-eat ob;en.s tor
' which n was' ordained—the security and happinec* ot the
j people : and then oniv where no other remvd} can i>-v ar>-
i plied. lu such cases, the individuals wiio compose the com-
