206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Green.
Senate.
their own fault that they did not thus go and vote; but yet,
if they chose, they had a right to stay away."
There seems fo be in this a little contradiction.
If they did wrong when they staid away, then it
was theu.' duty to have voted; and hence those
who did vote did right. He further says:
"They had a right to say that that convention, although
not an unlawful assemblage, is not a legal convention to
make a government; and hence we are under no obligation
to go and expre^ any opinion about it. Tfiev had a light
to say, if they chose,' we will stay away until we sec the
constitution they shall frame, the petition they shall send to
Congress; and, when they submit it to us for ratification,
we will vote for it if we like it, or vote it down if we do not
liken.' I say they had aright to do either, though I thought,
and think yet, as good citizen*, they ought to havegone and
voted; but that was their business, and not mine."
The Senator from Vermont proclaims the same
idea that there was no legality attached to it; and
he drew a distinction, which I think my honor-
able colleague completely answered—that there
was a difference between a legal proceeding and
a proceeding by authority. What he meant by
legal was, that it was not prohibited by law, and
therefore not unlawful. I think I can adduce a
little authority to show that this was a legal pro-
ceeding. Theauthoiity that I propose to present
consist's, first, in the report presented by the Sen-
ator from Illinois in J856, in which he makes his
celebrated argument upon the power of Congress
over the Territories. He deduces the power that
Congress has under the Constitution to legislate
for the Territory, or over the Territory, from that
clause which says:
"New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union."
Withoutconcedingthe correctness of his source
of power, I will proceed to show what he thought
had been accomplished by the establishment of a
territorial government. He uses this language on
page 4:
" Hence, before the power can be safely exeicised, the
right of Connies?, to organize Tenitones, by instituting tem-
porary governments, mu&t be Maeeil duectly to Home pio-
vKion ol the Constitution conIWring the authoiny m evpiess
terms, or as a means necessaiy and piopei tociiuv into ef-
fect some one or more o( the poweii which .ire specifically
delegated. Is not the organization ol a Ten hoi y eminently
necessary and piopcr as a. moan* of enabling the people
thereof to form and mold their local and domestic institu-
tions, and establish a Slate government under the authority
of the Constitution, preparatory to its admission into the
Union?"
His idea, as shadowed forth in this report, and
not only shadowed forth, but expressed m very
explicit language, is, that the exercise of the power
to establish a temporary government for a Terri-
tory was a means to execute another constitu-
tional power; that that other constitutional power
. was to admit a State; and that the establishment
of a territorial government was to enable them to
prepare for that admission. Thus, according to
his idea at that time, it, in the language of Gov-
ernor Walker, is an enabling act; but I care
nothing about that. It was a legal proceeding,
when they proceeded to form a State government,
whether this is an enabling actor not. It is well
known that a prior consent of Congress has not
been the established practice of the Government.
It is equally well known that all these territorial
governments are in the law expressly stated to be
for the purpose of preparing them for admission
into the Union. They arc all said to be temporary.
The express word is employed even in the Kansas
act—a temporary government for Kansas in the
territorial form. So of Nebraska—a temporary
government in the territorial form.
Now, if it be a " temporary" government, if it
be to enable them to prepare for admission into
the Union, if it be as a means to enable Congress
to execute the power to admit a State, as he argues
in his report, then it is all that an enabling act could
possibly be. But whether that be so or not, I pro-
ceed upon a broad principle of equity, which is
this: the uniform practice of the Government has
been to admit Territories as States; and citizens
of any of the old States, North, East, South, or
elsewhere, going and settling m a new Territory
established durmgthe past practice of the Gov-
ernment, looking at the past action of Congress,
have a right, growing out of the common prac-
tice, to expect the organization of a State govern-
ment, when they obtain the requisite strength.
Thft common practice to so admit them is an in-
ducement to them to settle there; and not to con-
cede to them what has been uniformly conceded
to all others, without exception, would be a fraud
upon the people who settle in the Territory. It
would be a breach of the common law which has
grown up. Now, as Congress has not been uni-
form in granting enabling acts, as Congress has
heretofore said an enabling act is not a necessary
prerequisite, as the practice of the Government
has been uniformly to admit them as States at
the proper time, he who settles there has a right,
under that practice, to expect that that common-
law practice shall be adhered to and carried out in
good_ faith—more especially when settling in the
Territory acquired from France by the Louisiana
treaty, which specially stipulated that it should
be done.
But, independent of all that, there was a gov-
ernment in Kansas, clothed with governmental
power, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States, which contemplated their admis-
sion into the bosom of the old family. That gov-
ernment was a territorial government. It has been
said that it was a usurped government; that it
was established by fraud and violence; that ex-
ternal power from the State of Missouri went
over there and forced it upon them, all of which
I pass by as unworthy of notice. Whether true
or untrue, it was a government de jacto. It was
a government wielding the power of the territo-
1 rial authority, it was a government authorized,
under the organic act, to (To all that any other gov-
ernment, under that act, could have done. Cali-
fornia was under a kind of military government,
established under General Riley, and the Senator
from Illinois, with great ingenuity, and great
plausibility, (and I am willing to adopt it for the
purposes of the argument,) in his report predi-
cates the right of the State of California to ad-
mission into the Union on those points: First
that there was a government de facto there, and
; that, acting through this de jacto government, the
| people had established a State government, and
| asked admission into the Union. Such is the his-
tory of the case. lie employs this language:
" ft also appear^.fi om the proclamation of General Riley,
acting (loveinoi, to the people of California, dated June 3,
lb'19, that the government <!c facto was constituted as fol-
lows- *
k* On the 3d of April, 18-10, President Taylor appointed
Thomas Butler King agent, tor the puipo<e of conveying
j impoitant instructions to om mthuuy and naval command-
ers who vveie intnMed with the adminutiati n of the civil
government Jacto m California "
Thus predicating his whole argument on the
double idea that the people had acted, and acted ;
through a government de facto. Had you not a !
government dejacto, as regular, as legal, as jnst, !
in the case of Kansas, as you had in California, j
even if you admit that m its origination frauds
were committed, force resorted to, and external!
aid brought to bear? Now, sir, here is a govern- '
ment de Jacto. They proceeded to call a conven- j
tion. So in Kansas; there was a government de i
jacto, and they proceeded to call a convention, j
The Senator from Vermont says, however, that '
it is not a legality. Let us see what the Senator j
from Illinois says upon that subject; for I love to !
answer one of my opponents with the language !
of another. The Senator from Illinois, speaking j
of the action in California, says:
" Hut theie is not an irregularity in the case of California
which has not occuried and been waived in the admission
of coine new State into the Union. If the Senator will
point me to any niegulaiitv in the case of California, I will
point him to a eoiresponding one m the case of some other
State which lias been received into the Union." *
* * kt I hold that the people of California had a right
to do what they have done; yea, that they had a moral, po-
litical, and legal light todoall they have done."—Appendix
to Globe, 185U, page 1523.
So that the action of the people of California,
being subordinate to the government deJactoy was j
a legal action. The action of the people of Kan- I
sas, being through the constituted authorities, and ;
a government de factoy was clearly legal action.
This, like other complaints which have been got-
ten up since the first day of December, seems to
be an after-thought. Read the Springfield speech ;;
of the honorable Senator from Illinois. Would :i
he have spoken in such terms as he did with ref-
erence to the expected action in Kansas if he had j |
I looked upon it as a mere farce—that people could .
| have stayed away if they pleased? Did he say ij
i so then? I desire to read it. It has been read l'
frequently. I wish to incorporate it in the proper
connection as it bears on the proposition I am
now discussing. I ask my friend from Indiana
to read it for me.
Mr. BRIGHT read as follows:
"Of the Kansas question but little need be said at the
present time. You are familiar with the history of the ques-
tion, and mv connection with it. Subsequent reflection has
strengthened and confirmed my convictions in the sound-
ness of the principles and the coirectness of the courso {
have felt it my duty to pursue upon that subject. Kansas
is about to speak f r herself through her delegates assem-
bled in convention to form a constitution, prepaintory to her
admission into the Union on an equ il footing with the ori-
ginal States. Peace and prosperity now prevail thioughout
hei borders. The law umi  r which her delegates are about
to be elected is believed to be just and fair ui all its objects
and provisions. There is every reason to hope and believe
that the law will be fanly interpreted and impartially exe-
cuted, so as to insure to every bonajide inhabitant the free
and quiet exercise of the elective franchise.
"If any portion of the inhabitants, acting under the ad-
vice of political leaders in distant States, shall choose to
absent themselves from the polls, and withhold their votes,
with a view of leaving the free-State Democrats in a mi-
nority, and thus securing a pro-slavery constitution in op-
position to the wishes of a majority of the people living
under it, let the responsibility rest on those who, fin parti-
san purposes, will sacrifice the principles they piofessto
cherish and promote. Upon them and upon the political
party for whose benefit and undei the direction of whose
leadeis they act, let the blame be visited of fastening upon
the people of anew State, institutions repugnant to their
feelings and in violation of their wishes. The organic act
secures to the people ot Kansas the sole and exclusive right
of forming and regulating their domestic institutions to suit
themselves, subject to no other limitation than that which
the Constitution of the United States imposes. The Demo-
cratic party is determined to see the great fundamental prin-
ciples of the organic act earned out in good faith. The pres-
ent election law in Kansas is acknowledged to be fair and
just—the rights of the voters are cleaily defined—and the
exercise of those rights will be efficiently and scrupulously
protected. Hence, if the majority of the people of Kansas
desire to have it a free State, (and we are told by the Re-
publican party that nine tenths of the people of that Terri-
toiy are fiee State men,) there is no obstacle in the way of
bunging Kansas into the Union as a free State, by the votes
and voice of her own people, and in conformity with the
gieat pnnciples of the Kansas-Nebraska act; provided all
the Irce-State men will goto the polls and vote then prin-
ciples in accordance with then piofe-sions. If such is not
the icsult, let the consequences be visited upon the heads
of those whose policy it is to produce strife, anarchy, and
bloodshed m Kansas, that their party mav profit by slavery
agitation m the northern States of this Union. That the
Demociats in Kansas will perfoim their duty, feailessly and
nobly, according to the principles they chensh, I have no
doubt; and that the struggle will be such as will gladden
the heart, and sticngthen the hopes of every fuend of the
Union, I have entire confidence."
Mr. GREEN. Now,sir, Ihave had thatspeech
read because in the connection I am now speak-
ing it shows he then regarded it as a proceeding
that would be binding, perfectly obligatory, and
! was anticipating that some of the contumacious
would stay away and not vote, alleging at the
same time that they would, be equally bound as
though they had appeared at the polls and voted.
That shows that he regarded it as a legal pro-
ceeding. That speech was made on the 12th of
June, three days before the election held under
the election law of Kansas, and hence when he
takes another position, on the first day of Decem-
ber, it seems to me—I will not impute to him any
motive—to have been entirely an after-thought.
So understood the whole country; so understood
every friend of the Kansas-Nebraska bill; so un-
derstood the President, and all of the party that
sustained him; and never until some subsequent
proceedings were had, was any complaint ever
uttered. It was a legal proceeding. Itiseasyto
demonstrate, in addition to what I have said, that
there is full legislative power, including the power
to call a convention at the instance of the people,
to form a constitution preparatory to their admis-
sion into the Union; that it was with this view,
as stated by the Senator from Illinois, that the
j organic act of the Territory was first passed to
enable them to prepaie for admission under the
clause of the Constitution, which says that Con-
gress may admit new States. It then results that
the voice of the people fairly expressed, demanded
a change of government from that of & territorial
to that of a State. There was no pretense of fraud
at that time; no pretense of any invasion from
Missouri, or from the Camanches of the West;
no pretense of improper influences; all was ad-
muted to be fair, regular, just, and proper. The
first step in the proceeding, then, is a legal step
of the people in the exercise of their power. Ah,
says the Senator from Vermont, they will have
