mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
the very salt of it. They constitute the " mud-
sills," to use a term recently introduced here.
They constitute the foundation upon which the
Government rests; and hence we see the state of
things before us. Should we not give the settle-
ment of our public lands and the population of our
country that direction which will beget and create
the best portion of the population ? Is it not fear-
fa! to think of four million six hundred and sixty-
six thousand paupers in the United States, at the
rate they have them in the city of New York?
Mr. Jefferson never said a truer thing than when
he declared that large cities were eye-sores in the
body-politic: in Democracies they are consuming
cancers.
I know the idea of.some is to build up great pop-
ulous cities, and that thereby the interests of the
country ore to be promoted. Sir, a city not only
sinks into pauperism, but into vice and immoral-
ity of every description that can be enumerated;
and I would not vote for any policy that I be-
lieved would build up cities upon this principle.
Build up your villages, build up your rural dis-
tricts, and you will have men who rel^upon their
own industry, who rely upon their own efforts,
who rely upon their own ingenuity, who rely
upon their own economy and application to busi-
ness for a support; and these are the people whom
you have to depend upon. Why, Mr. President,
how was it in ancient Rome? I know there has
been a great deal said in denunciation of ngi-aii-
a 11 ism and the Gracchi. It litis been said that a
doctrine something like this led to the decline of
the Roman Empire; but the Gracchi never had
their day until a cancerous influence had destroyed
the very vitals of Rome; and it was the destruc-
tion of Rome that brought forth Tiberius Grac-
chus. It was to prevent land monopoly, not
agrarianism, in the common acceptation of the
lerm—which is dividing out linids that had been
acquired by individuals. Tliey sought to take
back and put in the possession of the great mass
of the people that portion of the public domain
which had been assumed by the capitalists, who
had no title to it in fact. The Gracchi tried to
carry out this policy; to restore that which bad
been taken from the people. The population had
sunk into the condition of large proprietors on
the one hand, and dependents on the other; and
have a population of this kind. Keep up the mid- <
die class, lop off an aristocracy on the one hand, j
and a rabble on the other; let the middle class ,
maintain the ascendency, let them have the power, :
and your Government is always secure. Then j
you need not fear the people. I know, as I have
just remarked, that some are timid in regard to
trusting the people; but there can be no danger
from a people who are interested in their Govern-
ment, who have homes to defend, and wives and
children to care for. Even if we test this propo-
sition by that idea of self-interest which is said to
govern and control man, I ask you if a man, who
has an interest in his country, is not more reli- 11
able than one who has none ? Is not a man who ',
is adding to the wealth of his country more reli- j
able than one who is simply a consumer, and has j
no interest in it? If we suppose a man to be gov-
erned only by the principle of self-interest, is he
not more reliable when he has a stake in the coun- ;
try, and is it not his interest to promote and ad- T
vance his own condition ? Is it not to the interest !
of the great mass to have everything done rightly ;j
in reference to Government. The great mass of
the people hold no office; they expect nothing from
the Government. The only way they feel, and ,
know, and understand the operations of the Gov- i
ernment is in the exactions it makes from them.
When they are receiving from the Government ;
protection in common, it is their interest to do ;
right in all governmental affairs; and that being 1
their interest they arc to be relied upon, even it ii
you suppose men tobeactuated altogether >'y the .
principle of self-interest. It is the interest of the
middle class to do right in all governmental af-
, fairs;and hence they are to be relitd upon. In-
; stead of requiring you to keep up your armies, ;
1 your mounted men, and your footmen on the fron- ;
I tier, if you will let the people go and possess this
! public land on the conditions proposed in this
] bill, you will have an army on the fiontier com-
; posed of men who will defend their own firesides,
i who will take care of their own homes, and will
defend the other portions of the country, if need
S be, in time, of war.
1 would remark in this connection, that the pub-
| lie lands have paid for themselves. According to
i the report of Mr. Stuart, of Virginia, the Sucre- ;
tary of the Interior in ItioU, it was shown that '
when this dependent condition wasbrotight about, !! then the public lands had paid for themselves, and
, J , . , . « . . r -ID ! , _    1 1 1K7.. 1, ml I h. 
we find from JNiebuhr's History, the middle
class of the community was all gone; it had left
llie country; there was nothing butan mistocracy
on the one hand, and dependents upon that aris-
tocracy on (he other; and when this got to be the
case, the Roman Empire went down.
Having tins illustrious example before us, we
should be warned by it. Our true policy is to
build up the middle class; to sustain the villages;
to populate the rural districts, and let the power
of this Government remain with the middle class;
I want no miserable city rubble on the one hand
sixty millions over. We have received into the
Treasury since that time about thirty-two million
dollais from the public landn. They have, there-
fore, ahead y paid the Government more than they
cost, and there can he no objection to this bill on
the ground that the public lands have been bought
with tin; common treasure of the whole country,
besides, this bill provides that each individual
making an entry shall pay till the expenses attend-
ing it.
We see then, Mr. President, the effect this pol-
icy is to have on population. Let me ask here,
1 W till t II" Illl-JV ! J |
1 want no pampered, bloated, corrupted aristoe- 1 looking to our popular elections, looking to the
racy on the other; I want, the middle portion of ■ ptoper lodgment of power, is it not lime that we
had adopted a policy which would give us men
interested in the affairs of the country to control
society built up and sustained, and let them have
the control of the Government. I am as much op-  - i
posed to agrarianism as any Senator on this floor, 1 and sway our elections ? It seems to me that tins
or any individual in the United States, and tins cannot long be debated; tne pomt is too
bill doesnotpartake in the slightest decree of agra-
rian ism; but, on the contrary, it commences wuh a
man at the precise point where agrariamsm ends,
and it carries him up m an ascending line, while
that carries him down, it gives him an interest
in his country, and interest in public ali'ait.s; and
when you ate involved in \vai,m insurrection,
or rebellion, or danger of any kind, they are the
men who are to sustain you. if you should have
The agricultural and mechanical portion of the
community are to be relied upon for the preserva-
tion and continuance of this Government. The
great muss of ihe people, the great middle class,
are honest. They toil fur their support, accept-
ing no favor from Government. They live by
labor. They do not live by consumption, hut by
production; and we should consume as small a
portion of their production as it is possible for
occasion to cull volunteers into the service of the ; us to consume, leaving the producer to appro-
country, you will have a population of men hav- i' piiate to Ins own use and benefit as much ol the
in? homes, bavin? wives and children to care for, , product of ins own labor ^as it is possible in tne
who will defend their hearthstones when invaded. \ nature ol things to do. I he great mass of tne
What a sacied thing it is to a man to feel that he
has a hearthstone to defend;a home, and a wife
and children to care for, and to rest satisfied, that
they have an abiding place. Such a man  is in-
terested individually in repelling invasion; he is
interested individually in having good Govern-
ment.
I know there are many, and even some m the
Democratic ranks, whose nerves are a little timid
in regard to trusting the people with too much
power. Sir, the people are the safest, the best,
and the most reliable lodgment of power, it you
people need advocates—men who are honest and
capable, who aie willing to defend them. How
■ much legislation is done for them* How much
is done tor classes? How little care seems to be
! exercised for the great mass of the people ? When
. we are among oui constituents, it is very easy to
: make appeals to the people and professions of
patriotism, and then —I do not mean to be per-
sonal or invidious—it is very easy when we arc
removed from them a short distance, to forget the
1 people and legislate for classes, neglecting the in-
i terest of the great mass. The mechanics and ag-
riculturists are honest, industrious, and econom-
ical. Let it not be supposed that I am against
learning or education, but I might speak of the
man in the rural districts, in the language of Pope:
" Unlearned, he knew no schoolman's subtle art,
No language but the language of the heait;
By nature honest, by experience wise ;
Healthy by temperance and exeiei^e
This is the kind of men whom-we must rely
upon, ^.et your public lands be settled; let them
be filled up; let honest men become cultivators
and tillers of the sqtl. I do not claim to be pro-
phetic, but 1 have sometimes thought that if we
would properly direct our legislation in refetence
to our public lands and our other public policy,
the time would come when this would be the
greatest Governmenton the face of the earth. Go
to the great val'ey of the Mississippi: take the
western slope of the mountain to the Pacific ocean;
take the whole area of this country, and we find
that wo have over three million square miles.
Throw off one fourth as unfit for cultivation, re-
ducing the area of the United States to fifteen hun-
dred million acres, and by appropriating thiee
acres to a person, it will sustain a population of
over five hundred million people; and I have no
doubt, if this continent was strained to its utmost
capacity, it could sustain -the entire population of
the world. Let us go on and carry out our des-
tiny; interest men in the soil; let your vacant land
be divided equally so that men can have homes;
let them h\e by their own industry; and tho t.me
will come when this will be the greatest nation on
the face of theeai th. Let agriculture and mechan-
ism maintain the ascendency, other piofcssious
and pursuits being suboidinate to them, for on
these two all others rest.
Since the crucifixion of our Savior, emigration
has been westward; and the poetic idea might
have started long before it did—
•* Wc^lw.ml the -'tar of empire takes its wav."
It h;«<3 been taking its way westward. The Uni-
ted States are tilling up. We are going on to the
Pacific coast. Lot me laise the inquiry here, when,
in the history of mankind, in the progre*.s ol na-
tions, was there any nation thatover reached the
point we now occupy? When was there a nation
. in its progress, in its settlement, in us advance
1 in all that constitutes and make a nation gn at, that
'occupied the position we now occupy? When
was there any nation that could look to the East
and behold the tide of emigration coming, and, at
the same time, turn around and look to the mighty
i mighty West, and behold the tide of emigration
approaching from that direction. The waves of
emigration have usually been running in one di-
rection, but we find the tide or emigration now
! changed, and we are occupying a central position
on the globe. Emigration is coming to us fiom
the Wast and from the West, and when our vacant
: terntoiv shall be filled up, when it shell rea<-h a
1 population of one hundred and fifty or five hun-
dred millions, who can say what, will be our des-
tiny ?
i When our radroad system shall progrrss on
proper principles, extending from one extreme of
■ the country to the other, like so many artenes;
when'your telegiaphic wires shall be stretched
along them as the tendonsm the human arm, and
they shall run in paialM lines, and be crossed at
,, right angles, until the whole globe, as it were, and
!! especially this great center, shall be covered like
'i a net-work with these arteries and tendons; when
'' the face of the globe shall flash intelligence like
>: the face of man; when it shall become sensitive
i to touch—we, occupying this important point, re-
il ceiving acquisitions fiom the East and fiom the
I West, may find our institutions more perfect, sci-
' enee may be advanced so that instead of receiv-
i; mg immigration, instead of receiving nations from
i abroad, this will be the great sensorium fiom
! j which our notions of religion, our notions of gov-
\ ernment, our improvements in works of every
ii description shall radiate fiom this as a common
II center, and revolutionize the whole world.
j; Who dares say that this is not our destiny, if
• we will only permit it to be fulfilled? Then let
| us go on with this great work of interesting men
\\ in becoming connected with the soil; intetesting
'j them m remaining in your mechanic shops; pre-
i: vent their accumulation in the mi-cms ot your
| cities; and m doing this, you will dispense With
l; tiie necessity for all your pauper system. By
