1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
institutions it would establish? I think not. I
should like to know if there is an honorable Sen-
ator here to-day who believes that if the Kansas-
Nebraska act had been repealed before the con-
stitutional convention at Lecompton sat, the people
of Kansas Territory, in framing their constitution,
would not have had the entire right to have said
whether slavery should have existed within its
borders or not?
If>this be true, and I humbly submit to the con-
sideration of Senators that it is true, what then
becomes of all these wire-drawn arguments out
of the Kansas-Nebraska act—seeking at one in-
stant to show that it is an enabling act, and at
another instant that it has conferred on that peo-
ple a right they never had before—to adopt their
own mode in framing a constitution? Why, sir,
they had it without the act. If that section of the
Nebraska act had been repealed a year ago, so
long as that people were left in an organized form
of government, they had the right to ask to be
admitted into the Union, and it was for Congress
to say whether they should be admitted or not.
Again, sir, the Senator from Missouri, with
that skill in debate which gratified all of us who
were attentive observers, in a sort of hand-to-
hand scuffle with my friend from Illinois, said to
liim, this mode of getting up a constitutional con-
vention, and this mode of submitting it, is, on
the part of the people of Kansas, their own way.
I regretted to see that the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] and the honorable
Senator from Indiana. [Mr. Fitch,] had taken
what my friend from Missouri considered a mere
skillful weapon in debate, and laid it down as a
fundamental principle. Had the Kansas-Ne-
braska act, in using that language, any reference
to the mode and manner of executing it ? None at
all. It related to the character of the institutions,
and not to the mode and manner of exercising
their right in forming their institutions. The
language of the act was, that Congress would
neither legislate slavery into any Territory or any
State, nor exclude it therefrom; but would leave
the people perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way. Does
that mean anything more—did anybody before
ever dream that it meant anything more—than to
say what should be the character of the institu-
tions? Never.
Yet, it is urged that it is an enabling act, and
that, forsooth, they have got some power in
virtue of that act which was never conferred 011
a Territory before. It has been found out, too,
that there is language in that act giving to the
Legislature the power to legislate on all right-
ful subjects. But both are unfounded. Why, sir,
we began as far back as 1804, when we organ-
ized the Louisiana Territory, to tell the people
of that Territory that they might legislate on all
rightful subjects of legislation. You will find it
in the Wisconsin act; you will find it in the
Iowa act, and doubtless in many others. But
is it a rightful subject of territorial legislation to
destroy itself? I have undertaken to show that
Congress has no power to destroy this Confed-
eracy by giving its consent to an independent
State out of the Union; and I repeat now, that 110
territorial legislative body can have any right or
authority to adopt a species of legislation which
shall destroy itself.
But again, suppose Congress simply authorizes
a legislative body to be formed in a Territory;
does anybody pretend that it may not legislate
on all rightful subjects of legislation without any
specification of powers? Is it not true, legally
and logically, that the effect of an enumeration
of powers is to limit that enumeration? The
largest powers that can be conferred are conferred
in general terms. To establish a territorial gov-
ernment, authorize the election of a Legislature,
and clothe them with power to legislate for the
Territory, is a much larger authority than is con-
ferred by a legislative grant enumerating the
powers granted, because the enumeration of cer-
tain powers excludes the right to exercise any
other. It will be found, on looking into the his-
tory of the legislation of Congress on this subject
of Territories, that enumerated powers have been
used for that purpose, and for that purpose alone.
They have been prohibited from interfering with
the lands of the United States within their borders.
They have been prohibited from taxing non-resi-
dents at a greater rate than residents, and in some
other particulars. The enumerations have been
to restrict, and not to enlarge their powers.
I have stated what was the purpose, object, and
effect of the Kansas-Nebraska act. Was that act
without an effect and without a meaning? Has
it no legitimate operation on this question ? Cer-
tainly it has, and it was for that very reason that
I felt myself bound to say, on the reading of the
President's message here, and to say it not only
with respect to the position that Mr. Buchanan
occupies, but with a respect for him equal to that
entertained by any gentleman in this body, that
if I could agree with the reasoning of the Presi-
dent I might agree with his conclusions. Let me
now state some of the grounds why I found my-
self and still find myself unable to agree with him.
The present history of Kansas is perhaps bet-
ter stated by the President than it could be stated
by myself. Ho says:
l< It is? unnecessary to stato in detail the alarming condition
of the Territory of Kansas at the time of my inauguration.
The opposing parties then stood m hostile array agaiust each
other, and any accident might have relighted the flames of
civil war. Resides, at this critical moment, Kansas was left
without a Governor by the resignation of Governor Geary.
'• On theiyth ot February previous, the Ten Uonal Legis-
lature had parsed a law providing foi the election of dele-
gates, on the third Monday of June, to a convention to meet
on the first Monday of September, for the purpose ot fram-
ing a constitution prepaiatoiy to admission into the Union.
Tins law was in the mam fair and just; and it is to be re-
gretted that all the qualified electors had not registered
themselves, and voted under its provisions.
" At tiie time of election for delegates, an extensive or-
ganization existed 111 the Territory. who*e avowed object it
was, if need be, to put down the lawful government by
force, and to establish a government of theli own underthe
so-called Topeka constitution. The poisons attached to
this revolutionary organization abstained fioni taking any
part m the election.
'•The act of the Terntorial Lcgislatuie had omitted to
provide for submitting to the people the constitution which
might befjamed by the convention ; and in the excited state
of public feeling throughout Kansas an appiehension ex-
ten-sively pievaued that "a design exited to 101 oe upon them
a constitution in lehmon to slavery against their will. In
this emergency it became my duty, as it was my unques-
tionable light, having in view the union of all good citizens
111 suppmt of the temtonal laws, to express an opinion on
the tiue construction of the provisions concerning slavery
contained in the oiganic act of Congress of the 3oth May,
1854. Congress declared it to be4 the true intent and meaning
of this act not to legislate slavery into any Territory or State,
nor to exclude it theiefiom; but to leave the people thereof
perfectly free to foim and legulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way.' Undent Kansas, 'when admitted
as a State,'was to' be received into the Union, with or with-
out slavery, as their constitution may prescnbe at the time
of their admission.'
'• Did Congress mean by this language that the delegates
elected to frame a constitution should have authority finally
to decide the question of slavery, or did they intend by leav-
ing it to the people that the people of Kansas themselves
should decide this question by a direct vote? O11 this sub-
ject I confess I had never entertained a serious doubt, and,
theiefoie, m my instructions to Governor Walker of the 38 th
March last, f meiely said that when ' a constitution shall be
submitted to the people ot the Teiritory, they mu>t be pio-
teeted in the exeicise of their right of voting tor 01 agam-?t
that instrument, and the fair expiession of the popular will
must not be interrupted by fraud or violence.'
" In expressing tins opinion it was tai from my intention
to interfeie with the decision of the people of Kansas, either
for or against slavery. From this 1 have always carefully
abstained. Intrusted with the duty of taking f care that the
laws be faithtulty executed,' my only dcsnc was, that the
people of Kansas should furnish to Congress the evidence
required by the organic act, whethei tor or against slavery;
and 111 this manner smooth their passage into the Union. In
emerging from the condition of territorial dependence into
that of a sovereign State, it was their duty, in my opinion,
to make known their will by the votes of the majority, on
the direct question whether tins important dome&uc institu-
tion should or should not continue to exist. Indeed, this was
the only possible mode in which their will couid be authen-
tically ascertained,
" The election of delegates to a convention must necessa-
rily take place 111 sepai ate districts. From this cause it may
readily happen, as has often been the case, that a majority of
the people of a State or Tenitory are on one side of a ques-
tion, whilst a majouty of the representatives from the several
distuets into which it is divided maybe upon the other side.
This arises from the facttliatm some districts delegates may
be elected bysmall majorities, whilst in others those of dif-
ferent sentiments may receive majorities sufficiently great
not only to oveicome the votes given for the former, but to
'leave a large majouty of the whole people in direct oppo-
sition to a majoiity of the delegates. Besides, our hi*toiy
proves that influences may be bioiight to bear 011 the repre-
sentative sufficiently powertul tomducehim to disregaid the
will of his constituents. The uutb is, that no other authen-
tic and satisfactory mode exists of ascertaining the will of
a majority of the people of any State or Teiritory on an im-
portant and exciting question, like 1 hat of slavery in Kansas,
except by leav mg it to a diiect vote. llow vvi^e, then, was
it foi Congress to pass over all subordinate and intermediate
agencies, and pioceed directly to the source ot* all legitimate
power under our institutions!"
For four years, ever since the Territory of Kan-
sas was organized, the greatest amount of strife,
of violence, of bloodshed, of murder, lias been
continuously rife there. Under these circum-
stances, what was to be expected of-an irregular
convention, one got up by the legislative author-
ity of the Territory—a legislative authority which
was set at defiance by a large portion of the peo-
ple—one which they had resolved they would not
recognize, and scarcely acquiesce in ? But, as it
was done, how was it done ? It turns, out, on
examination, that in half the Territory no oppor-
tunity was afforded to the people to vote for del-
egates to the convention at all. The people in
half'the Territory have never (seen heard on this
question. Can it be expected, then, that they
will abide by the decision of the convention ? Can
it be expected that a people who have never been
heard on the question of whether they will be
admitted into this Union or not, shall submit to
be forced into the Union? Sir, it never can be
expected. In regard to this point, the President,
in his message, says:
" The convention to frame a constitution for Kansas met
on the first Monday of September last. They were called
together by virtue of an act of the Territorial Legislature,
whose lawful existence had been recognized by Congress
in different forms and by differentenactments. Alargepro-
portion of the citizens of Kansas did not think proper to
register their names and to vote at the election for dele-
gates ; but an opportunity to do this having been fairly af-
forded, their refusal to avail themselves of their right could
in no manner affect the legality of the convention."
I admit the truth of the President's proposition
that if a full and fair opportunity had been given
to the people of the Territory to vote for delegates
to the convention, their refusal to do so could, in
no manner, be taken advantage of by them; but
what is the fact in reference to that point? Gov-
ernor Walker in his recent address, in treating of
this point, uses the language which I will read,
and Mr. Stanton, the acting Governor of the Ter-
ritory, in communicating with the Territorial
Legislature at its present session, says the same
thing. Governor Walker says:
<£I have heretofore discussed this subject mainly on the
question that conventions are not sovereign, and cannot
iightfully make a State constitution without submission to
the vote of the people for ratification or rejection; yet surely
even those who differ with me on tins point must concede,
especially under the Kansas-Nebraska bill, it ia only such
conventions can be called sovereign as have been truly
elected by the people and represent their will. On reference,
however, to my address of the 16th September last, on the
tax-qualification question—a copy of which was immedi-
ately transmitted to you for the information of the Presi-
dent and Cabinet—it is evident that the Lecompton con-
vention was not such a body. That convention had vital,
not technical defects m the very substance of its organiza-
tion under the terntorial law, which could only be cured,
m ray judgment, as set forth in my inaugural and othei ad-
dresses, by the submission of the constitution for ratifica-
tion or rejection by the people.
" On reference to the Territorial law under which the con-
vention was assembled, thirty-four regularly organized
comities were named as election districts for delegates to
the convention. In each and all of these counties it was
req inred by laiv that a census should be taken and the voters
registered ; and when this was completed the delegates to
the convention should be apportioned accordingly, in nine-
teen of these counties there was no census, and therefore
there could be no such appoitionment thereof delegates
based upon such census. And xn fifteen of those counties
theiewas no iegistry of voters. These fifteen counties,
including many of the oldest organized counties of the
Teriitory, were entirely disfranchised, and did not give and
(by no fault of their own) could not give a solitary vote for
delegates to tlie convention. This result was superinduced
by the fact that the Territorial Legislature appointed all the
sheriffs and probate judges 111 all these counties, to whom
was assigned the duty by law of making this census and
registry. These officers were political partisans, dissenting
iioin the views and opinions 01 the people of these counties,
as pioved by the election 111 October last. These officers,
from want of funds, as they allege, neglected or refused to
take any census or make any registry in these counties, and
therefore they wei e entirely disfranchised, and could not and
did not give a single vote at the election for delegates to the
constitutional convention.
"And here I wish to call attention to the distinction,
which will appeal in my inauguial address, in reference to
those counties wheie the voters were fanly registered and
did not vote. In such counties, where a full and free op-
poitunify was given to register and\ote, and they did not
choosc to exercise that pnvilege, the question is very dif-
ferent ftou) those counties where there was no census or
registry, and no vote was given or could be given, however
anxious the people might be to paiticipate in the election of
delegates to the convention. Nor could it be said these
counties acquiesced, for wherever thoy endeavored, by a
subsequent census or registry of their own, to supply this
defect, occasioned by the previous neglect of the territorial
officers, the delegates thus chosen were rejected by the con-
vention. I repeat, that m nineteen counties out of thirty-
four there was no census. Tn fifteen counties out of thirty-
four ther* was no registry, andnot a sohtaiy vote was given,
or could be given, for delegates to the convention, in any
one of these counties. Surely, then, it cannot be eaid that
&uch a convention, chosen by scarcely more than one tenth
of the present voters of Kansas, represented the people of
that Territory, and could rightfully impose a constitution
upon them without their consent. These nineteen counties
in which there was no census constituted a majority of the
