1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Green.
Senate.
no power until Congress enables them to cojne
into the Union.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not say that they
had not power. They had the powerto meet and
petition, and all that.
Mr. GREEN. Did you not say that they had
no power?
Mr. COLLAMER. Not authoritative.
Mr. GREEN. I understand the Senator. He
spoke of their political rights, because there is a
difference between a mere physical act and a
moral and political right. They have a physical
ability to gather m mass meeting', and utter ex-
pressions, if they have the power of articulation,
and physical power to draw up a petition and pre-
sent it to Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. And a political right.
' Mr. GREEN. And a political right t© present
it. But what political right have they to forma
State government at any time? Never till Con-
gress says so? He shakes his head. Can they
do it before? Can they do this before Congress
passes a provision giving them power to do so ?
Mr. COLLAMER. They may meet, form a
constitution, and present a petition to Congress
with the constitution for admission under it; but
it is for Congress to say whether they will admit
them in their discretion.
Mr. GREEN. There is no difficulty about this
subject when we come to a proper understanding.
The admission of a State is one thing; the form-
ation of a State another. Congress cannot form a
State. Congress, therefore, cannot give power
to the people to form a State; for they cannot con-
fer a power they do not possess. If, then, there
ever is a power in a Territory to form a State,
from whom is it derived? Not from any sister
States, because they cannot create another State;
not from the Federal Government, because it can-
not create a State. Then, from whom is derived
the power to create a State ? From Heaven; that
is the source of the power. An enabling act was
given to the people by Him, and Him only. It
has been held by the wisest statesmen m this Gov-
ernment that life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness are the inalienable rights of man; and that
to secure these rights,governments areiustituted,
deriving their just poweis—from whom? From
Congress? From a sister State? From an en-
abling act? No; but deriving their just powers
from the consent of the governed, and whenever
the consent of the governed is given, the just
power has been conferred, and they (the gov-
erned) are the people of the Territory. They can-
not, however, force themselves info the Union.
That Territory belongs to nil the States, and Con-
gress is the administrator of it. The people of
the Territory cannot appropriate the public Sands
to themselves. They cannot oust the rightful
jurisdiction of the Federal Government. There-
fore, an assent, either by admission or otherwise,
must be given by Congress before the independ-
ence, the sovereignty of the State becomes com-
plete; but the power to form a government is an
original inherent power which they may of right
exercise when their numbers justify.
If they may thus exercise it; if it be an original
power; if it be an inherent power; if it be an in-
alienable power; then it is a legal power. True,
they cannot establish a government that would
abrogate the Federal power. They cannot be
brought into collision with Congress, because as
the ownership of the Teriitory is in iho States,
and jurisdiction over it is in Congress, the assent
of Congress must be had cither before the forma-
tion, or after the formation of the State govern-
ment, and the one is as regular as the other; as the
past history of the Government proves.
In the next step of this proceeding, (for that
territorial government has been indorsed byCon-
gress, and ail the authorities of this Government,)
the Territorial Legislature passed the convention
act—that one of whieh the Senator from Illinois
spoke, when he said it was just and fair m all its
provisions. It provided for a registry; a legistry
was taken—fairly taken. Those objections which
have h^eu urged to it have been so completely and
so fully and £>0often answered, that I really do not
like to stop and do it now. I have answered them;
my colleague has answered them; the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has answered them;
various other Senators have answered them; and
the Senafor from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] has
answeved them; proving the employment of terms
by our opponents in this question, which may not
be designed, but which are calculated to convey a
false impression to the public mind. They say,
generally, that nineteen counties only were regis-
tered, and nintecn unregistered. Now, the em-
ployment of language like that—I will not say is
designed—but it is calculated to make the public
at a distance—not in the city of Washington —
but the public at a distance—believe that half the
people were disfranchised, when there is not one
word of truth in it.
Now, if we desire to investigate, according to
the facts, and present the facts to the country, why
do wc not speak of the people ? Did you want
unpopulated counties represented in convention?
I thought it was the people whose rights you talked
about protecting, jand not the barren hills and
wastes, the pran les and the swamps. They have
no voice in it, and ought not to have any. They are
the creatures for the use of man, and not the mas-
ters; they.are to be used by man, and are given for
his accommodation and benefit. All of the nine-
teen counties that had any inhabitants at all were
attached to other counties, except two or three,
and from them the registering officer was driven
off. This is established by abundant evidence.
In all of them only one thousand four hundred and
twenty-three votes were given at the 4th of Jan-
uary election under a qualification of voters which
would not have permitted them to vote for the del-
egates to the convention. The qualification for
those who should vote for delegates to dl{% con-
vention was, that they should be citizens of the
United States, and residents of the Territory on
the 15th day of March. The qualification of those
who voted on the 4th of January was, that they
should then be inhabitants of the place. Now, if,
with this broader latitude, with tins free license
for people to come in, through the influence of
the emigrant aid societies, with all the machin-
ery of importation, they could at this later period
only manufacture one thousand four hundred and
twenty-three votes, when there was no restraint
of law as to the number polled, how many could
that same locality have polled with the qualifica-
tion required under the convention act 011 the 15th
day of June preceding? I am assured, by good
authority, not over live hundred So that it dwin-
dles into mere insignificance. But, whether large
or small, whether great or little, it resulted from
their own acts, as is proven by the testimony of
Secretary Stanton and others.
Then the convention is elected. It legally as-
sembles. It performs its work. The people adopt
the constitution finally, as they had a right to do,
in pursuance of the principles incorporated into
the organic act, as Senator Douglas, in his own
language, asserts they were to settle these ques-
tions for themselves, by representatives chosen
for that purpose. Not by a direct vote of the
people; not bv a subsequent submission to a
popular vote; but, though he attributed that idea
of President Buchanan to his absence from the
United States, as a fundamental error, still his
own report says they are to settle it by their rep-
resentatives, chosen for that purpose. Just m
that way the people of Kansas did settle all ques-
tions pertaining to their domestic institutions, ex-
cept the questiuii of slavery; and that question was
submitted 10 a subsequent vote of the people, on
the 21st of December.
What is arrayed against all this 3 What im-
putation is made against this proceeding5 What
is to lesson the force of it? Why, says the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] there were
broken pledges; the}7 had a right to stay away
and not vote; they had assurances from the Presi-
dent, assurances from Governor Walker, assur-
ances from Governor Stanton, and pledges from
the candidates, tnat the constitution, when framed,
should be submitted to them for ratification or re-
jection. I called upon the Senator at the time,
and requested him to favor me with the evidence
of his assertion. He did not have time to pro-
duce it then, but I suppose he will, if he can, at a
more convenient season. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. CollamerI went off and hunted up a
little item, and brought it up here for his colleague,
but that does not even reach the case. I know, ,
and the country kiaows, that Governor Walker
preferred that the constitution should be submit-
ted; but Governor Walker never did assume to
. pledge to the people that it should lie submitted.
Mark the difference. Governor Walker says to
them, if the convention does not submit the con-
stitution, I promise you 1 will oppose its adoption;
but that very assertion shows that he understood
the convention were not bound to do it, for it im-
plied a doubt whether they should submit it or
not. Do you tell me that amounts to an as^ur-
; ance that the constitution should be submitted ?
. There is nothing like it on the record; and when
! gentlemen make the assertion, they make it with-
: out any evidence upon which to found it. Even
I Governor Walker, with his strong proclivities to
; invite the action of emigrant aid societies, to rush
! out a population to vote down the constitution or
: vote out slavery—even he,m his own zeal, never
,i undertook to pledge to the people that it should
j! be submitted to them for a vote. He preferred
I, it, he advocated it, lie urged it; but he had no
!i power to pledge that it should be submitted, and
he never did.
How is it with Governor Stanton ? Governor
Stanton, on the contrary, said expressly and ex-
plicitly that the distracting question of slavery
ought to be submitted, and that was as a mere
question of policy. Now the convention, I sup-
pose, had more confidence in Governor Stanton
than in Governor Walker. I presume so from
their action; for they acted on the suggestion of
Governor Stanton, adopted the constitution finally
in all its branches, and in all its parts, except the
article on the subject of slavery, and that they
/ submitted to a vote of the people. But neither
Governor, nor Secretary, nor President, norany-
; body else, had any right to dictate to the conven-
i: tion'any part of their action, either in the form of
;j the constitution, or the mode of its adoption.
i| The election took place on the 21st of Decem-
' ber, and the character of that election is a great
!' bono of contention. I can show, by Governor
i Walker's own position, that the question which
ij constituted the real matter of controversy was,
II shall there be slavery or no slavery? Is there any-
jj thing else in controversy before the Senate? Is
| there anything else that stirs up the least feeling,
:• even in the Republican party, save and except
,j this slavery question ? Not one particle. Every-
: 1 thing else is hunted up with eager anxiety merely
I as make-weights, as it seems to me; but there is
1 not one single valid objection pointed out. On
, the 21st of December, then, the question wassub-
' nutted. To disfranchised counties, or to but nine-
!! teen counties ? No; but submitted to every county
!; in the State, submitted to every citizen of the
■ 1 State, whether he had been registered or whether
he had not been registered. 1 have before said
that those who failed to register themselves com-
mitted a wrong in their own light. But the Sen-
ator from Veimont said that the argument re-
:j minded him of an anecdote of a boy who could
'{ not count the pigs because one of them keptrun-
1ning about all the time. Now, if that pig had to
:1 give his name to be registered, and would not do
it—what then ? How register him?
Mr. COLLAMER. Count him.
Mr. GREEN. But if the law says that he
j! should give his name to be registered, so that when
]l he came up to vote it might be known whether he
11 was entitled to do so or not, how could you as-
! certain his name without he gave itJ That is the
cause of all the difficulty. Now, it is a fact not
' to be controverted, that they did refuse to be re-
1 gistered, and the imperfect registration was the
m result of their own wrong. But whether right or
wrong, whether it was the fault of the officers or
i' the fault of the people, when the great question
,, was submitted, whether registered or unregis-
j; tered, whether entered upon the poll-list or not
1 entered upon the poll-list, all were allowed to come
and vote. Why did they do it? It is said they
anticipated fraud. Anticipated fraud! A ma-
jontyanticipate thataminority would whip them!
it is not a part of the American character; nordo
,! I believe that to have been the reason, nor does
anybody here on cither side believe it; but if true,
it amounts to no excuse.
ij But, says the Senator from Illinois, why did
i they not submit the whole constitution? J:Ie
, answers the question himself by saying the only
reason given, was that it would bs voted down.
