160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23.
counties of the Territory, and these fifteen counties in
wluch there was no registiy gave a much larger vote at the
October election, even with the six months' qualification,
than the whole vote given to the delegates who signed the
Lecompton constitution on the 7th of November last. If,
thenj sovereignty can be delegated, and conventions, as
such, are sovereign—which I deny—surely rt must be only
in such cases as when such conventions are choscn by the
people, which we have seen was not the case as regards
the late Lecompton convention. It was for this, among
other reasons, that in my inaugural, and other addresses, J
insisted that the constitution should be submitted to the
people by the convention, as the only means of curing this
vital defect in its organization."
It seems, then, that the President of the United
States has based his views in favor of the author-
ity of the convention on the fact that the people
of the Territory in electing it had a full ana a fair
opportunity to vote; but an examination of the
facts and the history of the transaction shows they
had no opportunity whatever to vote; and the fur-
ther fact appears that when the people, with art
honest desire to participate in this election, had a
registry and census of their own made, and voted
for and elected delegates, and those delegates
asked for admission into the constitutional con-
vention, the members of that body rejected them
becausc they were not elected in accordance with
the territorial law.
Sir, how docs it appear, how can it appear,
that the people of the Territory of Kansas have
been properly heard through the delegates to the
convention, when one half of the people have had
no opportunity to vote at all? This, I think, may
weii be considered by Congress a vital defect.
On this point I beg leave to submit an argument,
published in the Washington Union, on the 7th
of July last, to prove that no such authoiity as
is now claimed for it could exist on the part of
the convention, and that it would be unsafe and
unjust to allow Kansas to be admitted into the
Union under the action of that convention with-
out a submission of the constitution to the peo-
ple. The Union, on the 7th of July, said:
u We repeat that the constitution of Kansas must come
from the people of Kansas. Othei power to make such an
instrument there is not under heaven.
44 But the (Jeorgia convention, withotudenying this great
principle, seems to think that the coiit-titution of Kansas
oight not to be submitted to a dirrct vote ol the people in
iht'tr primary capacity. We admit that this is nor m all
cases u sine qua non. It is a lair presumption (if theie be
no cmuiiHtanecs to repel it) that a convention ot delegates
chosen by the people will aet in neeoidance with the will
of their constituent*. When, therelore, theie is no serious
dispute upon the constitution, cither in the convention or
■anion" the people, the power or the delegates alone may
put it in operation. Hut such is not the case in Kaunas.
The most violent struggle this country ever haw upon the
most impoi taut lv-ue which the constitution is to determine,
has been going on theie lot seveial je.us between paiuen
bo evenly balanced that both claim the majority, and so hos-
tile to one another that nuineious lives have been lost in the
contest. Undei these cneuinstances, there can be no Mich
ttnng as ascertaining clearly, and without doubt, the will of
the people in any way, except by their own direct expres-
sion of it at the polls. A constitution not subjected to that
test, nomattei what it contains, will never lie acknowledged
by us opponents to he anything hut a fraud A plausible
color might he given to tin's assertion by the mgument that
members ot the convention could have no motive torie-
lusing to submit their work to their constituents, except a
consciousness that the majority would condemn it. We
confess that we should find some dithculty m answering
this*. What other motive eouid they have?
"We do most devoutly believe, thin unless the constitution
of Kansas be submitted tolhe direct vote of the people, the
unhappy controveisy which has heretofore ra ed in that
Temtoiy, will be piolonged for nil indefinite time to conic.
We arc equally well convinced that the will of the majority,
wbethei it be for or against slavery, will finally tnuinph,
though it may he after yeais of strife, disastrous to the best
inteiests of the country, and dangerous, it may be, to the
peace and safety of the whole f !mon.
i% Again: This movement of the territorial authorities to
fonn a constitution is made, nor in the regular way, in pui-
suanec of an enabhuir and authoiizmg act of Congiess. but
in the meie motion ot the Terntoual Legislature itself. Na,\,
it has been begun and earned on tn the teeth ot a refusal by
Oongioss to pa<^ such an aet. This niegulatity i.- notlatal.
Theie are othet ca-cs in which it was overlooked. But it
can be waived only in consideration of the fact that the
people have exploded then will in unmistakable language
It we dispense with the legal lbinisof pioceedings, we must
have the .substance.
kk We think, for the«c reason-, that Governor Walker, tn
advocating a submission of the constitution to a vote ot the
people, acted with u isdom and justice, and lollovved the
only line of policy winch pi onuses to settle tins vexed ques-
tion either rightly or satisiactonly. I n this respect, at least,
he has done nothing woithy of death or bonds.
'• But who are the people ? What shall be the qualifica-
tions ol a voter on the constitution, when it comes to be sub-
mitted? We answei that thi&islortheeonvenuon to settle.
Tho«e who think that the convention might declare the
constitution m full force by virtue ol their own will, can
haidly deny that they might append to it a condition leqmr-
ing it to be fust appioved by the people, if they can do this,
they can also say what classes of persons shall be counted
as being a pan of the people. The convention that formed
the Federal Constitution exercised this power when they
referred it to their constituents [the States] and prescribed
that their approbation should be given or withheld by State
conventions. The constitution of Virginia was submitted
to the votes of men enfranchised by the convention for the
first time. Of course, the Kansas convention will see that
every proper guard is thrown around the legal voter, and
that his bona fide intention to remain m the Territory is
tested by a previous residence of sufficient length. We
should say that the qualifications required to make a legal
voter under the constitution ought to entitle an inhabitant
to vote upon it—for or against its adoption."
I propose, next, Mr. President, to consider a
suggestion which was made by the Senator from
Missouri, that, as a legal proposition, fraud is not
to be presumed—it must always be proved. As
a legal proposition, that is true; but it is equally
certain that fraud, like every other fact, is to be
proved by any legitimate evidence that bears up-
on the question. I propose, now, to examine the
character and the conduct of the convention. I
have already said something as to the mode in
which it was elected and organized. I propose,
now, to take up its own conduct as found, first,
| in the constitution it has prepared; and second,
| in the declarations of its members. I intend to
l show, what I am thoroughly convinced of myself,
j that the convention intended a trick and a fraud
j upon the people of Kansas. First let me speak
! of the mode of submission. '
I While the constitution framed at Lecompton
declares, on its face, that it shall be submitted to
the people on a particular day for adoption or re-
jection it provides that it shall be submitted m a
manner which puts it out of the power of the
people to reject it. Every man who votes upon
that constitution at all must vote for it. Not a
vote at the election in regard to the constitution
can be given against it.
More, sir; the constitution framed at Lecomp-
ton lays down the qualification of voters at the
election which was to have been held on Monday
last. It provides that every free white male in-
habitant, of the age of twenty-one years, on the
day of the election, shall have the light to vote;
but suppose a man is challenged, what then? Is
it provided that he shall swear that he is an in-
habitant of the Territory, on that day, and that
he is a free white male citizen, twenty-one years
old? No, sir; not a word is to be asked him on
that point; notasingle question is to be addressed
to him to ascertain whether he possesses the qual-
ifications of a voter winch the constitution has
laid down, but he is to " take an oatii to support
the Constitution of the United States, and to sup-
port this constitution, if adopted, under the pen-
alties of perjury under the territorial laws." Is
any man prepared to say that this provision is not
inserted to deter every one from voting who will
not swear to support the Lecompton constitution '
It is presented to the voter as a whole; and al-
though, after inspection of it, he may say that it
contains provisions exceedingly repugnant to his
judgment; yet, for the purpose of voting upon
the question that is submitted, whether slavery
shall hereafter be introduced into Kansas or not,
he makes up his mind to shut his eyes to those
provisions that are obnoxious, and avail himself
of the privilege of voting, but he is stopped at the
door of the {dace where he is to deposit his vote
and challenged. Then he has to swear that he
will support every provision of that constitution
if it shail be adopted; and it cannot fail to be
adopted. It must be adopted, if no more than fif-
teen votes shall have been given for it, because no I
man can vote against it; and every man who takes !
tiie oath and votes is subjected to the pains and
penalties of perjury, if, at any time afterwards,
he shall exercise the privilege of a freeman by
seeking fo overthrow it. For what purpose was
this provision inserted if it was not to deter any
white male inhabitant in Kansas, of the age of
twenty-one years, from voting for or against thef
introduction of slavery unless he swears to sup-
port every provision of the instrument?
I object to the manner of submission. The
schedule provides that the constitution shall be
submitted to all the people of the Territory on the
day of election, for acceptance or rejection, and that
they shail vote, constitution with slavery," or
" constitution with no slavery;" and if the votes
headed <{ constitution with no slavery" prevail,
" slavery shall no longer exist in the State of Kan-
sas, except that the right ot property in slaves
now in this Territory shall in no manner be inter-
fered with." What is the right of property in the
slaves now there? It is the right to their service
and the service of their increase as time goes for-
ward. They may multiply by tens, by hundreds,
and by thousands, and this constitution provides
that the right to them shall in no manner be af-
fected. Is that in accordance with the provision
of the constitution that slavery shall not thereafter
exist in Kansas ? Is that a fair submission of the
question of slavery or no slavery to the people
of Kansas?
If the convention, in submitting that question,
had said, " If the ballots ' constitution with sla-
very5 shall be found to be in the majority, slavery
shall exist in Kansas, except that all children
hereafter born shall be free, and every person in
Kansas shall be free after the 4th day of July,
38G4," would any pro-slavery man in Kansas,
would any one, say that was a fair submission of
the question of slavery? Would it, in the lan-
guage of the Nebraska bill, " leave the people
perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way?" Yet, would not
that be equivalent to the present form of submis-
sion, simply changing sides ? Is it the number of
slaves in a State that determines its character as
a slave State, or is it the tenure by which they
are held?
To show that the same opinion which I enter-
tain as to the result of the submission of the sla-
very clause, in the mode in which it is submitted,
is entertained in other quarters, I will read an
extract from a letter published in the Jackson
Mississippian of November 27, written from Le-
compton on the 7th of November:
Arid then they united upon the plan of submission
presented m the majority repoit of the committee on the
schedule, and, aftei some iinmatenal amendments,s put it
through.' ir is tins: the constitution shall be submitted
to all the white male inhabitants of the Temtoiy over the
age of twentv-onc years on the 21st of December next, for
ratification oi rejection, m the following manner: the voting
shall be by ballot, and the baliots cast at said (Jectionshall
be indorsed < ('.institution with slavery,'or 'constitution
without slavery and if it shall appear upon examination
ot the ictuins by the president of the convention, to whom
they aie to b<j made, that a majority of the votes cast be in
favor of the constitution with slaveiy, he shall have the
constitution, so ratified, tian«mitted to Congress. But if a
nujoiity shall be in favorot the constitution without slavery,
then the article in the constitution piovuling for slaveiy
shall, by the president of the convention, be stueken out, and
slaveiy shall no longer exist in the State of Kansas, (except
that the light of piopetty in slaves now in the Teiritoiy shall
m no manner be mteifeied with ) And the constitution,so
ratified, shall be sent to Congress. Provision is also made
reqtining that any one pioposmg to vote at said election
shall, on heinjf challenged, take an oath to suppoit the Con-
stitution of the United States and this constitution, if lati-
fied.
Thus you see that whilst, by submitting the question in
this loi m, they are bound to have a unification of the one or
the other, and that while it seems to he an election betw een
a free-State and pro slavery constitution, it is in fact but a
question of the future mt induction of slavery that is in con-
tioversy; and yet u furnishesourfnends in Congiessabasis
on which to ret>t their vindication of the admission of Kan-
sas as, a State undent into the Union; while they would not
have it. sent dncetly from the convention
lk It is the ver\ best piopo>uion lor making Kansas a slave
State that was submitted for the consideration of the con-
vention. In addition to what I have stated, it embraces a
piovj^joii continuing in fotee all existing laws of the Tem-
toiy until repealed by the Legislatuie of the State to be
elected under the provisions of this constitution."
The Lecompton National Democrat, of No-
vember 19th, published on the spot, says:
"The Constitution.—We publish this instrument to-
day in full. It occupies almost the whole of oui available
space, and ptccludes the possibility of any extended re-
marks.
v£Our opinion of the final action of the convention, as
briefly given m our last issue, has not been changed by such
an examination of the constitution as we have been able to
give it W c still think that the whole subject should have
been submitted to tiie people. But, at all events, the slaveiy
questiou should have been fully and fanly put to the people
foi then decision. Tins, as wc understand it, has not been
done. No matter how the people max> vote, if /Aw constitu-
tion should prevail, Kansas mil he a slave State. We would
not object to this result if the people should so will it; but
we think they should have a full opportunity to determine
the charactcr of the institutions of the new State."
A reccnt number of the Charleston Mercury
substantiates this view in these woids:
'• We lay before our leaders this morning the message of
die President of the United States, ft is, as was to be
expected, an able document, sound in almost all of its posi-
tions, and worthy of the Chief Magistrate of our great
eonfedeiated Republic. The main point of difficulty and
delicacy is m the affairs ot Kan*a->. He thinks that the
convention of Kansas, in submitting only the clause m the
constitution lelatmg to slavery, haVfulfilled what he sup-
poses to be the requisition ot tiie Kansas iVebiaska aet.
We are equally satisfied with the action of the convention.
"We dift'ei, too, with the Piesident as to what is submitted
to the vote of the people. Wo do not think that the ques-
tion of slavery or no slavery is submitted to the vote of the
