2270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
states the case as it should be. I presume in the
Senator's own State the people acted directly
upon their constitution at the ballot-box. That
is the organic law. if they did not there, they
have done so m most of the States of the Union;
not, perhaps, in their original formation of their
governments, but as the people have gone on and
advanced in popular government. The honora-
ble Senatorseemsto be opposed to democratizing;
iti other words, he is opposed to popularizing our
institutions; he is afraid to trust the control of
things to the people at the ballot-box. Why, sir,
the organic law which confers all the power upon
your State Legislatures, creates the different di-
visions, different departments of the State. The
government are controlled at the ballot-box, and
tiie doctrine set forth in the constitution of Ala-
bama is, that the people have a right to abolish
and change their form of government when they
think proper. The pnncipleisclearly recognized;
and on this my honorable friend and myself dif-
fer essentially. 1 find asimilardoctrme laid down
in a pamphlet which I have here.
" In the convention that framed the Constitution of the
United State*, GouverneurMorris said, that * Property is the
main object of society.' Mr. King said, • Piopcrtv is the
primmy object ot society.' Mr. Butler contended stioiu-
ously that ( Property was the only just mea.-uier of repre-
sentation. This* was the great object of government; the
great cause of war; the great means of carr>iug u on.'
Mr. Madison said, that ' In future times a great majority of
the people will not only be without landed, hut any oihei
sort of property. These will either combine under the in-
fluence of their common situation—in winch ca-c the right
of property ami the public liberty will nor he 'secure m their
hands—or, what is more probable, tlicv will become the
tools of opulence and ambition.' Gouverneui Mom* again
said, *'give the votes to the people woo have no property,
and they will sell them to the rich who will he able to buy
them. We should not con fine our attention to the present
moment. The time is not lar distant when tin*, countiv will
abound with mechanic* mid manufacturers, who \\ ill ie-
eeive their bread from their employers. Will Mich men be
the secuie and faithful gunidinus of liberty {' Madison ie-
mark**. that those who opposed tin* property ha=i- of repte-
eenuuioii. did «o on the ground that numbersof people was
a (air index to the amount of property in any district."
These are not notions entertained by me; but
they are important as the notions of some of our
public men ot the early formation of our Govern-
ment. \ entertain no such notions. If, however,
the Senator from Alabama holds that property is
the main object and basis of society, he, above all
other men, ought to go for this bul, so as to place
every man in the possession of a home and an in-
terest in his country. Tne veiy doctrine that he
lays down appeals to him ttumpci-tongucd, and
asks him to place those men in a condition where
they can be relied upon. His argument i-* unan-
swerable, if it ho turn, in favor of the homestead
bill. It is taking men out of a dependent con-
dition; u is preventing this Government from
sinking into that condition that. Rome did in her
decline. I ask him now, if he entertains these
opinions, as promulgated in his speech, to come
up and join with us in the passag£of this bill, and
make every man, if possible, a property-holder,
interested in hiscountry ;give lum a basis to settle
upon, and make him reliable at the ballot box.
His speech is a fine production. I heard it with
interest at the time it was delivered. I hold the
opposite to him. Instead of the voice of the peo-
ple being the voice of a demon, I go buck to the
old idea, and I favor the policy of popularizing all
our free institutions. We are Democrats, occu-
pying a position here from the South; we start
together, but we turn our backs upon cach other
very soon. His policy would take the Govern-
ment furtherfrom the people. I go in a direction
to popularize it, and bring it nearer to the people.
There is no better illustration of this than that
old maxim, which is adopted in all our ordinary
transactions, that " if you want a thing done, send
somebody to do it: if you want it well done, go
and do it yourself. " It applies with great force
in governmental affairs as m individual affairs;
and as we can advance and make the workings
and operation of our Government familiar to and
understood by the people, the better for us. 1 say,
when and wherever it is practicable, let the peo-
ple transact their own business; bring them more
in contact with their Government, and then you
will arrest expenditure, you will arrest corrup-
tion, you will have a purer and better Govern-
ment.
I hold to the doctrine that man can be advanced;
that man can be elevated; that man can be more
exalted in his character and condition. We are
told, on high authority, that he is made in the
image of his God; that he is endowed with a cer-
tain amount of divinity. And I believe man can
be elevated; man can become more and more en-
dowed with divinity; and as he does he becomes
more God-like in his character and capable of
governing himself. Let us go on elevating our
people, perfecting our institutions, until democ-
racy shall reach such a point of perfection that we
can exclaim with truth that the voice of the peo-
ple is the voice of God.
' As I said, I have entertained different notions
from those inculcated by the honorable Senator.
If 1 entertained his notions, then I should be for
the homestead. I hold in my hand a document
that was proclaimed in 1776:
" We hold these truths to be self evident: that all men
arc created equal; that ihev are endowed by their Crpator
with ceitain inalienable rights ; that among these are life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiges-i: tii.u to secure these
i igltts uovernmerits tire instituted among men, deriving their
just powers from the consent of the governed."
Is property laid down there as the great element
and thp great basis of society ? U is only one; and
Mr. Jefferson laid it down in the Declaration of
I ndcpundonce, that it was a self-evident truth that
government was instituted— for what? To'protect
men in fife, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
That is what Mr. Jefferson said. And who in-
dorsed it? The men who framed the Declaration
of Independence, not going upon the property
idea, that that was the only clement of society.
This was the doctrine established by those who
proclaimed our independence. Life, liberty, and
the pui suit of happiness were three great elements
of government, and not pronerty exclusively.
When the declaration cam-1, forth from the old
Congress hall, it came forth as a column of fire
and light. It declared that the security of life and
liberty and the pursuit of happiness, were the
three great elements of government. Mr. Jeffer-
son, m his fust inaugural address, which is the
greatest paper that luis ever been wiitten m this
Government, and I commend it to the reading of
tlu e who say they are Democrats, by way of re-
freshing their memories, that they may understand
what arc correct Democratic principles, says:
" SometuiK' -iiis-* nd that tnou '*annot bo ti titled with the
uoveinment of himself. Can he. tnen. be tiu-t>'d with the
go\ ci nmeutol othets ? Or have we found angeh m ihc foi m
ol km#* to govern him ? Let htstmj answ ei tin-, question."
Mr. Jefferson seems to think man can be trusted
with the government of himself. In the Declara-
tion of Independence he does not embrace prop-
erly; in fact, it is not referred to. Hut I am will-
ing to concede thai it is on.- of ilm primary and
elementary puncipley in government. Mr. Jef-
ferson declares the great truth that man is to be
trusted; that man is capable of governing himself,
and that he has a right to govern himself. In the
same inaugural address of Mr. Jefferson, we find
the passage usually attributed to Washington's
Farewell Address, which has got universal circu-
lation—that we should pursue our own policy;
that we should promote our own institutions,
maintaining friendly relations with all, entangling
alliances with none. Let us carry out the doc-
trines of the inaugural address of Mr. Jefferson;
let us carry out the great principles laid down
in the Declaration of Independence, which this
homestead bill embraces.
But I wish to call attention to some other au-
thority on this subject. As contradistinguished
from tho views of the Senator from Alabama, I
present the views of a recent writer as m accoid-
ance with my own notions of Democracy:
" The Democratic party repiesents the gie.it principle of
progiess. It ir, onwatd and outward in its movements, it
has a heai t for action, and motives for a vvoild It eousti
tutes the pnuciples of diffusion. and i.s to humamtv what
the cenmuigul lotce is to the levolving oibs oi a umvcsu
What motion k to them, Demociacv is to pimciple. It m
the soul in action. It conforms to the piovidence of God
It ha*, confidence m man, and an aihdmg re'ianea m his
lush destmv. It seeks tho largest hb.-rty, the greatest aood,
ami the sanest happiness. It nuns to build up the great
mteiests of the many, to the lea -t dcuiment ot the few. It
remembers the pa^t, without neglecting the present, it
establishes the present, without fearing to ptovide for the
t'utuie. It cates tor the weak, while it peimits no injustice
to the stiong. It conquers the oppressor, and piepareb the
suhjectb of t,\ ronny tor freedom, it melts the boot's heart
■to meeknes>, and reconciles ms mind to knowledge. It dis-
pels the clouds of ignoiunce and superstition, and prepares
the people tor instruction and self lcspect. It adds wi-dom
to legislation, and unmoved judgment to government. It
Uvor.s enterprise that yields a reward to the many and an
industry that is peimanent. It is the pioneer ol humanity—
the conservator of nations. It fails only when it ceaae3 to
be true to itself. Vox popitli vox Dei, has proved to be both
a proverb and a prediction.
" It is a mistake to suppose that Democrat may not be
advanced under different lorms of government. Its own. it
should be remembered, i? the highest conventional foim,
that which precedes the lofty independence of the individ-
ual spoken ot by the Apo-tle to the Hebrews, who will need
govei nment i?ut from the law which the Lord has placed in
ins heart.
" In one respect, all nations are governed upon the same
principle; that is, each adopts the foim which it has the
understanding and the power to sustain. There is in all a
greater or lesser power, and it requires no profound specu-
lation to decide which will control. A tyrannical dictator
may do more to advance the tnie interests of Democracy
than a modeiate sovereign who is scrupulously guarded by
an antiquated constitution ; for the tyrant adds vigor to his
opponents by his deeds of oppression.
" The frequent question as to what form of government
is best, is often answeied without any reference to condition
or application of punciples. There can be properly but one
answer, and yet the application of that answer may lead to
gi eat diversity of views.
" When it is asserted that the democratic foim of govern-
ment is^tlriquesnonably the best, it must be considered that
the answer not only designates the form preferred, but im-
plies a confident belief in the advanced condition ot the
people who are to he the subject? of it. It premises the ca-
pacity for self control, and a coriespondmgdegiee of knowl-
edge in regard to the lights, balances, and necessities, of
societv. It involves a discriminating appreciation of the
varied duties of the man, the citizen, and the legislator. It
presupposes a reasonable knowledge of the legitimate means
and ends of government, enlarged views of humanity, and
of the elements of national existence.
£k The democratic form of government is the best, be-
cause it* standard of moial requisition is the highest It
claims tor man a universality ot interest, liberty and justice.
It is Chi inanity, with us mouutam beacons and guides. It
is the standard of Deny based on the eternal principles of
truth, pa-s-nta through and iUtter above ihc vielding clouds
of iguoianee, into tho icgtons of infinite wisdom. As we
Itve on, this ' pillar of the cloud by day, and the pillar of
fue by night,' will not be taken from before the petuple, but
stand immovable, immeasurable, and in the brightness of
its gimy continue to shed mcieasing light on a world and a
umveise.
••The great objects of knowledge and moral culture of
the people arc among its most prominent provisions. Prac-
tical religion arid lehgious freedom are the sunshine of us
growth cind glory. I lis the sublime and mighty standard
spoken of by the Psalmist, who exclaims, in the beautiful
language of poetical conception:
'•'•The Lord is high above all nations, and his glory above
the heavens. Who is like unto the. Loid our God. who
dwelleilr on high ; who humblcth hum-elf to behold the
things that ate m heaven and in the eatth ? He raiseth up
the poor out of the dust, and htrcth the needy out ot' tho
dunghill, that he may set him with princes, even with the
princes of the people.7
•'To say that man is not in a condiiiou to leahze or to
appreciate such a standaul, is to admit its necessity. To
object to rts loity requisitions, is to establish its authority.
The standaid for a vvoild should be in harmony with the
attributes of Deity, above and beyond the present wants of
humanity. ,
'• To s-ay that an ignorant and immoral people are capa-
ble o! self government, is asserting ihat government may
be administered without knowledge and without, justice.
Such a proportion is admitted by no one; and is, thcietore,
inadmissible in all discussions as to what foim of govern-
ment is best.
-• Democracy is a permanent element of progress, and is
present everywhere, whatever mav be the temporary form
of the ruling power. Its inextinguishable fires firstbui.a lorth
in an empire, and its welcome light* cheei the dark domains
of despotism. While tviants hate the patnot and exilehim
Irom their contracted dominions, the spirit of Democracy
invests hmi as a missionary of humanity, and in-pnes hnn
with an eloquence which moves a world. Its hghtiungiaya
cannot be hidden ; its presence cannot he banished. Dic-
tators, ktn2s,and emperors, aie but its servants; and, as man
becomcsclevatcd to the dignity of self knowledge endcon-
nol, their administration ceases. Their iule indicates an
linperfcctstateof society, and may be icgaided as the moral
props of the build"i\ necessai v only to sustain a people in
their different periods of growth. One cannot speak ot them
lightly, nor indulge in language that should seem to deny
their fitness as tile tm-mirneiusofgoodrn the hands of Prov-
idence. Then true position may be best gathered liom the
prediction which 18 based upon a knowledge of the past and
present condition of man—that all kingdoms and empires
mim cease, whenever a people have a knowledge of their
right®, and acquire the psnvet of a piactical application of
principles. Tins is the work of time. Jt is the wotk of
constant, repeated trnl. The child that attempts tostepan
hundtcd tunes ffnd talh ; the new fledged bud that tries its
feeble wings again and again before it is able to swe< p the
circle of the sky with its kindicd flock, indicate the simple
l:uv upon which all strength depends, wheihci it be the
stiength of an insect, or the stu-ngth of a nation.
'• F>eeau«e a people do .not succeed m changing tlrm form
of government, even alter repeated tt tals. we arc not to inter
that they >ne indulging m mspiacticablc experiments, nor
that they will be disappointed m ultimately leahzms the great
objects of then amb.tion. Indeed, all failures of this clasg
are indicative of prog-essive endeavor. They imply an in-
creasing knowledge oft he tt lie dignity of man, and a giowmg
disposition to engage in new and more and more ditucn't en-
deavor. These endeavors aie but the exercise of a nation,
and without them, no people can ever command tho ele-
ments of national existence and of self-epntiol. Hut inqui-
ries m regard to so extensive a subject, should be shaped
within more practical Hmus." *-*>•<•*■
- The tnuniplis of Demoeiacy constitute the way-marks
of the woiid. They demand no e\tianeou? element of en-
duianee (Iv peimaneney, no fietmons splendor lor embel-
lishment, no boriowed greatness for alotv. Onginaungin
the inexhaustibly squrees of power, moved by tlie spun or
