THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1358.
New Series No. li.
people. Whether the clause in the constitution is voted out
or voted in, slavery exists and has a guarantee m the consti-
tution that it shall not be intcifered with; whilst, if the
slavery party in Kansas can keep 01 get the majority of the
Legislature, they may open wide the dooi for the immigra-
tion of slaves. Rut this, also, is a pmall matter of dilFei-
ence with the President. It is enough lor us that he goes
with the South in the policy of admitting Kansas into the
Union, with the constitution she shall present, whether
with or without the slaveiy clause. We heartily support
his policy, although we mav not. agree m all his reasoning.
And, above <tll, we rejoice ioi the sake of our old partiality,
and our advocacy of him before he reached the illu^tnous
dignity of the Presidency, that he has not soiled his fame
by identifying it with Walker."
My view of the effect of the submission of the
slavery clause in the mode in which it is sub-
mitted, is strengthened by the proclamation of
the president of the convention, in which he pro-
claims:
" Now, therefore, be it known to the people of Kansas
Territory, that on the said 21st day of Decembei, L857, polls
will be opened in the several election districts of said Ter-
ritory, at which the actual bona fide white male inhabitants,
resident m said Teriiroiy, on said day aforesaid, shall vote
for or against the future introduction of slavery into said
State of Kansas, in the manner following, as required by
said constitution:
" The voting shall be by ballot, and those voting for Kan-
sas as a slave State shall vote a ballot with the words,4 Con-
stitution with slavery,' and those voting for Kansas to be a
free State khall vote a ballot with thrj woids,' Constitution
with no slavery."'
In the bill of rights, this Lecompton constitution
declares that all elections shall be free and equal;
and yet, as I have shown, by the schedule which
follows it, a test oath is put into the constitution,
expressly to prevent the voting of any man who
is not willing to support all its provisions. Fur-
ther, the bill of rights declares that it is an in-
alienable and indefeasible right of the people to
amend, or alter the constitution whenever they
please; but the schedule which follows says, that
whenever the constitution may be amended, they
shall not be permitted to make any amendment
affecting the right of property in slaves. Thus
while this convention lay down certain funda-
mental principles in the bill of rights, in the sched-
ule they themselves violate every one of them.
Honorable Senators who have argued the ques-
tion on the other side have cited the provision
that it is an inalienable and indefeasible right
of the people to alter or amend the constitution
at anytime; yet the schedule provides that no
amendment which may be made shall affect the
right of property in slaves.
Sir, it may be necessary forme to say—if it is,
I beg the attention of the Senate while i say it—
that I am not discussing this question with refer-
ence to my own opinions upon slavery; I am not
discussing it with regard to my own opinions on
any provision contained in the constitution; but
I am discussing it for,the purpose of proving that
the action of the convention is, and was intended
to be, a trick and a fraud upon the people of Ivan-
sas.
What else have they done in the submission
of this question to the people of Kansas ? They
have done what, so far as my research goes, never
was done, or attempted to be done, by any other
Territory in the history of this Government.
They have ignored the territorial condition, the
territoriallaws,theterritorial organization. Every
other State formed from a Territory whose his-
tory I have been able to examine, has provided
that the president of the convention should issue
his proclamation to the sheriffs or other proper
officers of the Territory to hold an election on a
certain day. the people at that election voting
upon the constitution. What has this conven-
tion done? it has provided that the president
of the convention shall appoint commissioners in
each county; that those commissioners shall ap-
point the inspectors of election; that they shall
establish the precincts, hold the election, and
make the returns eventually to him. If he is
absent or dead, or for any other reason does not
choose to attend to it, the president pro tempore
of the convention is clothed with the authority;
and if he is out of the way, seven men of the con-
vention do it.
I was not at all surprised when the Senator
11
from Pennsylvania and the Senator from Indiana
stopped at this point, and said they should be
glad to see what was done under such provisions,
in regard to an election, before committing them-
selves to vote for the admission of Kansas under
this constitution. What do you expect they
will do? What does their history show you they
have already done ? They have set the will of the
people at defiance. They have told you in their
published debates that the very reason why they
will not submit this constitution to a vote of the
people is that the people will vote it down if they
have a chance. The Washington Union, in the
article to which I have referred, asks what earthly
reason there is for withholding the constitution
from a vote of the people, " except a conscious-
ness that the majority would condemn it?'' and
the editor adds, " we confess that we should find
some difficulty in answering that." Sir, these
men have not left you to inference; they have pio-
claimed, in their own debates, that they will not
allow the factious people of Kansas to vote down
their work. One must admire them for their
couiage, if he cannot for their honesty. Theirs
is a bold position. It is this: here wo are, forty
or fifty men assembled in convention, in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, about to perform the great act of
bringing a new sovereignty into existence, about
to fix the fundamental law to govern the people;
and we know that we have so fixed it that, if it be :
submitted to their vote, they will reject it by an |
immense majority: therefore, they shall not have j
the opportunity. It is bold, but it is not inge- j
nious. It is what any desperado can do; but it is :
not honest, it is not just.
What, then, I ask, are you to expect from a
convention whose conduct is thus marked with
dishonesty, with ft mid, with trickery, from the i
time thay commenced their work down to its !
close ? Why wait to see the result of the election !
of the 21st of December, when you have the best !
evidence in the world, the light of the past con- \
duct of these men, to enable you to say what they j
will do? They will do whatever they shall deem |
necessary to effect and pet feet their act of oppres- l
sioti upon the people of Kansas. j
I have already referred to the peculiar pro vis- ;
ions under which the election of the 21st was to be ;
held. 1 will now, m addition, mention the fact that i
I have examined the laws of Kansas, and find !
there is no law to prevent fraudulent returns at that1
election. This view is taken by acting Governor 1
Stanton, m his recent message to the Territorial
Legislature:
'• The laws now prevailing inline Territory provide for the
pi oper punishment of illegal andfiaudulent \ ottng, but then*
is n<i piovi^ion which will reach the. caue of fraudulent le-
turns. The ease of the late CKfoul precinct, m Johnson
county, was an enormity so great that it has nowheie been
defended 01 justified. Vet th« evil consequences of it are
«-een 111 the fact that even the late convention has been so
iar imposed upon that, m its appoitionment for the tftate
Legwlatuie under the constitution, lthas assigned to John-
son county four lepre^enwtive*?, winch mus* neees^anlv he
based on the notonouslv false returns fiotn that county In
order to meet the appiehen.-nms naturally growing out ot
thet-e circumstance. I lecommcnd the adoption of a pi amn-
ion making it telony, with suitable punishment, for any
judse or cleik of election knowingly to place on the poll-
hooks the names of persons nor actually pte-sent and vouns,
or otheiwisc coiruptly to make rai^e letunvs, <-ither 01 the
election held by ordei of the convention, or of any other
election to be held 111 this Teuitory."
Let me ask any Senator here this question: If
there were an election in his own State upon a
matter of great political importance, when the peo-
ple were excited, and the subject itself one of vital
character, would he consent to go into an elec-
tion when tiie prime man of his opponents was to
appoint the inspectors, receive the returns, and
count the votes ? Would you, sir, submit your
liberties to any such election as that? I speak
not of a State where law, order, and honesty of
purpose have .characterized its history. But, in
Kansas, where fraud and violence, rapine and
murder, have characterized the extreme men of
both parties, would you submit to an election
held in that way? Is there a Senator here from
the South who would say, " I am willing, to-day,
that General Lane, if he be alive, shall appoint
the commissioners, and these commissioners ap-
point the inspectors to hold the election; that they
shall make the returns to Lane, and that he shall
count the votes, and declare the result of the Sec-
tion ?,} If there is a southern Senator here who
would do it, I would not; nor would I trust any
extreme man upon the other side; nor would I
trust anybody but the constituted authorities of
Kansas. Why pass over the legislative authori-
ties; why ignore the inspectors, who hold their
office by virtue of territorial law; unless it be for
the purpose of deceiving and defrauding the peo-
ple ? " Wait," says the Senator from Indiana;
" wait," says the Senator from Pennsylvania. *'I
will not commit myself," says each of them.
"Here," says the Senator from Pennsylvania,
" are large and dangerous powers given tc^fhe
president of the convention; I want to see what
he will do, before I determine what I will do."
Well, now, sir, for my part, I do not wish to wait
for that purpose. When 1 see a man who, during
his canvass for the position of delegate to the con-
vention, published over his own signature the res-
olutions of the convention that nominated him,
declaring that they would support no man for del-
egate who did not pledge himself to submit the
constitution to a free and fair vote of the people
for ratification or rejection, after the election dis-
avow, ignore, and trample under foot that avowal
winch was to get the people's votes, I do not wish
to waitany longel* to know what he will do. That
there may be no mistake as to the pledge of the
president of the convention to submit the consti-
tution to the popular vote, I submit his pledge,
signed by himself, and other candidates:
To the Democratic voters of Doublets county -•
It having been stated by that abolition newspaper, the
lleiaid of Fteedom, and by some disaffected bogus Dem-
ocrats who have got up an independent ticket for the pur-
pose of securing the vote of the Black Republicans, that the
regular nominees of the Democratic convention were op-
posed to submitting the constitution to the people, we, lbs
candidates of the Demociattc party, submit the following
resolution, which was adopted by the Democratic convoR-
lion which placed us in nomination, and which we fyHy
and heartily indorse, as a complete refutation of the slander*
above lcfened to. *
John calhorw, A. W. Jones,
W\ S. Welt,s, H. Butcher,
L. Boling, John,M. Wallace,
W. T. Hi'ioely, L. A JPra-thbr.
•LceoMPTON, Kaxsas Territory, June 13, 1857.
Resolved. That we will -mpportno man as a delegate to
the constitutional convention, who>e duties it will be to
fiann- the constitution of the future State of Kansas, and to
mold tin; p jhlicul institution?- unu'-v which w<.-,u^ a people,
an- to live, unless he pledge^ himself fully, fieelv, and
without reservation, to iw> every honoiable means to sub-
mit the same to eveiy bona fule actual citizen of Kauris-, at
the piupci time lor the vote lu'insj taken upon the adoption
by the people, m order that the said constitution may b<i
adopted or rejected by the actual settle.is ot tins Terntoiy,
as the majonlv of voteis shall decide.
A man who, after such a pledge before the elec-
tion, turns round and tramples it under foot, wilt
do anything that God has given lnm the power to
do to defiaud the people; or if he should happen
to be intimidated, ho can turn it over to the pves-
ldentpro tempore; and if ho should not happen to bo
bold enough to carry it out, he can find seven men
of the convention who will; forall history proves
that seven men will do, together, what no oils of
them would dare do alone. I may mention here
that the convention which nominated Governor
Ransom for Congress voted down, by a majority
of forty to one, a proposition to accept the consti-
tution whether it should be submitted to the peo-
ple or not, thus showing the clear understanding
of the Democratic party of Kansas that the con-
stitution should be submitted to tho^ people.
Mr. President, if the action of this convention
was to be limited to the people of Xiansas, there
might, by possibility, be some other view of it
presented, that might affect my course, but when
1 am asked to give my vote to consummate this
fraud, I answer—never. It will be seen that I have
not attached that importance to prel i mi nary action
which some men have. I have said that the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act embodies the great principle
that lies at the foundation ofonr Government. It
cannot be better expressed than it has been by the
