1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
South no good: and that is, the argument in which
the crime and pauperism existing at the North is
compaied with that existing at the South. Now
it is true, Mr Chairman, that according to the
census there is more crime and pauperism at the
North in proportion to the population than there
is at the South. But it is not true in point of fact,
in the State of Connecticut our paupers consist
of the poorer portion of the laboring classes, sup-
ported at the public expense, who are either too
young, too old, or physically disqualified for labor.
I imagine that you have iabormg people at the
South"; and 1 apprehend that your negroes, like
white men, are born, have their childhood and
their old age, have their times when they cannot
work, and when they must be supported by their
masters. I presume you have just as many of
them with you, in proportion to your population,
as w have with us; but ours go into the census^
on the lecord, and youis do not. The only dif-
ference between us is, that our paupers are sup-
ported at the public expense, and yours by pri-
vate individuals.
In regard to foreign criminals, the gentleman
says we have more of them with us than they
have with them. That is undoubtedly true. But
it will be remembered that nineteen twentieths of
all the foreigners in the country reside north of
Mason and Dixon's line; that nearly every one
that emigrates to this country emigrates to north-
ern poits. In regard to the native criminals, the
gentleman is right again. But why is this ? Is it
because there is really less crime committed at
the South, in proportion to her population, than
there is at the North ' Is it because your people
are nor just as bad, and just as wicked, as ours
are ?—I will not say more so. The very fact that
the census shows less crime at the South than at
the Not th, in proportion to the population, is
prima jacie evidence either that your laws are less
stringent or less rigidly enforced, or that the cen-
sus-taker has not been as willing to expose your
vices as ours has been. Why, Mr. Chairman,
we have laws at the North which, if you had at
the South, and enforced them, would imprison
half your people. [Laughter.] We have Maine
hquor laws, Sunday laws, swearing laws, gam- :
bling laws, lottery laws, lioisc-raemg laws, and
hundreds of other laws, which you do not have,
or, if you do, do not enforce. We used to have
a law in Connecticut which forbade a man kissing
his wife on Sunday. How would such a crim-
inal law be enforced in Georgia ? [Laughtei.]
Mr. GARTRELL. We would have no such
law there.
Mr. BISHOP. Were such a law enforced there
amongst that warm-blooded and affectionate peo-
ple,every dwelling-house would be converted into
apiison. [Laughter.] But, Mr. Chairman,! will
nut puisne these points. I trust 1 have said enough
to convince oui southern friends that we are a very
decent people m our way, after all, and that sla-
very would not improve our condition.
I have only alluded to these topics in the hope
that gentlemen would abandon such a course of
argument. The Democrats of Connecticut, and
of the North, will stand by you in all that is con-
stitutional and right, and you can ask no more.
Do not, then, gentlemen, 1 implore you, weaken
us—and by weakening us injure yourselves—
through such unnecessary and useless compari-
sons. But, Mr. Chairman, I hasten to the consid-
eration of the Kansas question.
In discussing the Kansas question, Mr. Chair-
man, I deem it unnecessary to go back any further
thau February, 1857, when a law was passed by
the Territorial Legislature providing for the call-
ing of a convention to adopt a State constitution.
1 am aware that it is claimed on the other side,
that the Territorial Legislature was a bogus Le-
gislature from the beginning and void of all 1< gal
authority. This was the claim made by the Re-
iublican party during the last presidential election,
"very Republican orator throughout the North,
with the report of the Kansas investigating com-
mittee for ins Bible, and the bogus Legislature for
his text, endeavored to convince the people that
the Topt-ka Legislatuie was the legal Legislature
of Kansas, and that the Territorial Legislature
Was a usurpation. Congress, by providing for the
payment of the members of the Territorial Legis-
lature, and by other provisions, has decided in the
most solemn manner the legality of that body.
The people of these Lnited States, by a vote of
E
two million seven hundred and fifty thousand
against one million three hundred and seventy-
five thousand, have acknowledged the validity of
that Legislature.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Congress 
Mr. BISHOP. 1 cannot yield any of my time.
The majority against the Topeka Legislature was
i one million three hundred and seventy-five thou-
| sand more than the entire vote in its favor. And
i not only this, but the free-State men of Kansas
| themselves have acknowledged the validity of that
(Territorial Legislature. Under the laws of that
; same body they, last October, elected a majority
S of the present Territorial Legislature of Kansas.
I Under those same laws, they elected the free-State
1 Delegate to this House, who now holds his seat
j upon this floor; and nota solitary memberhas been
j heard to question the light of that Delegate to his
; seat here. Thus we find, Mr. Chairman, that the
executive and legislative departments of the Gov-
ernment, that all political parties m Kansas, and
all political parties in this country, have, by their
acts, acknowledged the validity of the Terriuuial
Legislature of Kansas. The verdict of the coun-
try is unanimous on that point; and it is now too
j late to claim that the Lecompton constitution is
' null and void because the Legislature which called
it into existence had no legal authority.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is claimed that even if
the Territorial Legislature was a legal body, still
it had no power under the organic act to provide
for the calling of a convention to form a State con-
stitution. This is one of the chief arguments
which is presented by Democrats who oppose the
admission of Kansas. Upon what substantial
ground that argument is based, I must confess i
have been unable to discover. Certainly not upon
precedent, for the precedents are every way. Not
upon the Constitution of the United Stales, and
not upon any prohibitory provision in the organic
act. The Kansas and Nebraska bill, so farftom
denying any such power to the Territorial Legis-
lature, in my judgment expressly confers that
authority in plain and unmistakable language.
The President finds the authority in that clause
of the act which authorizes the people to form and
regulate their institutions in their own way, and
that would seem to be sufficient. But 1 find an
additional authority. In section twenty-two of
the Kansas bill, it is provided that the legislative
power and authority of the Territory shall be
vested in the Governor and General Assembly;
and in section twenty-four it is provided that the
legislative power and authority of the Territory
shall extend to all rightful subjects of legislation
not inconsistent with the Constitution orwiththis
act. Thefirst section provides by whom the. legis-
lative powers of the Territory aie to be exer-
cised, and the latter sections provide how far that
authority shall extend. The power granted is
general, and extends to all rightful subjects, not
inconsistent with the Constitution, or with the
!! organic act.
'! Now, will it be pretended, Mr. Chairman, that
j, that Territorial Legislature can legislate upon no
I: subject except what is specifically mentioned in
ji the act itself? The idea is ridiculous; but yet
such is theground which gentlemen must assume
j! in order todeprive the Legislature of authority to
i1 call a convention to adopt a State constitution.
I! Why, under that idea, the Territorial Legislature
|i would be a body devoid of all power—with no
]' power to incorporate cities or prescribe their
boundanes; with no power to enact criminal laws
;! and punish offenders; with no power to preserve
1 peace or protect tiie lives and property of their
i p'-ople, for not one of these powers is specifically
: mentioned in the act itself, but they are only m~
i eluded m the general clause ''all rightful subjects
I, of legislation.
in my judgment, therefore, Mr Chairman, the
legislative power of the Territory is just as lull
and ample as the legislative power of the States,
1 except m so far as it is limited by the orgamcact.
! Not one word or syllable can be found m the Kan-
' sas-Nebraska bill by which Congress reserves to
| itself the right to piescnbe the manner in which
I the people or the Legislature shall ciill a conven-
i tion to adopt a State constitution R is a *'i ight-
! fill subject of legislation," uoon which the people
I are, to act through their legal representatives, in
i my judgment, therefore, the Territorial Legisla-
! ture of Kansas hail as mueh light to^cail a con-
1 vention to adopt a Suite coiMUtuuou for Kansas
ij as the Legislature of Connecticut has to call a
i[ convention to adopt a constitution for Connec-
|; ticut.
i This legal right the Legislature of Kansas exer*
j1 cised m 1857. "They called a convention to adopt
11 a State constitution; they decided upon themum-
I ber of districts, and the number of delegates to be
i; clected from each district. Whether the appor-
tionment was equal or unequal, just-or unjust,
|! was a matter for the Legislature alone to determ-
j ine. Under this law of the Legislature, dele--
gates were elected, and by these delegates the-Le-
compton constitution was adopted. That portion
j of the constitution relating to slavery was sub-
j mitted to the people for their adoption or rejection.
ji A majority of those who voted, decided to have
i that constitution as the convention had left it.
| The convention svas not instructed by the law to
jj refer any portion of the constitution to the people.
Inasmuch, therefore, as the Territorial Legisla-
i ture was a legal body, endowed with full power
' to legislate upon ail rightful subjects, 1 cannot
, for the life of me discover upon what ground it
| can be claimed that the constitution formed by
the Lecompton convention is not a legal instru-
ment.
i Mr. LEITER. I should like to ask the gen
1 tleman a question just there.
I Mr. BISHOP. I cannot yield. But it is said,
j Mr. Chairman, that in many of the districts no
J census was taken, no election was held, and no
, votes were cast. This is undoubtedly true; and
the question arises, does the fact that several dis-
tricts were unrepresented in that convention,
either on account of the refusal of the people to
' be registered, or because the proper officers were
: by threats or fearprevented fromdoingtheir duty,
! or, if yon please, because they themselves neg-
lected or icfused to do their duty, render the del-
egates from those districts where the census was
. taken, and where an election was held, legally in-
competent to assemble in convention and adopt a
j, State constitution? I hold not. Suppose that at
[I our next election in Connecticut one third of all
|! of the towns in the State should, on account of
j' the ncghgence or refusal of their officers, fail to
open their polls, and those towns should be thus
{: unrepresented in the Legislature: will any man
t: pretend to say that the delegates elected from the
|| remaining towns would not constitute the legal
j; Legislature of Connecticut, and thai their laws
i: would not be binding upon the people? for if the
j fact that twenty towns were unrepresented makes
1 the Legislature void, the same fact would exist if
I only one town was unrepresented.
h But we are told, Mr. Chairman, that if the steps
!' were legal up to this point, still they eeased to
j' have any binding force upon the people when the
1 convention failed to submit the whole constiiu-
!; tion to the people. There is no man upon this
!' floor who has more respect for the principle of
i popular soveieignty than myself, or who will go
fui ther to secure to the people the right to govern
: themselves in their own way. But who are the
people in a legal sense, and how do they express
*i their will' Our Government is a representative
1 Government, and the will of the people is ex-
!, pressed through their representatives. Will any
■ man pretend to say that a law passed bjr the Le-
gislature of a State, to which a large majority of
;; the people are opposed, is illegal and void because
j: the people would vote it down if an oppoitumty
was o0l'red ? Most certainly not.
!' Why, Mr. Chairman,candidates are nominated
i asexponentsofthe will of their parties. Ifelected,
1' the power and authotity of the people is vested in
,, them; and even should they turn traitors to those
i! by whom they were elected, still their voice would
|i express the voice of the people. The people of
1 Kansas were askfd to form and regulate their
i; institutions in their own way. When a law was
/ passed by the Legislature authorizing delegates
, to be elected tu a constitutional convention, all
, the people were included m the invitation. They
must have known the character and the opinions
i; of the candidates. The majority refused to vote,
" and allowed the minority to elect t h'ur candidates,
the legal presumption is, that they were satisfied
. with the result. How, then, can it be claimed
' that the Lecompton constitution does not express
the kgal will of the people of Kansas ? The Le-
gislature of Kansas being a legal body, being in-
V( sted by the organic, act with full power to Jegis-
( late on all rightful subjects, having passed the law
