210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 23,
35th Cong.,.. 1st Sess.
s—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Green.
Senate.
Scriptures, convert the house of God into a reel uiting office
ior bngands to go to Kansas to stir up strife and civil war,
in order that the TtiUunc, Times, Post, and other Abolition
papers here may portray the horrors of tiie border ruffians.
These men, sent out by your Beeehers, by your Silhmans,
by your Theodore Parkers, by yourGarusons, go mtoKan-
kis, burn innocent people's hon^fs; and when the court
issues a writ against the house-burner, and when the sheriff
ftoe.s to execute that writ, they shoot down the officer of
ihe law ; screen the house-burner from the penalty of the
law, and protect him in his violence, and then talk of the
consequences and effects of the Nebraska bill. Every act
of violence that has occurred m Kansas* in re&i>tancc to ihe
officers of the law, has been either house violence, murder,
breach of the peace, or some other crime recognized as such
in uncivilized countries; hut the ' Black Republicans* have
protected the criminal in Ins lawless coui^c."
Mr. GREEN. Now, Mr. President, that is
presented as evidence to show the diameter of
those who have gotten up the opposition, who
have managed theopposition, who have controlled
the opposition. Senator Douglas well portrayed
them. When the Senator from Kentucky says
the last expression of the people ought to prevail,
I must say to him that, with some qualification, it
is correct. The last legal expression on the sub-
ject, properly submitted to the people, on which
they have a right to vote, ought to prevail, and
will prevail; but a subject having been completely
decided, no other proceeding can be instituted to
undo what has been done. Even when they did
attempt to undo it, it was by the use of instru-
mentalities like those portrayed by the Senator
from Illinois. They sought to get up strife and
bloodshed to fill the columns of the Tribune, his
present friend and supporter, the Post, and other
papers in the northern States, to manufacture
capital for political purposes. I hope the Senate
and House of Representatives will take a course
to remove these means if they desire to make use
of them for electioneering purposes, and to quiet
the subject forever.
Hut, sir, it has been said that the Legislature
instituted a commission to go around and collect
evidence to prove what frauds have been commit-
ted at the various elections, that this commission
has been perambulating the country collecting the
facts, and that these facts sustain all the charges
of fraud. I siid many weeks ago that 1 had no
doubt of the fact that in most of the elections of
the United States, frauds to a greater or less ex-
tent are committed. It is because of the imper-
fection of man. If he were perfect, there would
he no difficulty, and he would need no law. But
what I have ever said, and what I still adhere to,
is that no fraud has been established affecting the
validity of this constitution. If there were frauds
in the October election, they do not affect the con-
stitution adopted by the people; if there were
frauds in (lie election on the 4th of January at
Delaware Crossing, they do not affect any of the
proceedings in the formation of the constitution;
it' there were frauds at the election on the 21st of
December, they do notaffectit, because there was
majority enough without even the alleged fraud-
ulent votes. Why, then, shall we stop to inquire
about the proceedings of that commission ?
lint, sir, the whole action of that commission
is null and void, and entitled to no consideration
for vaiious reasons. First, the legislative author-
ity that created that commission had no jurisdic-
tion over the subject they undertake to investi-
gate. They had no jurisdiction over the election
of the 21st of December. They had no juris-
diction o\er the other elections. All that they
could do was to test the legality of their own elec-
tion. Having no jurisdiction whatever on tins
subject, any commission they may have created
is null and void, and its acts are of no weight or
consequence whatever.
More than that, they could not even swear a
man so as to bind him. They had not power to
administer an oath; and a man sworn by them,
even if he made a false statement, under that form
of oath would not he guilty of perjury. We know
the instruments they could make use of, and the
character of the persons they could call on for tes-
tiinouy. Their object was to bieak down the le-
gal constitution of the Territory. That was their
sole purpose. It was their declared purpose. It
was not tii ascertain the truth, for at one of the
examinations at Leavenworth they asked a wit-
=>10*53 whether he knew of any fraudulent votes in
rU;nt place? He icplicd, "yes, I do; four hun-
dr'-i',! came from Lawrcnce, and voted on your
side." "Oh," said the commissioner, " we do
not want to hear a word about that." The ques-
tion was asked of another, " do you know of any
illegal vote being givenHe replied, "yesj
forty or fifty Germans, living in Missouri, were
carried over by Pomeroy, and voted in Atchison
county." <f Oh, hush," said the questioner," we
do not want to know anything about that."
Mr. POLK. They were carried from Weston.
Mr. GREEN. Such proceedings were com-
mon . I attach no importance to that commission
for the reasons that I have assigned. They had
no jurisdiction, and, therefore, their acts could
have had no validity, and the oath administered
by them would have had no validity. No perjury
could be committed under it. Therefore, they
could get their own tools to swear to wha-t they
pleased; and I am not certain that they could not
get a respectable number to swear anything, even
if the oath were legal—I mean respectable in point
of numbers, not character.
But, Mr. President, if I were to follow on in a
close examination of all this, I should consume
too much time, weary the Senate, and travel over
and over again the ground others have occupied so
well. I shall, therefore, hasten on as rapidly as
I can. It has been demonstrated that a legal con-
stitution is presented. It has been demonstrated
that there is no legal evidence to prove that it does
not embody the will of the people, and that if we
depart from the legal rules we are striking at the
foundation of civil liberty. Why, then, shall Kan-
sas not be admitted ? What reason can be urged
against it? The principal part of the Opposition
on the other side of the Chamber is alone in con-
sequence of the slave question. They are now hut
carrying out, when the question is first presented
in its practical form ,what the Senator from Illinois,
with great power, said was their fixed and determ-
ined purpose in 1836. Ilere is what Mr. Doug-
las said:
What were tho«o principle* that they [that n, the Re-
publican party] proudly and defiantly pioclairned to their
opponents ? They vveie, hi-t, the le.stoinuon of that black
line e.ilh'd the J\Ij>nouii compiomisc ; secondly, the repeal
of the fugitive slave law: thirdly, the abolition of slavery
in the I)i>met of Columbia ; fointhly, the abolition of the
slave trade anions the States ; fifthly, the admission of no
moie territory oi States into thi9 Union, unless slavery was
first piohtbited ; m.mIiIv, the ciucifixion of every man who
voted tor Kansas and Nebraska."
I am afraid they have crucified one by getting
him in their embrace, I hope not; because I yet
believe that he is not influenced in his opposition
by the consideration of the existence of slavery
in the constitution. I believe it; and I believe the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] when he
makes the same assertion; and I believe the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Buoder'ck] when he
makes a similar assertion. They are governed
by one principle; but they are building up and
strengtheningadangerous party that exists in this
country, whose fixed purpose is to admit no more
slave States. The first time that practical issue
is presented, we find the Senator from Illinois, our
old leader, who has fought so many gallant bat-
tles, and gained so many brilliant victories, going
over on that issue which they tender, though he
may bo governed, and is governed, by another
consideration. The motive does not sanctify the
deed. In a moral sense, between him and his
Creator, it doubtless docs; but in a political sense,
when practical results are to follow, the motive is
a small matter. The deed is good or bad, accord-
ing to the results that follow from it. At the time
he portrayed this as the platform of the Republi-
can party, he said:
'•The Cincinnati convention had accepted that gauntlet
and has negative] everyone of th<> piopo-iuon* and has pro-
claimed a creed which meets the cordial approbation of
every Democrat in America, no matter iiom what point of
the compass he may come."
This was in 1856. In 1858 the practical ques-
tion is presented. In 1856 it was wrong to oppose
the admission of a State on account of its toler-
ating slavery. In 1858 that question comes before
the Senate of the United States, and every Repub-
lican opposes it, for, as he lias before said, their
creed is to oppose that admission; and he, for
other considerations, not on account of slavery,
cooperates in the work. Without his aid, his lead,
his guidance, in this Chamber, and his friends in
the other House, Kansas would have been a young
sister of the Confederacy many weeks ago; and
that very work which he deprecated, that very
purpose which he said constituted an issue with
the Democracy, he aids them in carrying out—
not for the same motive and reason that they
have, but in practical results it is all the same
thing.
As the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
announced to us, the real question is, shall any
more slave States ever be admitted ? The real ques-
tion for the South is not the permanent existence
of slavery in Kansas; that is but the John Doe
and Richard Roe of the case. The South, of ne-
cessity, as well as the North, with the enterprise
and energy of the American character, will need
expansion. It must have expansion. If penned
in with a Chinese wall applied only to the blacks,
with the privilege of exit to the whites, when the
country bccomes overpopulated, the disparity will
become greater and greater between the two races,
and insurrection,civil war,and extermination will
be the natural consequences. This you seek to
hasten; this the Republican party of the United
States proclaim to be their supreme purpose. To
increase their strength, to increase their hopes, to
encourage them in their prospects, our best of
friends on this question, heretofore, have gone
over to them. I speak it with extreme regret. I
will never build up the enemy of my country,
even if I do have some small objections to the
proceedings of my political friends. Even if the
proceedings in Kansas did not come up exactly
to my notions, 1 would not go to the aid of the .
enemy, on a dangerous vital point like this, that
strikes a fatal blow at the heart of our country.
My old friend from Kentucky, too, I find on
that side; not for the purpose of aiding them—I
know his patriotism too well to believe that—but
because lie ims objections to the proceedings in
Kansas. Well, whether he has objections ill or
well founded, he should not aid in building up,
and I hope he may not, a party which will, if any
party ever does, divide this Union. The more
especially am I astonished at him, in consequence
of another reason. I understand him as being
favorable to the principles of the American party.
I am no American in that sense, but I have no
hostility to them personally, and do not esteem
them dangerous, in comparison to the Republi-
cans. To one of their principles,at least,,! heart-
ily subscribe to: that no man ought to be permitted
to vote until he is naturalized. That, however,
is a question for the States, not Congress. But,
sir, this emigrant aid society seeks to abolitionize
Kansas; and their programme is to extend to ev-
ery other Territory, after succeeding there. Here
is their organization. Their purposes are declared,
and the instrumentalities they intend to use are
shown. Here is what they say in their address:
"Of the whole emigration from Europe, amounting to
some foui hundicd thousand persons, there can bo no diffi-
culty m inducing some thntv or forty thousand to take the
same direction," [to Kansas.]
They are to bring their appliances to bear on
the freshly-arrived emigrant before he becomes
familiar with our institutions and induce him to
go to Kansas to abolitionize Kansas. These are
the instrumentalities they make use of. The
Senator from Kentucky, abhorrent as he esteems
that class, as much as he thinks they ought not
to be permitted to participate in the Government,
is to encourage and aid the very party that makes
use of them to accomplish this damning deed.
How far will they be able to accomplish their
ends, by taking their stand at emigrant ships, and
catching a newly-arrived emigrant, and before he
becomes familiar with our institutions, before he
becomes imbued with the character of our Gov-
ernment, extending to him a hand and saying:
" I will help induce you to go into'a new Terri-
tory about being opened, if you will keep African
slavery out of there?"
They apply to him arguments like these: " The
African comes into competition with your labor,
and it is your interest to vote against slavery."
Thus, that class are deceived, misled, many of
them honestly misled. They have prejudices
against slavery, and they are strengthened in it if
they are taken in hand by the emigrant aid socie-
ties, whose purpose is to'keep up a relentless war
! against slavery, and against the South. They
| continue to do this by making use of the emigrant,
1 and my eld friend from Kentucky still stands by
