1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22.
for the election of delegates to a convention to
adopt a State. Constitution, having conferred on
thosedelegates full power, without limitation or-
restriction, and the'f delegate's elected not having
transcended the authority conferred upon'them,
not having violated the law under w-hich-they
were elected, I cannot, for the life of me, see how
the constitution -framed by them was not a legal
instrument. , - -
I have thus-far, Mr. Chairman, spoken, of the
constitution only as a legal instrument. The
question now arises, is it right and just, tinder all
the circumstances of-the case,.to admit Kansas
into (he Union under that constitution ? 1 care not
how strictly, in accordance with law the constitu-
tion of a State may have been framed, if the peo-
ple, whose rights are t.o be affected by it, have
never had an opportunity of engaging in its form-
ation, or of expressing their opinion upon it, I
■would avail myself of that little word " may,"
and never vote for its admission until such an
opportunity had been offered. How stands the
Lecompton constitution in this respect? Have
not the people had a full and fair opportunity to
elect just such delegates as they pleased, who
would have adopted just such a constitution as
they wanted? Has any deception been practiced
upon them ? Were they not told by the President
of the United States—were they not told, in ad-
vance, by Governor Walker and Secretary Stan-
ton—that the law providing for the election of
delegates to this convention was binding upon
them? Were they not warned ofthe consequences
in case they refused to vote? Were they not
warned not to delude themselves with the idea
that the constitution would be submitted to them
for their approval or disapproval ? Were they
not invited, urged, implored even, by Walker
and Stanton, to vote? Most certainly they were.
Why, then, I ask, did they not vote? No man
can deny that a fair opportunity was offered to
them. The faith of the Government was pledged
to insure them a fair election. The Army of the
United States was pledged to protect them against
invasions from abroad and intimidation at home.
Yet a majority, it is said, did not vote. They
staid away, and allowed the two thousand men
who did vote, to express their will for them.
Why, I ask again, Mr. Chairman, did they not
vote ?
I can toll you why. The returns were to be
made to Walker and Stanton. They were to
count the votes; and they had no reason to be-
lieve that these men would cheat and defraud
them. Why, then,I ask again,did they notvote?
Ah! the soil of Kansas had already been seized
upon by the Republican party as the proper field
for political warfare. Her trials, her sufferings,
and her blood, were necessary to furnish suste-
nance to that starving political organization. Re-
publican Senators and wire-pullers were prowling
about that Territory by dayand by night, urging
the people not to undertake to manage their insti-
tutions in their own way. The Republican press
of the whole country, from the New York Tribune
down, was giving them fatherly ad vice, and urging
them not to vote. " Do not vote!" "Do not vote!"
was the universal exclamation of those men who
are now complaining and lamenting that the dear
people of Kansas have beendeprived oftheirsover-
eignty. Why, Mr.Chairman, did they tell them not
to vote ? Ah I they knew that if they voted, Kan-
sas would be a free and prosperous State. Tliey
knew that when peace was restored to Kansas, the
days of the Republican party would be numbered.
They knew that when the wounds of " bleeding
Kansas" should be healed, the life of Republic-
anism would be extinguished. Twice previous
to the adoption of the Lecompton constitution,
was the opportunity offered to the people of Kan-
sas to assume the control and management of the
affairs of their own government. The fact that,
upon every occasion when they did vote, they
were in the majority, is conclusive evidence that,
if they had voted upon the other occasions they
would have been in the majority. An opportunity
was given to them to assume the control of the
Legislature by which the convention was called.
Opportunity was given them to elect the delegates
to the constitutional convention; and the whole
power of the Army of the United States, sent into
the Territory at their own request, was pledged
to protect them against invasion from abroad and
intimidation at home. Guided by the advice of
outside politicians, twice did they refuse the prof-
fered-boon.
After these two .distinct refusals upon-the part
of the people of Kansas to. have-anything to do
in the formation and regulation of'their own do-
mestic institutions, still, a legally elected conven-
tion of Kansas told them, " though you have de-
clined to participate'in this election, though you
have defied our authority and trampled the laws
underfoot, still your voice may yet he heard upon
that greatquestioti which has so long agitated the
country, and disturbed the peace of the Terri-
tory." They told them, " though we have the
power in our own hands, though we are anxious
to make Kansas a slave State, still we will leave
that question for you, and you alone, to determ-
ine." What was the response? "Away with
your constitution; who cares about slavery? let
us kill the whole constitution; let us undo all that
you, the legal representatives of the people, have
done; let us open afresh the wounds of' bleeding
Kansas;' let us keep up this agitation until 1860,
until, upon this sea of popular excitement, we
have wafted our candidate into the presidential
chair, and you may make Kansas a slave State
as soon as you please,"
Under these circumstances, Mr. Chairman,
Kansas presents herself for admission into the
Union under the Lecompton constitution. She
asks to be admitted under a constitution legally
adopted and republican in its form; and, so far as
the facts now appear, 1 deem it due to Kansas,
and due to the country, that she should be admit-
ted. She has been forced upon us by the action
of the Republican party as a slave State, with a
slave constitution; and after that action, they now
say they will raise the cry at the North, if she is
! admitted, " Behold how our prophecy has been
I fulfilled ! We told you the effect of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill would be the making of Kansas a
slave State. See how our predictions are verified."
Well, it is true, Mr. Chairman, she may be a
slave State in name, and in name only; and that
for a brief period. I care not how deeply slavery
may be ingrafted into that constitution; for there
is an unwritten law, far above all human consti-
tutions and laws, which must ever regulate and
control that institution. I refer to the irrepeala-
ble law of nature—climate, production, and soil.
That law I, as a northern man, am willing to
trust. We have seen its operation in California,
in New Mexico, in Oregon, in Washington, in
Nebraska, and in Utah. Under the operation of
the same law, behold slavery, limited as it is in
Kansas, and even in Missouri growing " small
by degrees and beautifully less." The South,
Mr. Chairman, will get the legal principle, and
the North the naked substance. If she is satis-
fied with the shell, we certainly should be with
the oyster.
Now, if disgrace is to attach to any party be-
cause Kansas may be a slave State in name, let
that disgrace Call upon the free-State men of Kan-
sas, and the Republican party of this country.
This dust which is being thrown before the eyes
of the people of the free States will soon be swept
away; and when they see, as they will see, that
the negligence, the obstinacy, and the rebellion of
these men have made Kansas what she is; when
they see, as they will see, that the Democratic
party was in honor bound to admit Kansas into
the Union, whenever she should present herself
with a constitution legally adopted, and repub-
lican in form; and when they see, as they will
see, that every movement on the part of the Op-
position has been to force that constitution with
slavery upon the Democratic party, in order to
heap the responsibility upon their shoulders, then
will the current of public opinion be changed; then
will the finger of scorn and indignation be pointed
at the leaders of the Republican party, and to each
one of them will the charge be brought home,
" Thou art the man I"
I have but a moment left, and I will say a word
or two in regard to the claim set up that the con-
stitution cannot be altered previous to 1864. I
take the position that, so far as the total abolition
of slavery is concerned, it is not necessary for
them to be able to change their constitution. I
claim that, under this constitution, the Legisla-
ture of Kansas can, by the mere passage of a law,
sweep slavery entirely from the State of Kansas j
without any alteration of the constitution, with-1
out any submission to the people. !
I read from the second section of the seventh
article:
" The Legislature shall have no power to pass laws for
the emancipation of siaves without the consent of their
owners, or without paying their owners, previous to their
emancipalion, a full equivalent in money foi the slaves so
emancipated. They shall have no power to prevent emi-
grants into the State from bringing with thein such persons
as are.deemed slaves by the laws of any one of the United
States or Territories, so long as any person of the same age
or description shall be continued in slavery by the laws of
tins State."
That is the only section of the constitution of
Kansas by which the power of the Legislature, in
respect to slavery, is limited or restricted. They
are only prevented from passing laws against the
importation of slaves from abroad, so long as sla-
very exists in the State. As soon as slavery is
abolished in the State, they can pass a law forever
prohibiting the introduction of a single slave.
Well, now, it is estimated, Mr. Chairman, that
there are some one or two hundred-slaves in the
Territory of Kansas. What their assessed value
would be, before a free-State jury, called together
by a free-State Legislature, I do not know; but
I imagine it would not be very high—perhaps
$50,000. If the people of Kansas cannot afford
to pay that to make Kansas a free State, then, of
course, our Republican friends on the other side
would willingly do it. But if they, too, should
decline, I pledge my word that the Democratic
party of the North will raise svtJ-cient funds for
the purpose, provided they give good security that
it shall be faithfully applied to the object. [Laugh-
ter.] But it is not necessary, Mr. Chairman, that
there should be any expense. 1 hold that every
State has a right to take possession of private
property for public use on paying a just compen-
sation therefor. The free-State Legislature of
Kansas can deem it extremely necessary for the
public benefit of Kansas that she should own all
the negroes in the State; can have their assess-
ment made by a free-State jury, and can get them
at a very small figure. Then they can turn round
and sell them to the citizens of Georgia, Alabama,
South Carolina, and the other slaveholding States,
and can realize a tremendous speculation by the
operation. [Laughter.]
Thus we see, that after all the talk of slavery
being forever fastened on the virgin soil of Kan-
sas, she can be made a free State in six weeks,
and money can be made by the operation. But
it is said, Mr. Chairman, " why force this consti-
tution on the people ?" Why, there is no force
about it. She comes and asks us to take her with
her constitution. I consider that Kansas is in a
very unfortunate condition. She is very sick.
She has been wild and wayward, and has com-
mitted many indiscretions, and it is necessary to
administer a very severe dose; and though she
may not like the remedy, though it may grate
harshly upon her sensitive nerves, and somewhat
reduce her system, yet she will soon come forth
invigorated, fresh and blooming as a new-blown
rose. She will then be at the age of maturity and
discretion, and she can become the thirty-second
wife of Uncle Sam without any charge of having
adopted the Mormon faith.
I remember, Mr. Chairman, reading, while I
was quite a boy, of a certain island which was
created by the gods in the midst of the sea, and
by them dedicated to warfare and bloodshed. On
that island the tribes from the lands lying round
about, were accustomed to assemble, in order to
avenge their wrongs and to test their strength. So
frequent and so bloody were these battles, that
the chiefs of the several nations found then- tribes
diminishing, and the glory of their kingdoms de-
parting. These chiefs assembled in council to
devise means whereby the destruction of their
tribes might be avoided and the strength of their
kingdoms preserved. After considerable discus-
sion of the question, an old chieftain, with gray
hairs, arose and suggested that they should all
kneel down and offer a fervent supplication to the
gods that they would sink the island beneath the
surface of the ocean. They did kneel down. A
fervent prayer was offered up, and in an instant
Neptune appeared on the island, struck it with
his trident, and sent it hissing and bubbling to
the depths below. The result was 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTLE obtained the floor.
Several Members. Go on; go on.
Mr. EDIE. I object. Not a syllable more;
not a word.
