1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Green.
Senate.
them. They have done it to a great degree in re-
gard to Kansas. We, of Missouri, from our prox-
imity, from the facility of our settlements over
the lme, maintained a permanent majority in the
Territory of actual bona fide inhabitants, and de-
feated their schemes up to the adoption of this
constitution, and becausc they encouraged this
sort of subsequent emigration, they now think
they have a majority. I should not be surprised
if they had; but up to that time we had the ma-
jority. By subsequent proceedings, making use
of instrumentalities like these, they sought to
prevent Kansas from entering the portals of the
Union.
Mr. President, establish this as the system, es-
tablish this as the settled policy of the Govern-
ment, by the aid of those of the South who may
have some little peculiarity of distinction, and are
called by the name American rather than Demo-
crat, still ourinterest in the great question is none
the less identical; and if ruin should overtake us
by southern defection, the fatal effects will fall upon
all alike, while execrations will follow the faith-
less. It is not the importance of holding slaves
in Kansas that is the great question; but the de-
cree is to go forth from the decision of this ques-.
tion whether the South shall be permitted to ex-
pand as well as the North. Disguise it as you
may, explain it as often as you please, proclaim
it from the house-tops, and publish it from hill to
hill, and from mountain to mountain, let it echo
and reecho over the valley that A, B, and C, did
not vote against the bill on that account, still the
public judgment will stand that it was on account
of slavery. Then Black Republicanism—I use
the term with respect—will become bolder, and
onward and onward in its career, crushing- out the
last hope of Democratic aid at the £Toi th; and will
never find its barrier until it meets the sullen, stub-
born cannon of the South.
To the Democratic party of the,North, noble,
bold, and true as they are and have been to us,
though we may differ on some peculiarities of the
proceeding in Kansas, are we to bid them an ever-
lasting farewell ? 1 trust we are not; but whether
we do or do not, is their influence to be cast in
the scale, in a cause like this, tiiat will be for weal
or for woe to the Union? Do it, and you break
down the last hope of Democracy. Do it, and
that party which has held the reins of Govern-
ment,under which we have prospered, expanded,
progressed,as no other people on the globe have,
falls powerless, scattered into forty thousand
atoms. The pride, the honor, the glory of the
party has been that it was not confined to the
South or the North; that it was not confined to the
East or the West; and I trust the time will never
come when the Democratic party will be thus cir-
cumscribed. The scorching sun of the South will
wither up Republicanism. It can fructify only in
the snows and icebergs of the North. There is
something cold in the heart that sustains it. The
warm, gushing feelings of the man that sympa-
thizes with the whole country never permits it to
find a lodgment. If, on a question like this, the
Democratic party is to be broken up and torn
asunder—if a sectional party is to be substituted
for it—if a single idea, and that idea based on the
right of Government to annihilate the property of
a citizen, is to predominate—the consequences will
be upon those who take the fatal step. However
rightful the motive may be; however praise-
worthy the object, it never can be explained; the
people cannot be deceived; they will know that
it was on account of slavery. The moral influ-
ence of this decision will be felt as decisive action
on the one side or the other. It will either be to
sustain the Constitution and rights of the people,
the rights of the South, and the rights of the
North—for if I could bound my vision by the
line that separates the slaveholding from the non-
slavebolding States, I would deserve to be thrown
out of the walls of the Capitol—or thatparty thus
expansive in its views, noble in its purposes, and
thereby powerful for good, will be broken down.
If it is done by the aid or sanction of southern
men, the consequences to the South and North
will be equally disastrous.
We are appealed to on another subject. It has
been said General Calhoun has given certificates
to the unti-slavery patty in Kansas. Well, sir,
suppose he has done so, is that a reason why you
and I shall defeat a great principle ? I told you
in the beginning that(t Kansas" is but the form
of the issue, and the name of the case. Shall we
sacrifice the opportunity of establishing a great
principle, vital to the South, and, as far as the
North depends upon the South, vital to the North ?
—for our interests arc so interlocked that they
never can be separated without injury to both. I
say this is a vital question, and the principle is
not to be affected by the election of officeholders
there. Where is the Senator, where is the mem-
ber of the House of Representatives, who wilt suv,
" I would vote to admit Kansas if my party had
prevailed in the State election? I would vote to
admit Kansas if the American party had been
elected? I would vote to admit Kansas if the
Republican ticket had been elected; but I will vote
against it if the Democratic ticket is elected
Where is the Democrat who will say, on the re-
verse," I would vote to admit it,ifthe Democrats
carried the election; but I will vote against it if
either of the other parties had carried it?"
When you act upon that principle, you vio-
late the Constitution of your country that you
have sworn to support. That Constitution gives
you a right to look into the constitution of a new
State, to see if it be republican. It does notgive
you the right to go and inquire who has been
elected Governor and members of the State Le-
gislature. With the same propriety you mi^ht
inquire whether Governor Wise has been legally
elected; whether Governor Banks has been legally
elected; and you might institute a commission
with as much propriety as the Kansas Legisla-
ture did, to see if frauds were committed in the
election of Governor Banks, or m the election of
Governor Wise, or in any State election. What
right have you, then, to look into that question ?
None; and if not, what risiht have you to vote
against the admission of a State merely because
the newly elected State officers are not such as you
approve? If the Constitution does not give you
that right, you dare not attempt to exercise it.
Again: the Senator from Illinois complained,
some two or three weeks ago, bitterly complained,
that Calhoun was here in the city, and keeping
the people still in doubt whether the Democratic
ticket was elected, or whether the Republican
ticket was elected. He absolutely complained of
that. Last night, when he addressed the Senate,
he spoke of the fact of issuing the certificates, and
he complained still louder. Why these double
complaints—in one case for not acting, and in the
other case because lie did act? It reminds me of
certain persons of whom it was said they were
11 Like unto children sitting m tiie markets and calling
unfo their follows,
" And baying, We have piped unto you, and yp have not
danced; we have mourned unto you, and ye have not
lamented.
"For John came neither eating nor diinking, and they
say, lie hath a devil.
u The son of man came eating and drinking, and thpy say.
Behold a man gluttonous, and a wine-bibbei, a friend of
publicans and sinners."
He then complained because it was not done;
and, on the other hand, he now complains still
more loudly because it is done. But I care nothing
about it in either event. It is none of my right to
stop and inquire into the election. The Constitu-
tion undet which I am acting does not give me
that privilege; and if I dare transgress the bound-
ary of my right and duty under the Constitution
in the one case, where shall I stop in any other
case ?
Now, Mr. President, I intend to close my re-
marks. My object has been to show that there
has been no fraud affecting the legality of this pro-
ceeding. That there have been frauds in all the
elections, I think highly probable; but so there
have been in New York city; so there have been
in Baltimore; so there have been in Louisville,
where, I believe, two thousand men were disfran-
chised at the last election—at least it has been so
reported; it may not be true.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to state one thing I would like to hear
him upon in this connection ?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator whether the Lecompton constitution did
not direct the canvass of the votes cast upon the
constitution itself, and in both elections, to be
made within eight days after the elections were
held; whether, in regard to the question of fraud,
he attaches no importance whatever to the delay
which has attended theascertainingand reporting
of the results of those elections. If the honorable
Senator will take it in kindness, I should like'to
hear him on that point.
Mr. GREEN. It does notembarrass me in the
least; the subject does no-t require me to be bashful.
The election on the 4th of January, for State offi-'
cers, is a question with which we have no concern.
It is an election that cannot come before us, and
I should be traveling beyond my duty,and touch-
ing upon ground that does not properly belong to
me, if I should undertake to give any opinion at
all upon the subject. Suppose the returns were
to be made in eight days. Were they or were
they not? I do not know, nor does the Senator
from New York. Suppose they were not made
in eight days: does that affect the legality of this
constitution after it has become a finality, after it
has been adopted and become an entirety ? Could
it affect any vote in this Chamber?
While the Senator from New York was asking
me this question, the momentary pause I made
brought to my mind another subject, upon which
I must say a few words. It is this: it has been
alleged on the other side of the Chamber that the
submission of the seventh article of the constitu-
tion, including the slave clause, was not a fair
submission. The people could have voted out
slavery, if they had a majority, and chose to come
forward; yet they say, if they had voted it out,
slavery would still have been retained in Kansas
as perfectly as if that articlc had been retained.
The able and distinguished Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] so completely and so tri-
umphantly answered that objection'that I should
do wroiig to undertake to improve it. I cannot
do it; it is not susceptible of improvement; it is
conclusive and unanswerable.
But there is one point growing out of the same
idea that I must notice; and that is, that point
upon which the Senator from Illinois dwelt so
long when he spoke of the right of property being
older than the Constitution, and he held that decla-
ration up to animadvert upon. He contended that
it was a fallacy; and because the Washington
Union published that fallacy, therefore he would
not vote for the editor for a ccrtain office. I do
not complain of his action on that question. He
had a right to do it. My opinion isfounded on the
Declaration of Independence: we hold these truths
to be self-evident—speaking of the white race—
that all men are created fice and equal, and en-
dowed by their Creator with certain inalienable
rights; and that among these are life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness—that pursuit of happi-
ness includes the acquisition of property; and to
secure these ends governments are instituted.
What ends ? Life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness. What does the pursuit of happiness in-
clude ? The lawful acquisition of one'sown labor;
and therefore it is before the Constitution, older
than Government, and Government cannot de-
stroy it.
I go further than that. This declaration says
these are inalienable rights. What is meant by
an inalienable right? That which a man cannot
alienate from himself: he cannot part from it. In
foiming a political association, the government
you create has just such power as you can confer
upon that government, or may confer upon that
government, or choose to confer upon that gov-
ernment. Now, if this pursuit of happiness is
one of the inalienable rights, and the pursuit of
happiness includes the right to private property,
and it cannot bo alienated, then the government
never can possess it. If government never can
possess it, and a man cannot part from it, much
less can a majority take it from a minority. I go
so far us this: if I were in Kansas and had a
horse, or a slave, or a saw-log, or a farm, or a
Yankee clock, and every man m the Territory or
State should vote to say that clock shall not he
your property; that horse shall not be your prop-
erty; that farm, or that saw-log, or slave, shall not
be your property, I hold that their vote of ninety-
nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine
against me alone would not and could not divust
me of my right. In the regulation of future po-
litical action in theTemtory you raaysay we will
