2274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mr. SEWARD. I put it in the name of the
Secretary of the Treasury, at the suggestion of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.]
The matter is properly under the control of the
Secretary of the Interior; and I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to substitute the Secretary
of the Interior for the Secretary of the Treasury.
There being no objection; the modification was
made. .
Mr. WALBR.IDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman who introduced this proposition, whether
he supposes that the whole $60,000 will be ap-
propriated for the purchase of seeds and cuttings
at their first cost?
Mr. RITCHIE. Debate is not in order; and
I object to it.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Is it not com-
petent to have a separato vote on the two provi-
sos ? , ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there, is only one proviso; and, at any rate, it
would not be in order to divide the amendment, as
it is reported as a whole.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes 113, noes not counted.
Mr. LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted; and also j
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the 1
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Page 6, line one hundred and thirty-four, before the wind
"report," mseit " ineeliameul," so that tile paiagraph will
^For drawings to illustrate the mechanical report of tlic
CommisMOner of Patents for the year 1858, $G,000.
Mr. WOODSON. 1 ask for a separate vote on
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
P.ti'e 8, line one luindiodaml eighty two. strike out "thir-
ty- tin ee," and insertloi ty-threeso that the pal ayuiph
will read: , „ . , , ,
For lighting the I'ic-sidoiit's Hou«e and Capitol, tlie pub-
iic grounds lliouud them and around the executive offices,
and Pennsylvania avenue, and Bridge atld Illgli streets, ill
Georgetown, ,$43,000.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask a separate vote on that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Page 9, strike out lines one hundred and eighty-eight and
eighty-nine, as follows :
" For repansof Pennsylvania avenue, $J,OOU."
Mr. J. CLANCY JONES. I ask for a sepa-
rate vote on that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
Page 9, strike out the lines two hundred and four, two
hundred and five, two bundled and six, and two hundred
and seven, ai follows :
<k For completing the we^t wing of the * atent Office
building, lillmg up ilic bouthwes-t corner of i.'ie s«juai<\ net-
ting ihc curi), and racing Ninth m front ot tlic build-
ing, to us proper grade, $5U,000."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask for a sepa-
rate -vote on that amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Eleventh amendment:
Strike out fiom hue two bundled and fifteen to line two
hundred and twenty four, inelu&ive, as follows :
"■ For Ihe completion of tlie Washington aqueduct,
$800,000 ; and, in addition thereto, <=o much ot theappiopn-
ation of $250,000 'tor paving existing liabilities lot the
Washington aqueduct, and presemng the work already
done from ntjuty,' contained in the act entnled ' An art
making appropriations lor cei rain civil expenses of the Gov
ernment lor the year ending 30th June. 1857,' approved 18th
August, J65G, as may not be icquircd ioi purposes "
Mr. STANTON moved to amend, by adding
as follows:
Provided, That no part of the Him hereby appropiinted
shall be expended until eontiaet^ <diall he entered into with
responsible parues foi the completion of the vvoik, which
in the aggregate tliall not exceed the amount hereby appro-
priated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the proposition to strike out.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and resulted—yeas 9o,
nays 97; as follows:
YEAS
Buftinton
Goodwin, Granger, Groepbeck, Grow, Lawrence VV. Hall,
Harlan, J. Morrison Hairis, Thomas L. Harris, Hoard,
Hopkins, I-Ioward, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W.
Jones, liello^, Kilgore, Knapp, Letcher, Lovejoy, Mc-
aueen, Humphrey Marshall. Mason, Matte«on, Miller,
Millson, Moore, Morgan, MorulJ, Edward Joy Moms, Isaac
N. Morris, Oliver A. Morse, Molt, Murray, Palmer, Feint,
Pike, Potter, Powell, Puiviance, Rojco, Ruttin, Scales,
Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Jud^on VV.
Sherman, Shorter, Robert Smith, Spmner, Stalhvorth,
Stanton, Stevenson, William Stewart, Thayer, Thomp:-on,
Tompkins, Trippe, Wade, Walbitdge, Walton, Cadwainder
O. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Watkins, VVil&on,
John V. Wiight, and Zolhcofter—95.
NAYS—MWrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Andrews, Ar-
nold, Barktdale, Bingham, Cis-hop, Bh&s, Bocock. Bowie,
Boyce, Bryan, Burliitjiame, Bums, Chaftee, Ezra Claik,
Clay, Clemens, John Cochrane, Cockenll, Cornms^ Coru-
in", James Ciaig, Curtis, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi,
Davis of Iowa, Diek, Dimmick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Eng-
lish, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Cartre I,
Gilhs, Gilmer, Goode, Gieenwood, Gregg, Haskin, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hill, Iloiton, Hushes. J Glancv Jones, Owen
Jones, Keitt, Jacob M. Kunkel. John C. Kunkel, Lamar,
Landy, Lawrence. Leidy, Leiter, Maeluy, Maynaid, Miles,
Ntblack, Nichols, Olm, Paiker, Pendleton, Peyton, Phil-
hps, little, Quitman. Reagan, Rieaud, Ritchie, Roberts,
Russell, Sandid^e, Scott, Searing, Seward, Singleton, Sam-
uel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, James A. Stewait,
Talbot, Geoige Taylor, Underwood, Ward, White, While-
ley, Wmslow, Wood, Woodson, Wortendyke, and Augus-
tus R. Wright—97.
So the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole, as amended, was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. UNDERWOOD said: I should be very-
glad to assign reasons why 1 shall change my
vote, but it is not in order. I should be very glad
to say that I am a friend of the water works,
and should be very glad to see them completed.
The reason why 1 voted in the affirmative was,
because I thought injustice had been done to the
other sections of the'country. 1 shall, however,
now change my vote, and vote against striking
out the appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
this debate, unless those on the other side are per-
mitted to assign reasons for voting in theaffirma-
tivc.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I know it is not in order.
I change my vote, and vote " no."
Mr. ClULTMAN. For the same considera-
tions which the gentleman has stated, I vote
" no."
Mr. SINGLETON. I voted in the Thirty-Sec-
ond Congress against commencing this work.
But since it has been commenced, and has got to
be completed, 1 change my vote, and vote " no."
Mr. PHELPS (who was not within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. DP;,\N. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. If I had been within the bar
when my name was called, I should have voted
to keep tin1 appropriation in ihis bill.
Mr. KliLSEY. 1 desire to state that l am
paired off, until four o'clock, with Mr. 1-H;ivart.
[Cries of " Announce the vote !"J
The SPEAKER. The vote is a very close
one, and the Clerk is reviewing it befoie the re-
sult is announced.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is itvery certain
that there have been changes enough to defeat the
amendment? I take it for granted the Clerk will
not get ready to announce the vote until there
have been changes enough to reach that result.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not seen the
report of the Clerk.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I am a friend
of this work; but as so much injustice is done to
public works in other sections of the country, I
cannot consent to disciiminate in favor of Wash-
I ington city, I therefoie chtuigc my vote, and vote
! " av."
1 rClr.GILMAN. I concur entirely with the gen-
i' tleman from Pennsylvania ill the reasons he has
b assigned, and change my vote from "no" to
" ay."
• Mr. GILMER. For the reasons assigned by
I the gentleman from Maine, I change my vote, and
I vote " no." [Laughter.]
'! Mr. PETT1T. I change my vote from " no"
! to "ay."
'i Mr. ENGLISH. To neutralize the vote of my
\ colleague, 1 change my vote from " ay "to " no."
i The vote was then announced as above re-
'! corded.
Mr. GOODE moved to reconsider the vote by
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,demanded the
yeas and nays on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GOODE withdrew the motion to recon-
sider.
Twelfth amendment:
Stiilce out line, two bundled and twenty five, as follows:
" Foi United States Capitol extension, *1,000,000 "
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 ask for a sepa-
rate vote upon that amendment, and call for the
yeas and nays upon its adoption.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hear the
paragraph as read. My recollection is that the
j committee amended the paragraph before striking
| out, and that the words as read are not those
! stiicken out.
] The SPEAKER. The only report from the
; Committee of the Whole on the state oftheUmon,
is that the paragraph which has been read be
i stricken out. The paragraph wasamended in cora-
I mittee and then stricken out, and'the only report
I which could be presented from the committee
I would be to strike out the original paragraph in
i the bill. The friends of the paragraph had the
; right to amend it, to make it as perfect as posst-
j ble. But if, after all, they agreed to strike out
i the paragraph as amended, the only report to the
I House would be on striking out the original words
! in the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I under-
stand that the text which was stricken out in com-
t mittee is not that which Ins been reported here.
I The text which was stricken out contained a pro-
viso; and the question, as I understand it, now
comes up in the House to strike out just what was
stricken out in committee.
Tlie SPEAKER. The only report which could
be made to the House would be, to strike out the
original clause in tlie bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. What be-
comes of the amendment which was agreed to in
committee ?
The SPEAKER. The original paragraph, in
spite of the efforts of its friends to perfect it, was
stricken out.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The para-
graph, as amended, was stricken out.
The SPEAKER. But the recommendation to
strike out the original paragraph was the only
report which could come to the House.
~ The question was then taken; and it was de-
-Mcmis. Abbott, Atkins, Avery, Blair, Branch, 'i Mr. GOODE moved to reconsider tne vote dj
,Burnett. Cartithers,c'u^e. Caslue,Jolin B Ohvk, j! which the House refused to strike out the para-
" ' ' r""" graph, and also move' ' ''
consider on the table.
CUnv on, Cobb, Coliax, Covode, Cox, Crawford, Curry, , <,rapl] an(l also moved to lay the motion to re-
~ ,  of Mari&aelmsetts, Dawes, Dean, . b J - , ,,
Pa\is of Indiana, Daw., .—  , , -
Dowdell, Edmundson, Famsworth, Fenton,Gilman?Goocli,
cided in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays
follows: •
YR\S — Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andtews, Atkins,
Avery, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Boeoek, Boyce, Branch,
Hi van, Butfinton, Burnett, Burnb, Campbell, Caruthers,
C.iVe, t'askie, John B. Ciaik, Clavv«.on, t-obb, Colfax, Co-
vode, Cox, Otagin, James Ciuig, Curry, Cuius, Davidson,
Davis of Indiana, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, English, Farn*-
wortli, Garnett, Gaitrell, Gilmer, Cooch , Gian«er, Giovv,
Lawience W. [hill. Harlan, J. Mouison Harris, Thomas
L. Hairis, Iiaskin, Hatch, Hill,Hopkins, Howard .Jackson,
Jenkins, Jevvetf, Geoige \V. Jones, KeJIocg. Keisev, Kil-
ffoic, Knapp, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, McQueen, [lum-
phiev Marshall, Samii'd S Marshall.Ma^on. Miller,Moore,
xMoii-an, Edwaid Joy Morris, Iwiac N. Mom?, Mott, Olm,
Palmer, Pendleton, Print, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Powell,
Pnrvmnce, Utntman. lloyce,Riitf\n, Scale". Snwaid, Aaron
Shaw, [lenrv M. Shaw, John Sherman, Jnd-on W. Sher-
man, Ilobert'Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stallwortli,
Stanton. Stevci^un.Wilham Stewait. Talbot,Gcorae Tay-
lor, Thaver, Thompson, Tompkins, Tnppe, Undenvood,
Wade, Walbudge, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, El-
iihu B. Was-hburne, Watkins, Wilbon, Wortendjke, John
V. Weight, and ZolheofFer-—114.
NAYS—-Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Arnold, Barksdale, Bishop,
Bowie, Burlimjame, Chaffee, E/.raClaik. Clemens, John
Cochuine, Cockenll, Oouim?, Comma, Oiawford, Da\ is of
Maiyland, Davi« of Misn^ippi, Davi^ of Iowa, f)iek, Dow-
dell, Durlee, Edie, Edmundson, Eustn, Fatilktier, Fenton,
Floienee, Folev, FOv <ter,Gi!]is,Gilinan.(roode, Gieenwood,
Gregir, Gioesbwck, IIo:nd. Ilouon, tlii"!)^. Iltiyler, J.
Glaiiey Jones, Owen Jones, Kent, Jacob M. Kunkel, John
O. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Lawteuce, Leidy, Maelaj,
Matte^on, Mavnatd, Miles, Mill-on, Morrill, Oliver A.
Morse, Murray. Niblaek. Nichols, Paiker, Pevton, Phelps,
Phillips, Ilicaud, Ritchie, Bobbins, Robeits, Rubscll, San-
did?e, Scott, Sealing, Shoiter. Snicleton, Samuel A. Smith,
Stephens Jain<;s A. Stewart, Ward, Israel Washburn,
White. Whitelev, Wmslow, Wood, Woodson, and Augus-
tus R. Wright—84.
So the paragraph was stricken out.
Pending the rail of the roll,
Mr. LOVEJOY stated that Mr. Leach was
detained at his room by sickness.
Mr. HILL. For reasons given to me by some
gentlemen who seem to know that this Capitol
building would not suffer by delay, and that a less
sum would do as well at present, i vote u ay."
