1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
shall adapt ourselves to it, contest every inch of
territory, and beat you in every one if we can.
You complain that we did all that we could to
induce the emigration of those in favor of free
principles into Kansas. We did so. We intend
to do so in every one of the remaining Territories.
We had and have the right so to do. You did
the same thing in the same way in relation to emi-
gration from your section of the coun try, andyou
are preparing to do it m relation to Arizona and
the other Territories. It is your right; and we
have not complained, and shall not, on our part,
that you had not the right so to do. I repeat, sir,
that this new way of settling the " domestic in-
stitutions" of the Territories is a spirit which you
called up from the political depths to serve your
purpose; and if it will not " down at your bid-
ding," surely, complaint does not come from you
with a good grace. It is true, we have more peo-
ple to spare m the settlement of the Territories
than you, and their position gives them greater
facilities for emigration; but you knew that fact
before you broke up the division line between us.
You submitted the question as to what shaie sla-
very should have in the Territoiies to the popu-
lar will; and if that popular will decides that you
shall have none, where is the wrong or injustice
in asking you to abide the arbitrament of your
choice ?
Some gentlemen tell us that slavery is a God-
ordained institution, justified by the Holy Scrip-
tures—the type of the highest civilization known;
and that if we do not desist from our opposition
to its spreading, the South intends to invade us
■with the sword in one hand, and a Bible in the
other. Now, sir, I beg gentlemen of that section
not to take offense at my interference in their
preparation for this mighty onslaught, if I sug-
gest to them that it would be better to leave their
Bibles at home. We have a good many of those
North now; and besides, sir, in such a district as
that represented by the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Gautrell,] where he says there
are fifteen thousand freemen—and I add, that to
make up a congressional representation there
must necessarily be about one hundred thousand
slaves—it would be wise to leave your Bibles for
the slaves, that they may read them and be kept
quiet by the knowledge that it is God's will that i
they should occupy their present position. After
mustering the army necessary to compete with
the one hundred thousand freemen of my dis-
trict, (if the gentleman will allow me to offset one
district against the other,) I do not see what else
he could leave to keep them quiet. Mr. Chair-
man, it may be that gentlemen are serious in these
threats of war and dissolution of the Union; but
they have been so often repeated in Congress and
have so often failed of fulfillment, that we must
be excused if we do not at this time give to them
that attention which their importance demands.
We were told the other day by the honorable
member from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] that " any
State of this Union had aright to secede at pleas-
ure." Without stopping to comment upon that
position, the gentleman will pardon me if I inquire
of him if he expects there will be apeaceable dis-
memberment of a Government like this? Does
he believe that if we were, by common consent,
to make the effoit, we could separate our entan-
gled interests so as to satisfy both parties ?
But what, I ask, do gentlemen propose to gain
by dissolution—supposing it could be peacefully
accomplished ? You have, by the compromise of
1854, got the right to all the territory in common
with us. A pcxtion of this you would certainly
lose. We now, in great part, support your mail
service; that we should no longer do. We guard
your frontier; that we should no longer do. We
pay a very disproportionate part of the cost of the
Government; you, alike with us, would be left to
pay your own. Wc hold your millions of slaves
in subjection to you; a service which we shall not
regret to be absolved from. We return the fugi-
tive, which escapes, to your service, except an
occasional one who prefers death to your higher
civilization; and we not only return them, but we
j,ay the expense of our own dishonor in this re-
spect. Now, sir, it is very clear that, in a divis-
ion, this business will be handed over to you. We
shall neither pei form it ourselves, nor allow you to
do it for your slaves upon our side of the line. And
you surely do not expeet to lessen our objections
to human bondage by absolving us from all obli-
gations to respect it as a system, and from even
indirectly yielding it support.
I tell the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,]
and I tell honorable members who threaten dis-
union, that there will be no peaceable dismember-
ment of this Government, even if we endeavored
so to have it; and the gentleman's colleague well
said that, if disunion ever comes, it will not begin
in Congress. It will begin as other revolutions
have begun—among the people. It will begin only
when the conviction is forced upon the minds of
the people that the Government, in its corruption,
has left them no hope of peaceable means of re-
dress. It will not be hastily begun, nor even by
the ordinary causes of popular outbreaks in other
Governments. We are a law-loving, law-abiding
people, Worth and South. I speak now, sir, of
the people—the masses—and not of ambitious po-
litical leaders. Were it not so, we should now be
deciding this question upon the battle-field.
But, sir, there is a point in this matter which it
will be fatal to pass; a point upon which trembles
the lives of millions of men. Should we ever un-
sheath the sword of civil strife, it will be ho com-
mon feud. We are children of the same family,
actuated by the same courage, as has been proved
upon many a battle-field, feeling the same un-
yielding determination to stand by our rights, or
fall in their defense. Sir, I believe that the page
on which is recorded the history of that struggle
(should it ever come) will be the reddest page
which God has ever permitted to be written upon
this earth I hope, I pray, it may never come.
But, sir, I may add, should it come, we of the
North are not responsible for it; we have tried to
keep peace; we have made sacrifices to this end
which few people ever made. And we will not
bo responsible for its results. If you begin a revo-
lution to spread slavery, you should not complain
if, like all other revolutions, it breaks the fetters
of the slave, and lets up the oppressed. If you
begin the war, and find in its results that your
millions of slaves, hardly now held to subjection,
shall rise up and enactupon you, your wives and
children, the awful atrocities of British India,
charge us not with the fault. We want peace,
not war; union, not discord; brotherly feeling,
not hatred. And we can have these only upon
the terms of justice and fair dealing. Sir, as dearly
as we prize these blessings, and great as are the
sacrifices which we have made, and are willing to
make, to obtain them, for one, I say—and I have
well considered the words—rather than see a con-
tinuance of the wrongs and outrages, the frauds
and villainies which have been connived at and
sustained by this Government m this matter of
Kansas, I would pieful to see an end of the Gov-
ernment, and abide the result.
Mr. Chairman, the people of the North are not
"negro worshipers," as they have been termed
on this floor. Nor are they Abolitionists. As I
have already said, they dislike your institution,
and believe it to be wrong in the sight of God,
and unworthy of the civilization of our age and
country. They would gladly assist—not force—
you to abolish it where it now exists. But the
great objection with the masses of the North, and
one which will ultimately iniitf them m the same
manner to oppose its progress that the South is
united to spread it, is the effect of this institution
i upon the growth and prosperity of tlie people—is
!j its bearing as a question of political economy.
!] These effects are no longer matter of doubt or
II speculation. Gentlemen may talk aboutthe value
! of their annual product of cotton and sugar; what
! do such facts weigh against the comparison -of
I States side by side—in wealth, in population, in
■ ! schools, in general intelligence, in all the comforts
!! and blessings of life? Weigh Virginia against
j Pennsylvania, Kentucky against Ohio, and the
; slave States which have been admitted since the
formation of the Government, against the free
States admitted within the same time, and answer
the question for yourselves. ^ There is no chance
for mistake here; lor in soil, in climate, in every-
thing you had the advantage; and yet with all
these, how far you have fallen behind !_ I do not
deny but that your system gives, in individual
instances, the very highest opportunity for im-
provement. The individual who reaps the unpaid
toil of others, may have, and will have, leisme
and inc ans for cultivation beyond that of him who
toils for his support. But, sir, we hold that gov-
ernments were made for the good of all, and that
one the best which consults the interest arid hap-
piness of all; ' In-striving to keej> the TferritoHea
free, we seek not only the interests of the people
of Kansas, but of Free laboi- et&xy^hefe.'J
I know that we aretoid by ihe hc^norabfe^S^i-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. HAMMpNi>,} that
labor is servile, and laborers everywhere slaves.
To make sure that I do him no' injustice, 1 quote
what the honorable Senator said on "that point*
i! In all social systems there must be a class to dthe
mean duties, t6 perform the drudgery of life. Thatis, a-°class-
requiring but a low order of intellect and but tfttte skill** Its
requisites are vigor, docility, fidelity. Suclia class you must
have, or you would not have that other class Vftfrcli
progress, refinement, and civilization. It constitutei the
very mud-sills of society and of political government rand
you might as well attempt to build a house>n the air, as to
build either the one or the othef, except on the mud-sills,
fortunately for the South, she found a race adapted to that
purpose to her hand. A race inferior to herself, but emi-
nently qualified m temper, in vigor, in docility, in capacity
to stand the climate, to answer all her purposes. We use
them for the purpose, and call them slaves. We are old-
fashioned at the South yet; it is a word discarded now by
ears polite; but I will not characterize that class at the
North with that term, but you have it; it is there; it is
everywhere; it is eternal.
" The Senator from New York said yesterday that the
whole world had abolished slavery. Ay, the name,.but
not the thing; and all the powers of the earth cannot abol-
ish it. God only can do it when he repeals the fiat,4 the
poor ye always have with youfor the man who lives by
daily labor, and scarcely lives at that, and who has to put
out his labor in the market, and take (he besthecSn get,for
it; in short, your whole class of manual laborers and oper-
atives, as you call them, are slaves. The difference between
us is, that our slaves me hircct for life and "well conjfpensa-
ted; there is no stai vation, no begging, no want of employ-
ment among our people, and not too much employment
either. Yours are hired by the day, not cored for, and scan-
tily Compensated, which may be proved m the most deplor-
able manner, at any hour, in any street in any of your lar^e
towns. Why, sir, you meet more beggars in one day. in
any single street of the city of New York, than you would
moot in a lifetime in the whole South. Our slaves are-black,
of another, inferior tace. The status in which we have
placed them is an elevation. They are elevated from the
condition in which God first created them, by being made
oui slaves. None of that lace on the whole face of the
globe can be compared with the slaves of the South, and
they know it. They are happy, contented, unaspiring, and
utterly incapable, from intellectual degradation, ever to give
us any trouble by then a=pirations.
" Your slaves aie white, of your own race; you are broth-
ers of one blood. They are your equals in natural endow-
ment of intellect, and they feel galled by their degradation.
Our daves do not vote. We give them no political power.
Yours do vote, and being the majority, they are the depos-
itaries of all your political power. If they knew tire tre-
mendous seciet, that the ballot-box is stronger than an army
with bayonets, and could combine, wheie would you be ?
Your society would be reconstructed, your government
reconstructed, your pi open ty divided, not as they have mis-
takenly attempted to initiate such proceedings by meeting
in paika, with arms in their hands, but by the quiet process
of the ballot-box. You have been making war upon us to
our very hearthstones. IIow would you like for us to send
lectuiers or agitators Noith, to teach the.- e people this, to
aid and assist in comhinine, and to lead them ?"
Sir, I toll you, and L tell the honorable Senator,
that the very thing which he holds up to frighten
us—viz: that those who labor will yet rule us—is
what we have already accomplished; and therein
lies the difference of our system of labor and that
of the gentleman's section. With him,power m
the hands of the laborer is his greatest dread: with
us, it is our highest boast, in his section, the
" mud-sills of society " are slaves, who would use
power if they had it, to repay long years of wrong
and degradation; with us, the " mud-sills," the
laboring men, are in power already, and usingit,
not to avenge injuries, but to perpetuate and in-
crease blessings which are common to all. Labor,
instead of being a sti<rma, is the proudest dignity
which we know. With us, those only are dis-
honored who are the drones of society, and refuse
to labor. Our laboringmeri, our " mud-sills," are
representing themselves} the gentleman can meet
them in the Senate, or here upon the floor of this
Hall; and however much ho may disallow their
claims, they will here, and everywhere, insist
that they are the peers of ail those who represent
his system of labor.
The honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Crawford,] who, I think, has made up the
strongest case upon the Leeompton side, indulged
in a course of remarkscalculated to convey the im-
pression thai all the wrongs and outrages which
had been perpetrated in Kansas were by the free-
State men. Prom the high character which the
gentleman sustains, I was prepared to hear from
him a different statement, and I was not a little
surprised when the gentleman dwelt so long and
so pointedly upon our northern " Emigrant Aid
Society,J,an(l the combinations bynorthern men
in Kansas, that he omitted, possibly forgot, to
