1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2275
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, moved that the
vote by which the paragraph was stricken out be
reconsidered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon all the
amendments in gross which were reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and upon which a separate vote had not
been asked; and they were agreed to.
Mr. ANDREWS. Mr. Speaker 
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ANDREWS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
inquire if the vote by which the water-works ap-
propriation was agreed to has been reconsidered?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. ANDREWS. Then I make that motion.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be j
engrossed; and also move to lay the motion to ;
reconsider upon the table. I
The question was taken; and the motion was j
agreed to. j
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move the previ- j
ous question on the passage of the bill. j
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman from i
New York [Mr. Andrews] has risen to a motion
to reconsider, and he cannot be superseded by
another privileged question at the same time.
The SPEAKER. The House has passed from
that stage of the bill where the motion would be
in order.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman j
from New York rose and addressed the Chair be- i
fore the bill was ordered to be read a third time, I
and endeavored to present his privileged motion. |
If his voice did not reach the Speaker it was not ;
the gentleman's fault. He submitted a privileged <
motion, in the hearing of us here, in regard to the '
Washington aqueduct—a motion which he has a |
right to make. 4 I
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New j
York rose in his place, after the bill was ordered I
to a third reading and after it was read the third j
time, and was recognized. Of course the Chair ,
would have recognized him if the Chair had been j
informed that he rose to a privileged question pre- t
vious to that time. |
Mr. ANDREWS. I rose and so stated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman so stated after |
the bill was read a third time, and not before.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman
rose in his place to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
such was his purpose.
Mr SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman so ,
stated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not so
state until after the bill was read a third time.
Mr. ANDREWS, I rose but did not make the
statement at that time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood it.
The Chair thinks the application comes too late.
If the gentleman had stated that he rose to a priv-
ileged question, it would perhaps have arrested the
ear of the Chair.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Arnold, Avery, Barksdale,
Bishop, BliirS..Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce, Brjau. Bums, Ca-
ruthers, Ezia Clark, John B. Clatk, dawson. Clay, Clem-
ens, Cockeriil, Comins, Corning, Cox, Davidson, Davi^ ot
Mississippi. Dmnmck, Dowdell, Edic, Edmundson, Eng-
lish, Eintis, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Fostei, Gartreli,
Gillis, Oilman, Goode,Gieenwood, Gregg, Gioesbeek, Law-
rence W. Hall, J. Moruson Haras, Ila kin, Hatch, Haw-
kins, Horton, Jack-on, Jenkins, J. Glancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Keitt. Jacob M Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Lamar,
Landy, Lawrence, Lcidy, Letchei, Maclay, Samuel S.
Marshall, Matte^n, Miller, Miilson, Moore, Niblack, Pai-
ker, Pendleton, Pcvton, Phelps, Phillips, Quitman, Reagan,
Ritchie, Robbing Roberts, Russell, Sandidge, Scott, Sear-
ing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Talhot,Geoige Ta^ lor. Underwood,Waid, White,
Wluteley, Wm&lovv, Wood, Woodson, Wortendyke, and
Augustus H. Wnght—10.*.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Atkm*, Bennett,
Bingham, Blair, Branch, Buffinton, Burhngame, Burnett,
Chaffee, Clemen'?, Colfax, Covode, Ciagni, Ciawtord,
Curry, Davis ot Maryland, Davisof Indiana, Dawes, Dean,
Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Pampwortli, Fenton, Garnett, Gilmer,
Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Harlan, ThomasL. Ilar-
1 is,'Hoard, ilowaid, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kellogg,
Kilgore, Letter, Love.ioy, Humphrey Marshall, Mason,
Maynaid. Morgan, Morrill, Isaac N. Mortis. Oliver A.
Morse, Mott, Murrav, Olin, Palmer, Pertit, Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Purviance, Ricaud, Rovce, Ruffin, Scales, Aaron
Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Wade, Walbridae, Walton, Cachvalader C.
Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbuine, Watkms, Wilson, John
V. Wright, and Zollicoft'er—80.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call, I
Mr. WOODSON" stated that his colleague, Mr.
Anderson, was not well, and had gone home.
Mr. CASE stated that he had paired Off with
Mr. Hughes, who would have voted in the affirm-
ative. |
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider ;
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was not .agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION".
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to what I sup-
pose to be a question of privilege. The House
will remember that the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Lovejoy] made some remarks yesterday, of
which I took some notice. In looking over the
Congressional Globe, which purports to contain
a report of the official proceedings of this House,
I find a paragraph in thatgentleman's speech which
places me in the light of having omitted to notice
that which is particularly offensive. I desire to
; read the paragraph which has been introduced
i into the gentleman's speech; and I do it for the
j benefit of the reporters, as well as for the benefit
I of the gentleman from Illinois, and as an excuse
i to my constituents for myself. Ifithad beenut-
i tered, most assuredly 1 should have noticed his
! speech in a different style fiom what I did. It is
' as follows:
! " The picture of Putnam would have been veiy well in
! the committee 100m of Revoltiuonaiy Claims, but has no
| significance where it 1*. a* H is a revolutionary remnns-
1 cence. In the place of this should have been the picture
of a western plow, with its polished steel mold boaid, with
the haidv yeoman, with one hand resting 011 the plow-
handle, and with the other holding a ?-pah ol buys, with
arched neck and neatly-tmnmcd harness. Pietuies aie sym-
bols of ideas, and this wouldjiave told to the tuturo tne pres-
ent mode of culuuc of ftee labor. At the opposite end, in
the place of Cincinnati^ and his plow, (the plow of two
thousand-yeais ago.) there should have been anegco s.lave,
with untidy clothing, with slouching g:ut, f-hutflmg along
by the side of a mule team, with ragged harness and rope
traces, drawing a banc! of water on the forks of a tree.
This would repio«.cnt the idea of slave labor. Thus we
should have a symbol of the two systems of labor now
struggling for the ascendency.1'
Sir, it is only necessary for me to say to you,
i to this House, and to the country, that there is
not one word of tiuth in this statement. I mean
that theie is not one word of truth in it, for the
reason that no such remarks were made upon this
floor.
'I MINNESOTA MEMBERS.
!i Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I gave notice, yes-
teiday, that I would to-day call up (he contesied-
|| election case from Ohio. Before I do that, how-
s' ever, I wish to present a report from the Commit-
;; tee of Elections on the Minnesota case,
'j I present to the House a report from the Com-
i' mittee of Elections, to whom was referred, under
l! the instructions of the House, the credentials of
!: the members claiming seats in this House from
j! the State of Minnesota. I ask that the report and
jj the accompanying resolution be read. If there
1 j be no objection, and unless gentlemen desire that
; the leport shall be printed and laid over for future
j consideration, I desire to have the matter dis-
| posed of now. I do not, however, urge it if it is
[[ desired to have the report printed. The minority,
I I understand, do not agree, and probably there
; | will be two minority reports embracing the views
II of the two divisions of the minority. Inowpre-
j! sent the report of the majority.
!! Mr. GILMER. I ask the indulgence of the
House to present and have printed the views of a
portion of the minority of the committee. I will
state to the House that this is a. novel case, and I
do not think that the House can act intelligibly
upon it, until these reports have been printed and
read by members.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have not been
able to agree in alt the reasoning contained in the
report of the gentleman from North Carolina, al-
though our conclusion is the same, and I desire
to submit my views that they may take 4he same
course as the other reports.
The following resolution, reported by the ma-
jority of the Committee of Elections, was then
read:
Resolved, That W. W. Phelps and JamesM. Cavanaugb,
claiming seata as members of this House from the State of
Minnesota, be admitted and sworn as such: Provided, That
such admission and qualification shall not be construed as
precluding any contests of their right to seats which may be
hereafter instituted by any persons having the right so to
do.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. As the gentleman
from North Carolina desires that the views of
those on the committee whom he represents shall
be printed, I will not press my motion to call up
the subject now.
Mr. GILMER. All I desire is that the gentle-
man shall fix some day for the consideration of
the case.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope this question will
be disposed of now. The reports are not volum-
inous. The questions involved are simple, and I
suppose that upon the reading of the reports the
House could readily come to a conclusion. Min-
nesota now presents the singular spectacle of a
State represented at one end of the Capitol and not
represented at the other. Four fifths of the ses- "
sion are already passed, Tiiis State has been ad-
mitted into the Union for ten days, and has 00
Representative upon this floor. The reports are
not long. The main question presented in the re-
ports has been discussed elaborately in the past
political history of the country, and has been the
subject of the intellectual exercises of some of the
first men of the nation. The points involved in
the reports of the gentlemen on the other side,
have been already settled by the past action of
this body, and I am satisfied that the House could
arrive at a correct conclusion in the case without
a postponement of it. I think the House owes it
as an act of justice to the State of Minnesota,
either to admit these gentlemen or to reject them.
I move that the subject be taken up, and the re-'
ports read; and on that I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to withdraw the previous
question for a moment to enable me to say a word
or two.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would withdraw it, but
! if the report is taken up, the gentleman will have
i plenty of time to express his views on the ques-
tion. f therefore decline to withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to ask
whether, if the previous question is-sustained, it
will not bring us to vote on the resolution before
the reports have been printed or even read? And
this is one of the most important questions that
has ever been brought before Congress.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 will say, in answer to
the gentleman from Maine 
; The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GILMER. I hope the previous question
! will not be sustained.
; Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Icallforteli-
\ ers on seconding the previous question,
j Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to ask
1 the Chair whether, if the previous question be sus-
j tamed, the reports in this cas^ can be read with-
; out unanimous-consent?
1 Mr. STEVENSON. My motion is that they
i be read.
! Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the previ.
1 ous question be seconded, the reports cannot be
read if any member of the House objects.
: Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
f and Wright of Georgia, were appointed.
: Mr. GREENWOOD. Can the reports be read
if the previous question is seconded?
. Mr. GROW. Of course not; a report is in the
nature of an argument.
1 The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 98, noes 93.
So the previous question was seconded.
: Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the
; ypas and nays on ordering tfie main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
| The question was taken; and it was decided in
; the negative—yeas 97, nays 102; us follows:
YE4S—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Arnold, Atkws, Barksdale,
BishoprBocock, Bowie, Boyce. Branch, Burnett, Burns,
Caruthers, Caekie, Chapman. John I*. Claifc, Siemens,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cowkeriil, Corning. Cox, James
