214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Mallory.
-Senate.
■which it was within the power of Congress to do;
and when I speak of Congress, I always speak
in the sense that they shall exercise their powers
with prudence and discretion. The Senator laughs
at this idea of sending it back. Why, sir, if it
is of any importance to us to know the will of the
people, if we desire that the will of the people
shall be the rule of the government of the people,
is it not a matter of importance, if it is left in
doubtby any proceedings that have taken place,
to repeat those proceedings until we are assured
of the public will, and then make that public will
the basis of our action? This is the right of the
people to govern themselves, and by that I stand.
There is no question of slavery involved here, as
I understand this case. That as to Kansas is a
settled question.
The Senator from Missouri is surprised at my
feelings. He says that I am loyal, and intimates
that I have had bad schooling. Mr. President, I
know my defects, and can hear them spoken of
•without the least degree of offense or resentment.
The Senator is wrong in attributing it 'to the
school in which I have been brought up. Sir, I
Jiave been brought up in the best of schools, and
if my education is still defective, it is on account
of some defect in me, and not in the school. The
fentleman is a young man, and a young Senator.
hope and I wish for him a long life of public
usefulness. He may have learned much more
than I have done, and if so, it only shows the
superiority of his capacity to learn, for I am sure
he has not been in a bettor school. Sir, this is
the school in which I was taught. I took lessons
here when this was a very great body indeed—I
will make no comparisons of what it is now, or
was then, or atany other time; but I learned from
your Clays and your Websters, your Calhouns
and your Prcstons, your JJentons and your
"Wrights, and such men. Iam a scholar, I know,
not likely to do much credit to the school in which
I was taught, and it is of very little consequence
to the world, or to the public, whether 1 have
learned well or ill. It will soon be of 110 import-
ance to this country, or to anybody. I^ut the
gentleman has a long life before him, and I trust
in God it may be full of usefulness and full of
honor—full of usefulness to his country, and that
deserved reward to himself which an intelligent
people is always sure to give lor fidelity and use-
fulness. I take not any offense at any of the al-
lusions that he has made to my uigument. His
remarks were rather maiked with kindness, for
which I thank him. He ought to know that I
have done nothing for the purpose of offending
one party or upholding another. I think I have
a right to be understood on that point—that my
action is an independent one, and that I belong to
none of these great political oignnizations. 1 am
of the American party, and I embrace their prin-
ciples of reforming the ballot-box by a change of
the naturalization laws. That is what I am for,
and therein 1 am an American. \ly their colors I
stand, and I act upon their principles here. Their
great object is to purify your ballot-box, by pre-
venting foreigners who have just arrived on your
shores, from participating in this privilege, and
putting their votes in with mine, with the natives
of my country, with our naturalized fellow-citi-
zens, who have as deep an interest in this Gov-
ernment as I have. 1 am m favor of changing the
naturalization laws, not at all in hostility or un-
kind feeling towards foreigners, but because I
wish to preserve, pure and untarnished, that
crown and scepter which 1 can never trust so con-
fidently as when held by A mcrican hands. Their
principle is to protect the ballot-box, and X go for
it here. Upon the same principle that I would
protect it against foreigners who had no right to
vote, I will protect it against anybody who under-
takes to stuff it, or to put frauds into it, or to
take frauds out of it. I am for protecting the
ballot-box; and that is the principle 011 which I
act here. The ballot-box is the only instrument
by which the people can exercise that much talked
of sovereignty that belongs to them. Iiow else
are they to exeiciseit? It is all nothing; it is
mere words; it is mere mouthful of garbage that
is uttered continually; they arc like grains of
powder put down a yard apart ail over the coun-
try. If the people are to exercise their right of
sovereignty m their own proper peisons, they
cannot do it. There must be a concentration of
it in the ballot-box. The ballot-box is the crown
and the scepter of that sovereignty which the
people possess. I wish to protect that sover-
eignty; I wish to uphold and maintain itsacredly;
and I act upon the principles of the American
party, when I stand here to give my vote against
what I consider a great outrage on the purity of
the ballot-box.
Mr. President, I have occupied more of your
time than I intended. I know that, by the cour-
tcsy of the Senate, the gentleman who introduced
this measure had a right to conclude the debate,
but I have felt myself called upon to explain the
remarks which he had misunderstood as to the
grounds of the argument.
Mr. GREEN. I do not design to make any
rejoinder to the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
1 do not believe we misunderstand each other
much. His remarks are just such as cannot pos-
sibly ruffle my feelings in the least.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Thuy were not so in-
tended at all, sir.
Mr. GREEN. They are couched in terms of
respect, as I intended to speak of him. I agree
with him entirely,that the ballot-box, and the bal-
lot-box only, is the way to ascertain the people's
will, and not through Governors who do not make
use of the ballot-box, but merely make a statement
on the ground that they have traveled through the
country and know something about it.
ADMISSION OF KANriAS.
SPEECH OF I-ION. S. R. MALLORY,
of florida,
In tiie Senate, March 1G, 1858.
[revised by himself.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
consideration the bill 10 admit the State of Kansas into
the Union:
Mr. MALLORY said:
I do not suppose, Mr. President, after the ex-
hibition we have just witnessed, in which the his-
tory of Federalism, the Hartford convention, and
u modern Democracy," are so singularly mixed
up with " border ruffianism'* and the history of
Kansas, that any effort on this side of the Cham-
ber, without the aid of a revelation from Heaven
itself, could pioduce the slightest impression on
the mind of the gentleman who has just spoken,
[Mr. King,] or those who tlnnlc with him upon
the subject before us.
If apology were needed for occupying the time
of the Senate upon so trite a subject, when speak-
ing must be so barren of results here, it may be
found in the fact that, from the introduction of the
Kansas-Nebraska-measure to the present time,
neither upon that, nor upon any of the measures
flawing from it, have I addressed this body. Nor,
sir, would I do so now, but that some little pains
have been taken to misrepresent my views upon
this subject to friends in my own State, for whose
generous support and unfailing confidence I shall
j; ever feel deeply grateful
|j Mr. President, it was my intention, after having
I heard the speech of the honorable Senator from
! New York [Mr. Seward] on this question, to
j have reviewed, briefly at least, what! considered
: a most cxtraoidinary production; but during my
| absence from this body, I find that it has been
! done so ably and so thoroughly by the Senator
I from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] and the Sena-
j tor from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] that any cf-
; fort of mine would but weaken the cffect of what
j they have said, or mar its beauty; but I must be
1 permitted to remark, that if I were called upon to
designate the speech I have heard sincc 1 have
occupied a seat on this floor, which was most cal-
culated to awaken and to cherish sectional excite-
ment, and to produce discord throughout this
Confederacy, I should have to point to this speech
! of the honorable Senator from New York. If it
was not expressly and cunningly designed to pro-
duce these results, it is exceedingly well calculated
for it. It is not a broad, candid,comprehensive,
statement of facts, argued out to their legitimate
* For the ongiual lopoit, see page 1138 Cong. Globe.
conclusions and logical deductions without regard
to where they may lead; but it isa cunning scheme
of fact and error—a web skillfully devised to bol-
ster up the policy of the Senator and his party as
to "bleeding Kansas.33
But, sir, the feature which struck me as most
offensive, in listening to the honorable Senator,
was the cold and unpromising future of the whole
production, the want of light and life throughout.
It came over my senses like cold northern blasts,
telling of an icy origin. Like a treacherous guide,
it takes us overa barren waste, arid after pointing
out all the horrors of the road, leaves us without
a ray of light to govern our future steps.
His labored recital of historical events, his rhe-
torical figures, the ornate costume of his ideas,
and his epigrammatic sentences, conductus to the
subjugation of the southern States; and he tells
us, in effcct, that if we submit to our fate grace-
fully, our death may be without terrors; but sub-
mission or not, die we must!
Sir, I speak with respect, personally, of the Sen-
ator from New York, for I have no reason to
speak of him otherwise, but in my judgment his
extraordinary speech is not a work of statesman-
ship, but approaches the confines of special plead-
ing; and I may freely say of it, that whatever there
be in it which is true, is not new; and whatever
it contains which is new, is not true. The Sen-
tor's political vision is limited by a geographical
line, and he speaks, not to his country, but to his
party. With these brief remarks I will leave it.
1 expect, Mr. President, in the few remarks
I shall make, to confine myself to the question
before the Senate. The 23d day of January,
1854, inaugurated a period of political excitement
throughout a large portion of our Confederacy,
which, still progressing undetermined, has thus
far been characterized by such bitterness, such a
spirit of rancor towards the southern States of the
Confederacy,as,in the judgment of judicious men
everywhere, is not only destroying the bonds of
our social, but is having an immediate tendency
to destroy the bonds of our political Union. On
that day the obliteration of the Missouri compro-
mise line, so called, was made a feature of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill.
A great national wrong had been done to the
southern portion of this Confederacy by the act
admitting Missouri into the Union, in 1820, the
eighth section of which provided for the prohibi-
tion of involuntary servitude, except for crime;
or, in other words, the exclusion of southern sla-
very from all that portion of the territory acquired
bv our treaty with France in 1803,which lay north
of 360 30'.
And now, when we were called upon to form
governments for a portion of this territory, and
the South's participation was demanded, she in-
sisted, as a recognition of her political equality,
upon the repeal of a measure, the unconstitution-
ality and injustice of which time had made as ap-
parent to her judgment as it was offensive to her
pride.
Standing where she has ever stood, and where
I trust she will always be found, by the Consti-
tution, she demanded nothing from the fraternal
feeling, from the forbearance of her sister States;
but she did demand, as a recognition of the polit-
ical equality of the States, the right to go with
her property into the common domain of the Con-
federacy. Upon this demand we went before the
country; and, after a heated and excited contest,
the offensive statute was wiped from the statute-
book.
This was followed by such a political storm
throughout the non-slaveholding States, as none
but a Government, resting upon the enlightened
judgment of a free people, can ever withstand.
Under the guidance of leaders, in many in-
stances as reckless and ambitious as they were
able, every element of political discord and sec-
tional strife was invoked and brought into pruri-
ent activity; and while the bench, the bar, the
hustings, and the press, entered upon one wide
crusade against the people of the southern States,
the pulpit, 110 less impious than the rest, invoked
upon them the curses and denunciations of Heaven
itself. But, sir, the South threw herself into the
contest; she knew her rights, and determined to
maintain them. She appealed to the enlightened
judgment of the American people, and there she
