2276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell, Ednmndson, Eng-
lish, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Gartrell, Gillis, Goode,
Greenwood, Gregg, Lawrence W. Ilall, Hawkins, Hopkins,-
Houston, Hughes, Huylcr, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kcitt,
Kelly, Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher, Maclay,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles, Miller, Moore, Niblack,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman,
Reagan, Ruffin, Russell. Sandidge, Scales, Scott, Searing,
Sewaul, Henry M. Shaw, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George
Taylor, Miles Taylor, Ward, Watkins, White, Whiteley,
Winslow, Wortendyke, Augustus It. Wright, and John V.
Wilght—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Bennett,
fiilfmghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Buffinton, Burfingame,
Campbell, Case, Chaftee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Coltax,
Comma, Covode, Oragin, Cuius, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, "Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Durfeo, Eustis, Fariirnvorth, Fenton, Fostei,"Gar-
nett, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger, Oiow,
Harlan, J. Moriiaon Harris,Thomas L Hams, Ilaskiti, Hill,
Hoard, Ilorton, Howard, Kellogg, Kilgore, Knapp, John C.
Kunkel, Leiter, Lovcjoy, Humphrey Marshall, Mattcson,
Maynaul, Millson, Morgan, Motull, Edvvaul Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Olin, Palmei, Parkei, PctUt, Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Ricand, Ritchie, Robbms, Rob-
erts, Royce, Jolm Sheurian, JmUon W. Shnman, Shoiter,
frq.mnerj Stanton, William Stewart, 'l'appan, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Tuppe, Underwood, Wade. Wal-
hrulge, Waliou, Cadwalad< r <J. Wa^hbuin, Ellthu B. Wa-li-
buuie, Liaol Washburn, Wilson, Wood, and Zolhcoiler—
102.
So the main question was not ordered to be now
put.
Pending tlie call of the roll,
Mr. FLORENCE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Dimmick, had left the Hall in consequence
of indisposition, and had paired off" with Mr.
Edie.
Mr. WASHBURN* of Maine. I vise to what
I suppose to be a question of privilege. This
question, of course, goes over until to-morrow.
1 wish to have the reports printed.
Mr. SHORTER. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote l y which the
House refused to order the main question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to
know what will be the effect of the motion to re-
consider? Will not the second of the previous
question stand, and the subject go over until to-
morrow ?
The SPEAKER. If the motion fails ?
Mr. WASH LjU UN, of Mnme. No, sir; if the
vote is carried, and the vote refusing to order the
mam question is reconsidered, will nut the &ul>ject
still go over until to-nmnow ?
The SPEAK {'HI. if the motion, to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table should pievail,
such would be (he result.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Hut suppose
the vote ordering the main question should be re-
considered: what would be the result?
The SPEAKER. The question will recur,
" Shall the main question be now put?"
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
As I have never before known a vot<- refusing to
order the main question to be reconsidered, 1 a«k
whether it is a parliamentary motion, inasmuch
ns a demand for the previous question is like a
motion to adjourn, which can be repeated indefi-
nitely, and is not subject to be reconsidered at all?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of oider laised by the gentleman from Vu-
ginia. Ondcr the rules of the House it is in order
to leconsider any vote taken by the House, and
as much a vote refusing to ordei the main ques-
tion as a vote ordering the main question.
Air. iSTEPH ENS, of Georgia. And it has been
a \ ery fiequent practice of the I louse to reconsider
the vote by which the mam question was oulered
to be put, when we have reconsidered the vote by
which a bill was ordered to be engiossud and read
a third time.
Mr. MILLSON". There is no doubt as to the
power to reconsider a vote ordering the main ques-
tion; but I have never known a vote refusing to
order the main question to be reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemunfiom Virginiu
will peieeive that the jeasonof the rule applies as
well where^ the House has refused to order the
mam question, as where the vote has been carried
in the affirmative. The object is to give the House <
another opportunity of deciding upon the ques- 1
tion, in consequence of the change of votes, or of
a fuller House. The reason of the rule applies
just as well when the House has refused to order
the main question, as where the mam question has
been ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. May not the demand forth©
previous question be renewed at any time ?
The SPEAKER. That would leave the House
in the same position.
Mr. STANTON. As the matter now stands,
the House having refused to order the main ques-
tion, would it not be in order at any subsequent
stage of the proceedings to demand the previous
question ?
The SPEAKER. If the House should refuse
to reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to order the main question to be put, the subject
would go over until to-morrow.
Mr. STANTON. But when the subject again
comes up, it will then be m order to demand the
previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. The decision of the Chair
is clearly right. I ask for the vote.
The question was "taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 96, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bilhnghuist, Bins-
ham, Blair, filis^. Buthriton, Binhngame, Campbell, Case,
Chaftee, Kzia Cl.uk, dawson, Coilax, Coining, Covode,
Cragm, Cuiiw, Davis ot'Maryland, Davis ol Indiana, Davis
ofMa^achUbetts, Davis ot fowa, Dawes. Dean, l):ck, Dodd,
Durlee, Eusus, FoMer, Gainett, Cilman, Gilnx'i, fJooch,
(Jiaitqer. Uiow, Italian, J. Moni^on Mains, Thomas h.
Ilan is, Ha&km, Hill, lloaid. Ilorton, Uowaid, ttelloisj, Kil-
goro, Knapp, John C. Knnkel, beiter, Lovejov, Humphrey
Marshall. Matro^m, Mayu.ird, Million, Mouran, Morrill,
fid ward JovMohn, l-wiac N. Moms, freeman li. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Munay, Olin, I'almet, Parker, I'et-
tit, Pike, I'ottei, Pottle, Purviance, liicaud, Hitciue, Rob-
bins, Itobeit^, Royce, Anion Shaw, John Shurmnii. JmNou
W. Shennan, Spinner, Stanton. William Stewait, Tappan,
Thayer,Thomp*on,Tompk me, Tuppe, Underwood, Wade,
Wallaid^e, Walton, Cudwalader C. Washburn, Klhhu B.
Wu-dibmne, Israel VVa-'hbuin, Wilson, Wood, Woodson,
and Zollieotlei—U(>.
NAYS —Me-v.^. Adrain, Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
fiaiKmIuIc, IJi&hop, t)o<_ock, I'owio. Uoytv, Htmi'Mi, Bryan,
Bunx'it, Butn--, Cmniheis, Ca^kie, Chapman, Horace F.
(Jlai k. John 15. CLulv. Olav, Cieiiien^, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Cockcnll, Coimnjj, i' \. Jatne-.Ci.nii, ButtonCtaiyc,Ciaw
toid, Cutry, Davidson, Davis; ot Mt-M^ippt. Dowdell, Ed-
mundson, thiyli.-h, l-'unlktier, FUmuice, Foley, Gartrell,
1 fiillis, (Joode, ijJiei'nwood, Gu'iitr, Lawienee W. Hall,
| Hawkins, Hopkins llou-ion. Uu<j;la>, llujlcr, Jackson,
' Jenkins, loweit, tli'omo W. Jones. J, Glaney Jone>. Owt'ii
I Jones, Keiu, Kcliv, Jacob A1. Kuttkel, Lamur, Laudy,
i Lawienee. liemv, Lrtclirr, Maclay, MeKihbm, Wamut-1 s3.
! M.u-iKil!, Mii-oii. .Mil.--, Millet, Moo.e, Pen.Ileum, Peyton,
1 Phelpv, Plnihi^, Pou ell, (inmnau, Reagan, ttuthn. Unwell,
! y;unluti e, ale,-', r'eoit, Scainuj, Sewaul, Hetuy M- Shaw,
J SShoiioi, bici\li-'j, ^ni^h'iou, S unu ,1 A. Smith, William
i Smith, Siallwui tli. Siephcii-j. Stt-ven^on, James A. St<;w-
ait, I'allioi, Ci'di'I'.ivlor. Miles Taylor, Ward, Watkins,
White, Wlut'"i,'\, Woiu-tidyke, Au^u^us it. Wught, and
i Joint V. Wiiiitii—101.
I So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
! table.
i Prndino- tltr call of the roll,
j Mr. MlLl'.S suited that his colleague, Mr. Ijun-
j iiam, was still detained from the House by mdis-
i position m his family.
| Mr. N1 [SLACK stated that he had paired off
! with Mr. (Joodivi.v.
| Mr. UfOADY stated that he had paired off with
■ Mr. McQ,uiiLN,who was detained from the House
! m consequence of illne&s in his family.
Mr. HATCH stated that he had voted; but in
consequence of an understanding with Mr. Hnv-
nf.tt, who was not now m the IIoua.o, lie should
ask leave to withdraw his vote.
No objection was made.
The question then recurred on the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the House refused to
order the previous question.
Mr. "WASLiiJUUN, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was token-, and it was decided in
the uilirmative—yeas 101; nays 9fi,as follows:
Vii \S—M"s-i-=. Ad '.in, Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
n.uk.-dah', Ui-hup, Iloeovk, 15o\vic. Dovee, 1'ianeh, 1'ur-
m'tt, Hum ., Caiujuv*, i>;ae, Chapman, John !>• Claik,
Clay, (.Memen^, Cc:-.:), Julm Cocluam1, Cot kordj, Coi nmii,
Cv>\, Juu.i's Ihtiton c> n-r, Ctaw;ord,Curiy, Davul-
-■oij. DaM- of r Ji-is«^-!ppi, Dowdell, E(lnuuid?on, English,
Pauik.'K'r, Fioi eace, t'c^H-y, Caitn. I!, Gilh5?, (iooih*, CJiet-n-
\/ood, -b.;ck, Cawieooo W. Had, Hawkins,
Hopkins, Hon-ton, tlu\ler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jew-
ett, Ccoiv W. JoneO. Ci tney J^neSjOwca Jones, Keitt,
K.'lly, Jacob M. Kuukoj,Tjainur,Iiandv,Lawrencc,I«oidy,
L-'teher, Maclay. McICihinn, Samuel S. Maivhall, Ma-< n,
Allies. Miller, Moote, Pendleton, I'eyton. Phelps, Phillips,
Po'vell, Quitmun, Iloairan, itutlin, Saraudge, Si-ales, Scott,
k'c.u inu, Seward. Itcmy Shuvv, Khoiu-r, Sicklt-s, Sinqle-
tou,Uob<*(f Smith, Samuel A, Stinth, Wilharn Smith, Stall-
wortii; Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot,
Geoige Taylor, Miles Taylor, Ward, Watkin^, White,
Whiudey, Wottendyke, Augustus li. Wright, and John V.
W light—101,
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, BiUinshurst, Bliss,
Buflinton, Burlingame, Ca&e, Challee, E^ra Clark, Horace
F. Claik, dawson, Coltax, Comin*, Covodp, Cr&gin, Cur-
tis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis ot Massa-
chusetts, Davis ot' Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dur-
fee, Eustis, farnsworth, Fenton. Foster, Garnett, Gtlman,
Gilmer. Gooch, Granger, Glow, Harlan, J. Mouison Harris,
Thomas D. Hairis, Ha^-kin, Hill, Hoard, Ilorton, Howard,
Kellogg, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leitei, Love-
joy,Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Maynard, MilNon_ Mor-
gan, Momll. Edward Joy Moiris, Isaac N. Morris/Free-
man U. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Muuay, Olin, Par-
ker, t'ettit, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ricaud, Hitchio, Rob-
btns, Roberts, Royce, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Jud&on
W. Sherman, Spinner. Stanton, William Stewan, Tappan,
Tliaver, Thompson, Tompkins, Tuppe, Underwood.Wadf,
Walbridtje, Walton, Cudwahuter C, Washburn, Klhhu B.
Wa^hbuine, Uiael Washburn, Wilson, Woodson3 and Zol-
hcolter—y(5.
So the vote by which the House refused to
order the main question was reconsidered.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Burroughs had
paired off upon all political questions with Mr.
Russell.
Mr. RUSSELL. I paired with the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Burroughs] upon all po-
litical questions. There seems to be a difference
of opinion as to whether this is a political ques-
tion or not. I ask leave to withdraw my vote.
No objection wss made.
Mr. WOODSON. I am prepared to vote for
having the Minnesota members sworn in, but I
desire to have the reports read. I therefore vote
no."
The question recurred on ordering the main
question to be put.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask that the reports of
the majority and minoiity of the committee be
read.
Mr. STANTON. Would it be in order for the
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Stevenson] to
withdraw the call for the previous question ?
The SPEAJvER. The Chair is of opinion that
the matter has gone out of the control of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Mr. STANTON. Would it be in order to re-
consider the vote seconding the pievious ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I hope this matter
will be postponed until Saturday, and that these
reports may be printed. (Cries of " No !" "No!"
on the Democratic side of the House,] Very
well; these men cannot be sworn in to-day by
daylight.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 hud no intention to pre-
vent the reports from beyig read. I ask that they
may be read.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope there
will be no objection to the reports being read.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Is it not m order
now to move to reconsider the vote seconding the
previous question ? If it is, I submit it.
The SPEAKER. The Chains of opinion that
it is not in order. The practice of the House has
been different with reference to that question.
The motion has sometimes been entertained,and
sometimes it has not. The nuuti proposition is
upon ordering the main question to be put; and
pending that, the gentleman fiom Kentucky asks
that the reports may be read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The House has
ordered the mam question to be put.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; that motion is pend-
ing.
Mr, DAVIS; of Maryland. I suppose that the
gentleman from Georgia is m error, and that, on
the contiary, the House has not ordered the main
question; on the contrary, it refused to order it;
and that vote has just been reconsidered. I sup-
pose we are now exactly in the position we were
the moment after the previous question was sec-
onded. If so, I now submit a motion to reconsider
that vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules the motion
of the gentleman from Maryland out of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I demand the yeas
and nays on my motion.
