1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
:33tii Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
found a vindication as unequivocal as it was tri-
umphant—a vindication which has since received
the indorsement and support of the highest tri-
bunal in tlie country.
In addition to the repeal of the eighth section
of the Missouri act, the Kansas-Nebraska bill
contained a clause which, in my judgment, was
as unequivocal as it was totally and absolutely
necessary; a clause which has been facetiously
tctmcd a "stump speech injected into a bill,5'
declaring that it was " the true and bona fide intent
and meaning of the bill not to legislate slavery into
am/ State or Territory, nor to exclude it therefrom;
hut to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form
their domestic institutions in their oicn way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States."
Though perfectly unnecessary at the time, it may
perhaps aid us m interpreting the whole measure.
Under this great enabling act, (for it was noth-
ing more than an enabling act authorizing the
people of Kansas and Nebraska to form their State
governments,) the people of Kansas (Jid enter
upon the formation of a State government, follow-
ing the legitimate precedents of their country.
They elected their Territorial Legislature and
Delegate to Congress on the 29th of November,
2854; and in 1855 this Legislature passed an act
ufor taking the sense of the people of the 'lerritory
upon the expediency of calling a convention to form
a Slate constitutionat the general election to be
held in (Xtobei, ld56.
The sense of the people was then taken, and it
was in favor of calling a convention.
In obedience to this indication of the will of the
pqople, the Territorial Legislature passed an act
on the 27th of February, 1851', providing for the
election of delegates on the thud Monday of June,
to foim a State constitution; and under this act,
which was singularly fair and just, providing, as
it did, for the registration of every legal voter
within the Territory,for the pui pose of excluding
outside influence, members of the convention were
elected, and nine thousand two hundred and fifty-
one qualified voters were registered.
In conformity to the provisions of this act, the
delegates to form a State constitution were legally
elected in June, 1857. They assembled at Le-
compton, and proceeded legitimately to perform
the duty for which they had assembled—the form-
ation of a State constitution—terminated their la-
bors, and adjourned on the 7th of November, 1857.
The honorable Senator from New York, who
has addressed the Senate, [Mr. King,] has chosen
to say that every one of those acts which I have
recited is characterized by illegality. I deny it
in toto. I affirm—and I have no doubt whatever
that it will be sustained by the voice of the Amer-
ican people—that neither one of those acts is
tainted with illegality. That there may have been
illegal voting,! will not deny; but that the acts of
the bona fide voters and the results of these elec-
tions are to be affected by the illegality of others,
I deny.
The convention, justly regarding the question
of slavery as the lion m the path of the progress
of Kansas, as the question which had created all
the difficulty, turmoil, and civil war in the Terri-
tory, provided—though I by no means acknowl-
edge that the convention was bound to do so—for
its submission to the popular vote; and, on the
day prescribed by the convention, it was submit-
ted to the people of Kansas, who, by their popu-
lar vote, did decide in favor of the constitution
with the slavery clause.
The constitution, thus framed, provided for a
general election on the first Monday of January,
1858, which has been held, and at which a Gov-
ernor, members of the Legislature and other State
officers, and a member of Congress, were elected
—the popular vote thus recognizing the new con-
stitution to this extent, being, as I learn, from
unofficial accounts, about thirteen thousand.
I have thus traced, step by step, the action of
the people of Kansas, her true and law-abiding
people, in the formation of their State constitu-
tion, from the passage of the Kansas bill to the
present moment, when we are informed by the
President of the United States that he has received
from the presiding officer of her convention a copy
of her constitution, and that she stands at our
doors asking admission to the Union, in doing
so, I have chosen to ignore and utterly to disre-
gard the assemblage atTopeki, and the existence
of the so-called Topeka constitution.
The individuals who met there, not only without
authority from this Government, but in open hos-
tility, no more represented the people of Kansas,
and no more possessed the right to speak for or
to bind them by their acts, than the lawless mobs
who, of late years, have, in some of our leading
cities, set all law at dcfhmcc, to represent or speak
for the loyal citizens thereof.
If the proceedings which I have briefly sketched,
resulting in the formation of the Lecompton con-
stitution, were legal, to say that those of the To-
peka gathering were illegal and utterly void, is to
characterize them by the mildest of terms.
i have equally ignored all alleged violations of
election laws and acts of border ruffianism, from
whatever quarter proceeding. No great political
change, under popular fo'rms of government, will,
probably, ever be perfected without similar vio-
lations of law to some extent; and if the lawful
acts of the legal people were thereby to be annulled,
anarchy would necessarily be the result.
Destitute as we are of the power of punishing
violations of election laws in Kansas directly, we
should not resort to an indirect mode of correct-
ing them, and, especially, to the injury of the
people of Kansas. Frauds, crimes, doubtless were
committed by both parties; but the lawful acts of
those who steadily and lightly pursued the path
ofduty to the formation of the State constitution,
are not to be thereby defeated.
Mr. President,it isadimited that these proceed-
ings of the people of Kansas were pursued m con-
formity with law, and by authority conferred by
the Kansas-Nebraska act originally; and it is ad-
mitted that the constitution they present to us is
republican. Why, then, should it be rejected ?
Sir, the evils which must, in my judgment, in-
evitably flow from such rejection, may present
themselves to my mind m an exaggeiatcd form
and character. 1 may misconceive the times; I
may misapprehend the temper of the people to
whose sense of right such rejection would be an
outrage; I may magnify the feeling of deep but
silent scorn and indignation with which they now
view this whole programme of opposition; and I
may miscalculate the means to which they may
resort to right the wrong which it contemplates;
but if 1 do not, then is the rejection of Kansas
fraught with evils which it will require all of
human wisdom under the providence of God to !
1 i
avert.
Sir, we are told that in this contest the South
is pursuing an abstraction; that the majority of
the people of Kansas arem favor of the exclusion i
of slavery, and that, having the power, they will
adopt immediate measures to change the consti-
tution in this respect on their admission to the
Union.
Tins may or may not be so; it does not lessen
the importance of the question before us; for we
cannot ignore the great central fact that the war-
cry raised against the life of the South, is, "no
more slave Slates to he cd/nitled to the Union;" that j
under this shibboleth inscribed upon their banner, j
her enemies m hosts are rallying, and that their I
ability to maintain it is here this day being pruc- I
tically tested; and that, jf Kansas shall be reject- j
ed, it will be because ot the slavery clause in her |
constitution. j
This, sir, is the point which infuses life and ;
light and soul into the issue before us. j
Our opponents on this measure, invigorated by !
the temporary alliance of the honorable Senator j
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] have assailed, and «
are assailing, the unanswerable arguments, as 1
conceive, of the Executive, with equal fngenuity
and power; but if one were to rise amongst them,
and speak with the hps of an angel, the South has I
too much at stake not to see the utter want of j
truth and justice of this opposition, not to feel j
that similar pretexts will ever be found when i
similar occasions shall demand them. |
Sir, the vital principle of the Kansas hill, care- j
fully considered by some of the purest and best !
men from every section of the country, and some !
of the prominent men of its leading political parties, !
too, was brought forward by the honorable Sen- j
ator from Illinois, to whom it had been intrusted I
as chairman of the Committee on Territories; and ]
throughout the three years'war with which its >
enemies have so bitterly assailed it, so nobly and $
firmly has he stood forth as its champion, under
all circumstances, at all times, and in all places,
sustaining its right, wisdom, and justice, that he
has been popularly regarded as itssole and exclu-
sive author. So well had lie borne himself in this
intellectual fight, that lie had curved out for him-
self a place in the hearts of his countrymen rarely
accordcd to a living public man.
In this position he was nobly sustained by the
united South, and by nearly every national Dem-
ocrat in both Houses of Congress. He was sus-
tained by the people in their primary and larger
conventions, in their Legislatures, and finally by
the supreme judicial tribunal of the country itself
Thus proudly did he stand then; but now, when
the battle has been fought and won, and the fruits
of victoiy only await our grasp; now, that Kan-
sas is knocking at our door3, and, by clothing her
with the robes of State sovereignty, we may lo-
calize the question of slavery, and enable her to
still the voice of discord within her borders, we
see the honorable Senator, not only withdrawing
himself from Ins old companions m arms, but,
with a bitterness hitherto unlooked for, opposing
them in gaming the legitimate fruits of their com-
mon labors. In this extraordinary attitude, we
see him surrounded by strange allies; the leaders
of those with whom hitherto he has foughthand
to hand in every phase of the fight; the leaders
of those who have been the unrelenting enemies
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill and himself; and
who, failing iu every agency of human evil, have
invoked upon both the curse of Heaven itself.
These are the allies with whom he is now cheered
in his opposition to his tried friends. 1 trust the
honorable Senator fiom Illinois will understand
that, in reciting these facts, showing his position
in this case, I do it in all kindness to himself, per-
sonally. My past relations to him it is unneces-
sary to allude to to show this.
An attitude so extraordinary has only been
assumed on the most conscientious convictions of
right, though wc are all liable to error; and his
position, therefore, will not be readily surren-
dered. His efforts to justify and sustain it are
worthy of his fame; but depend upon it, sir, that
like a strong man struggling m a morass, every
effort he may make must but more distinctly dis-
close the unstable ground on which he stands.
Mr. President, our opponents upon this meas-
ure may succeed, or they may fail; Kansas may
be admitted with her Lecompton constitution, and
every element of her legitimate prosperity may be
developed; or she maybe rejected, and discord
and civil war may continue, just as the wisdom
and prudence, or the vice and folly of her people
may control her counsels; but whether we admit
her, or whether we do not, whatever may be the
results of our proceedings here, if I am tight in
my conclusions of the policy which govern the
Opposition, there will be but one course for the
South.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me, as an act of kindness to himself, to say
that his speech is a very interesting one, and I
am listening to him with great pleasure; but 1 am
sure he speaks so low that he is not doing justice
to himself. If he will raise his voice a little louder,
he will be heard more distinctly across the Cham-
ber.
Mr. MALLOUY. I thank you, sir. I cannot
expect to overcome any noise that may be made
in the Chamber, but I will endeavor to make my-
self heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The Chair will endeavor to preserve as good or-
der as can be maintained m the Chamber; and he
submits to Senators that it is important, on ac-
count of the evident condition of the health of the
Senator from Florida.
Mr. MALLORY. I was going on to observe
that whatever maybe the effect of our efforts here,
from this vexed question of Kansas, the South,
looking boldly out on the dangers which expand
before her, surveying with calm resolve her daik-
ening political skies, wilU in my judgment, take
a new departure; warned, neived, invigorated,
saddened, perhaps, but unmtimidated by the
past.
She cannot ignore the fa^tthat her enemirsare
gatheri ng m strengt h around her; every day she wo
