1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
It may, at another stage of our proceeding, be
an appropriate subject of inquiry, whether there
be an illegal and organized combination of evil
disposed citizens, who have banded themselves
together to resist the authority of theUnited States,
as well as the local authority of the Territory. But
when we shall have come to the conclusion that
there is such an evil-disposedcombination, itleaves
still every single local officer of the United States
in full possession of his authority. But, if it shall
be ascertained that any of these officers have so far
departed from the line of their duty as to tako any
part in that rebellion, it will afford sufficient ground
for removal on the part of the President, and for
filling the office so vacated. That, sir, is the only
legal view which can be taken of the matter; and
it was in that point of view that the President of
theXJnited States, having ascertained that Brigham
Young had failed in his allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States has removed him and
appointed another in his place.
When he has reached there what will he do?
Will there be any Territory of Utah over which
Mr. Cummins can act as Governor? Will there
be any people there over which the laws of the
United States should extend their protection?
Will he go there with military power to rule as
a satrap rules over an eastern kingdom ? Or does
he not go there under the laws of the United States,
for the purpose of executing the laws of the United
States, by sheriff and constable—carrying, it is
true, a military force at his back; but only to act
as a posse comitatus; having no power except to
aid the civil authorities in the execution of the
laws of the United States? I say that is the legal
and American view of the resolution: Any force
that the President of the United States may send
there, is under the authority of the law of Con-
gress which gives him the power to use the mili-
tary and militia of the United States to enforce
the execution of the laws, and to maintain the
local authorities there. And even though the citi-
zens there should refuse to obey the laws of the
United States and of the Territory, still they are
not to be dealt with by military violence. They
are to be arrested and brought before the judicial
tribunals of the country, and not tried before a
court-martial. I say, therefore, that there can be
no such thing as war against the United States
by a Territory of the United States ; and 1 say
that to ?>dopt this preamble and resolution is di-
rectly in the face of the legal facts, and without
any precedent in our history—one that ought not
to be entertained, even for the purpose of inves-
tigation.
Mr. Speaker, let us go one step further: This
is brought before us as a matter of privilege, as
affecting the seat of the Delegate from Utah. Sir,
if that gentleman has directly or indirectly coun-
tenanced or aided any illegal combination against
the laws of the United States, then he is un-
worthy of a seat here, and should be expelled.
But if he himself has not taken part m any rebel-
lion, then, though that rebellion should include
every citizen in the Territory except one, still he
stands here as the representative of the legal
rights of that one man in that Territory. Nay,
sir, he stands here as the representative of the re-
bellious children of the Republic. He stands here
to see that those who have committed treason
shall be tried fairly under the Constitution and
laws of the United States. He stands here to see
that the laws are carried out which protect the
man who has been guilty of treason from the
outrage and violence which military authorities
visit upon political offenders. I say, therefore,
that, although every man in that Territory should
be a rebel and in arms against the United States,
they are entitled to their representative upon this
floor; for, although they are rebels, they have
not ceased to be citizens of the Republic. Though
there may be rebellion in the Territory of Utah,
no gentleman has charged that the gentleman
from Utah has aided in "any manner, directly or
indirectly, the rebellious proceeding in that Ter-
ritory. I think the proposition is one which
should not, at tins time, be entertained, and I
therefore move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. WARREN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Maryland to withdraw the motion to lay on
he table for a moment.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman from Ma-
ryland to withdraw his motion for a moment, and
I will renew it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say 
Mr. WARREN. I desire to know whether the
gentleman from Maryland heard the prop;-- ion
I made to him ? I asked the gentleman, haiing
made the motion to lay upon the table this prop-
osition, to indulge me for a moment, and then I
would yield the floor to the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, and he could withdraw his motion in
favor of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. I have the floor, assigned me
by the Chair, and I will yield to the gentleman
from Arkansas, by the leave of the House, in a
moment or two.
As an objector to the reception of the resolu-
tion, I desire to say that there is no member of
this House that will more cheerfully enter into
any inquiry into the condition of the Territory,
its government, or its people, that is proper and
within the powers of Congress. Congress has
authority to declare war; it has authority to in-
quire into the condition of Utah, or any other
Territory, upon the facts stated in the President's
message. It has power to enlarge the Army, to
raise additional regiments, as recommended by
the President. Now, sir. there is no proposition
which the gentleman from Arkansas, or any other
member of this House can make, which relates
to the legitimate course of the Government in re-
lation to the alleged rebellion in that Territory,
to which I will not most checrfully assent. But I
object to this resolution upon the ground that
there is not a sufficient statement of fact to justify
our proceeding against a member or Delegate in j
regard to his right to a seat. There is nothing
more sacred to the people of a State, or to the
people of a Territory, than their right of repre-
sentation; and it should be the very last thing
upon which we should make an assault. We
ought to exhaust every othei remedy, and pursue
every other means, befoie we assail the lights of
the people of a State or Territory through their
representation on tins floor. The question has
been raised before, and will be raised again.
Now, sir, wo have nothing to fear from the in-
fluence or power of the Delegate from Utah. He
has no vote. He can exert no moral influence.
The people he represents are weak, and distant.
The opinion of the civilized world is against
them.
And beyond that, sir, if we adopt the resolution,
and agree to the expulsion, it results in nothing.
The people, in the course of a month or two, may
send another Delegate to occupy his place. We
ought, therefore, to consider, upon the President's
message, what course should be taken by the Gov-
ernment of this country in regard to the action of
that Territory; and any measure which may be
proposed by the gentleman from Arkansas upon
this matter, I will cheerfully agree to.
1 ask the attention of the gentleman from Ar-
kansas to this declaration in the message of the
President. He says:
" Governor Young has, by proclamation, declared hisde-
teimination to maintain his power by foice,and has already
committed acts ol hostility against the United States. Un-
less he sfvould retrace his Uep* the Territory of Utah, uiU be
in open rebellion "
He does not charge that open rebellion exists.
He says that Governor Young has threatened re-
bellion, and intimates that these threats may be
idle boasting, but that we should not pass them
by in silence. He therefore recommends that
additional regiments should be raised, in view
of the state of affairs in that Territory. Now, if
the gentleman from Arkansas will confine his
resolution to the recommendation of the Presi-
dent, or take any other legitimate course, in re-
gard to the people of Utah, I will cheerfully give
him all the aid in my power. But, for one, I
protest against any assault upon the rights of a
Delegate from a Territory, or a member from a
State, except it be upon the statement of facts
touching him directly in his acts here, as a mem-
ber of the House.
I have finished all I desired to say, and will
yield the floor, with the consent of the Ilouse, to
the gentleman from Arkansas.
AJi* WARREN. In order to meet the views
of gentlemen upon the other side of the House,
and as all I desire is an investigation of this mat-
ter, I propose a substitute for the resolution I
offered. I think it will cover the objections of
cenlbmen upon the oilier side.
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
j Resolved, Thatthe Committee on Territories he instructed
• to inquire into the difficulties now existing between the
[ United States Government anu the tei morial govei nment of
i Utah ; and the s-aid committee will further inquire whether,
i under existing citcumstanees, the >aul Territory shall be
fdlntved to have a Delegate in tins House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels constrained
to rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. BANKS. I had finished what I had to
say, and, according to my promise to the gentle-
man from Maryland, I submit the motion to lay
the original resolution upon the table.
Mr. WARREN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts not to make that motion. 1
understood him to say that the motion was not
i to be submitted until I had made some remarks.
! Mr. BANKS. With the consent of the gen-
i tlenjan from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] I withdraw
i the motion.
S Mr. WARREN. Notwithstanding the objec-
i tions on the other side of the House, I am still
desirous of pressing it. Not that I am wedded to
the resolution I have introduced—not at all. My
[ object is to get an investigation of this House on
. the matter presented in that resolution, whether
in that shape or another.
j It strikes me, sir, with some force, that the
j gentlemen across the way are attaching too much
I importance to this resolution, and though the sub-
i ject of this resolution is important in itself, yet
, gentlemen talk as though the resolution proposed
l to expel the Delegate from Utah, without giving
him any showing. Such a proposition was never
l contemplated by my resolution. It simply pro-
' poses to investigate the facts alluded to in the pre-
I amble. It simply proposes to investigate the right
of the party in question upon this floor. Now,
sir, is it true, in point of fact, that before a com-
mittee of investigation of this character should be
raised, the facts upon which it is proposed to
, be raised should be submitted to the House?
' No, sir. I apprehend that this investigation is
' to be had before the committee, and upon the facts
which may appear the committee are required to
report. Again, I say, gentlemen talk as though
i the adoption of this resolution would be the ex-
pulsion of the gentleman from Utah without a
I hearing. If gentlemen will look to the resolution
: they will see that it simply refers the matter to a
! committee whose duty it is to investigate the sub-.
| ject, and it is the province of the House to judge
j whether he is entitled to his seat or not.
j Now, it is known to you that the present posi-
j tion of Utah is exciting the whole country, and
[ the whole country is perfectly amazed that gen-
i tlemen from the North, South, East, and West,
■ will sit with the Delegate as an equal upon this
I floor. That is the prime reason that induces me,
I at this stage of the proceedings, to introduce this
1 resolution. It is an attempt, say gentlemen, to
; strike at the moral depravity that prevails in that
i Teriitory. Would to God I had the power to do
so, and I would have done it when a member of
the Thirty-Third Congress. It is true, from the
! proclamation of Brigham Young, and from the
message of the President, that that country is in
open rebellion against the Government of the
United States; and yet gentlemen say we are too
soon; that we are hasty, and are not proceeding
| rightly. Let gentlemen suggest a better mode of
1 procedure, and I will be with them, for I am not
j wedded to this resolution. But, sir, I do insist
1 on the proposition to investigate the right of
! this Delegate to a seat, as my equal, upon this
i floor.
I Mr. CURTIS. i wish to say to the gentleman
j that I have been trying to get the floor for the
'■ purpose of suggesting a substitute, which will
' accomplish the object he desires. I will say to
! the gentleman that my constituents are deeply
' interested in this matter. There are agreat many
' Mormons in the district that I represent; some
! of .them belong to the party with which the gen-
; tleman is connected, and are the publishers of a
t newspaper on the frontier. I ask the gentleman
' to allow me to submit a substitute for his resolu-
tion, which will remove the legal objection, and
bring down upon the Mormons the justice they
require. .
Mr. WARREN. No, sir; I decline to yield.
Several Members. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
Mr. WARREN. Very well, sir; I yield for
that purpose.
