im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December
The substitute was then read for information,
and is as follows:
That the Committee on Territories be instructed to ex-
amine and report on the expediency of repealing the law
organizing the Territory of Utah, and the passage of a bill
organizing the Territory of Nevada and the Territory of
Columbus.
Mr. WARREN. I will say to the gentleman
froflii Iowa that the reason why I was disposed
to object to the reading of that substitute for in-
formation, was in consequence of the remark that
he saw fit to let fall in reference to the party to
which I belong, and with which I act. The gen-
tleman need not tell me that Mormons edit a Dem-
ocratic newspaper with a view of driving me from
what I believe to be my duty in this behalf. If
a Mormon edits a Democratic newspaper, or a
paper called a Democratic paper, I will say to the
gentleman that he does not belong to that school
of Democracy that has so long governed and con-
trolled this country, and brought it to its present
state of prosperity.
But, sir, I was going on to say that I objected
seriously to a postponement of this matter, and
that 1 believed it was the duty of each member
upon this floor, regardless of political sentiment,
to voto for this inquiry. I do not put this in as
a great political question; I put it in asagieat
constitutional right reserved to this people. Who-
ever beard of a Delegate being received from a
Territory or from a State that js in open rebellion
ttgainst the Government ? I do not introduce tins
particularly as a Democratic measure, or an Amer-
ican measure, or a Republican measure, but I
have introduced it because 1 believe it to be the
duty of every good citizen, whether in Congress
or out of Congress, to idise his voice in opposition
to any such proceedings as are now going on, and
as have been carried on in Utah for many months.
But I go further. I say to gentlemen that I be-
lieve there has been too much want of investiga-
tion of the right of members to seats upon this
floor. I say that I stand here prepared to vote not
only to exclude the Delegate from Utah, if, upon
an investigation, it shall turn out that his Terri-
tory is, and was at the time of his election, in re-
bellion against this Government, but I am here
prepared to vote to exclude any gentleman who
occupies a seat upon this floor, whore the free
white voters of his district were not permitted to
go to the polls untrammeled and east their votes,
as white men and fieemen under our Constitution
and laws ought ever to have a ri«ht to do. 1 be-
lieve, sir, ill a full and fair investigation of matters
of this kind; and so long as I occupy a position
upon this floor, I will advocate it whether in ref-
erence to the Delegate from Utah, or whether m
reference to a Representative fiom any State in
the Union. I therefore press this resolution; ljut
if gentlemen can suggest any amendment that will
put it in a better shape, and still accomplish the
purpose I have in view, I shall be satisfied.
Mr. 130YCE. I sympathise, Mr. .Speaker, in
the zeal which the honorable member from Ark-
ansas lias manifested. No peison, perhaps, has
less sympathy with the Mormons than I have.
I look upon them as a blot upon the civilization
of the age. But, at the same time, in the spirit
of Lord Chatham, whose remark I think it was,
"I would not violate the smallest principle of
law to oppress the meanest man ill England."
Though 1 have no respect for that peculiar peo-
ple, yet, in my opinion, we cannot take the course
indicated by this resolution, without violating
great principles of law, which are of moie im-
portance to the public good then any supposed
advantage to be gained bydepaving the Delegate
from Utah of his seat.
Sir, how does the Delegate from Utah have a
right to his seat ? It is no: under a resolution of
this House. It is under a law of thu land, passed
by both Houses, ami signed by the Picsident,
and then by a legal election in pursuance of that
law. It was by that ele'-tion, then, under that
law, that he acquired a right to a seat upon this
floor. Admit, then, for tiie sake of argument,
that Utah is in a state of rebellion: does the law-
less conduct of the people of Utah deprive that
Delegate of his right to a seat here, acquired
previously, in due'course of law? Why, cer-
tainly not. Nothing they could do would divest
him of that right—that right having been acquired j
by a legal election held tinder the iaw of the land,
and which could not be ievoked by any lawful !
action on the part of the people of Utah, much
less forfeited by their lawless proceedings.
It seems to me that this proceeding gives an
undue importance to Brigliam Young. It seems
to acknowledge that Bngham Young is Utah. I
am npf willing to assign him any such position.
I do not know that Brigliam Young is Utah.
There may be many people in Utah who do not
believe in Brigham Young. He is a bad man.
He has, doubtless, by various pretenses, imposed
upon a large majority of the people of that Ter-
ritory; but is his ipse dixit to be received as the
voice of Utah ? I apprehend not.
It seems to me that this question of Utah is
one of the gravest questions that can possibly
come before us. This Government is a Govern-
ment of internal peace and law and order, and not
of violence. We are going to have before us,
in this question of Utah, a question which will
demand the most serious consideration of both
Houses of Congress.
I think we should, at a proper time, take up
this whole question of Utah, in all its relations,
and not now upon the isolated point of the ex-
pulsion of the Delegate. My idea is, that when
the question comes up properly, we are not to
assume that Utah is m a state of war, and to
make war upon the whole Territory. We are
rather to ignore the action of Brigliam Young, to
deal as if peace existed there, to carry out the
laws, to cairy them out by force, if it becomes
absolutely necessary, but not to dignify Brigham
1 oung and his self-proclaimed government into
the importance of a hostile State by declaring war
upon them. I hope that by prudence this ques-
tion may lose some of its gigantic proportions,
because I should look upon it as one of the most
unfortunate steps the country could be obliged to
take, if we should be compelled, at this day, to
shed fiaternal blood upon our soil. I trust that
prudent, though firm, counsels may prevail. I
expect much from the wisdom of the President.
And T trust that the good genius of the Republic
may avert the sad spectacle of American blood shed
American hands. It would be the beginning, in-
deed , of a sad chapter in our history. With these
remarks 1 leave the question for the present.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 dislike, Mr. Speaker, to dis-
sent from the views which have been so ably
piesented by distinguished gentlemen, who are
emphatically leaders of this House, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] the gen-
tleman from Vnginia, [Mr. Bocock,] and the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. M\rshali.;] but
1 think that the self-respect of the American Con-
gress, the representatives of twenty-five millions
of American freemen, demands at least that this
investigation should be had.
^ Gentlemen say that this resolution is extraor-
dinary in its chaiacter. If so, sir, it is intro-
duced forthcpuiposeofmeeting an extraordinary
state of affairs, anomalous ill its character, and
without precedent in the history of this nation.
I say nothing m regard to the immoral practices
which prevail in the Territory of Utah, and have
made that Territory a bywoid and leproach in
all Christendom. But I desire to speak of the
civil state of aflairs there, and of her relations
towards the General Government. What ate
they ? Do we not know, sir—is it not a fact that
has been proclaimed thioughout this broad land,
officially, and in every other way in which it
could reach the public ear—that the authority of
the United States has been openly defied and
trampled underfoot there, that your United States
courts have been broken up, and that the United j
States officers have been compelled to leave the I
Territory, some of them fleeing from it for their j
lives? Is it not known that the'people of the Tor- 1
ritory are in hostile ai ray against the army of the !
United States, cutting oft'the Government trams,
and wai iiing, officially, through their treasonable I
Governor, the Army of the United States not to i
sot foot in the Territory, except upon condition !
of Jaymg down their arms? While they throw
off entirely, as a whole body, their allegiance to
the General Government, they, at the sometime,
have the presumption to come here and de«nand
that they shall be represented upon the floor of
the council-hall of the nation against which they
have stretched forth the gauntleted hand of defi-
ance, and whose authority they have openly de-
fled and scorned.
The President's message tells us the condition
of affairs in the Territory of Utah. He says:
" Without entering, upon a minute history of occur-
rences, It is sufficient to say that all the officers of the
United States, judicial and executive, with the single ex-
ception of two Indian agents, have found n necessary, for
their own personal safety, to wiihdiaw from the Territory,
and theie no longer remains any government in Utah but
the despotism of Brigham Young."
And yet, with this condition of affairs, officially
proclaimed to us by the chief Executive of the
nation, we are hesitating here, whether we shall
pass a mere resolution of inquiry on the subject,
which, it seems to me, the self-respect of Con-
gress demands.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman from In-
diana have the kindness to read the conclusion of
| the President's remarks, referring to the resto-
ration of the government under the Constitution
and laws ?
Mr. COLFAX. I will, with pleasure.
"Governor Young has, by proclamation, declared hia
determination to maintain Ins power by force, and has al-
ready commenced acts of hostility against the United
States. Unless he should retiace hu> steps, the Teiriiory
of Utah will he in a state of open rebellion."
Now, I desire to read something more:
! l; He has, therefore, for seveial years, m oider to main-
j tain his independence, been industriously employed m col-
. lectmg and labricating arms and munitions of war, and in
disciplining the Moimous for military service. As super-
intendent of Indian aftans, lie has had an oppoitunity of
tampeung with the Indian tubes, and exciting their hostile
feelings against the United States; this, accotdmg to our
information, he has aecomphshcd, in rcgaid to some of
these tribes, while otheis have remained tiue to their nlla-
giance, and have communicated his intngues to our Indian
agents. He has laid m a s-toie of provisions foi three yeais,
which, in ease of necessity, as lie infoimed Majoi Van
Vliet, he will, conceal, 'and then take to the mountains,
and bid defiance to all the powers of the Government.' "
And sir, since that message was written the
news has come from the Territory of Utah that
the military equipage, and arms and munitions
of war, accompanying the force on that frontier,
were cut oifby these Mormons, openly and insult-
ingly.
Now there has not been a mere declared intent
to oppose the Government of the United States;
but it has been actually carried into effect. And
we are to say here whether a people like this,
having openly and defiantly and insultingly
thrown oil all allegiance to the General Govern-
ment; having sent a message through their Le-
gislative Assembly, to the President, that they
will have such and such men as officers and no
others; having thus disrobed themselves of their
allegiance to the Government, shall be allowed
to send their representatives here with equal
rights, as to his speaking, with ourselves, to oc-
cupy a seat on this floor as our peer, and to draw
lussalary and per diem from the Treasury of the
United States? The matter has been trifled with
too long. This Brigham Young has been making
treasonable threats against the General Govern-
ment from the days of the administration of Mr,
Fillmore to (he present day; and he lias over and
over again declared publicly in the face of the
assembled people, that he will be the Governor
of Utah, not so long as the Government of the
United States may see fit, but so long as God says
he shall be Governor, declaring that he derives
his commission from God instead of from the
President. He has gone on fostering rebellion,
till it has broken out into open war. And yet he
sends, with credentials signed by the same hand
. which penned his proclamation of defiance to our
i Government, a representative here; and we are
| not to be allowed, because, forsooth, there has
j been' no precedent for it, to have a committee of
! inquiry to ascertain if we cannot purge ourselves
I from the presence of a Delegate from such aTer-
1 ntory! I trust the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have noobjec-
^ tion to the passage of the resolution, as it has been
; entertained by the Chair as aqucstion of privilege.
; I did not raise the question, although I do not think
| it involves any question of privilege. Hut as the
| Chair entertained it, I have no objection to the
j, resolution being passed by this llouse, as the
]■ Committee on Territories will ceitainly inquire
' i into all these faibjects, whether the resolution pass
j' or not. I take occasion to state distinctly that I
I do not think that any fact embraced in thepream-
, ble or the resolution involves a question of privi-
' lege. [ move the previous question, thinking that
i we have had discussion enough.
1 The previous question was seconded.
