216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[.March 16,
35th Cong..., 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
* it*, and whether the war-cry against her life be
tiitercd by some wretched village fanatic, whose
msane ravings and mad ambition rise no higher
than to induce the slave to cut the master's throat,
or whether it be uttered by some higher intellect
here, in large and philosophic phrase, who, with
the Union upon his lips, but with treason to its
best interests festering in his heart, predicts the
coming dawn, which shall rise upon the last foot-
print of African slavery upon this continent—
whether the war-cry be uttered by the one or the
other, it is opposition to her that forms their com-
mon bond of union. Nor, sir, let her any longer
underrate the strength of her enemies. I have
before me some notes, as brief as they are instruct-
ive. I refer to a well-known book, recently pub-
lished, in which political facts are collected. In
speaking of the anti-slaveiy party, the author
a iys:
'* It first made its appearance ui national politics in the
!•; evidential contest of 1840, when its tickct, with James G.
llirney, of Michigan, as its candidal*1 for the Presidency,
and Francis 3. Lcmoyne, of Pennsylvania, as its vice pres-
idential candidate, polled 7,000 vote5:, in 1844, with Mr.
TJmipy again as its candidate, it polled 62,140 votes. In
IMS, when Martin Van Bui en as the presidential candidate
of the Buffalo convention, and Gerrit Smith as that of the
mure ultra anti-slavery men, it polled ^6.23.2 vot<-s. In
!852, with John P. Hale as it^ nominee lor {he Piesidoney,
it polled 157,296 votes. In 1855, with John C. Fremont as
its presidential candidate, it polled 1.311,812 votes.'1—Clus-
key's Political Text Book, p. 1.
With these facts before us, I do not protend to
ignore the coming fate of the South. I do not
pretend any disguise on the subject. Can you
doubt, sir, that you are yet to see one of this sec-
tional party in that chair; this Government ad-
ministered by its behests, and the South in a
doomed minority, still appealing to the Constitu-
tion? No man here can doubt it; and it is useless
to close our eyes to coming events. One by one
the gallant and patriotic band of northern men,
who, valuing the Union beyond the behests and
commands of party, struggling here, struggling
everywhere, to maintain the lights of their whole
country* have been crushed out; and here, in this
forum of equal States, we are yet to see the Con-
stitution interpreted by that dreaded antagonism
which is founded upon geographical distinctions
alone.
The constitutional rights of the South, Mr.
President, never have depended, and I trust they
never will depend, on an equality of slave and
free States in this Confederacy. If they depend
on such an equality their rights are gone now, for
that day has passed. This political equality can-
not be maintained. It can neither be maintained
by expansion, by acquisition, nor by division of
territory; for these are resources equally open to
both parties. Had the South, in days gone by,
been united on the expediency of aoquiiingCuba,
and, when the apple was ripe, plucked it. and
made it a southern State—nay, sir, wore she to
adopt a wise policy now, and resolve to take it,
and talk about it afterwards—fricndlymtd contig-
uous Canada, fast gravitating towards the North,
would come in to reestablish northern political
supremacy. Therefore, in myjudgment, we must
look inevitably to a preponderance of free States
in this Confederacy. If I believed the rights of
the South wer^ dependent upon an equilibrium
of free and slave States, I would use every human
effort of which I am capable to induce the South
to go out of the Union to-morrow. It were worse
than folly, it would be the basest of crimes, to
postpone to a distant day of comparative weak-
ness, the correction of approaching evils, which,
in our hour of strength, we may readily avert.
Much has been said by the Senator from New
York, in his remarkable address, about the white
man's occupying this continent, and on the doc-
trine of expansion: but I did expect to hear a
gentleman, who is evidently a statesman, in this
rhetorical, epigrammatic production of his, define
under what circumstances the white man is to
occupy this continent. My friend from Virginia,
I find on reading his spcech, has referred to this
part of the address of the Senator from New York,
und leaves me but little to say; but on this doc-
trine of expansion let me remark, that the hour
has come when judicious minds begin to doubt
the propriety, the wisdom of the expansion, on
this continent, of our Government: when judi-
cious minds h^in to dov't the applicability of
i our system of government to a widely expanded
territory.
I Sir, the surface of our territory now is more
| than double that of Great Britain, France, Spain,
! Portugal, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Austria,
| Turkey in Europe, Poland, Prussia, Belgium,
j Holland, Denmark, Norway, and Sweden, whose
united population exceed two hundred and fifty
I millions.
i The child is now living, who is to see, accord-
i ing to the present ratio of increase, a population
! of two hundred millions upon our present domain;
and when our distant States shall become as pop-
ulous to the square mile, as Belgium, Prussia, or
France, our form of government will receive a
i test to which we may ail look with doubt and ap-
i prehension.
: With a population sparsely spread overa wide
| extent of domain of unsurpassed fertility and
i wealth, a population ignorant of want, with a
competency within the reach of ordinary industry
and frugality, with a population of voters identi-
fied with the soil, and governing by the ballot-box
the land which they till with theirhands, oursys-
tem of government has reflected gieater blessings
upon the people than has any other devised by
the wisdom of man.
But, sir, with expansion and its concomitant
evils of poverty, pauperism, and vice—with a large
minority of voters in every populous State rais-
ing, periodically, the cry of " broad or blood"—
the baJiot-box, hitherto the safeguard of our lib-
erties, may become, in the hands of ambition, a
tremendous engine of oppression. We may al-
ready pomtto San Francisco, governed by a vigil-
ance committee; Utah, ruled by a priestly des-
potism; Kansas controlled atthe bayonet's point;
and our large cities, in the hands of lawless mobs,
who go unwhipped of justice, as some faint indi-
cations of the blessings of expansion.
Ihit, sir, I will not pursue this topic further, sug-
gestive as it is of replies to the honorable Sena-
tor's theories.
Thank Heaven, the South possesses the con-
servative institution of domestic slavery, which
relievos her from evils which must necessarily
attend a dense population under our form of gov-
ernment.
But, Mr. President, I will not digress on this
subject longer; I desire to keep to the point be-
fore us, which is the question of the admission of
Kansas. I will not go into ail the objections, the
technical objections, which haie been urged by
gentleman on the opposite side of the Chamber,
beciuse I think it will be fair to meet the objec-
tions of our friends on this side, and I will treat
them as made in all fairness. I understand that
the objections of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, made in his opening speech immediately
after the presentation of the President's annual
message, have been surrendered one by one, or
jj tacitly .so, and that they are all now to be summed
]i up in this: that the constitution framed at Le-
i! compton was not submitted to the vote of the
jj people, and that it does not reflect the will of the
Ij people of Kansas.
[ J Let mi; ask, sir, who are the people of Kansas ?
! i The Senator horn New York tells us that the peo-
pic means the majority. I deny any such doc-
trine, sir. The only people of Kansas known to
us, are the law-abiding inhabitants thereof, who,
by the authority and under the guidance of law,
have come before us to make their wishes known.
States have made the source of their political
power, the elective franchise, dependentupon the
payment of taxes, service in the militia, the ten-
ure of freehold estate, or the color of the skin;
but they upon whom this power is conferred con-
stitute the people, whether a majority or a mi-
nority of the inhabitants. ,The people arc r< pre-
sented in the lower House, but does the majority
necessarily rule there? Is not a quorum of the
House, a bare majority of its members, sufficient
to transact its business—and does not a majority
of this quorum control its action? Do not sev-
enteen members of this body determine frequently
its gravest measures?
Sir, when wc speak of the people of Kansas,
we speak of a political body determined by the
laws of the land; of a body acting by authority
ond in conformity w th lav/.
It may be,si •,that'Ik convention which f.-rnvd
the constitution was elected by a minority of the
voters of Kansas; but if we go behind the results
of the election we shall probably find that those
opposed to the convention refused to go to the
polls for the express purpose of defeating the
action of the law-abiding people of the Territory.
Can a body of voters, by thus absenting them-
selves from the polls, defeat the action of those
who choose to exercise their right to vote? Can
the inaction of a majority thus defeat the legal
action of a minority? Are not elections in every
city and State of this Union sometimes determined
by minorities? In this case, Governor Walker
expressly notified the inhabitants that those who
refused to vote, by the universal operation of our
system of government, ratified the action of those
who should vote.
Sir, the proposition that the convention was not
elected by a majority of the inhabitants, and that,
therefore, the constitution framed by it is void,
canno^bc maintained.
In reply to the objection that the constitution
should have been submitted to the popular vote,
I must say thatit is becoming on those who tiaim
this, to show that any necessity existed for such
a submission. The people of Kansas did not
provide for it through their Legislature; they did
not provide for it through their convention; and
so far as Congress could, they expressly left it to
the people of Kansas to decide for themselves—
for they said they should be left " perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in
then' own way, subject only to the Constitution.,7
That was the only limitation. There was nothing
there, I apprehend, commanding them to submit
their constitution to a vote of the people of Kan-
sas. If, there'ore, we arc to keep our pledge to
the people of Kansas, wc cannot interfere with
their rights; and it is to me exceedingly strange
that those who set up this doctrine that the non-
submission of the constitution is fatal to it, can-
not produce the authority requiring such submis-
sion. The precedents teach us that the people of
Kansas have followed m the safe path of custom
in refusing to submit their constitution. My
friend from New Jersey [Mr. Thomson] has
shown this in a close analysis of all the constitu-
tions of the States of this Union; and there are
but two constitutions that I know of, formed by
the States of this Union, which were submitted
by convention. His statement is as follows:
a The eon ti tut ions, noiv in foice, of the folio wine named
Slates, weie not submitted for ratification to the people, but
adopted in convention :
<l Veimont adopted her constitution July 4, 1793, in con-
vention at Windsor. (Compiled Statutes of Vermont, page
15.)
" Connecticut, bv convention, hi 1818. (Pee Compila-
tion of Statute-? of Connecticut. 1851, pages 29 and 45 )
*• D.'J.iwaio, by convention, in J831. (See acts of 1831,
p.ijrc 4t); and Revi-ed Code, p.igc 43.)
'■ Pennsylvania, by convention, in 1833, with n provision
foi fiitiue amendments to be by the people. (See
Pmdon's Digest, page 17, section 10.)
'• Nouh Catointa adopted lw pi e^ent constitution in 1776,
by convention ; amendments m J835.
" South Carolina, in l'<90, by convention.
-• Georgia, by convention, on the 23d of May, 1798.
'•Alabama, in 1819, by convention under enabling act,
(See Code of Alabama, pane -25, section 5, page 23 )
Mu-ia^ippi, by convention, in 1817; and revised in hko
manner in 1832
*• Tennos&cfi, by convention, in If36.
Kentucky, by convention, in 1791'.
" Aikansas, by convention, without an enabling act. (See
Itevi^d ^j.uiucs o! Aikausas, pages 17-18.)
" Mi^ioaii, by convention, in 18-20 ; and not submitted to
the people.
"Illinois, by convention, in 1818; also appears not to
have been submitted to the people.
'• Tlic following were compelled by s-tatute to submit the
constitutions framed by the conventions to the peopie:
'•r*eYv Yoik, constitution adopted in 1848. (Section 9,
act of J 8-15. providing lor the convention, lequited its rati-
fication by the people.)
'• New Jersey,actof 1844,appioved Fcbtuaiy 23. Section
0 required its submission to .ne people. It was submitted
and latuicd in 1844.
•* Maiyland, formed m 1851, and ratified by the people, in
aeeoid.ince with pievious act ol LegiMatuie. (See'actof
1849. chapter 346, section S-)
u Virginia, formed in 1651. Act March 13,1851, required
its ratification by the people.
'• Indiana, fotmed in 1851, ratitied by the people, as re-
quited b> the law authorizing the convention. (See Act
of ISoO, approved Januaiy 18, sections 14 and 15.) The
sections lelanve to the exclusion and colonization ot ne-
groes was submitted a? a distinct proposition, (bee He-
vised ritdtutetf, volume 1, page 72.)
" WwMiiMii, L-18. Section nine of schedule requin-d its
>-! i-v r.ic p. on!<-> (C/wised Rtatiue?, 1843; ?'i
V- i, s ;r. i)b> e>n-iuuuon was defeated by over seven
