2278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
joy, Maclay, McKibbin, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson,
Miilson, Mo gan,MornH, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman II.
Mor* e, Munay, Nichols, Olm, Palmar, Parker, Potter,
Pottle, Reagan, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robhins, Royce, Aaron
Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judsou W. Sher-
man, Singleton,- William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Talbot, Thsyer, Thompson. Tompkins, Trippe,
Wade, walbudge, Walton. Cadwalader C. Washburn, El-
lihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wood, and
Augustus R. Wright—87.
NAYS —Messrs. Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Bocook,
Bowie, Boyce, Bryan, Buffinton, Burnett, Burns, Caskie,
Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, Corning, Cox, James Oraig,
Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, David>-on, Davis of Indi-
ana, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell, Durfee, Edmundson,
Elliott, Florence. Foley, Garnett, Gartiell, Greenwood,
Gregs, Groesbeck, Lawrcncc W. Hall, Thomas L. Harris,
Haskin, Hopkins, Houston,IIujjhes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jew
ett, J. Gianev Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Lamar, Landy,
Lawrence, McCiucen, Samuel S. Marshall, Miles, Miller,
Isaac N, Morris, Pendleton, Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Pur-
viance, Ready, Roberts, Ruffin, Savage, Scales, Scott,
Shorter, Robert Smith, Stephens, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, George Taylor. White, Wlnteley, Woodson, Wor-
tendyke, John V. Wright, and Zollieoffer—77.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the vote,
Mr. BLAIR stated that he had paired off with
Mr.Peyton.
Mr. COMINS. If the Hoyse refuse to adjourn,
what will be the pending question?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object to debate.
Mr. COMINS. How am I to tell how to vote?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Find out
Mr. COMINS. I vote " no."
Mr. COVODE stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Branch till six o'clock.
Mr. COMINS. Having ascertained that if the
House refuse to adjourn, the pending question
will be to excuse the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Morgan] from voting on the motion of the
fentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washbtjrn,] that
e be excused from voting on the appeal made by
the gentleman from Ohio from a decision of the
Chair, which decision is contrary to several for-
mer decisions under similar circumstances, I vote
" ay."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the House ad-
journ now, what will be the business in order
to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. This matter will come up
first.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Are the private
bills to be susperseded by tins?
The SPEAKER. This is a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr, SMITH, of Viiginia. I vote 41 ay."
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I propose, before
the vote is announced, that by the unanimous
consent of the House, the reports be ordered to
be printed.,
Mr. GROW. And go over till Saturday.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Oh, no.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would like to know whether
that is with the understanding as to the time at
which the votes are to be taken ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoigia. Not at all.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ob-
jection comes too late.
And then (at ten minues to four o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 21, ld58.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in relation to the alteration of
arms of the United States now on hand into
breech-loading arms; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
tie also laid before the Senate a in-port of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, the report
of Lieutenant T. A. Craven, of the Navy, of his
exploration as to the practicability of inter-oceanic
communication from the Gulf of Darien to the
Pacific ocean, by the Atrato and Truando rivers;
which, on motion of Mr. Mallory, was ordered
to lie on the table; and a motion by him, to print
the report, and that two thousand additional
copies be printed for the use of the Senate, was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in-
formation in relation to the present condition of
the new custom-house at New Orleans; which,
on motion of Mr. Slidell, was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. IVERSON was, on his motion, excused
from further service on the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, and Mr. Hayne was appointed
to supply the vacancy.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Taylor county, Iowa, praying the enactment
of a law for the relief of settlers who may suffer
by the closing of the land offices in that State to
enable the railroad company to make their sur-
veys and selections; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented papers in relation to the claim
of James Collier, late collector of the customs in
Upper California, to certain money due him un-
der a decision of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of John H
Newell, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions,
Mr. GREEN presented a petition of citizens of
Warsaw, Illinois, remonstrating against a diver-
sion of the lands appropriated for the improvement
of the Des Moines river from that purpose; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of mem-
bers of the board of marine surveyors of Phila-
delphia, praying the construction of a breakwater
on Crow shoal in the Delaware bay; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RICE presented papers relative to the claim
of Eugene Burnand, to compensation for transla-
tions made for the Legislative Assembly of Min-
nesota; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented papers in relation to the claim
of John N. Dodgson, to indemnity for Indian dep-
redations; which were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Tie also presented papers in relation to the claim
of Alexander Wood and George M.Wood, to in-
demnity for Indian depredations; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also piesented papers in relation to the claim
of Adam P. Sheglcy, to indemnity for Indian dep-
redations; which were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Ife also presented papers in relation to the claim
of Alexander Wood, administrator of the estate
of Josiah W. Stuart, to indemnity for Indian dep-
redations; which were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BRODERICK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles Kohler, on the files
of the Senate, bo icfeired to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
Samuel Brombcrg, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred a presentment
of the grand jury of the United States for the
district of South Carolina, at Charleston, relative
to a new court-house and the maintenance of pris-
oners at that place; a presentment of the grand
jury of the United States district court at Green-
ville, South Caiohna, recommending an appro-
priation for a new court-house, and the appoint-
ment of commissioners at suitable points within
the jurisdiction of that court; a memorial of mem-
bers of the bar of the northern district of Florida,
praying that the salary of the United States judge
of that district be made the same as that of the
United States judge of the southern district; a
presentment of the grand jury of the United States
for the northern district of Florida relative to the
necessity of a building for the accommodation of
the United States courts in that district; and a
resolution of the Legislature of Texas in favor of
the erection of buildings for post offices and the
use of the United States courts in that State, and
also the establishment of another judicial district
therein; reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the game committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Legislature of
Missouri, relative to a building for "the United
Statescourts and post office at Jefferson City, in
that State, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 17) to divide the
State of Indiana into two judicial districts and to
provide for holding the circuit and district courts
of the United States therein, reported it without
amendment, and that it ought not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 21) to divide the
State of Iowa into two judicial districts, reported
it without amendment, and that it ought not to
pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 311) to supply va- •
cancies in certain offices, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 222)
for the relief of Elizabeth E. V. Fields, reported
that the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, the case being coveied by the gen-
eral bill passed yesterday.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. It. No. 261) for the relief
of Leonard Loonus, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the following bills,
reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 426) for the relief of Monroe
D. Downs;
A bill (H. R. No. 577) for the relief of Rebecca
M. Bowden, of Prince George county, Virginia;
and
A bill (II. R, No. 578) for the relief of Isaac
Drew and other settlers upon the public lands in
the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
Noah iVhllor, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a bill from the
Court of Claims for the relief of Richard Fitz-
patrick, communicated to the Senate the 14th of
May, with the opinion of the court in favor of
the claim, leported the bill (S. No. 193) for the
relief of Richard Fitzpatrick; which was read,
and parsed to a second reading.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 383) for the
relief of Myra Clark Gaines, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William Flemmmg,
asked to be discharged from its fuither consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 332)
for the relief of Richard 13. Alexander, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,and
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia; which was agreed to.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2G0)
for the relief of Isaac Carpenter, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
256) for the relief of Oliver P. Hovey, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Patents
| and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Edson Fessenden, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (8. No. 394) for the re-
lief of Edson Fessenden, conservator of William
Compton. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DIXON. The bill justreported by the Sen-
ator from Florida is of a peculiar character, and
I should be very glad indeed to obtain the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to put it upon its pas-
sage now. I think, if the Senate understood the
circumstances, there would be no objection to it.
It would have been reported by the late Senator
