1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 22,
freedom, against the rights of man. If you do
not, and the Lecompton constitution is forced
upon the people of Kansas contrary to the will
and against the solemn protest of four fifths of
the people of that Territory, it may lead to conse-
quences not particularly advantageous to your
peculiar institution.
•Again, the President says:
" A great delusion seems to prevail in the popular mind
in regard to the condition of parties in Kansas."
A great " delusion!" "
Sir, there is no delusion, unless it be in the
President's own brain. Never were parties better
understood anywhere than they are in Kansas
and in this country, at the present moment. The
repeal of the Missouri compromise, the unhal-
lowed acts of this Administration and of the pro-
slavery party, in reference to the people of Kan-
sas, have opened the eyes of men everywhere to
, the true condition of parties in Kansas. The two
opposite and conflicting ideas of slavery and free-
dom are now each struggling in Kansas, and in
this country, for permanent dominion; and it is
perfectly apparent that we,can have no peace,
either in Kansas or in the country, until one of
these ideas is subdued and brought into subjec-
tion to'the other. They are so perfectly antago-
nistic that they cannot exist together in harmony.
The one seeks the elevation and the freedom of
man; the other seeks to bind him in fetters and
chains, and to degrade him to a level with the
brute creation. Heretofore compromises have
been resorted to as means of reconciliation be-
tween these ideas. But experience has taught us
that compromises are worse than useless. Ex-
perience lias taught us that, instead of allaying
the ferocity of the contest, they tend to prolong
and aggravate it. I^or one, I never want to see
another compromise between freedom and slavery;
between right and wrong; between humanity and
inhumanity—never! Freedom has always been
the loser by them. Freedom has abided by her
compacts, while slavery, whenever she has sup-
posed it to be her interest to do so, has violated
them.
Hence, I never want to seeanothercompromise.
If slavery is to be the leading and controlling idea
in this country, if it is to subordinate freedom to
it, let us know it. If freedom is to rule, it is quite
time for us to assert her rights. On the side of
slavery, in this great struggle, stand three or four
hundred thousand slaveholders, supported by the
Federal Army, and by every branch of the Fed-
eral Government, fully determined on victory, if
any amount of fraud and violence and subterfuge
and chicanery and special pleading can possibly
secure it. On the part of freedom stand the great
masses of the American people, North, South,
East and West—more than twenty millions of
free men, fully aroused to the importance of the
controversy by recent events, and determined to
vindicate the honor, the integrity, and the freedom
of the country at ail hazards. And, allow me to
say, they will do it. The slavery power, having
the control of the Government patronage, having
every branch of the national Government under
its control, may force the Lccompton constitution
on the people of Kansas, contrary to their will;
but neither that power nor any other earthly power
will be able to put a government in operation un-
der the Lecompton constitution in Kansas. If it
should be attempted the people will resist; and,
in my judgment, they ought to resist. They will
never submit to have a government put in opera-
tion under a constitution which tiiey detest and
abhor, and which robs them of their most sacred
rights. Already there are ten thousand men in
Kansas—brave, patriotic men—who are ready to
lay down their lives, if it must be so, in defense
of their rights and their liberties. And there are
hundreds of thousands of men , equally brave and
patriotic, in the free States, if it must be so, who
are ready to fly to their assistance whenever as-
sistance may be wanted.
Sir, I am a peace man. I hate war in all its
forms. I regard all collisions between man and
man, State and State, nation and nation, as do
rogatory to the civilization of the nineteenth cen-
tury. Yet I would rather see this country drenehed
in blood, and subjected to all the horrors of a civil
war, than to see liberty dethroned for ever, and
its dominion usurped by slavery. These are my
sentiments.
I would say further that, notwithstanding I am
fully persuaded that a government cannot be put
in operation in Kansas under the Lecompton con-
stitution, yet I venture to predict that if Kansas
should be admitted under it, John Calhoun will
immediately declare a pro-slavery Legislature
elected, and will assemble together a few of the
members in some camp or hollow square of the
Federal Army, and procure himself and the man
•Who stands next to him in infamy to be returned
to the Senate of the United States. And I further
predict that they will be sustained by a majority
of the Senate as having been duly elected under
the forms of law; and, if need be, the Supreme
Court will sanction and approve it.
Again, the President says:
" it is impossible that any people could have proceeded
with more regularity in the formation of a constitution,
than the people of Kansas have done."
Sir, when President Buchanan penned that par-
agraph, he knew that the territorial government
of Kansas commenced in fraud and usurpation, and
was continued by fraud and usurpation down to
the time of the Lecompton convention. He knew
that the territorial laws of Kansas required that a
census should be taken, and that a registry should
be had of all the voters throughout the Territory .
He knew that that duty devolved upon the terri-
torial officers. He knew that that duty was only
performed in part. He knew that the people of
more than one half the counties of that Territory
were wholly disfranchised. Yet the President,
knowing these facts, and knowing all these irreg-
ularities in the formation of the Lecompton con-
stitution, tells us that the proceedings were all
perfectly regular. But, sir, notwithstanding the
exertion of the entire executive power of the
Government to consummate the fraud, I am happy
to know that there is a minority—a growing mi-
nority, too—of honorable gentlemen in the South
who reprobate the President's Kansas policy and
the pro-slavery outrages committed under it. The
| treasonable wrongs of the party in power are open-
' ing the eyes of southern gentlemen to the demor-
alizing tendency of their peculiar institution, and
leading them to contemplate with favor a higher
civilization—a civilization which will elevate both
the master and the slave—the slave, by restor-
ing to him his natural and civil rights; the mas-
ter, by taking from him the exercise of arbitrary
and irresponsible power, which tends to warp and
debase the whole moral, social, and intellectual
nature of its possessor—a civilization based on
the eternal principles of truth and right; just and
comprehensive; regarding free labor, free schools,
and free churches, as the true sources of national
prosperity; recognizing the great family of man
as members of a common brotherhood, entitled
to equal rights and equal privileges; and not that
nariow, degrading, and cowardly civilization
which trembles at the idea of a common intelli-
gence, and dooms a whole race of men to utter
ignorance by penal laws.
Again, the President says:
" From tins review it is manifest that the Ijpoompton
convention, according to evuiy pt mciple 01 constitutional
law, wdh legally constituted, and was invented witli powei
lo fianio a constitution,"
No territorial government 1ms yet been organ-
ized in Kansas, according to the organic act—ac-
cording to law—by the people of the Territory.
The first Legislature was chosen by an armed
invasion from Missouri. The invading army
marched into Kansas, armed and equipped, forci-
bly set aside the regular judges of election, and
appointed judges of its own. The most of the
free-State men were driven from t-hc polls without
voting; yet they cast 17:2 more votes then the pro-
slavery residents of Kansas.
The whole pm-slavery vote was 5,4^7; 4,808
of which were fraudulent. -The free-State vote
was 791. Deduct the fraudulent votes cast by
Missourians, and the free-State men had a ma-
jority of 172; yet the 4,808 were ail counted by
the usurpers, and a pro-slavery Legislature de-
clared elccted, and put in operation. The Lc-
compton constitution is a lineal descendant of that
fraudulent Legislature. Still Buchanan tells us
that, according to every principle of constitutional
law, it was legally constituted. Thus a stupen-
dous fraud is made the basis of constitutionallaw,
a rule of action; for every act of the territorial
government of Kansas, from its organization to
the Lecompton convention has been either the
child or the grandchild of the original fraijd, and
equally fraudulent with its paternity,,
The most villainous usurpations of the pro-
slavery men are legal and constitutional in the
eyes of the President. Robbery is genuine hon-
esty; treason is patriotism; rapes and murders
are proofs of devotion to law and order. What a
mockery! I sometimes.think that we belittle and
disgrace ourselvesin attempting to argue with men
sq lost to truth and justice.
Again, the President says:
" The Kansas convention, thus lawfully constituted, pro-
ceeded to frame a constitution; and having completed their
work, finally adjourned to the 7th day of Npvember last.
They did nut think pioper to submit the whole of this con-
stitution to a popular vole ; but they did submit the question
whether Kansas should be a free or a slave State to the
people."
Sir, they did not submit the question whether
Kansas shall be a free or a slave State to the peo-
ple. They only allowed the people to choose be-
tween two slavery constitutions—to determine
whether they should raise, or import and raise,
their slaves. The President, in another part of
his message, says:
"Kansas is, at this moment, as much a slave State as
Georgia or South Carolina."
In his annual message, he says:
" Slavery exists in Kansas, under the Lecompton consti-
tution, with the slavery' clause stucken out, to the extent
of all the slaves then in the Territoiy."
Hence, according to the two messages, Kansas,
with the constitution with no slavery, would have
been as much a slave State as Georgia or South
Carolina. Terrible are the exactions of slavery
when it requires the President of the United States
to communicate to Congress such a tissue of mis-
information.
Rut the President not only gives to Congress
misinformation relative to facts, but he misquotes
the law—misquotes from the Kansas-Nebraska
act for the purpose of consummating the Kansas
usurpation, adding to the text the words "in
framing their constitution," which changes the en-
tire sense of the quotation, and without which his
whole argument becomes supremely ridiculous.
A pettifogger, in a justice court, who should thus
fraudulently misquote the law, would be stricken
from the rolls of the court as unworthy to prac-
tice before it; yet, as an act of the President of
the United States, in the great Lecompton swindle,
it is not regarded as out of the regular and ordi-
nary course of procedure. Wherefore these gross
Executive wrongs? Is the President beside him-
self, or is he a slave himself to relentless masters
who care not whether he acquires an immortality
of infamy, provided their ends are answered?
But we are told that freedom in Kansas must
yield to the necessity of keeping up an equilib-
rium of power between the free and slave States.
An equilibrium of power! Suppose one or more
States of the Union should legalize polygamy,
Mohammedanism, larceny, or highway robbery,
either of which is less offensive and less criminal
than slavery—must the Territories, in the forma-
tion of new States, be parceled out so as to give
the States thus legalizing such a wrong an equal
share of the public domain, on which to extend
and perpetuate their peculiar iniquity? Are such
the terms of our copartnership ? Such the bonds
which hold together these United States in one
glorious Union ? We are told, also,.that the will
of the people must bow to the forms of law. Forms
of law ! Are they above the substance of things
—higher than truth and justice? Is Congress to
rob the people of a new State of their inalienable
rights, under the wicked pretense that it is comply-
ing with the forms of law ? Forms are no protec-
tion to fraud, even in our technical courts of law.
It is a legal maxim, recognized everywhere but
in the present Government of the United States,
that fraud vitiates all proceedings, and that forms
and records interpose no bar to the discovery of
it. The world, in past ages, has been the great
theater of wrongs committed under legal sanc-
tions. Open the book of history, and there read
the soiled and blackened records of unnumbered
crimes perpetrated under the forms of law. Soc-
rates was compelled to drink the poisonous hem-
lock under the forms of law. Jeffreys committed
his numerous judicial murders under the forms
of law. The Spanish Inquisition executed its
hellish purposes under the forms of law. George
the Third sent his hireling army to this country,
to force obedience to his oppressive and tyrannical
will, under the forms of law. The blood of our
Savior ivos shed through the forms of law. And
