1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1255
now, in the nineteeth century, an American Presi-
dent and an American Congress are about to rob
a portion of the American people of their liberties,
through the miserable pretense that they are doing
it under the forms of taw.
Again, the President says:
" It has been solemnly adjudged by the highest tribunal
known to our law, that slavery exists in Kansas by virtue
of the Constitution of the United States."
Sir, it has not been solemnly adjudged that sla-
very exists in Kansas by virtue of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. The Supreme Court,
in the Dred Scott case, assumed to decide that
fact; it assumed to decide that the Missouri com-
promise was unconstitutional; it assumed to de-
cide that slaves are recognized as property by the
Constitution of the United States; it assumed to
decide, also, that negroes have no rights that white
men are bound to respect—an assumption which
is false and absurd if it-had been applied to our
horses and our oxen, for they even have rights
which men are bound to respect by the laws of
every civilized and humane community.
But, sir, these opinions, or these assumptions,
of the Supreme Court were given extra-judicially.
They were given after the court had determined
that it had no jurisdiction in the case, after it had
determined that it had no case before it upon which
to found any further judicial decision. The doc-
trine that slaves are property by the Constitution
of the United States, 1 hold to be utterly false,
utterly subversive of the fundamental principles
of our Government, and utterly destructive of the
best interests of our country. If established, it
will nationalize slavery, and denationalize free-
dom. Freedom and slavery cannot both be na-
tional, for the reason that they are direct antago-
nisms, and cannot coexist at the same time under
the same Government. Monstrous as this doc-
trine is in a Republic called free, the means em-
ployed in the attempt to fasten it upon this country
are equally iniquitous. So long as the official acts
of public men are susceptible of a favorable con-
struction, so long should their names be men-
tioned with respect; but when they prostitute
themselves, and the influence of their high posi-
tions, to base purposes, to the betrayal of sacred
popular rights, they then become objects of scorn
and contempt; and the higher the office, the more
severe and pointed should be the rebuke.
President Buchanan by his Kansas policy has
acquired a reputation which will forever associate
his name with oppression and villainy. And the
Supreme Court of the United States, in giving its
opinion in the Dred Scott case, descended from
the high and honorable position it has heretofore
occupied, and lent its influence to extend and na-
tionalize slavery. It has put forth a document, I
will not call it a decision, which for weakness in
moral, mental, and legal qualities, has no parallel
in the history of judicial proceedings in this or
any other country. The opinions promulgated
in that document all history pronounce false; all
law, simply ridiculous. Some persons affect to
regard ttiat document as a judicial decision; law-
yers regard it as extra-judicial nonsense, for they
know the absurdity of its doctrincs, and they
know that when the court had decided that Dred
Scott, being a negro, could not be a citizen of
Missouri, it had exhausted all its judicial power
in that case. Having decided that, it ceased to
have any case before it upon which to base any
further judicial decision. Hence the opinions of
the court therein expressed are not only false,
but they are ejcirw-judicial usurpations, entitled to
no more respect than the opinions of any other
equal number of political demagogues of similar
abilities and similar morals witli themselves.
Slave properly ! human beings made pioperty
by our glorious Constitution ! Shame on the men
who sustain such a doctrine ! God forbid that
such an idea should ever be received in this free
Republic of ours! Where is it to be found > In
what clause, in what provision of the Constitu-
tion ? It is not in the Constitution. It is to be
found nowhere but in the Dred Scott decision and
in the President's messages. If a man is to be
deprived of himself, his wife, and his children,
souls and bodies, by a paper constitution, I am
inclined to think the intent to do it should be ex-
pressed, and notleft to vague and strained implica-
tion. , .
But there is no provision of the Constitution
ftom which such an implication can po&sibly be
derived. The Supreme Court assumes to derive
it from that clause which provides for the return
of fugitives from service or labor; but it is not
there. That provision of the Constitution simply
recognizes the great doctrine of State rights—State
impunity, if you please, to do wrong—in regard
to local matters; to hold property in man by State
laws, and to reclaim it if it escapes into a sister
State. If the infamous doctrine that slavery is
national be true, then, I repeat, there is no such
thing as a free State in this Union; and there never
can be; for, if slaves are property by the Consti-
tution of the United States, then the slaveholder
may take his slaves into any State of the Union,
and there enjoy their services; hold them as prop-
erty, and their increase, for a day, a year, or for-
ever, m spite of any State law to the contrary;
bccause all State laws which conflict with the
Constitution of the United States are nugatory.
Hence the irresistible and logical deduction to
be drawn from the Dred Scott decision, and from
the President's message, is, that slavery is na-
tional, and freedom has no existence in this coun-
ty.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to ask the
gentleman if, before the Constitution was adopted >
and when all the States had slavery in them, was
there no liberty ?
Mr. ABBOTT. There might have been the
liberty of individuals, but with the doctrine now
contended for, there would have been no national
freedom. I say that the two institutions of sla-
very and freedom are antagonisms; and there is
no such thing as the national existence of both,
for the reason that they are as much opposite to
each other as light and darkness, heat and cold,
and the existence of one necessarily excludes the
other. Hence, if slaves are property by the Con-
stitution, freedom has not even a sectional exist-
ence in this country. But the whole spirit of the
Constitution is against the nationality of slavery,
against the idea of propeitym man. The pre-
amble of the Constitution declares its adoption by
the people of the United States to have been to
" establish justice, insure domestic tranquility,
promote the general welfare, and secure the bless-
ing of liberty." Is there any justice in slavery,
in human robbery ? Does it promote domestic
tranquillity or the general welfare—does it secure |
the blessings of liberty? If any man thinks it j
does, let him go and sell himself to the slave- '
driver, and there, driven by the side of oiher do- 1
mesne animals, with the lash over his back, and |
the degradation of his wife and his daughters be- j
fore his eyes, enjoy the blessings of liberty to his
heart's content. I will not prevent him.
But if there were any doubt about this matter
an argument might be drawn against the Dred
Scott decision and the President's message from
the historic character and aspirations of the found-
ers of our Government. They evidently designed
to form a free Republic, and not a slave oligarchy.
Did the pioneers of America leave their homes,
flee from tyranny and oppression in the Old World
and seek an asylum m the New for the purpose of
establishing and perpetuating a system of human
bondage tenfold worse than that from which they
flcdr No, they all loved liberty and hated op-
pression. Did JefFrison indite the Declaration of
Independence, which declares that " all men are
created free and equal, endowed by their Creator
with certain inalienable rights, among which are
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," for
any such unholy purpose ? No, wrote and la-
bored for the final extinction of this accursed sys-
tem in this country. Did Hancock and Adams
sign that immortal instrument, anu pledge their
lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honors to
sustain it for the purpose of chattehzing man ?
No, they looked forward with hopeful anticipa-
tion to tlwime when this fair land should become
frep—free in fact and free in deed as well as free
m name. Did Washington and his band of iron
heroes fight the battles of the Revolution toestab- 1
lish and perpetuate a system of aristociacy which 1
makes a part of the people absolute and irrespon- i
sible masters, and the other part abject slaves,
having no rights which the anstoeiatic class is
bound to respcct5
The original draft of the Constitution, m the
clause which provides for the return of fugitives
from service, contains the word stare, iviadison
moved to strike out that word, so th«t when sla-
very should he abolished in all the vSutes futuie
generations should not learn from the Constitu-
tion that the odious system of slavery ever ex-
isted in the country; and it was stricken out by
the unanimous consent of the convention. With
no word, no letter in the Constitution recognizing
slavery in any form, and with such a historic fact
staring them in the face, and the instincts of hu-
man nature pleading for human freedom, Buch-
anan and the Supreme Court have affirmed that
slaves are property by the Constitution. Now,
I submit, if Buchanan and the Supreme Court,
when they so affirmed, did not know that the af-
firmation was untrue. But we are met here by
the great pro-slavery argument, that God himself
sanctions and approbates the system of negro
slavery in this country. That argument I shall
not attempt to answer. It is best answered by
silence, when a member of this body so far for-
gets himself as to stand up in this Hall, and in
the face of his constituents, in the face of the
American people, and in the faceofhigh. Heaven,
and proclaims that God Himself sanctions and ap-
probates the accursed system of human slavery
m this country, it is better to pass by the state-
ment in silence. It is not for me, not for weak
man, to vindicate the character of God against
such a charge. God, in his own good time, if
need be, will vindicate his character from such
foul and infamous aspersions.
The President and members of Congress have
expressed regrets that Kansas is occupying too
much of the public attention. I regret it, too, as
deeply and as sincerely as they do. I had always
supposed slavery to be a local, a State institution,
subject to State control, existing only by State
laws—a mere sectional institution, having no na-
tionality whatever. I desire to have done with
it. Let it be driven back to the slave States,
where it belongs, there to die out, or live, if live
it must, as a just retribution to the men who fos-
ter and uphold it. Let us plant ourselves squarely
on the Constitution, and construe it according to
tho design of its authors. Let us avoid every-
thing calculated to alienate or estrange one section
of the country from another, and secure that har-
mony which ought to prevail among ourselves,
and which the good of the country requires. But
how can it be done while such infamous doc-
trines and measures are being forced on the coun-
try by the dominant party? How can it be done,
while such bitter sectional feelings exist as have
been manifested by members on the other side of
this House? The gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] in a speech in the early part of the
session, remarked that he despised the members
of the Republican party; and the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Shorter,] has spoken with still
greater asperity of the character and religion of
the Pilgrim fathers, and the Boston clergy. I
quote from h>s speech:
" The rifcnim father*, indeed! Sir, I have a sovereign
contompt lor the memory of the 1'ilfnm fatheis. The reli-
gion of pjjmonth Rock is the iehgion of fanaticism, of in-
toieiance.'ot' infidelity, of bigotry, and hypocrisy. It is the
ichmon of the Boston clergymen, who violate the seventh
commandment m going to and returning fiom their evening
Jecttnes ; and who. when expored to the indignation of a
virtuous community, are lionized and filed by the fairer
(lou-oi) of their flocks! In my judgment, Mr. Chairman,
the <rr<Mt-"^t calamity that ever befell our count!y was that
event which clothed Plymouth llock with its historic asso-
ciations."
Sir, I am a Republican; a Black Republican, if
j you please, and I am proud of the name—proud
of my party. It is the only truly national polit-
ical party in the country; the only party which
sustains the true principles of our Government,
as enunciated and acted upon by its founders—
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and their com-
patiiots—the only party that can possibly save
this free Republic from being transformed into
the most odious aristocracy that cvei existed on
the face of the earth. I shall not say that I de-
spise the Democratic party, or any member of that
party. My republican manners will not allow it.
But I shall say that if I were a member of that
party, and had* made up my mind to vote to forcc
Kansas into the Union, under the fraudulent Le-
compton constitution, against the expressed will
of four fifths of its people, I should loathe and
abhor myself as a traitor to free institutions. X
shall not say that I despise the rehgion of the
South. No, my New England charity will not
permit it. But 1 shall say that 1 do not under-
stand hr w a man, who makes merchandise of
Ins ftllow-nran, can bo possessed of any of that
