mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
Mr. IvEITT. I move tliat the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to ssk what was done
with the last proposition of the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Warrenr]
The SPEAKER. The Chair ruled it out of
order.
Mr. BANKS. It seems to me that that reso-
lution could be received after the first was admit-
ted before the House. I think that it was compe-
tent—the House being already in possession of
the subject—to admit the last resolution of the
gentleman from Arkansas, and I thought that that
was to be done. I cheerfully assent to that reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The Cliairruled the last reso-
lution out of oidcr, because its reading shows, in
the estimation of the Chair, that it would not be
a question of privilege at all.
Mr. BANKS. It was not a question of priv-
ilege; but I think it might have been admitted as
an amendment, after the subject was legitimately
before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ruled it out, and
it is too late now to make a question about it.
Mr. BANKS. I do not make a question about
it.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The question being on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table—
Mr. MILLSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to make an inquiry for
information. It is this: if this Delegate should
be turned out, would not, under the law organiz-
ing theTerritory of Utah, another election neces-
sarily follow, and another Delegate be sent here
from the same Territory ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 118; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Barksdale, Billmghur.^t, Bh&s,
Eoyce, Biayton, Biyan, Burlingaine, Campbell, Case,
Claw=on, Clingtiian, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coimns, Btu-
ton Craigc, Cuny, Divis of Maryland, Davis of Jowa,
Dawes, Dowdell, Floience, Fo.-tei, Giddmgs, Gilman,
Granger, Grow, Lawrence \V. Hall, Robert l>. Hall, J.
Moirison Hairis, Haskm, Hawkins, Hoiton, Uowaid, Keitt,
Kilgorvi. Lamai, Lciter, Lovejoy, McQueen, Humphrey
Marshall, Maynard, Mile*, Million, Moml!, Edward Joy
Morris, Ohver A. Moise, Mott, Nichols, Palmer, Pendleton,
Pottei, Pottle, Quitman, Bobbins, Roberts, Sandidge, Jud-
eon W. Sherman, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Tappan, Miles Tajloi, Thompson, Tompkins, Tnppe,
Underwood, Walbndge. Walton, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washbuine, and Isidel Washburn—7:2.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adiam, Alii, Anderson, An-
drews, Arnold, Atkins, Av<n>, Bcimett, Bingham, Bit-hop,
Blair, Bowie, Buflmton, Burnett, BunouglH, Ca->kic, Chap-
man, Ef.ia Clark, John B. Claik, Clay, Clemens, Cobb,
Colfax, Cox, Ciagin, James Craig, Cia\\(o;d, Cuius, Dam-
rell. Davidson, Davis oflndiana, Davis of Mi^si^ippi, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dean, Dew.nt, Dick, Diiinniek/Dodd,
Duilee, Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis, Faulfcrioi, Fonton,
Foley, Gamett, Gartrell, Gillie, Greenwood, Giegg, Groes-
foeck, Ilai lan, Hatch, Hoard, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
Buyler, Jackson, Jenkins., Geoigc W. Jones. .1. Gi.mey
Jones, Owen Jone«<. Kcllog</, Kelsey, Knapp, Jacob M
Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Beach, Letcher, McKibbin,
Samuel S. Marshal!, Mason, Millet. Mooie, Moigan, Isaac
N. Morris, Freeman H. Moue, Niblack, Paiker, Peyton,
Phelps, Powell, X'uivianee, Ready, Reagan, lletlly, Ritchie,
Royce, Ruffin, Ru?scll, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seward,
Aaion Shaw, llemy M. Shaw, John Sherman, Robest
Smith. William Smith, Stullwoith, Stevenson, Jarne< A.
Stewart, William Stewait, Talbot, Tna\er, Wade, Wal-
dron, Warren, Ellihu B. VVa&hburne, Walking, White,
Whuclev, Wilson, Woodson, Wortcndykc, Augustus R.
Wright, and John V. Wright—118.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Pending the vote—
Mr. FLORENCE said: Condemning Brigham
Young's course as much as any man does, I do
not think that this is quite the way to punish him.
I vote " ay."
Mr. EMGLISH said that he was not present
when his name was called. If he had been, he
would have voted in the negative.
Mr. WHITELY said: i wish to know, Mr.
Speaker, whether, if the Delegate from Utah be
removed, there will not be time to bleak up the
government of that Territory before a new elec-
tion can be held, and another Delegate can be sent
here? Without vvaituig for an answer, I vote
no.5>
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it competent for me to
ask a division of the resolution from the pre-
amble ?
The SPEAKER. The question will be stated
separately on each; first on the resolution, and
afterwards on the preamble.
The question was taken on the resolution; and
it was adopted.
Mr. WARREN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the pre-
amble.
Mr. WARREN. I suppose I have said enough
in regard to the preamble. My object was to get
up the investigation. Although the preamble gives
more sense to the resolution, I care nothing about
it. I move the previous question on the preamble.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did not hear the
resolution veiy distinctly; and I would ask,if the
House now reject the pieamble, to what Territory
or to what Delegate will the resolution refer?
The SPEAKER. That is not a matter for the
Chair to determine.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to under-
stand it before I vote.
The preamble was again read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to know
what Delegate or Territory the resolution will
have reference to, if the House does not adopt
the preamble.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
resolution will be again read.
Mr. GROW. What is it to be read for, when
it is adopted ?
The SPEAKER. If objection be made it can-
not be read
Mr.WARllEN. It is immaterial whether it be
read or not. I can state it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
gentleman from Arkansas has called the previous
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest that the
gentleman from Arkansas withdraw the previous
question, and amend his preamble.
Mr. WARREN. I was going to say that, to
satisfy the gentleman, I will withdraw the pre-
vious question till I can state the fact in regard to
the resolution.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
Was not the pievious question seconded on the
preamble as well as on the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. According to the practice of
the House, as pursued last Congress and before,
the previous question does not apply to the pre-
amble. The Chair will follow the precedent set
in that cose.
Mr. WARREN. I hope I will be permitted
to say to gentlemen that it is true that the term
" Territory of Utah" does not occur in the reso-
lution, and therefore it may be necessary to pass
the preamble. I cannot, however, for the life of
me, see any objection to the passage of the pre-
amble. It is a mere reiteration of facts known
to every gentleman on this floor. It simply states,
almost verbatim, what is stated by the proclama-
tion of Brigham Young, and verbatim what is
stated in the message of the President—nothing
more nor less. And, if gentlemen were disposed
to vote for the resolution to make this investiga-
tion, t cannot see that it will do them or the com-
mittee any harm for the preamble to go with it.
This would be a new way of defeating a resolu-
tion. It is true, the resolution, without the pre-
amble, would appear foolish, the Territory of
Utah not being designated in it by name. If it
had been, I would not care a groat for the pre-
amble, because, as I have often said before, I say
again, my only object was to get up an investi-
gation of this matter.
But, sir, if gentlemen intend to send this thing
to the committee, they may as well send it in an
intelligible form, so that the committee may un-
derstand it. I therefore hope the House will
sustain and pass the preamble, and let it go to the
committee. It can do the committee no harm; it
can do the House no harm, and it can do the
country no harm. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman from Ar-
kansas to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, and allow me to surest an amendment
or substitute for the preamble, which, I think, !
Will be satisfactory to all. j
Mr. WxlRREN. I do not withdraw the de- j
maud. '
Mf. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman at least
to withdiaw the call, that he may hear the Buff-
gestion which I have to make.
Mr. "WARREN. There are forty gentlemen
around me who also desire to make suggestions,
and if I withdraw for one I-must for others. "How-
ever, I will hear the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. MILLSON. I suggest to the gentlemaa
that he modify his preamble, so as to make it read
something like this:
Whereas, it appears from the message of the President of
the United States that many persons m the YerutoryofTJtah
aro in a state of open rebellion; and, whereas, itiriny be that
John M. Bernhtsel, the Delegate from that Territory, has
been connected vvnh that rebellion 
Mr, WARREN. The gentleman need not pro-
ceed further. I will say to him that I cannot ac-
cept such a modification. It would defeat my
whole object. I insist on my demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the gentleman from Ark-
ansas to withdraw his demand for a moment.
Mr. WARREN. I decline to withdraw further.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded the
yeas and nays on the preamble.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—-Messis. Abbott, Adram, Ah), Anderson, Arnold,
Atkins, Avery, Bennett, Bishop, Blair, Bowie, Buflmton,
Burnett, Bum5?, Chapman, Ezra Ciark, John B. Claik, Clay,
Clemens, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cocic-
enli, Colfax, Cox, Cragm, James Craig, Crawford, Curtis,
Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi,
Dean, Dowart, Dick, Elliott, English, Eustis, Foley, G-ar-
trei!,Gilhs,Greenwood, Giegg, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, George W.
Jones, J. Glaney Jones;, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kellogg, Kel-
soy, Kilgore,John 0. Kunkel. Letcher, Samuel S. Marshall,
Mason, Maynard, Millei, Moore, Morgan. Isaac N. Morris,
Niblack. Parker, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Purviarice,
Heady, Reagan, lletlly, Ritchie, Roberts, Royce, Ruffin,
Russell, Scales, Scon, Seward, Henty M, Shaw, Robert
Smith, William Smith, Stallworth. Stevenson. James A.
Stewart, William Stewart, Talbot. Thayer, Trippe, Wade,
| Ward, VVairen, Elhlm B. Wa^hburne, Watkins, White,
Whitely, Wilson, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus It.
Wright, and John V. Wnght—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Banks, Barksdale, Bliss, Bo-
cock, Boyce, Bianch, Biyan, Burlmgame, Burroughs,
Campbell, Case. Caskie, Chaffee, dawson, Coinins. Burton
Craige, Cuiry, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawes, Dodd, Dowdell, Edmundson, Florence, Foster,
Giddmgs, Gilman,Goods, Granger,Groesbeck, Grow, Rob-
eit B. Hall, Harlan,Thomas L. Hairis, Haskm, Hill, Hoard,
I-Iorton, Howard, Jewetr, Knapp, Leirer, Lovvjoy, Mc-
Queen, Humphrey Marsha]!, Miles, Millson, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Moms, Oliver A."Morse, Mott, Nichols, Pendle-
ton, Pettit, Potter, Powell, Quitman, Robbms, Sandidge,
Savage, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner,
Stanton, Miles Taylor, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood,
Walbridge, Watdron, Walton, and Cadwaiudei C. Wash-
burne—
So the preamble was adopted.
Pending; the call of the roll—
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he had misunder-
stood the question when taken on the adoption of
the resolution. He would have voted against the
motion to lay on the table and in favor of the res-
olution.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. J. B. Henry, his Private
Secretary, announcing that he had approved and
signed the members' compensation bi'l.
Mr. KEITT. I voted in the affinuative, Mr.
Speaker, with a view of moving that the vote by
which the resolution was adopted be reconsidered.
But, sir, in deference to my friend from Arkansas,
: [Mr. Warkln,] who by courtesy had the right
' to make the motion, at the close of some remarks
j which I propose to make I will move that the
; motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
I My objection to the preamble arises out of a
1 want of conformity to the facts existing in Utah
| which are taken as the basis upon which the pre-
] amble is founded. It charges that, from the proc-
' tarnation of Brigham Young, from the message
| of the President of the United Suites, and from
: some subsequent developments, it is shown there
: is rebellion in the Territory of Utah. Of the
j proclamation of Governor Young I have no official
1 information. I may have seen it or I may not.
i T do remember to have seen some fugitive com-
! mentaries in the newspapers upon this proelamo-
: tion; but I apprehend there is no member of this
. House who has an authenticated copy of it. But,
i sir, this House has no right to say, upon the
' authorityof merefugitive newspaper minors, that
! such a proclamation has been issued by Governor
! Young, So much for the proclamation.
