1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2279
from South Carolina, (Mr. Evans,) if he had lived,
and he made it an exception to his very great ob-
jection to any extension of patents. I hope there
will be no objection to putting the bill on its pas-
sage.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir; a report
which has been ordered to be printed.
Mr. KING. I think we had better wait until
we can look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot be considered to-day.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill entitled " An
act to create a Innd district in the Territory of New
Mexico;" and it was signed by the Vice President.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
391) authorizing the removal of the officcs belong-
ing to the United States, and occupicd in the col-
lection of the leveuue m connection with the quar-
antine station in the port of New York; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 379)
to pay the Oregon and Washington war claims;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and .Militia.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 392) to continue the land office at Vincennes,
Indiana; winch was read twicc by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
TEMPORARY CLERKS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate of the United
States be ami he heiehy authoiized to allow and pay to
the temporary Horks employed in l>w oifice, the same late
of compensation as is paid to the clerks of the coinnuttccs
of the Senate.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; winch was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That sixty thousand extia copies of the repot t
of the Comttiwsionei ot Patents on agticulture, be primed
for the use of the Senate.
BREECH-LOADING CANNON.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mil-tarv Affairs and
Mihti.i be inducted to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for an appropriation for toting Banow's im-
pioved revolving breech-loading cannon. *
SERVICE OF PROCESS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Rfinlred, That the Committtee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of a law authorizing
the mai=hal or the western district of Arkansas to employ
assistants and guauU, m seivuig piocess in the Indian
countiy.
POST ROUTES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road* be mstiucted to inquire into the expediency ot
establishing the following post lontes in the State of Minne-
sota : fiom Ovvatonna.in Steele county, via Clear Lake and
Josco, to Mankato, in Blue Earth county; ttom Austin, m
Mercer coutiry, via Geneva, Berlin Oti<co, Wilton, and
Jot;co, to St Petersen Nicollet county; fiom Austin to Blue
Earth City; from Minneapolis, vin Watertown and Wins-
lead,to Breckinridge; trom Mount Veinon to WhiteWater
Falls : tiom Farrihault, via Swaveiy and Josco, to Mankato;
from Clear Lake, in Sherburne county, via Fairbaven and
Kingston, to Forest City; from Geneva, m Freeborn county,
via Freeboin Citv, in Farribault county ; from Shokapee lo
Buffalo and Monticolio; from Swan River to Long Raine ;
from EJhota to Blue Eaith City ; from Blue Earth City to
Fort Dod"e, in Iowa; trom New Uliii, via Tuttle's Farm,
to Leavenwoi th; fiom VV«iba haw,vin Dodge City, to Med-
ford; from Pnncetott. via Granite City, to Crow Wing;
fiom Little Falls, via Giamte City. Hanover, and Sterling,
to Fortuna ; from Little Falls, via Urotter&burg, to Sunrise
Citv; fiom Warah, m Benton county, to St. Joseph, in
Steams county ;from St. Cloud, via Brottenburgand Bruns-
wick, to Fortuua; from Farribault, in Rico county,to Wil-
ton, in Waseca county ; from Gray Eagle, via Pine Creek,
toRidgvvav ; from Rochester, via Salem, Ashland,and Som-
erset, to Wilton ; ttom Fort Dodge, in Iowa, via Emim'tt
City, thence to Odessa, in Minnesota, thence, viaOre-eo,
Crystal Lake Citv, to Mankato ; from Leng Prairie to Lit-
tle Falls; from Columbus to Cambridge; and from Clear
Spring, via Clear Water, to Forest City.
HOUSE COMMITTEE STENOGRAPHERS.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred the
House joint resolution (No. 30) paying the com-
pensation of stenographers employed by commit-
tees of the House of Representatives, to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. As these stenographers have accom-
plished their work, and are about to leave the
city, it is very desirable that the House of Rep-
resentatives should be enabled to pay them at
once. I ask for the present consideration of the
joint resolution.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution, which directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay the compensation of ste-
nographers allowed by committees of the House
of Representatives, as audited under the direction
of the House.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
postmasters' quarterly returns.
Mr. YULEE. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill from the House of Representatives (No. 207)
to prevent the inconvenient accumulation in the
Post Office Department of postmasters' quarterly
returns, have directed me to report the bill, with
a recommendation that it be passed; and I am
instructed to move that it be put on its passage
now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
It provides that the Postmaster General may,
from time to time, in his discretion, dispose of any
quarterly returns of mails sent or rrreived, pre-
serving the accounts current and all voucheis ac-
companying such accounts, and use such portions
of the proceeds as may be necessary to defiay the
cost of separating and disposing Of the same; with
a proviso that the accounts shall be preserved en-
tire at least two years.
Mr. KING. I will inquire of (lie chairman of
that committee in what way he supposes these re-
turns are to be disposed of?
Mr. YULEE. I suppose either by sale or de-
I struction; probably by sale.
Mr. KING. I think they had better be de-
stroyed rather than have them scattered about.
Mr. YULEE. They are of no possible value
to any one. The accounts have ail become obso-
lete; and it is stated by the Auditor that the accu-
mulation now occupies eighteen rooms full, and
they have no other place in winch to put them
without till owing the fuel for the Department out
of doors. Tbet-e was a former act on the subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. In 1854 there was a sim-
ilar act, only not taking effect in the future, but
disposing of those which had accumulated up to
that time. I would inquire whether those rooms
are filled with returns which have accumulated
since that time?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir; since that time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
thud time, and passed.
private calendar.
Mr. MASON. There was a resolution offered
by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
a few days ago, requesting the Court of Claims
to return the papers in the case of Alexander J.
Atocha. I ask that it may be taken up.
Mr. IVERSON. This is the day set apart by
resolution for the consideration of the Private
Calendar. I have no objection to allowing reports
and petitions to come in, but I must object to any-
thing being taken up out of its order, and to the
introduction of any resolution that will give rise
to debate.
The VICEPRESIDENT. If the morning busi-
ness be through with, the Private Calendar must
be taken up.
Mr. HALE. 1 must make one appeal to the
Senate. I hold in my hand a bill for the relief
of Major Kendrick, and I will occupy about three
minutes in stating what it is. I ask the Senate
to take it up. Major Kendrick was an officer of
the Mexican war 
Mr. COLLAMER. I rise to a question of
order. I understood the Chair to decide that
nothing but the Private Calendar was in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decided
that it was his duty to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that this day has been set apart
for the Private Calendar. The Senate, however,
can do anything by unanimous consent. If the
Senator from Vermont objects to the Senator from
New Hampshire going on, he is not in order.
Mr. 1VERSON. If the Senator from Vermont
does not object, I must feel it my duty to object.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone the prior
ordeis for the purpose of taking up that bill, if
that motion is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. HALE. If the Senate will give me their
attention for a minute I think they will agree to
this motion. In 1848, when our Army was leav-
ing Mexico, Major Kendrick had charge of a
train, and while it was in his charge one of the
wagons of specie was robbed of $1,296. The
accounting officers say they are satisfied it was
robbed without any negligence or any default on
his part, of any sort whatever; but still they cannot
help charging it to him. That is the report of
the Comptroller, which has been transmitted to
Congress, and it is now ten years ago since the
transaction occurred. The Military Committee
of the House of Representatives and of the Sen-
ate have unanimously reported that he ought to
be relieved. This faithful officer stands charged
with money of which he was robbed, without any
carelessness, without any fault of his. The House
have passed the bill, and the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs of the Senate unanimously recom-
mend its passage. If it be put at the end of the
Calendar, it will never be reached. I move that
the prior orders be postponed for the purpose of
taking it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are several cases,
one case at least that 1 have reported, and one or
two others that I have charge of, which are quite
as pressing as that, and which have been on the
Calendar for some time. That bill was only re-
ported yesteiday. I object to taking it up out of
order.
Mr. POLK. I wish to state that thorn are sev-
eral other cases on the Calendar, which are, I have
no doubt, as meritorious, and the circumstances
of which are almost exactly the same as those of
the case pressed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust that the motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire will not be sus-
tained by the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw it.
Mr. 1VERSON. We had better go on with
the Private Calendar, in regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yesterday, the
Private Calendar was progressed with by calling
those cases that did not lead to debate. If it is
the pleasure of the Senate, the Chair will continue
the call of those bills that do not lead to debate.
Mr. IVERSON. The rule is to take up the
Calendar in its order. The course pursued yes-
terday was merely a temporary departure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the cases not ob-
jected to will be gone through with. It will take
but a little time to dispose of them.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 will state why I object to
that. This is the only day, probably, that the
Senate will give to the consideration of the Pri-
vate Calendar if we adjourn on the 7th of June;
and it is proper that the cases should be taken up
in theirorder. We can in themormng hour, here-
after, take up those cases which are not objected
to.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. It will take but a short
j time to go through with those cases that are not
objected to, and we may do good to persons whose
cases will not otherwise be reached.
Mr. IVERSON. It will take the whole day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. IVERSON. I yield to what seems to be
the disposition of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The calling of the
Calendar will be commenced at the point we left
oft" yesterday morning, and only those bille will
