THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Chriat-like religion which requires us to do unto
others as we would that they should do unto us.
I cannot stop here to defend the character or the
religion of the Pilgrim Fathers, or the character
or the religion of the Boston clergy, against the
aspersions of men who regard a community of
masters and slaves, tools and despots, as the
highest type of civilization. If their lives have
been characterized by justice and humanity, no
wonder they are slandered by men of opposite
principles .and feelings. If they are men of God
themselves, they cannot hope to be appreciated fey
men who enslave God's image. If their religion
is the religion of Christ, they cannot expect it
will receive the approbation of men who claim
property in the souls and bodies of Christ's liv-
ing temples. Vice and virtue; religion and infi-
delity, are antagonisms, and will never harmo-
nize or become the friends and supporters of each
other.
Bat resolutions have been read to this body
frons the. State of Texas, and several gentlemen
on the South side of the House have assured us
that unless they can be permitted to force the Le-
compton swindle on the people of Kansas, the
Union will be, or may be, dissolved; and some of
them have intimated that if the Union should be
dissolved, southern fire and southern swords will
lay waste the entire North, East, and West; that
our beautiful villages, towns, and cities, will be-
come-smoking ruins, and our streets rivers of
blood. How frightful the picture ! But have gen-
tlemen duly considered the power and strength of
the North, East, and West, combined, and the
comparative weakness of the South ? Have they
duly considered that if the Union should be dis-
solved, and a civil war should ensue, the slave-
holders will have quite business enough on hand
to defend themselves, their wives, and their chil-
dren against the smothered vengeance of a down-
trodden race, without troubling the free States
with their hostile forces? But the everlasting cry
of disunion has no terrors in it. It is simply ridic-
ulous. It is not in the power of Congress, of all
the office-holders in the Government, and all tile
slaveholders combined, to dissolve this Union. If
the question should seriously arise, the people
will have something to say about it. They are
theall-powerful links that bind thisgloriousUnion
together indissolubly. Their voice is for union,
as well as for liberty now and forever; and then-
voice is the supreme law of the land, and must
and will be obeyed. They have witnessed the
happiness, growth, and prosperity of the country
under the Union. They have seen its power at
home and abroad. They know that its Hag floats
over every ocean and every sea; and they know
that that flag is respected and feared by all nations;
and they are justly proud of the Union; and they
will never consent that it shall be broken up. But
if there aie any restless traitors in the country,
who are tired of the Union, and desire to get out
of it, in Heaven's name let them go. Let thorn go.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SINGLETON obtained the floor.
Mr. BENNETT. If the gentleman will yield,
I will move that the committee rise. [Cries of
"No!" " No !"1
Mr. SINGLETON. I have not occupied any
portion of the time of the House since I have been
here; and 1 would prefer, if it meets with the ap-
proval of members, to speak in the morning. I
am perfectly willing to yield the floor to-night, if
I can have it in the morning.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to say that, while it
is unpleasant to speak to benches, still, as there
is great anxiety on the part of many members to
speak, I will, if I get the floor now, occupy half
my time this evening, and finish my remarks in
the morning. I presume the Chair would recog-
nize the agreement of members.
Mr. SINGLETON. If the committee consent
to it, I have no objection.
Mr. DEWART. I object to it.
Mr. KELLOGG. It will make but half an
hour's difference.
TheCHAlRMAN. Does thegentleman yield?
Mr. SINGLETON. If it be the agreement that
I get the iloor to-morrow, I have no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the Chair will recognize the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
No objection was made.
• Mr. KELLOGG, The meeting of this com-
mittee this evening reminds me somewhat of a
.meeting which I had an account of not long since,
in a communication from my district. It is as-
sumed there, whether true or not, that the distin-
guished Senator csflled the Little Giant has very
much the advantage of the President in ^ur State;
and it is the habit of the people there to get up
what they call demonstrations. It became neces-
sary for the Administration party to get up a dem-
onstration also; and after due consideration and
consultation of the heads of that party, consist-
ing of a few postmasters and deputy marshals,
they concluded to hold a Buchanan demonstra-
tion. They posted large printed handbills, and
made a display of banners, of music, and beat-
ing of drums; and after parading the streets, they
marched into a spacious hall, nearly as large as
this, though it had not so much tinsel as decorates
this room; and after all had gathered together,
they counted up, and had precisely three—two
postmasters and one deputy marshal; and one
being a little more facetious than the rest, pro-
posed they should adjourn by singing, " When
shall wo three meet again?" And they did ad-
journ by singing, altering the original a little:
" When shall we three meet again,
111 thunder, lightning, or in rain ?
When ttie huriy-liurly's done—
When freedom's Io*t and slavery's won,
Then shall wu three meet again."
And, sir, I trust in God they will never meet
again on that condition.
Mr. Chairman, what is the element that has
aroused the people of this great nation to an in-
tensity of thought and political action seldom, if
ever, before known? Is it only because crimes
have been committed and frauds perpetrated in
Kansas ? No, sir. Is it because political parti-
san strife has frenzied the minds of the people ?
No, sir, it is not that. But it is because the Gov-
ernment has been, and now is, prostituted to the
vile purpose of restricting freedom and extending
slavery. It is because the policy of the fathers
of the Republic has been debauched from the doc-
trines of its early days as announced by Wash-
ington, Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe, who, as
statesmen and philosophers, comprehended the
evils of the institution of slavery, and provided
against its extension by prohibiting its expansion
into any of the temtories of the then Confederacy;
who denounced it as an evil, a despotism, an op-
pression, and hope fully and confidently looked for-
ward to its ultimate extinction by the action of
the States in which it was tolerated. And now,
sir, in the nineteenth century, in this day of prog-
ress, improvement, and intelligence, while the
moral sense of the civilized world is shockcd by
its contemplation, the great, the only absorbing
subject of consideration before the American Con-
gress is, shall human slavery be extended over,
and established in, a new sovereign State, an em-
pire of freemen, established on our own domain,
molded and fashioned by our own countrymen,
and springing into life by the breath and at the
bidding of the free Government of the United
States; and that even against the expressed and
determined wjll of her people ?
This, sir, has aroused the great mass of think-
ing mind of America that is destined to control
her action, direct her energies, and perpetuate her
national existence. This revolution of govern-
mental policy so aroused the public mind that a
necessity was produced that called into existence
the Republican party, whose mission is to lead
back the Government to its original doctrines of
freedom and purity of purpose, and when that is
accomplished, to keep watch and ward that it be
not again despoiled; the propriety and necessity
of which 1 propose to consider.
Mr. Chairman, four years ago the country was
in repose. The two prominent political parties !
were emulous of each other in their protestations [
that there was a final adjustment of the exciting i
subject of slavery extension. The Missouri com- '
promise had not been disturbed; and whether bind- I
ing as a statute law or not, it was obligatory, be- j
cause of the expressed consent of the people,
North and South, as the settled policy of the !
country. Having received its strongest support j
from southern members at its passage, the North !
had acquiesced and pledged its faith for its per- |
manency. It had challenged and received the I
sanction and commendation of the whole country .
for more than thirty years. I
Men of high position and commanding intellect
pointed to it as possessing not only the form and
sanction of law, but the power and sanction of the
will of the people, the source of all law, and there-
fore obligatory on their hearts and consciences
as a mutual and friendly adjustment of a con-
troversy that then endangered the union of the
States. But, sir, in an evil hour, evil to the coun-
try, evil to him who conceived the bold design of
its abrogation, that policy, " akin to the Consti-
tution," was abrogated and annulled. The bar-
rier for freedom, which had remained intact for
thirty years,- was as chaff in the hands of the
spoiler, when its destruction was demanded to se-
cure and advance the interest of the party then in
power.
The motive that induced that act of evil conse-
quences, the country must determine. Its results
are " around us and upon us." The twenty mil-
lion freemen of the North did not ask it. Did the
four hundred thousand slaveholders of the South
demand it? Let him answer who now most
keenly feels the legitimate results of his own rash
act.
Kansas was free in fact. It is now a slave Ter-
ritory; and the President tells us in his message,
with that complacancy and apparent pleasure that
always accompany the success of a darling pur-
pose, that " Kansas is now as much a slave State
as Georgia or South Carolina;"and never did re-
sult follow its immediate cause more'truly than
has this result followed the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise.
The effect was seen from the beginning, and the
country warned of the results that have followed;
and step after step in this sure and determined
march of wrong and violence has left its record
of outrage upon the natural and constitutional
rights of the freemen of Kansas, until the object
of that measure has been accomplished in the only
way, ill sympathy and keeping with the institu-
tion it has established there.
But, sir, in presenting to the committee the views
I entertain on the great question of the day—I
mean the question of the rights of the people of
the Territory of Kansas—I propose to speak of
the present: the past is beyond our reach, only as
we may profit by its record. We have to do with
time as it passes. What of wrong and violence
there has been perpetrated in Kansas, is now of
history. And while we regret and deplore the
sad history of our young and hopeful Territory,
all blotched as it is with outrage and crime, we
must look to the present and to the future to do
her justice. True, you cannot bring back to life the
dead, murdered by her invading foe. You cannot
obliterate the remembrance of her hearth-stones
desecrated, and the sanctity of her social life in-
volved; but, sir, you can give her security for the
future; her sacked and pillaged towns can be re-
built; her printing press restored, and her ballot-
box made secure from the contaminations of fraud
and the hands.of violence.
You can give her back that of which she had
been robbed, the right, the boast of every Amer-
ican citizen, the right to be free—free to form her
own organic State sovereignty; free to present to
Congress her own constitution in herownwayand
time. This, sir, is what we ask; this is what the
people of Kansas ask. It is her right, and she
has sworn upon her altars to maintain it; and it
being her right, and because it is in strict accord-
ance with the theory and elements of our govern-
ment and its institutions, no earthly power can
p'revent her ultimate success. You may cripple
her energies for a time; you may send an armed
invading force and imprison her people; you may
lay waste her country and destroy her towns,
again and yet again; still, while the great Amer-
ican heart sends its pulsating blood through the
veins of freemen, Kansas, though broken, cannot
be conquered.
It behooves us then to consider well the real
issue now before Congress for its immediate ac-
tion, Many issues have been made; many and
varied views have been taken bygentlem'en upon
this floor; buvt to my mind there is but one ques-
tion to be decided. All others are but incidental,
or rather as the result and fruit of the one; and
that sir, is, shall Kansas be admitted as a slave
State ? To that at last must this question come.
Gentlemen from the South appreciate this, and
are prepared to meet this question upon its own
merits, disrobed of all false covering, political
