170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
Now about the message of the President of the
United States. He says their actions are in vio-
lation of the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and are the proper subjects for the juris-
diction of the civil magistrate. What actions?
Actions amounting to rebellion? When commit-
ted? and by what authority? The President says
that Governor Young in his proclamation de-
clared his intention to maintain his power by
force, and that the people of Utah have already
committed acts of hostility against the United
States. Acts amounting to rebellion? The Presi-
dent himself has pronounced his decision upon
the matter that unless Brigham Young retrace his
steps, the Territory of Utah will be in open re-
bellion. But no act, according to the message of
the President of the United States, has yet been
committed which amounts to rebellion. Well, sir,
what subsequent developments—what authentic
official documents have you had of any rebellion
in Utah? None. And 1 ask again whether, upon
mere fugitive accounts of a proclamation by Brig-
ham Young, we are to assume that there is a re-
bellion in that Territory ? Are you going to as-
sume upon a state of facts which the President
himself says do not amount to rebellion ? If you
cannot do that, I ask upon whatauthority do you
adopt this preamble, asserting that there is rebel-
lion there?
Mr. WARREN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from South Carolina a single question. He toils
us that the only evidence we have of this procla-
mation of Governor Young is a mere rumor float-
ing about in the newspapers. I refer the gentle-
man to the message of the President of the United
States, and ask him if Lhe President does not state
that Governor Young has issued a proclamation
declaring his intention to maintain his power by
fo ree ?
Mr. KEITT. I saw it here, and I attach all
the importance to it. which legitimately belongs
to it. But to what extent does this declaration
go? Has not the President of the United States
sent a regiment or two to Utah? If he believed
that Brigham Young intended to maintain his
authority by force—if he believed that he intended
to commit acfs of hostility against the Federal
authority—would he have sent a single regiment
or two under the circumstances? Does not ho
come to us now, and ask un for un increase of the
military force of the country, in order to test
whether Brigham Young does mean to maintain
his authority by force ? If lie believed this dec-
laration was a declaration of war, why did not
he say so, and why did he not send a force ade-
quate to meet the exigency ? I take the practical
commentary which the President makes upon his
own declaration; and as I do not find the procla-
mation spread out in the message, I say that I do
not yet know what that proclamation is.
1 go a step further. Suppose (here is rebellion
there. Rebellion against what? Against the con-
stituted authorities? Who are the constituted au-
thorities? The Federal officers. What have they
called upon you for? If they have called upon you
for anything, it has been for troops to repress this
rebellion. If there could be rebellion, what could
you do? Why,ciush it out, and then make those
who committed the act amenable to the laws.
You should enforce the laws; but this is not the
way to do it. What, sir, is the very character of
this Government? A representative polity. Sir,
the idea of representation is essential to the very
structure and organization of the Government.
Whom do you represent?
Mr. SEWARD. Will the gentleman allow me
one question ?
Mr. KEITT. Certainly.
Mr. SEWAIID. I should like the gentleman
from South Carolina to inform me by what au-
thority of the Constitution of the United States
the Delegate of a Territory holds his seat upon
this floor, and is equal to the gentleman from
South Carolina under the Constitution ?
Mr. KEiTT. Whenever I raise that question,
I will answer it.
Mr. SEWARD. A very convenient way to
dodge the question. The gentleman laised that
point, and a number of others.
Mr. KEITT. I was saying this: that repre-
sentation. was essential to the very polity and
structure of the Government; and I asked you
whom you, or any gentleman upon this floor, rep-
resent? and I wob ohout to sav, nota ff-^ scMteru!
and disbanded individuals. You represent a sys-
tem. You represent a political organization, and
not mere individuals: and I meant then to say that,
if that Territory was in rebellion—if it was our
Territory and within our jurisdiction, and the
Delegate from Utah was the only true man upon
all the soil, and not in rebellion, under your laws
and in conformity to the structure of your Govern-
ment, he has a right to a seat on this floor. He
neither represents a mere man in rebellion, or out
of rebellion. He represents a political system;
and while that political system exists, he has a
right to a seat upon this floor.
Now, sir, I come to the question of the gentle-
man from Georgia. Politically he is not my
equal. He cannot vote. He represents a system
inferior, one which revolves within the circle of
the States. He is not here by the Constitution
of the United States, but he is here by the organic
act of your Territory and through the courtesy
of a statute law.
Mr. SEWARD. He is then but an agent of
the Territory of Utah ?
Mr. KEITT. Unquestionably.
Mr. SEWARD. If, then, a mischievous agent
is hurtful to this Government, cannot we dispose
of him?
Mr. KEITT. He is here, in the first place, by
the law of the land; and in the second place there
is no charge against him. That is the answer.
I mean fo say that this House, with the con-
sent of the Senate, may repeal the organic act of
that Territory. But, sir, in the country there are
three schools upon the question. One thinks that,
by some geological property in the dirt, or some
pneumatic essence iri the air, the people of a Ter-
ritory are vested with indefeasible sovereignty.
That school cannot consistently vote to repeal
or abolish the territorial act.
There is another school which believes that
Congress is sovereign; that it can establish what
form of government itpleases in aTerritoiy; that
it can build up classes and distribute titles to any-
body. It believes in the omnipotence of the Fed-
eral Government.
There is another class who pretermit the ques-
tion of the origin of our l ight over the Territories;
and who believe that its exercise is restricted by
the very structure of the Government. That class
believes that the Federal Government is the agent
of the States.
I do not mean to discuss this question at large.
I meiely wish to put myself ri^ht. I really think
this House has involved itself "in something of a
contradiction. Yesterday we declared that the
House should adjourn for ten days; and to-day,
under a resolution offered by the gentleman from
Arkansas, we declare that war exists. Wo say
that Utah is in a state of rebellion; that that Ter-
ritory should be subjected; and we adjoin n tor ten
days, and thus cut the very sinews of war. if it
is true that a war does exist, should we ad]ouru
for ten days? and if we do not believe that it ex-
ists, should we declare in a resolution that it does ?
I intended, at one time, to discuss this measure
more at large; butas I understand that other busi-
ness of grave importance, which will cany us to
other scenes, will be before the House when this
matter is disposed of, I do not choose, both from
considerations of its nature, and becausc of delay,
to discuss the matter further. Therefore I move,
though opposed to the whole thing, to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The question was taken; and the motion to re-
consider was laid on the table.
Mr. PETTIT obtained the floor.
PRIVILEGES OF THE HALL, ETC-
Mr. FAULKNER. As I understand that the
purpose for which the gentleman has arisen in-
volves an adjournment of the House, I ask him
to permit me, before he proceeds, to make a re-
port from the select committee, concerning some
matters affecting the organization of the House
and the anangement of the Hail.
Mr. PETTIT. I will yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr FAULKNER. I have been instructed by
the select committee to make a partial report at
this time. I ask that it may be read.
The report was read, and is as follows:
1. Resolved. That the Speaker assign portions of the gal-
leries tor the n«e of the pre^, tor the foreign niimstei«,aiul
fm a ladies" aall'jiy
i). r;< mm"-.', Tiuv th^ .'Ontl* lehhv, and the <?n?tand wcM
lobbies, south of the principal staircases, be reserved for the
use of members and persona admitted to the floor of the
Hall-
3. Resolved, That the supenntendent cause the repouers*
< allery to be properly fitted up with desks and seats, and
conveniences for writing and taking notes.
4. Resolved, That the telegraph and reporters' room be
reserved lor the use of the telegraphic companies and re-
P°5^Resolved, That the superintendent cause the shelves
to be removed from the rooms now occupied as document
rooms, and cause the rooms to be fitted up as coat and cloak
rooms.
6. Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be authorized to ap-
point six additional assistant doorkeepers, or messengers, at
the lowest rate of compensation now provided for such of*
fleers, and also to appoint six additional laborers at a com-
pensation of $1 50 a day.
7. Resolved, That the 17th, 18th, and 19th rules of the
House be rescinded, and that the following be adopted as
additional rules in lieu thereof:
Rule 17. That no person except members of the Senate,
their Seeretary, heads of Departments, the President's Pri-
vate Secretary, the Governor for the time being of any
State, and the judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States, shall be admitted within the Hall of the House of
Representatives.
Rule 18. Stenographers and reporters, other than the offi-
cial reporters of the House, wishing to lake down the de-
bates, may be admitted by the Speaker to the reporters'
gallery over the Speaker's chair, butnot on the floor of the
House; but no person shall be allowed the privileges of said
gallery under the character of stenographer or reporter,
without a written permission of the Speaker, specifying the
part of the saidgalleiy assigned to him; nor shall said ste-
nographer or repoiter be admitted to said galleiy unless he
shall state in writing for what paper or papeis he is em-
ployed to repoit; nor shall he be admitted, or, if admitted,
be suffered to retain his seat, if he shall be or become an
agent lo prosecute any claim pending before Congress, and
the Speaker shall give his written permission with this con-
dition.
8. Resolved, That the committee Ik; allowed further time
to report upon such other matters as have been referred to
their consideiation, and which are not embraced m this re-
poit.
Mr. FAULKNER. The committee, as the
House will perceive, have reported only in part.
They hastened this morning to prepare their
report to the extent they have done, affecting the
arrangement of the Hall, and the organization of
the House, in order that, if it shall be approved
by the House, the arrangements may all be made
during the rccess, and before the reassembling of
Congress on the 4th of January next. Most of
the matters embraced in the resolutions are as
familiar to the members of the House as they are
to the committee, and will require no explanation
or remark.
The first portion of the resolution adopted by
the House instructed us to inquire what additional
messengers or other officers would be required
for the preservation of the order of the House.
The committee have given that subject a very
careful examination and consideration.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will hear it.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire that the gentleman
shall tell the House how many employes the
Doorkeeper of the House now has by the authority
of the House?
Mr. FAULKNER. The instructions under
j, which we acted required us to ascertain what ad-
! ditional force is required. Under the old rcgula-
!j lions there were nine messengers or doorkeepers.
Ij The committee unanimously arrived at the con-
!{ elusion that, in consequence of the larger area of
!j this Hall, its extended corridors and lobbies,and
!j tiie general arrangement of the Hall and building,
the Doorkeeper could notdischarge his duties and
preserve the order of this House unless an addi-
tional force of six doorkeepers or messengers was
allowed him. That was the unanimous opinion
of the committee, after a most careful examination
of the whole subject. Upon that point there was
no difference of opinion whatever.
The only departure which this report proposes
to make from the arrangement of the Hall and gal-
leries as they have heretofore been arranged m
| the old building, is the proposal to set apart a por-
• tion of the galleries for the accommodation of for-
j eign ministers. It will be seen, sir, by reference
i to the historical notes which are appended to the
| rules of the House, that, from the earliest period
1 of the Government, in the very first resolution in-
tioduced into this House upon the subject, for-
eign ministers were regarded as entitled to the
' privileges of the floor, and amidst all the muta-
! tions that have occurred in these rules, sometimes
| limiting and sometimes extending them, this priv-
j ilege has uniformly been accorded to foreign min-
! jptrrs; not, sir, as any personal compliment to
