218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hill.
Ho. of Reps.
With exultant tone we are told that she will
rule no more. Be it so. In withdrawing from
the ship of State, we may, at least, with pride
look back upon the track she has traced upon the
pathway of nations, marked, as it is, by imper-
ishable monuments of man's cheering progress;
and we may point to the storms of faction, the
open assaults of foreign and domestic foes, and
the treacherous deceits of pretending friends,
which, under the pilotage of the South, and the
Constitution her only chart, she has nobly weath-
ered; and now with all her banners aloft, "her fame
established, and her name unstained, with placid
seas beneath, and smiling heavens above her,
freighted with the hearts, the hopes, the liberties
of mankind—we will resign her as the greatest,
the noblest trust that ever came from the hands
of men. In the language of my friend from South
Carolina, [Governor Hammond,] " great will be
our honor and your responsibility;" and be sure
that you let the world behold, when we demand
her back, as demand her back we may, that you
restore the emblem of her glory with no stripe
erased—every star undimmed. Sir, I neither de-
plore this loss of power, nor fear its consequences
to the South. She will be more than ever watch-
ful of her rights, more sternly resolved to main-
tain them.
If she has hitherto betrayed a high degree of
sensitiveness upon the agitation of the slavery
question in Congress, when that agitation was
dwarfed by the fact that the balance of power in
this fo> urn rendered it almostan abstraction, what
must she feel when, recalling the threats of her
enemies, she finds her voice not only impotent
here, but all the branches of the Government in
their hands to enforce them?
Sir, the union of those States must soon depend
upon the constitutional and conservative action of
this sectional party; and as successful aggression
rarely pauses in its carecr, it bccomcs the duty
of the South to learn, while time for calm reflec-
tion and counsel still remains, the position she is
to occupy in this Union.
Conservative as I am. hopeful if not confident,
that our darkening political heavens will grow
brighter, and that we shall realize politically that
the daikcst hour is just before the dawn, I yet
trust, nay I well know, she will never submit to
that greatest of all degradation to a free people, a
voluntary existence undera violated Constitution.
It is not for me to indicate the path she may,
in her wisdom, pursue; but,sir, wherever it may
load, be it gloomy or bright, my whole heart is
with her, and she will find me treading it with
undivided affections.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. JOSHUA HILL,
OF GEORGIA,
In ihb house of rki'kf.slntanvls,
March 29, 1853.
Th" linage bmng in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. HILL said:
Mr. Chairman: I congratulate you,sir, that
after this protracted discussion, we find you to-
day stijl able to occupy your seat; for, fiom the
Inngand wearisome taskwhich has devolved upon
you, one might well suppose that you would be
found in the condition of the afflicted man of Uz,
" broken in pieces with words." Could there be
such a tiling as a Representative without a con-
stituency, I should not on this occasion utter one
single remark. Hut, sir, it is in deference to the
high-spirited and intelligent people I leave be-
hind, and whose Representative I am, that I es-
say upon this occasion to make known the feel-
ings and sentiments which will govern me in the
course I shall take in regard to the matter now
under consideration.
It is not inappropriate that in the beginning I
should say, that, in kind and familiar conversa-
tions i have held with gentlemen of various shades
of political opinion — and I am happy to say I
know no enemies, personally, among those who
occupy this floor—I have been asked to forbear the
expression of my peculiar views upon this floor,
lestpcrchuncc I might say something that might
wound friends of this party or of that. I hope
that I have as kind a nature as becomes any man;
but I have found, in such cases, that it is safest for
a man to be his own judge of the course proper for
him to pursue; and so I have determined, irre-
spective of the advice given me, to go my own
way. I am like the Frenchman, who consulted
his wife as to the mode of building his house,
and when, after hearing his plans, she agreed that
they were most admirable, he said, " well, mad-
ame, it is very well that you think so, for it is all
the same; the house would have been built that
way any how."
I do not propose to address myself exclusively,
by any means, to the immediate subject under
consideration. I propose to take a somewhat
wider range. I am in the habit of doing so. I
am in the habit, I may say, of inveighing against
that spirit which pervades the American nation,
and which is so hurtful, in my judgment, to its
prosperity and well-being. I speak it in no un-
lcindness of spirit to those who are now in power,
or to those who will, in all human probability,
succeed them. But the evil of the day is, in my
judgment, the partisan spirit that pervades the
land—the spirit that tolerates nothing of manly
independence in thought, or action, but requires
blind obedience to the dictates, and behests of
party. Sir, dear to me as are the fortunes ot the
organization to which I belong, and devoted as I
am to them, if it should ever assume the control
of this Government, (which, I confess, looks at
this time like a very remote possibility,) and
should presume to dictate rules of thought and
action to me, I would leave the organization, and
if I could not find one agreeable to associate with
thereafter I would stand aloof, though I should
stand by myself.
For the few thoughts which I may utter on this
occasion—for they will be few—I beg the indul-
gence of the House. I had prepared something
in a wholly different vein from that in which 1
now propose to speak, but I have yielded it up to
my own better judgment. If my thoughts suit
not others I can only say in the spirit of the re-
mark of the renowned Bacon: "So I think: let
those who can, think more wisely."
Mr. Chairman, the year 1854, a yearever mem-
orable and renowned in the annals of this nation
by the extraordinary events that marked its pas-
sage, dawned on the American people as peace-
fully, as happily, and as benignly, as any one that
had maiked our brief but blessed career as a na-
tion. The disappointments and acerbities grow-
ing out of the then recent presidential election had
subsided in the country. Under the influence of
the legislation of 1850—known as the compromise
measures of that year—and of the wise and con-
servative Administration of him who justly earned
the proud title of the " Model President,5' the
country was marching on without a single obsta-
cle m its carecr of progress and glory.
Sir, I have been accustomed to think that, in
an evil hour, (1 trust it may yet prove otherwise,
for I fain would that good should come of it,) for
some purpose as yet, perhaps, unavowed, and
certainly by me not wholly understood, it became
a matter of Democratic policy to inaugurate terri-
torial governments for those immense wilds and
wastes, solitudes of prairie and forest, known as
Nebraska and Kansas. I never could perceive
the pressing necessity of these measures at the
time. The highest estimate that was made by
any speaker on the occasion was, that in all those
vast Territories there were not over nine hun-
dred white souls, consisting, as they did, of hunt-
ers, trappers, and traders, with very few women
and children among them. If I were disposed to
be invidious, I might conjecture that the motive
for the organization of those Territories was to
carve out offices for dependants and expectants.
I do not know that there was any such design,
and therefore I make no such imputation.
But, if it had stopped there, although I think it
was a piemature act, the country would not have
complained. It was not a very grave error, if
error it was. But the momentous part of the
matter was this: that in this act of legislation the
Democratic party adopted the suggestion of a then
political opponent—Mr. Dixon, of Kentucky—to
repeal a measure which had stood on the statute-
book for thirty years; which had received the
sanction of a slaveholding President and of a
Cabinet second in intelligence and worth to none
that ever graced the Federal city. It had existed
through successive Administrations, including
that of the hero of the Hermitage—devoted as he
was, heart and soul, in every pulsation, to the
interests of the South. And during all that time
no man had come forward and asked for its repeal.
Sir, it is a matter of history that at the time
the proposition was made, the Washington Union,
then conducted by a politician of signal ability,
came out in an editorial the very next day, and
denounced the proposition as a Whig trick, de-
signed to divide and distract the Democratic
party. The more cautious and distinguished
chairman of the Senate's Committee on Territo-
ries, who had reported those bills, did not follow
the lead of the organ of the party. He, Jike a
prudent generalissimo, took time to reflect upon
the proposition. Ay, sir, he slept upon it; and
when his strong and vigorous intellect came to
a conclusion, he rose, like a strong man, from
his slumbers, resolved that he would do the deed
or perish in attempting to execute it. The sug-
gestion was incorporated into those measures,
and became part and parcel of them, and impar-
tial history must ever record that whatever of
glory, of renown, or of shame, may attach to
the transaction, the name of the distinguished
Senator from Illinois must stand out in the front
rank, towering above all others, as its advocate
and defender. There he stands yet; and no mat-
ter how he may be contemned and derided to-
day, he is regarded as the father of this great
measure, and history will so record him.
But there was another who had been thought
worthy, at one time, to bear the standard of the
Democratic party to battle—a veteran in politics,
and a statesman who stood deservedly high. I
allude, sir, to General Cass, who, on the 20th of
February, 1854, in the Senate of the United States,
gave utterance, in a carefully prepared speech, to
the expression of doubts and misgivings as to the
wisdom and propriety of this act. The distin-
guished Senator said:
" Mr. President, I have not withheld the expression of
my regret elsewhere, nor shall I withhold it here, that this
question of repeal of the Missoun compromise, which opens
all the disputed points connected with the subject of con-
gressional action upon slavery in the Territories of the Uni-
ted States, has been brought before us. I do not tlunk the
piactieal advantages to result from the measure will out-
weigh the injury which the ill-feeling, fated to accompany
the discussion of this subject through the country, is sure to
produce. And I was confirmed in this impression from what
was said by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon,] and fiom North
Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] and also by the remaiks which fell
fiom the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and in
winch I fully concur, that the South will never receive any
benefit fiom this measure, so far as rcspects the extension
of slavery; for, legislate as we may, no human power can
establish it in the regions defined by these bills. And such
were the sentiments of two eminent patriots, to whose ex-
eitions we ate gieatly indebted foi the satisfactory termina-
tion nf the difficulties of 1850, and who since passed from
their labois, and, I tiust, to their reward. Thus believing,
I should have been better content had the whole subject
been leit as it was by the bill when first introduced by the
Senator from Illinois?, without any provision regarding the
Missouri compromise. I am aware that it was reported that
I intended topiopose the repeal of that measure, but it was
an enor. My intentions were wholly misunderstood. I had
no design whatever to take such a step, and th us resuscitate
a deed of conciliation which had done its work, and done it
well, and which was hallowed by patriotism, by success,
and by its association with great names, now transferred to
history. U belonged to a past generation; and in the midst
of a political tempest which appalled the wisest and firmest
in the land, it had said to the waves of agitation, Peace, be
still, and they became stili. Jt would have been better, in
my opinion, not to distm b its slumber, as all useful and prac-
tical objects could have been attained without it. But the
question is here without my agency."
Thus, sir, discoursed General Cass. But in
the same spirit to which I have alluded, he after-
wards overcame his convictions of the impro-
priety of this repeal, and gave his vote for it.
Mr. Chairman, let it not be understood, from
what I may say here in relation to the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, that I was ever its
eulogist or its advocate; for however vain and
presumptuous it might appear in me to dissent
from its great authors and advocates, I must say
in truth, from the convictions of my best judg-
ment, that the measure was extra-constitutional.
So believing, had I been acting at the time of its
adoption, I do not scruple to say that I would
have seen the union of these States further imper-
iled than I believe it was in 1820, before I would
