1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
them, but as a just act of international courtesy;
as h roci procation by us of a courtesy which is
uniformly extended by all the countries?, in Europe
and elss-wixTC, with winch we have diplomatic
leidlions, to our ministers abroad. Inasmuch,
therefore, as wo design to cxclude foreign minis-
ters from the privilege of the floor, which they
have enjoyed for half a century, we have pro-
vided that a gallery shall be arranged for their use.
With reference to the rules of the House, upon
the fullest reflection that the committee could give
to the subject, they thought it was essentially ne-
cessary to curtail the privileges of the floor. It
is obvious that there are no arrangements in this
Hall, as there were in the old one, for the accom-
modation of the large number of persons who
were admitted as privileged persons upon the floor.
We have here galleries capable of accommodating
fifteen hundred persons. In the old building the
galleries were comparatively small, while the ac-
commodations on the floor of the Hall were large.
The committee, therefore, propose to limit the
piivileges of the floor to the persons mentioned.
With regard to that portion of the resolution in
which we were instructed to inquire into the ar-
rangements necessary for the comfort and health
of the members, I will say that the Superintend-
ent is now engaged in remedying the inconve-
niences which have been the subjectof complaint.
The arrangements tfre not completed; and it is for
that reason, more than anything else, that we have
requested a continuance of the power conferred
on us by the House, in order that we may have
all these arrangements completed to promote the
comfort and health of the members of the body.
Air. Speaker, I think there is nothing1 in the
report to give rise to debate. It was agreed to
unanimously on the part of the committee; and,
therefore, I move the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would ask the
gentleman from Vitguiiaif his resolutions exclude
from the floor the clerks of the various standing
committees of the House?
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 will remark that the
clerks of committees have never been allowed the
Erivilege of this Hall under any rule ever adopted
y the House.
"Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate—the pre-
vious question having been called.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman from Virginia
says that there are nine messengers of the House.
There are forty-nine, and I want the House to
understand it.
The question being on seconding the call for
the previous question,
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken by division*, when there
were—ayes 83, noes 49
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the whole
matter on the table.
Mr. CLEMENS. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers on the yeas
and nays, but subsequently withdrew the cali.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to postpone
the whole subject indefinitely.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
the previous question having been seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
report.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that the vote be taken
on the lesolutions separately.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose that the report of
the committee is an entire thing, not capable of
division, and that there can be no division of it.
The SPEAKER That has been the practice
of the House uniformly—that after the previous
Question is seconded, and the mam question or-
dered, there cannot be a division of the question.
Mr. BOWIE. If the proposition be suscep-
tible of division by its sense there should be a di-
vision. These are distinct propositions. Some
of them I am in favor of, and some of them I am
opposed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair whether a bill can be divided and voted on
by sections, after the previous question is sec-
onded?
The SPEAKER. The practice of the House,
so far as the Chair can remember, has been uni-
form, that where a series of resolutions have been
introduced, and the previous question seconded,
and the main question ordered, there can be no
division,but the vote must betaken on them as a
whole. That has been the consistent practice of
the House, without exception, so far as the Chair
remembers. It might have been different if there
had been a demand for a separate vote before the
previous question was seconded.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered, that we
may change that.
Mr. LETCHER. Did not the gentleman vote
in the negative ?
The SPEAKER. There was no division.
Mr. BANKS. I move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agiced to.
Mr. SEWARD. I will withdraw my motion,
and call the attention of the Chair to the 53d rule;
and I think the Chair will reverse his decision, and
hold, with me, that the proposition may be divided.
It says:
'• 53. Any member may call for the division of a que-hon.
which snail be divided, if it comprehend propositions m sub-
stance so difetinet thai, one being taken away, a substantive
pioposition '•ball remain for the dfcis-jon ol the House.—
September 15, 1837. A motion to stoke out and inM'it phal!
be dei'med indivisible—December 23, 1811 ; but a motion to
stnke out being lo.-t, shall piecitidc neitbei amendment nor
a motion ro stnke out and niseit.—Match 13, 1822."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will bay to the gen-
tleman from Geoigia that, to reverse jus decision i
upon his point of order, would be to reverse the j
uniform decisions of the House ever since the
Chair has been a member of the House—for the
last eight years.
Mr SEWARD. I think the Chair is mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be very j
happy to have the gentleman refer him to a single ,
instance where the practice has been dilTeient.
'Mr. FLORENCE. 1 rise to a question of or-
der. I refer the Chair to the 136th rule, which
says:
'vSIo Htaridmg, ruloor ord^mfthe Houpo phall be rescinded
oi changed without one dav's notice bemcc given of the
motion theiefor—November 13. 1701; nor shall any niie be
suspended, except bv a vote of at least two thuds of the
meitibpis present—'Starch. 13, nor *.hall the older of
business, a= establish'-d by the mles, be postponed 01
changed, except by a vote oi'at least two thirds of the mem- [
b<ns pic->i-nt—K-lpiii £6, ISO? 'J lie House mav, at any ;
time, by a vote or the majoi'ty of the member-piesentoiib- i
penrl the mle* and ciders f'n the puipo>e ot going into ttie 1
Committee ot'ihe Whole Hou>e on I'.icslate of the Union ;
and aKo foi providing lor (he .U^eiintye of the Committee [
of the Whole and the Committee of the Whole j
Ilouv* on the Mate ot the L'rnon — J^nuaru 1848—from i
tneluither eon^idetation of any bill leiericd to jt, after i
actnur without debate on ail amendments pending, and that !
mav be offered.—March 11, lb-! 1 " !
I submit, therefore, that this resolution chang- j
ing the rules of this House cannot be entertained
without previous notice.
Mr. BANKS. The rules of the House have
been referred to this committee.
The SPEAKER. Expressly referred and ex-
press authority given to the committee to report
at any time. The Chair overrules the question
of order.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to know if it is too
late to offer an amendment excluding the judges
of the Supreme Court ?
The SPEAKER. It is too late to move an
amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I thought tire gentleman
I from Georgia offered a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the nuun question was ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdrew it.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to vote for a part of
the report made by the committee, hut not for the
whole. I hope therefore the vote by which the
| main question was ordered will be reconsidered,
i and the report divided. I submit that motion.
Mr. BANKS. I move to lay the motion tore-
consider on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
A message was received from the Senate, by
As>bury Dickins, their Secretary, announcing
that the President of the United States had in-
formed the Senate that he had approved and
signed an act to authorize the issue of Treasury
notes.
Mr. SEWARD. I think we have done mis-
chief enough. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
report of the committee.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been refused.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think not. I demand
tellers upon the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The genllcman from Penn-
sylvania demanded tellers, but afterwards with-
drew the demand.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not understand the
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the yeas and nays were refused. I believe it has
been the practice of the House to entertain such
a motion.
The SPEAKER. If the yeas and nays had
been ordered, the probability is that the Chair
would have ruled the gentleman motion in order,
but as thoy weie refused, the Chair is disposed to
overrule it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think gentlemen cannot
refuse to give us an opportunity to put ourselves
upon the record.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman is upon the
record now, and the trouble i3 saved.
Mr. DEWART. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
report—
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tollers were ordered, and Messrs. Florence
and Dean were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 89, noes 52.
So the report was adopted.
Mr. FAULKNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
upon the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The motion to reconsider was then laid on the
table.
UTAH AFFAIRS.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be discharged from the
further consideration of that part of the Presi-
dent's message which relates to the Territory of
Utah, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The SPEAKER,. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
Mr. KEITT. I desire to state to the House
that I yesterday paiied off with the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hughes] on the resolution to
adjourn over. lie would have voted against the
resolution while I should have voted for it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I objected to the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
objection. The Chair begs leave to say to the
gentleman from Illinois—as he said to a gentle-
man a day or two since—that when a gentleman
desires to object to anything, if he will rise m his
place and make the objection, there can be no
misunderstanding. But, when gentlemen retain
their seats, it is impossible for the Chair to de-
termine whether objection is made or not. The
Chair did not hear the objection of the gentleman
from Illinois, and thinks it now comes too late..
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will state that I
rose from my seat twice and made the objection-
Mr. GROW. Did the gentleman make it when
he rose ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I did.
The SPEAKER. Then the objection was in
time.
DEATH OF HON. SAMUEL BRENTON.
Mr. PETTIT. It becomes my duty to bring
to the notice of the House the death of the Hon.
Samuel Brewtos, elected to it from the teni h con-
gressional district of I nd iana. This even t occurred
at his home, in Fort Wayne, in the midst of his
family, on the evening of Sunday, March 29 last,
the sequel of a fatal malady that became first man-
ifest in the midst of the trying labors that closed
the last Congress.
