1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1257
apparel, or the means by which it is to be accom-
plished. And, sir, in my judgment, he who sup-
poses that the great questions of the day can be
determined without involving the principle of j
the extension or non-extension of the institution
of slavery, beyond the limits of the slaveholding
States, mistakes the spirit of the age, and the
principles involved in the issue now under dis-
cussion.
I would not be understood by this as treating
lightly, or as unimportant, the course pursued by
the friends and authors of the Lecompton consti-
tution in Kansas. No, sir; I should feel that I had
but illy discharged my duty, should I permit such
an inference to be drawn. Too gross and too
flagrant have been the outrages committed on
American citizens resident in Kansas, to merit
other than the condemnation of all just men. But
I do mean to say that these wrongs have been the
fruit, not the root; the result, anil not the cause;
that the determination to extend the institution
of slavery into Kansas has been the first great
cause of all the desolating crimes that make up
the sad story of her early settlement, and but for
that, a brighter page would have borne the his-
tory of her early life.
In proof of this proposition, I desire to referto
the history of the times yet within our recollec-
tion. Early in the history of those outrages,when
the ballot-box was first subjugated toihe vile pur-
poses of the invaders from a neighboring State, it
was declared by a gentleman, (General Stririgfel-
low,) with whose name and fame, as connected
with the introduction of slavery into Kansas, the
people are but too well acquainted, and who was
a leading spirit of evil in those days of terror, in
a public speech, just before the election of Novem-
ber 29, 1854, at St. Joseph, Missouri, said:
(i To those who hare qualms of consciencc as to violating
laws, State or national, the tune has come when such im-
positions must be disregaided, as your rights and piopertv
are in danger; and I advise you, one and all. to enrei eveiy
election distnet in Kansas, in defiance of Keeder and Ins
vile myi tnidons, and vote at the point of the bowie knife
arid, revolver. Neither give nor take quarter, as our ease
demands it. Tt is enough that the slaveholding intei osi wills
it, from winch theie i* no appeal. What nylHliab Governor
Reeder to inle Mi^ow lans m Kansas ? His proclamation
and prescribed oath must be icpudiated. It is to your in-
terest to do so. Mind that slavery is established where it
is not prohibited."
No appeal! Freemen of my country, is there
no apnea! from the mandate of the slave power?
Freemen of the mighty North, is there no appeal ?
If not, then stretch out your willing hands to re-
ceive the manacles of slavery, and march obedient
in her eoffle; fit only to receive the lash, and do
the bidding of the taskmaster. Here, sir, is a bold ]
declaration of the object and intention of those who j
have been, or assumed to be, in the confidence, 1
and to have in keeping the slaveholding interest, !
of the southern States. And while this line of
policy was publicly avowed by speeches and by
publications, within the hearing and knowledge
of Government officials, until they became a part
of the history of the times, yet no disapproba-
tion was manifested by the Executive, nor was
any effort made to prevent this openly-threatened
violation of the laws, both territorial and national;
yea, threatened treason and rebellion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask a
question of the gentleman from Illinois. The gen-1
tleman, in the course of his remarks, spoke of
that tremendous sensation in the public mind !
which had produced the great revulsion now m |
progress. I would be glad if the gentleman would
tell us to-morrow how it oceuired in 1856? i
A Member. Wait until to-morrow.
Mr. KELLOGG. I prefer to answer the gen-
tleman just now that it is in my mind. I thank I
the gentleman for the inquiry. When the Kan- j
sas-Nebraska bill passed, the people took the i
alarm. We warned them that it was a pro-sla-1
very measure. You knewit was. What was the i
result? The North revolutionized, and sent here j
a Republican House of Representatives. Yousent ;
the dough-faces of the North back to us — the j
northern Democrats who did your bidding—and j
they told our people that it was a fair measure, I
and that the object was to make Kansas a free :
State. Partv allegiance was strong, and free-State j
pledges abundant. And that deceptive doctrine of I
non-intervention was introduced, without which j
James Buchanan could never have been elected >
President of the United States. And, sir, the j
people of the North were induced to send to this I
House a sufficient number of northern Democrats
out of which sufficient could be found, added to
the number of southern Democrats, to make a
seeming majority for this pro-slavery Adminis-
tration. And now, sir, that the real object of the
measure 'is developed, and the light of day is
breaking through the fogs of political trickery, a
revolution has commenced which will sweep the
land like a thunder-storm, and result in a Repub-
lican House of Representatives, and the election
of a republican President good and true. I now
yield.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose I cannot
have the right of submitting a few remarks with-
out wasting more time.
Mr. KELLOGG. At another time I will take
turn about with the gentleman while my time
lasts.
Mr. LAMAR. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill (H. R. No. 306) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the services of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1858, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
CENSUS OF 1860.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, asked leave to offer
the following resolution:
Revolved, Tiiat a special committee of five be appointed
by the Chair, and to continue dnung tins Congress, wlio&o
ditty it shall be to inquire into the best mode of taking tbe
census of 1860, with leave to report by bili or otherwise at
any time during the fcet&ion of Cougie&s commencing on
the first Monday of December next.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rales.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter before seven o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 23, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. E. Kingsford, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented three petitions of
citizens of the State of New York, praying that
pensions may be granted to the soldiers of the
war of 1812, and to the widows of those deceased;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Eben-
ezer Dallard and Rishworth Jordan, seamen on
board of the United States ship Adams in the war
of 1812, for themselves and other seamen in that
ship, praying for indemnity for clothing, bedding,
and other property destroyed by the blowing up
of the ship; and also to be allowed their shaie of
prize money for captures made by that ship;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Lydia
Weeks, praying to be allowed the pension to
which her husband, Jedediah Weeks, was en-
titled at the time of his death; which was refened
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of resi-
dents of Johnson count)'', Iowa, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Iowa City to
Des Moines City, in that State; which was ic-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PAPJ3RS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
OrHcle'i, Ta.it, tbe memorial and papi-M of the heirs of
General Henry ilillei. dehveied by the (Jlerk 01 the Ifonse
of lleprewnMUves to the Secretary of the Senate, by order
of that House of the 16th instant) he reteried to the Com-
imttee 011 Revolutionary Claims.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No, 210)
to create additional land districts 111 the State of
California, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Claiborne's cotton report.
Mr. SLIDELL. A communication was re-
ceived yesterday from the Department of the In-
terior, transmitting the report of Mr. Claiborne,
who was appointed special agent for the purpose
of obtaining information in regard to the consump-
tion of cotton in Europe. I move that it be printed;
and I presume this motion, as a matter of course,
will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If my colleague will allow
me, I shall propose a resolution which I have been
drawing up directing the printing of ten thousand
extra copies of that report for the use of the Sen-
ate, and I presume it will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no objection to an
amendment of that sort being; moved, though I
shall certainly not be disposed to vote for printing
ten thousand copies.
The motion was withdrawn.
coast survey report.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to take
up the resolution which I reported some time
since from the Committee on Printing in reference
to the printing of the Coast Survey report. It
can be disposed of this morning without delay
and without debate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, Thatm addition to the usual number of copies
of the repoit of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey
for the year 1837, there be printed five thousand copies for
di-lnbution from the Tieasuiy Department; that the same
bo printed and bound with the piates in quarto form ; and
that the printing of said plates shall be done to the satisfac-
tion ot the Superintendent of the Coast .Survey.
Mr. PEARCE. I have had some conversation
with the Senator from Arkansas, and I believe ho
is quite satisfied with an amendment I propose to
offer to the resolution. It is to strike out all after
the word " Resolved" down to the word 's De-
partment, " inclusive, and insert in lieu of the
words; so stricken out:
That, in addition to the usual number of copies of the
report of the Supenntendent of the Coa&t Survey office for
tiie yeai 1857, there be printed six thousand two hundred
copies, twelve bundled of which for the ut-o of the Senate,
and five thousand thereof for di&trihution by the Superin-
tendent ot the Coast Survey, under the direction of the Sec-
retary oi the Trea&iuy.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am author-
ized to say to the Senate, that the Committee on
Printing assent to this amendment. It. adds twelve
hundred copies to the number originally reported
by the committee, and those twelve hundred are
for distribution by the Senate. It is, however, a
great curtailment on the former practice, and I
i hope it will be adopted at once, arid the subject
; disposed of.
I Mr. PEARCE. I wish to say a single word; I
do not mean to enter into any debate at all. When
this subject was up before, some observations fell
from a member of the Senate, which I think con-
veyed a meaning not intended by him. There
seemed to be an imputation that there was some-
thing wrong in the management of the Coast
Survey office. I merely wish to say now that
whenever the Senate or any portion of the Senate
shall think there is any abuse in that office which
requires the correction of Congress, they will find
that office and all its friends very ready to meet
any inquiry which may be made; and I am satis-
fied that .such an investigation will show that this
branch of the public service is conducted with a
purity ami an economy of administiation not ex-
ceeded, if equaled, by any branch of the public
service; that it exhibits the most thorough and
complete scientific knowledge, the utmost accu-
racy and perfection of workmanship, and thatm
fact it places American science m the advance, or,
at all events, equally far with that of any other
country under the sun. I know this is the repu-
tation of this branch of the public service abroad.
It is only a year or two ago since the President
of the Royal Geographical Society said of it that
although the Americans were late in the iield, they
had at one bound taken the first rank. I only de-
sire to say now, that whenever it shall really be
thought that there are abuses, and an investiga-
tion shall be desired, it will be very promptly met,
and everything fully and fairly disclosed.
Mr. HALE, i hope that investigation will be
made. I do not stand here to accuse the Coast
Survey office; I do not know anything about it;
