920
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wade.
Ho. of Reps
their rights. Their reasons for that course—
whether advjsed from outside of the Territoiy or
from within—aie unknown to me. But I infer
that the advice came from distant communities,
and for purposes foreign to the interests of the
people of the Tenitory themselves. Shall this
miserable agitation which has enlisted the inter-
est and excited the sympathy of the nation for
years, continue to go on increasing in magnitude,
and perhaps increasing in'danger? Sir, 1, for one,
think it wisest to stop it where it is. Let us take
the instrument which they have sent us as their
constitution, and leave them to amend it as they
may hereafter see fit. It seems to be the conceded
doctrine that thuy can do so. It is the doctrine
of the President. Accordingto my opinion, they
may, at least, change it as the constitution pro-
vides, and in no other mode. They are bound
by what it prescribes. If it omits to presciibe
the method, they may alter it accoiding to their
own volition. And then this foul blot, this mis-
erable slain, that now lies like an incubus on the
community, and shocks the moral sense of the
people of the North, will be wiped away, and
Kansas be fitted for companionship with the sis-
terhood of the free States.
I, sir, as a southern man, have never looked
for Kansas to be a slave State, and have not ex-
pected it. That was one of the reasons why I
thought the repeal of the Missouri compromise
was unwise and unnecessary. I thought that it
wouid woik out no practical advantage to the
South, and might end in serious detriment to the
Union. I am still of that opinion. I do not be-
lieve it can over give one foot of soil to slavery;
I tiust it may never extend freedom beyond
where it would likely have been limited if the com-
promise had lived forever. But it has been sup-
posed,and often spoken of, that the opposition
arises from the desire to get possession of the Gov-
ernment. These are speculations which run
through the human mind, and you cannot get rid
of them if you would. Perhaps it may be wise
for politicians, when about to enact measures of
great magnitude, to consider the effect which they
may have on their party oiganization. But stand-
ing, as I do,—or lying, as ( might more propeily
say—between the upper and the nether millstones,
I can feel but little interest in any movement of
that sort. One has been grinding and crushing the
principles which 1 have advocated, and the other
but emulates it at every opportunity that presents
itself. 1 can say to my constituents, Americans
and Democrats, that 1 am glad to see that this
Kansas convention has taken a step in the right
direction. Senator Douglas has stigmatized, or
compained of it, because the constitution con-
tains what he is pleased to term " a little touch
of Know Nothingism"—an American feature.
Any atlirmalk>n, from any quarter, of what we
know is the true policy ot the nation, is grateful
to my heart.
Now,a word of kind advice, kindly spoken, to
gentlemen on this side of the House ! H is this:
if you contemplate the possibility of acquit ing pos-
session of this great Government, think, I beseech
you, before you take the icins m your hands, or
before you again aspire to contend for the em-
pnc, whether you ate to go headlong in your
career of denunciation of the South and her in-
stitutions, and yet hope to administer this Gov-
ernment in peace.
Properly speaking, not one word should have
been said in connection with this constitution, that
involves the question of slavery. It has been
dragged in here most improperly. It is a thing
that belonged exclusively to the local community.
It is wrong tiiat the merits or demerits of the in-
stitution should be discussed here, because they
have nothing to do with the question which we
are considering. And I, for one, as a southern
man, declare that, though 1 stand second to none
in my advocacy of our cherished institution, born
{is I was amongst it, as were my ancestors, all
slavehoidets; determined, as I am, to adhere to it,
and to abide Hs fortunes, let them lead me where
they may; desiring to die, when my time shall
come in the will of Heaven, and to be buried m
trie land of my fathers, still I will not consent to
debate the question upon this floor, because it is
not legitimately before us. I know what my rights
are, una shall 0c ready, when the time conies, if it
ever should—which God in his mercy avert!—to
assert them to the utmost extreme. 1 shall stand
prepaied to take my destiny with those who are
indissolubly linked with me. These are no idle
enunciations. I deal not in them. They are the;
earnest convictions of my heart, and I will de- j
ceive no man. I say to the North, before you :
shall succeed to power, if you do obtain the pos-
session of the Government, by all the glories of
your boasted Bunker Hill; by the memories of
your Pilgrim Fathers, whom 1 have never tra-
duced,and never will: by the common blood that
was poured out at Concord and Lexington and
Saratoga, and on the battle-fields of the South, I
implore you to give up and abandon this idea,
which is suicidal to the Confederacy, of restrict- ;
ing the institution of slavery to its presenthmits. j
What would you say, in the event our country j
shall expand ? But if you have determined to go i
on, if you have sworn in your hearts never to re- j
lent, you may, and perhaps will, have the power; i
but whenever you seek to use it, the unhappy :
day will have arrived when this nation, and civil- i
lzcd man throughout the world, will have cause 1
to lament the dire calamity involved in your sue- j
cess. !
I have sometimes thought that I have done in- |
justice to our northern friends. I say it not as a I
taunt. I have thought that they acted as politi- [
cians merely, using an abstraction for the purpose i
of obtaining power, and not in their hearts cher-
ishing the "sentiments they profess. But I have i
seen exhibited, in the course of this discussion,
unerring evidence to my mind, of a general sym- j
pathy with strong anti-slavery sentiments—ay, !
with abolition itself, and it has inspired me for the j
time with indignation and regret. 1 desire the pros- 1
ervation of the Union. It cannot be preserved, in .
my honest opinion, unless these ultra opinions are !
surrendered upon the altar of our country. In the
midst of these various considerations, the commit-
tee will paidon me forsayingthatl have been accus-
tomed, m the clashing of the great panics of this
country, to look to thatsmall,devoted band which
is scattered throughout the States of this Confeder-
acy, who preach peace and good-will to all good
men, and who appeal to all to come up with them
m the work of reforming our Government, of cor-
recting the abuses which have crept into it, and
of Americanizing every institution, as the nation's
last hope.  
Note.—The annexed copy of a letter, taken in
connection with what is contained in the forego-
ing speech, fully expresses the author's views on
the subject of the admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution. The words embraced in
quotation marks are taken from the letter of invi-
tation, and were copied into that, approvingly,
from the special message of the President trans-
mitting the constitution to Congress:
TIIOM HON. JOSHUA HILL.
jiou^e of rrprlmintativks,
Washington. Match 1, lSo8.
Dear Sir : T am in leceiptot the invitation of the appio-
ptopiiate committees, to unite wuh them in a public meet-
ing to bo hold at Tammany Hall, on Thuidday evening next,
at halfpas-t seven o'clock. I tm-t 1 am piopeily sensible
j of the honor intended me. I most cordially agiee with the
[ PrcMdimt of the Untied States in the sentiment which so
j justly demands the nppioval of your associates, that " the
, peace and qmet of the whole countiy aie of greater import-
1 ance than the mote temporary tiiuinpii of either of the po-
, utteal patties in Kan-a1-;*' and I even go further, and add.
• or of any political paify m an} State or in the United States.
I fuither frive my heatiy a^eut to the proposition of the
] Pu'sjdout, that •' Kansas has fot \ eat-, occup.rd too much
j of public attention, and that it burn time thr. should he
■ dnected to far mote impoitant object?.*' I am cieruly of
1 opinion that it was quite an unnecessaiy and wanton uis-
tuibanee of the public tranquillity to enact a law fo« die
; organization of a Teiritory in a wilderness, without popu-
lation, and with conditions attached lepugnant to the con-
. pcivauve sentiment of the coimtiv. I never thought the
, MUsoim compiomhc constitutional, but its lepeat wa-s sud-
, den, unasked for, unexpected, and, I fear, unprofitable.
I Coupled a« it was with the Badger pioviso, without which,
■ I am well assured it could not have been repealed, to &av
! nothing of its accompanying covert squatter soveieignty and
! patent alien suffiage. both pernicious doetimes. J legaided
! it as of no practical advantage to the South, and huitful to
| thfi nation at lai£ie.
; [ am not so well convinced that, " when once admitted
: into the Union, whether with or without slavery, the ex-
I citemcnt beyond her own limits will speedily pa^s away.''
I 1 incline to the opinion thnt,"&o spon as the too sanguine
■ people of the southern State* Io<e all hope of Kansas be-
: coming a t-lave State, ot continuing one, tliey will advert to
i the iufkicncca which' have disappointed tlicirliopoe, and if,
i by possibility, it should occur to them that the past and
. present Administiations of the Geneial Government have,
I in any manner, contributed to produce so unpalatable are-
| suit, they will feel and exhibit a just indignation.
i Apart fiom its influences upon paiiios, I am unable to at-
tach any great nnpoitance to the admission of Kansas. 1
am nee to own that, if I had any well-grounded hope that,
when admitted, it would continue a &lave State, I should
leel deep solicitude for its admi«=ion. If any man, fiom
any section, sustains the Lecompton constitution because
he desnes the admission of the new State to be followed
soon by the assembling of a new convention of hei people,
for the puipose of excluding slavery from her system, I
franfcly declare that I have no sympathies with *uch sup-
porter, and cannot regard him as my " natuta! ally."
Hoping that good counsels may prevail in youi meeting,
and that good may come of your deliberations, I have the
honor to remain, with high respect, youi obedient servant,
JOSIIUA HILL.
Petfr B. Sweeny, E?q.,
Chairman General Committee, Tammany Hall.
admission of kansas.
SPEECH OF HON. EDWARD WADE,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
March 29, 1858.
The House being m the Committee of the Whole on the
j state of the Union —
i Mr. WADE said:
! Mr. Chairman: I come to add my mite to the
! multitude of words expended upon this Kansas
; question. We have had a good deal said during
1 this debate of excitements, and they have been
1 deprecated by nearly every speaker, and espe-
cially by those on the opposite side of the House,
j I have been surprised, sir, to hear the reasons
! urged upon us on this side why we should dis-
i continue all these exciting movements, and come
i into harmony with sentiments towards which we
j have been hostile from the organization of this
' Government down to the present time. I know
of no means by which excitements can be extin-
| guis'ned in political bodies but by putting an end
i to the causes of excitements.
; Now, sir, in the political as in the moral world,
i principles which cannot be harmonized must be
left to contention. Strife is inevitable, unless we
! arc agreed; and how can two walk together ex-
| cept they be agreed ? Are we agreed? Are wo
; agreed upon the policy which should animate our
, Federal Government in relation to the extension
• of the institution of slavery ? Every man knows
; here that we stand at the opposite poles of this
> question of slavery extension.
: 1 am aware, too, that gentlemen contend that
there is a controlling power above the policy that
is involved in these questions, and that power is
the Constitution of the United States; that this
Constitution confers upon the slaveholdi'ng States
the right to extend their institution overall of the
I Territories oftheGovernment,and that Congress,
j of course, has no power to forbid this extension,
j to limit it, to qualify it, or in any manner to in-
; terpose an obstacle to it. But I do not propose
| to go into this constitutional question at this time.
I I am content to rest this upon the action of the
j Government from its foundation up to the time
i when it became necessary on the part of the South
j to agitato the slavery question as a means of ob-
i taining political power. That is the real matter of
j contention between the two sections of thecouu-
j try—political power; and through that the exten-
I sion of slavery is contemplated on the port of those
! on the other side to wrest from the free-State por-
j tion of the people every iota of the territory of
! the United States that is not already organized
j into Territories, and the nature of their mstitu-
1 tions determined by the laws as they exist.
From this state of the question, Mr. Chairman,
there results agitation. The two institutions of
free labor and slave labor are at war with each
other. Gentlemen mayassertas they please, that
they can be reconciled. We of the free States
i know perfectly well that they cannot be. Wo
j know that this question is one of life and death
i to the great mass of the people of the free States;
i for, sir, if the Territories are to be preoccupied by
; slave labor, and free labor is to be hedged up and
| headed off from the Territories, then the free
! States are destined to accumulate an overgrown
i population made up of capitalists and laborers—
j capitalists being, in the language of southern men,
1 substantially the owners of the laborers. And,
