1P58.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wade.
Ho. of Reps.
sir, whoever contemplates that such a state of
things is to be brought about through the usurpa-
tion of the slave power, docs not understand the
cluuacter of the masses of the people of the free
States. The great mass of that people, sir, will
never submit to the Territories being preoccupied
by slave labor and slave institutions. The accu-
mulating- tide of population in the free States, de-
mands that their Representatives here stand be-
tween the aggressions of the slave power and the
rights of the people of the free States.
Now, sir, are not our positions on this subject,
North and South, antagonistic? I ask the ad-^
vocates of slave labor and slave institutions, are
not your institutions hostile to free labor? Have
you ever proposed an3' method by which the two
may be reconciled ? Have there ever been pro-
posed any means by which the two institutions
could be made to harmonize? Mr. Chairman,
wh< n this can be done, \\ c shall have a return of
the golden age. The year of wonders will have
come upon us, when you can so frame v-mr in-
stitutions, so shape the customs, and hab.ts, and
feelings of the people, that.fiee end islave labor
can go on and work hat moniously, side bv side
—tho free laborer working for his own family,
and for his own pocket, for his own eomfott.for
his own olevalion; and the slave working moieiy
for a wretched subsistence, barely enough to keen
him 111 woikmg order. When you can iind these
two contradictions united, amalgamated, then,
sir, the political millennium will have fully arrived.
But it cannot be done, and hence the excitements
which have giown up between the two systems
of freedom and slavery. In moials, as well as m
natural science, there err* thinirs which are irrec-
oncilably hostile to each othei—which con be
united neither by force nor persuasion. Power
compels, persuasion solicits, and you cannot
unite them. There has never been a time, and
there never will be a time, when opposite things
could be united, either in the natural world or m
the moral world. True, chemistry points yon
to some intermediate agent, which will work a
union; but each will cease- to be the same sub-
stance it was before. And gentlemen also sup-
pose that excitements con be put down here,
while these two principles of freedom and bond-
age are in hostile array, are but tugging at im-
possibilities.
How many specifics have not politicians tried,
for putting an end to excitements on the question
of slavery? .1 recollect back to the time when 1
became a voter, that this experiment up in
the Congi ess of the United States. Petitions for
the obolttiun of slavei v in the District of Colum-
bia, and petitions for the abolition of the s'ave
trade between the States, were pent in. This pro-
duced excitement,as they naturally would. They
were bringing the rights of freemen into conflict
with the power of slavery. As a matter of course,
fermentation resulted as soon as it would by the
admixture of an alkali and on acid. It was just
as inevitable in the political woild that this eifer-
vescence should take place in the one case as m
the other.
Well, how did the politicians of that day meet
this question ? Did they not meet it with spicules,
and tell us that they had calmed the troubled wa-
ters; that they hail found the meansby which har-
mony was to be restored and agitation to cease-
Yes, sir, they told us that. Now, I want to show
yon what was said upon this subject many years
ago, and the remedy which was prescribed for this
disease ot agitation. I read Ironi the Appendix
to the Congressional Glob0, volume S, page lb ?,
session of Jd39-40. Mr. Buchanan was then in
the Senate of the United Stats s, and h<! was one
of tho doctors who undertook to medicate the pa-
tient at tiiat time. lis says:
'•In ?!><> os (s aid Mi J> .) w lien an sUai la-
in" excitement pu'vailed O!' lisic el thiomiiumt a laitje
the eoutiuy. f tooK a deemed '-land HLvan-t the
Abolition!-*1'-. I then pir<cnt< d a memoual tmm the Cain
Ciu.11 leilv Meeting o! the highly ipcpeerohl-* iejiginn> ^e-aety
ot FuemU i«i I'ennswvama, a^kinir Consuls to aboh-h -Ja-
vet v in jlie Jji- i iet ot Columbia; and at tne time ot its! p c-
hentatmn. I d« claiod thai, upon it-s icecption, I r-hould 1 tn
mediately move iliat the prayer of the memotiah.'ts he
iep*efed. Tf"-1 memoiKd wa* received by a vote of 36 to
lo ; .aid im laouuii to u-ject the piayei of it prevailed, with
lint six di.-^evitsbii voiee< Since thi-= doci-ion, the Scitue
jiad adopted a pi aeuce which I think liav pioved eminently
beneficial, because it has atiouied peace audqiuetupon
ihis. Ribjoct. The rnemoi iti! 1? pi escmod. objection if made
to it:- jeeeption. and a motion to lav tin; question of reccp- '}
tion upon tne table is then immediately made and adopted, j ■
Tin< pieeludp-^ aii debate and all irritation. j,
kk "Xow, ^aid Mt. U .} m consequence of my conduct here ;
thro turnout that ton, I have boinc, the biiint of tlie Abo- I;
litioni-t-athoine. I a tee with the Senator tioin Kentucky ];
that the danger has passed away, at kas-t m Pennsylvania. 1 j
The fiiMs o now over; and the fanaticism wliieh threat- ]j
ened to mvade 'he eon^tuuuonal lights of tho Houth, and .
to di-^olve the Union, has been neatly extinguished. j
'• The battle ha> been fought whore if nni-t evet be fought, ;,
not in the South, but :n the Noitb. It 1- we of tho North i>
who must ever sustain the shock in Mich a contest. Undei j 1
these ciicum-t'inecs, i appeal mo^t solemnly to ^nnatmx jj
fj.om tiie siaveholoinn States, whether they ought not to bfi j!
govei nod, 111 a jjient dotjieo, by our advice ;w to tho mode m j!
which niCfC Abolition petitions shall be floated. Itisun- j1
po-sibio, after all which has jinked, that they can doubt oui j
devotion to the constitutional lights of the South, Let me ] I
assuie them, then, that oui neatest dansrei is from agitation j i
heie. E\ciicmcnt is the element in winch Abolition lives, 11
and moves, and ill's us beimj. A ll.nne kindled in the Capitol j
would i-oon pel vade the Union. Let acjm^tion now be ini-ed j j
upon the ah tiaet 1 i«*!it of petition—let the enemies of Abo- j:
lmon 111 this body dn uic upon this question, as they probably .j
would, and tliey will ;eop ud the me*d cau-e, to tnv m mi- 1 j
fenanee of w Inch they a:e all devoted, in tli,.sirio«r unprotit- ; ■
able f-tnfe. 'J'lie discussion of the Abolition question heic '!
can donopo^ible good, and may do much positive hai m. h
When did fanaticism ovei yield to the voico ol leapon? Let |J
U alone, and it will soon burn oat foi want of the fuel on j i
winch it feed-." 11
! !
That was said during the session of 1830-40. ;j
We were told at that time that this crcat trouble j;
bad passed awav, and that becausc (hislittle pal- J!
(ry trick of politicians was practiced upon the |,
people in the Congress of the United States, of |l
course it had killed out n^itiitiou. Agitation had j;
expired, said the £reat doctors at that time.
Now, what are we at in 38.58? Ton years have '
parsed away since that was spoken in the other }i
end of the Capitol, nnd yet agitation has ^oneon ;
increasing with tenfold power. That same rem- j'
edy has been prescribed from the commencement i,
of the slavery a«Uation up to the present hour, j!
And it has hei n said that if you will, by some 'j
tri'-k, some chicanery, oet the matter out of Con- j!
^ress, you will expel it from 1110 country. Yet, 'j
Mr. Chaiiraan, do not gentlemen here upon this
iloor know that it is the cxcitcmentin the country
thnt brings the subject here, and not the excite-
ment here that dissenunofes it in the country:1
j That is the ease in the free States; and all the spe- ''
! cifics of the political docfors, and all their quack
medicines, have done nothing hut to increase that
excitement to such a decree that we are now told
that if we do not yield to the demand of the slave
power, we are doomed to see a dissolution of the
Union. Such hax been the match of incitement,
oral such the effect ot'putting down excitement I
here on the part of those who have had the engi- !
neering of this matter m the Congress of the Uni- ;
ted States. j
\Vo were told that the Kansas-Nebraska bill j
w;is to be the great sovereign specific, which was i
to end all tins agitation. Every gentleman now l
upon this floor u ho was upon it at the time of the |
passage of that act, knows that we were told by |
1 very advocate of that tnostimpolitic measure, to ,
say the lightest of it, that if we would only pass that '
bill, ail excitement would be done away. 1 will
read an e::tia< t fiom 0. spcech made upon thatoc- ;
casion by the honoiable ^entieiaan fiom Georgia, 1
[Mr. Stephen's,] who, 1 believe, m the leader of !
the forces of this House who ore tn favor of the j
Lecomnton constitution at this time. iTc says: j
••Tne old principle in oui fei.itoual p'lhev ha^ j).i---C'd ,
■ awav. and we lnvi m its ; t "•ad a ne.w oie'. v'e „i nor
therefoic. to he -naiceii m our pufpo-o to c.'i! v ont tin - new
puricmle by any ,-uch < !ain<>r «>i appeal^ ')u. pa'j>'> "is I
fixed, and out f'uurse i^onwaid. \Vhat iittl" aquation may 1
be got no m Conu:re- >, 01 out of it. while iln^O'bau Li-a , |
will --peedih sub>nl''. a-. >oon as tin-- new p::oe.pn r-ntc
more vindrealed Wliy do urn heai no inr-i e w i,i'i ini!! here '
about '-l.iveiy and lieed<)m in t t<Ji and New M. 3>"0'' llo-
caiw, l.v this new jiiujciple. ttie lr.ifatni^ cau-e w:>-. ca-t
out el ('ont'res--. a>.d tiinn d over to the propje. who mo
imK capable <>! di-po-m? of if !oi them-eise-. Pa^^ tiu-> 1
i i),ii—the --ounei the b< lt"i — and Uie t-'une 1 e -ult wiil < n-ate.
'J'tus hliows tne wedom and ;t tteraiMn-hip of lh<>-e b\
whom tliH tumeipio \va- alouffd rs our <1 ttlrd pouey on
■ t!!)-" subject m A eunici n« the e\c wnl nutate and
intlame'u. uiiUi\nu Lref it out; a*hoininth< flc-ii wi:! do ■
the ,-ar i" thins The best lem'-ilv i« to 1 -move jt, innvodi-
a«f iy. That i> ju t w hat the eompioinise of piopo-c^ ■
to <H> wall tin - -lavej y ije^-fion in the TeirUone-, when- I
evei U an-os. n out oi C on^re-'s, .ina lee\ e it to the
people, to whom it ver\ pioneily and lightfally belong- 55 j
I That medicine was administered at that time: ]
( but has if cured the excitement5 Well, now, this
present Leeomptouconst'iution is to be the last— I
ps thev sav in cir.-us and wild-b.'-ist rdwn'tiso*
ments in country villages—positively the last cx-
lubition; and unless you avail yourself of the
present, you will have no other opportunity to
sec an excitement in tho Congress of the United
States upon the subject of slavery.
Mr. Buchanan telis us, in his message trans-
mitting this constitution to us,thatif we will only
impose this constitution on the peoplft of the Ter-
ritory, all agitation will cease instantly, and we
shall have a new millennium. This democratic
party seems to have a singular knack a'getting up
political millenniums; but it has equally a knack
at getting up the contests which precedc these mil-
lenniums.
Well, sir, I say to you and the House what I
said when that ^Nebraska bill was on its passage:
you never can have peace on this subject until
peace is made by justice, and till justice and right
are administered to all—the great and the lowly,
the wise and the foolish; for that alone is the har-
binger of peace. Vfo are told by Iioly Writ that
there is no peace to the wicked. There ought to
be no peace, when justice is withheld fiom him
who has a right to justice; and! tell you that so
long as man exists on the earth, there will be no
quiet, there enn be no quiet, while men are unjust
to each other, while one man claims for himself
that which he withholds from his fellow-man, and
to which that fellow-man has an equal right by
the laws of Gcd and natuie.
Why, gentlemen quote Scripture here for their
dogmas of pcace without righteousness. The
Bible tells us that the fruit of 1 ighteousness is
peace; and the effect of lightcousness is quietness
and assurance forever.
Now, sir, it happened to be my fortune to have
a seat on this floor—the first public office I ever
held—during that celebrated Nebraska-Kansas
contioversy in 1854; and I desiie now to quote
from what I laid down at that time as my opin-
ions of the elfect of that bill:
u But, Mi. Clianman, tins reckless departure fiom (ho
old lan<hnur';>? of reiruoriat organization may, and i think
wiN.be liamiht with couscquonces not now dreamed of by
its peipetrator*.
'•The excitement now peivading the country on this
question cannot lail to have it-s influence on the mtnda of
enn^tants fiom the hee States and fiom the tlavc States
al-o. Tim-, non-mteivention bv Con<zre-s in the question
ot "-laveiy in the-e Ten not ies niu-t inevitably excite, m the
pmicrranN timber, the seeiiona! s- pn it of die ie<rioi! ? irom
winch they go. The spuitoi Muvei \- piopatjandi-m, over
lampant la the South, will impel enirnants liom the slave
Prate-, to i ti«h in with the mtent of occ up\ nu  !oi the benefit
of slaveiv. In the ftee States em'yr.int Micictie* aie aheady
oiganized, and m pioce-^ of oigaiiization, with ai)nm!ant
capital, tor the e\'pie«-< puipo-e or apptopiuutng the Tern-
toiie-- to tho u-es of iieedorn.
" On this aiena, iheiclbre, ronyic1^ invites a ptmcule for
pupiemacy between lieedom and -laveiv. 5 A cleat field,
and no favoi,' hum language. ' Fight it out on > oui ouu
hook ; it is yom matter, ne.t ours.'
Now, sir, I appeal to every gentleman on this
floor who was engaged 111 that controversy, if these
anticipations have not been realized to the letter ?
They have, sir; and it seemed to me the strangest
thing in the universe, that men could not see that
the devicc of squatter, or popular sovereignly, in
its application to a case of this kind, would not,
and could not, woik harmoniously. It might be
perfectly light in the settlement of the Tern tot ics,
provided you had a homogeneous people with
which to settle the Terntoiics. I appeal to gen-
tlemen on this floor if the motives which actuated
the Congress of 1820—£51 in establishing the Mis-
souri restriction were not in anticipation of this
precise state of the case—whether it was not in
that view of it that the Territories wei e separated,
and one side of the line appropr.ated to freedom,
while on the opposite side of the line slavery was
allowed to take its chance with freedom? 1 can
. just recollect the period ofthatcontiovensy, though *
I did not understand precisely what it was about.
But I recollect, 111 the popular discussions of that
day, to have heard it said that the Union was m
imminent peril until that Missouri lino was fixed
as the boundary between slave tennory and free
territory. The men of that day had undoubtedly
the same views that every reflecting mind has had
■ here, that the obliteration of that hue would lie
the reopening of the controversy afresh, and the
cause of an excitement, the end of v. Inch no man
can predict.
Another reflection comes up here; and that is,
that th is contest bet wo ?n f'i ep uistiiunons and sin ve
instituUou>, Vv nhoui the intervention uf Congi ess,
