1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
There being no objection, Mr. Banks's motion
was agreed to.
DEATH OF HON. JAMES LOC1CHART.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the
purpose of making; an announcement similar to
tho one you have just heard—to announce the
death of the* Hon. James Lockhart, also a mem-
ber elect to the present Congress from the State
of Indiana. He died at his residence in the city
of Evansville, in that State, on the 7th day of
September last, after a severe and protracted
illness
It will thus bo seen that the hand of affliction
has fallen heavily upon Indiana; that of the eleven
members elected to the presentCongressfrom that
State, in October, 1856, two have already gone to
the tomb.
Judge Lockhart was born at the village of
Auburn, in the State of New York, on the 13th
day of February, 180G. In the fall of 1832 he
emigrated to the State of Indiana, and located in
the then village, but now city, of Evansville, in
which he continued to reside until the time of his
death. Not longafter his location in Indiana, he
commenced the practice of the law as a profes-
sion, in which he continued, except at brief inter-
vals, up to the time of his death.
In the winter of 1841-42 he was elected by the
Legislature of his State prosecuting attorney of
his judicial circuit. Two years afterwards he
was reelected for another term. In the winter of
1845-4G, after the close of his second term as
prosecuting attorney, he was elcctcd presiding
judge of the same judicial circuit. In the sum-
mer of 1850, while still in commission ns judge
of his circuit, he was electcd a member of the
constitutional convention which assembled m that
year to revise and amend tho constitution of his
State. Of that talented and influential body of
men he was one of the most active and efficient
members.
In August, 1851, he was elected a member of
the Thirty-Second Congress, and in the month
following he resigned the offi.ee of circuit judge to
enable him to take his seat m that body. He
served as a member of that Congress for the full
• term. In the spring of 1853, after the expiration
of'that Congress, he resumed the practice of his
profession.
In the fall of 1856, after one of the bitterest
contests ever known within our State, he was
electcd a member of the present Congress by a
largely increased and overwhelming majority.
At the time of his last election he was m iecblc
and failing health. It was obvious that, without
a speedy restoration, his span of 11fV was short.
Notwithstanding the feeble condition of his health,
he continued in the active discharge of the duties
of his profession, and of those public duties which
his position devolved upon him, until utter pros-
tration bid him cease. Never was that iron will
and indomitable energy, which so much distin-
guished htm through life, so clearly manifest as
during the last trying mouths of his mostdistiess-
ing illness. He died as the strong man dieth;
he literally fell with the harness upon him. In
matters political, Judge Lockhart was devotedly
attached to the organization and the creed of the
party with which he affiliated. As a political
leader, he was bold and indefatigable. During
the last fifteen years of his life I enjoyed much of
his personal friendship and confidence. But few
persons, outside ot his immediate family friends,
knew him more intimately than I have known
him. Having been elected to fill the place made
vacant by his death, and occupying his seat m
this House to-day, it affords me pleasure to bear
willing testimony to his energy, ability, and in-
tegrity as a public officer, and to the fidelity with
which he discharged the many important trusts
confided to him as a public man.
Here, as in the ranks of the Army, when one
falls another takes ins place, and everything
moves on as before; but not so in the private re-
lations of life. When a near and tried friend is
stricken down, there is no one to take his place.
When the protecting arm of a husband is withered
into dust, there is no adequate earthly consola-
tion.
I submit the following" resolutions for adop-
i tion:
, Resolved, That the members of this House havs heaid
i with deep regret the announcement of the death of the
Hon. James Lockiiart, a member clect from the first con-
gressional district of the State of Indiana.
Resolved, That in token of respect for the memory of the
deceased, tho members ami officers of this House will wear
the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House forward a copy
of these resolutions to the widow of the deceased.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise
to second the resolutions just offered by my col-
league, [Mr. Niblack.] I do not propose on this
occasion to pronounce a lengthened eulogy on the
1 ife, character, and public services of the deceased.
Were I disposed to do so, I would fail, I am sure,
to improve on what has already been so well and
so impressively said by my colleague; but, being
the only member of this House from the State
which I have the honor, in part, to represent,
who served with the deceased during the Thirty-
Third Congress, I cannot find it in my heart to
remain silent, or to refuse, on this solemn occa-
sion, to give utterance to a few words of sincere
respect for the memory of the deceased, and of
condolence with his sorrow-stricken family in
their bereavement.
That I have known Judge Lockhart long and
intimately, will remain among my most cherished
remembrances. I knew him in the walks of pri-
vate life and in the social circle, where he was re-
spected by all who had the pleasure of his society.
I knew him as the efficient prosecuting attorney
of his judicial circuit. I knew him as the able,
upright, and impartial judge. I knew him as the
representative of the people of the first congres-
sional distnct of his adopted State, on the floor
of this House; in all of winch positions he dis-
charged his duties with ability and fidelity; with
entire satisfaction to his constituents and to the
country.
Judge Lockhart, though naturally retiring and
unobtrusive, was no ordinary man. He was a
sound jurist and a sagacious politician, possessing
a clear, logical, and discriminating mind. He was
kind and benevolent to a fault; ardent in his friend-
ship; firm and decided in his opinions, yet char-
itable towards those with whom he diiiered. Al-
though always a firm and decided Democrat, often
participating in the exciting and angry political
contests through which the country has been pass-
ing for the last twenty years* his high bearing
and manly deportment gained, as their meed, the
applause and admiration of his political adversa-
ries.
I saw Judge Lockiiart in this city in March
last, which was the last occasion of our meeting.
The disease which finally proved fatal, was then
progressing, and rapidly approaching the citadel
of life. His physical powers were fast declin-
ing; but, though feeble, his spirit was buoyant
with the hope that he would ultimately recover.
He spoke feelingly of our long acquaintance and
former service here together, of many pleasant
anticipations for our mutual interests during the
approaching session; but, alas ! these fond hopes
have been blighted, and he is gone from among
us forever.
Mr. Speaker,why should I say more? Judge
Lockhart is dead! How fresh in my remem-
brance is the occasion of the sad announcement'
what a thrill of sorrow if brought with it, as it
first fell upon my ear! How the memories of the
past clustered thick and fast around me, and how
instinctively, how deeply my mind yielded to the
impress of the truth of the uncertainty of human
life, and the utter futility ot human fame and am-
bition! feir, before we shall have discharged our
duties, and finished our labois here, the shaft of
Death may make vacant the chairs which you and
I occupy, and the ever-startling announcement
again and again be flashed on the wings of light-
ning to the remotest portions of the Republic. I
say, such, sir, may be among the inscrutable
decrees of Providence; then, we should let this
sad announcement of to-day affect our inner
hearts, and admonish us that the inexorable hour
awaits us ail. Let it impress upon us all the neces-
sity for the exercise of a spirit of kindness and
foibearance for and toward each other, and let it
soften the asperities which too often appear m our
unguarded moments in the heat and excitement
of debate.
In conclusion, sir, from a sincerc heart I invoke
the blessings of Heaven upon the bereaved widow,
and pray that the wind may be tempered to the
shorn lamb.
The resolutions were adopted.
Mr. PETTIT. I now offer-the following reso--
lution:
Resolved, As a further mark of respect to the Hon. Samuei*
Brenton, elected to this Congress from the tenth congres-
sional district of Indiana; and to the memory of tho Hon*
James Lockhart, elected to this Congress from the first
congressional district of the same State, whose death has
now been announced to this House, that this body do now
adjourn.
The^ resolution was adopted; and the House
accordingly (at half past three o'clock,p. m.) ad-
journed to Monday, the 4th day of'Januarynext.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 4, 1858.
[ Hon. Robert Toombs, of Georgia, appeared
in his seat.
Prayer by Rev. D. Ball.
The Journal of Wednesday, December 23, the
last day on which the Senate was in session, was
read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report of the Secretary of State, in
response to a resolution of December 18, calling
for information in regard to losses alleged to have
been sustained by subjects of the Hanse-Towns,
at the bombardment of Grey town; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Seward, was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating an abstract
of offers received for furnishing articles falling
under the cognizance of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1858; which was ordered to lie on the table.
A motion by Mr. Ma.li.ory, to print the report,
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Ashtabula, Ohio, praying for the improvementof
the harbor of Ashtabula; which was refened to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Nich-
olas D. P. Muillard, a citizen of the United States,
residing in Liverpool, England, praying for re-
dress for wrongs and violence committed upon
him by a mob in Ireland; which was referred .to
the Committee on Foreign Relations,
Ho also presented the memorial of fifty Ameri-
can ship-masters in the port of Havana, Cuba,
praying for a revision of the laws m relation to
the shipment, discipline, and discharge of seamen
in the merchant service; which was referred to
the Committee on Commcicc.
lie also presented the memorial of Mrs. Mary
Olull, praying for the payment of a balance due
to her father, the late Sir James Jay, of money
advanced to the United States m the revolution-
ary war; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
lie also presented the petition of citizens of the
United States, residing in New York, praying
that the public lands may be laid out in farms
and granted to actual settlers not possessed of
other lands; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Salmon G.
Grover and others, who were engaged in procur-
ing seaworthy craft to be employed on the lakes
during the last war with Great Britain, praying
to be allowed bounty land; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented a presentment of
the grand jury of the United States district court
for the northern district of Florida, relative to the
amendment of the pilot act of August 30, 1852,
and the erection of a marine hospital and custom-
house at Apalachicola; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Healso presented a petition ofcitizens of Frank-
lin county, Florida, praying for the amendment
of the pilot law of August 30, 1852; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of J. M.
Morrill, in behalf of the Bangor City Greys,pray-
ing to be allowed bounty iand; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES presented a petition ot citizens of
Dubuque, Iowa, praying for a grant of public
land to the Territory of Nebraska to aid in the
