1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2283
M. Byrne was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. «
Its purpose is to pay to Bernard M. Byrne, a
surgeon in the Array of the United States, $616 2G,
in full, for special services rendered under a con-
tract with the commanding officer at Fort Gille-
land, Florida, in 1838.
_ In the summer of 1838, the petitioner was an as-
sistant surgeon in the Army of the United States,
and stationed at Port Gilleland, in Florida. The
surrounding country being infested by hostile In-
dians, a large number of the inhabitants were
driven from their homes and compelled to seek
protection in the vicinity of the fort, and so des-
titute was their condition that Congress, on the
1st of February, 1839, passed a joint resolution
authorizing the President to cause rations to be is-
sued to them from the public stores. It is further
represented that the privations and exposure to
which the people were exposed caused sickness
to prevail amongst them, and there being no phy-
sician within twenty miles of the post, except the
claimant, the commanding officer, who had been
directed by the Government to protect the fugi-
tive inhabitants from starvation by feeding them
from the public stores, deemed italso to be his duty
to provide tliem with the medical services which
their condition rendered so essential to them, and
■which they had no other meanjj of obtaining; he
accordingly entered into a contract with Dr. Byrne
to render the necessary professional assistance for
$100 per month; and Captain Beale certifies that
the services were diligently and faithfully ren-
dered from the 17th of April to the 22d of October,
1838, and that " had it not been for the skill and
unremitting attention of Dr. Byrne, the situation
of those poor people would have been truly de-
plorable, as there was not, during almost the
whole of said time, any physician within twenty
miles of that post." These facts are stated in the
report made to the House of Representatives at
the third session of the Twenty-Fifth Congress,
No. 213, which states that the contract and cer-
tificate were then before the committee, but they
have since been lost; but the facts are substan-
tially certified to by the Hon. Mr. Yulee. Al-
though, in a strictly legal point of view, the offi-
cer may not have had the technical authority to
enter into such a contract, the urgent necessity of
the case affoids a reasonable justification of the
course he pursued; and, as the compensation stip-
ulated was a moderate one, and the service was
necessary, and faithfully performed, the Commit-
tee on Claims think the amount claimed, §616 26,
ought to be paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JAMES MACCABOY.
The bill (S. No. 283) for the relief of James
Maccaboy, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole,
The object is to allow $500 to James Macca-
boy, for losses and injuries suffered by him while
engaged in the performance of his duty in the
public service.
The memorialist, whilst engaged in the faithful
discharge of his duty as a fireman on board the
United States steam-dredge at the Washington
navy-yard, received a severe injury, which re-
sulted in the loss of one of his legs above the knee
joint. The engineer in charge of the boat at the
time, deposes that the accident occurred while
Maccaboy was engaged in the discharge of his
duty, and, he believes, without any neglect or
carelessness on his part; that he was outof sight
of the engineer, who, without being aware of his
position, gave the order to start the machinery,
•without giving him notice This is corroborated
by other testimony. Commodore Forrest, com-
mandant of the yard, says: " I should be pleased
if the memorialist, who has been a faithful public
servant, and who lost a leg in the performance of
his duty, could be placed on the pension roll for
the remainder of his life."
While the Committee on Claims would not rec-
ommend any departure from the established pol-
icy of the Government, which limits the allow-
ance of pensions to cases arising in the military
or naval service, yet they believe cases may occur
where a volunteer, or laborer, or mechanic may
be as justly entitled to the bounty of his Govern-
ment, for injuries received in its service, as if he
had been regularly enlisted in the Army or Navy. \
Where a skillful and industrious mechanic or la- j
borer is employed by the Government in a neces- ;
sary but dangerous service, and, without any fault j
or negligence, receives, in the performance of his !
duty, an injury which permanently disables him j
from providing for those dependent upon his skill j
and labor for support, it would alike become the
Government or an individual employer to mani- i
fest sympathy " in the only way calculated to j
carry conviction of its sincerity," by extending
some measure of material aid or bounty. Such a
case, it is believed, is presented by the petitioner, j
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to I
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third J
time, and passed. J
J.W. P. LEWIS. |
The bill (S. No. 284) for the relief of C. Ed- .
ward Habicht, administrator of J. W. P. Lewis, j
was read a second time, and considered asm Com- j
mittee of the Whole. j
It proposes to pay $2,238 47, being the balance :
of the accounts of J. W. P. Lewis, the United !
States agent for the construction of a light-house
on Sand Key, in Florida. |
Mr. Lewis was appointed United States agent
for the construction of a light-house on Sand Key, '
in Florida. On a settlement of his accounts, in ,
April, 1853, a balance was found against hiin of
$9,652 66; while he claimed a balance, as due :
him, of $2,400 24. On the 22d of June, 3857, a j
further settlement was made, by which a further
allowance was made on vouchers which had been
suspended or disallowed in the previous settle-
ment, amountingto$9,652 66, which balanced his :
accounts on the books of the Treasury, and ex-
hausted the appropriation for the Sand Key light- ;
house, leaving still outstanding, of the amount 1
of suspended and disallowed items, the sum of 1
$2,400 24. Further vouchers were presented on
the 28th December, 1857, upon which further al-
lowances were made by the accounting officers,
amounting in the aggregate to $2,238 47. Tins
sum, thus finally decided to be due to the claim-
ant's intestate, is now suspended for no other
cause, as stated by the accounting ofTiceis, " than
the want of an appropriation available for the set-
tlement thereof." On this state of facts the bill i
is founded.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed. j
MILES DEVINE. !
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 288) for the relief of Miles Devme, of the ,
State of Maine. j
It proposes to pay him $500 for injuries received
while in the employmentof the United States, and
for medical and other expenses incurred in con-
sequence thereof.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear the report
in that case.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Simmons from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CLAY. I object to thisbiil on twogrounds
which 
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. If
the Senator objects, that puts the bill over.
Mr. FESSE'NDEN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the objection. A bill passed a moment ,
ago similar in its circumstances. !
Mr. CLAY. I did not hear it, and 1 hope
somebody will move to reconsider it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And one passed at the
last Congress of the same description. ;
Mr. CLAY. What bill is it that passed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill for the relief of ,
James Maccaboy. ■
Mr. CLAY. I move to reconsider that. ]
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator from
Alabama will not press the objection. It is a
hard case. j
Mr. CLAY. It may be very hard, but I do .
not think it is incumbent on the Government to j
provide for hard cases. i
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been done in re- ;
peated instances.
Mr. CLAY. It has been done wrongly, and I ,
want to raise the point on this bill. j
Mr. IYERSON. I iise to a point of order. 1
This bill gives rise to debate. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster !
in the chair.) It must be passed over, it giving
rise to debate.
WEBSTER S. STEELE.
The bill (S. No. 29l) for the relief of Webster
S. Steele was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Webster S. Steele, of Illinois, on the
list of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dol-
lers a month, commencing on the 4th of Decem-
ber, 1857, to continue during his lifetime.
Mr. POLK. I ask for the reading of the re-
port.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
King, from the Committee on Pensions, by which
it appeared that Webster S. Steele was, in Octo-
ber, 1814, mustered into the service of the United
States as a private in the company of Captain Wil-
liam Eels, of the New York militia, called out in
the war of 1812 with Great Britain; that he was
stationed,with the company to which he belonged,
at Sackeu's Harbor, in the State of New York;
and there, while in the service and in the line of
his duty, contracted a disease, from hardship and
exposure, which has resulted in making him an
invalid, and rendered him unable to obtain his
support by labor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JAMES MACCABOr RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. CLAY. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill for the relief of James Maccaboy
was passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what right the Senator has to make that motion
when he was not present?
Mr. CLAY. 1 was here and did not vote; but
I suppose I am counted in the affirmative, as I did
not vote against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood the Senator
to say he was not here.
Mr. CLAY. I so id 1 did not observe it, and
did not hear the report.
Mi. MALLORY. I have no objection to the
reconsideration of the bill; but I wish to raise the
point of order to be decided now, because this
motion is often made, whether a Senator who
does not vote at all has a right to move a recon-
sideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
I believe it js the usual practice, where votes
have been taken rather silently, to consider each
Senator as voting in favor of the passage of a
measure, where there has been no division.
Mr. MALLORY. In this instance, the Sena-
tor did not know the bill was before the Senate at
all, it seems.
Mr, CLAY. The Senator from Texas, who is
before me, and did know, will make the motion.
Mr. MALLORY. That removes the objection.
Mi. HENDERSON. I make the motion, if
necessary.
Mr. CLAY. I do not care to have the motion
put now; but n nuiy be entered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be en-
tered.
JAMES A. GLANDING.
The bill (S. No. 292) for the relipf of James A.
Glandmg, was rpad a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of James A. Gianding, of Pennsylvania,
on the list of invalid pensioners, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, commencing on the 3d
of December, 3855, to continue during his natural
life.
The petitioner was in the battle of Baltimore,
on the 11 tii daj^ of September, 1814, and he re-
ceived a wound in that battle, by a ball in the leg,
which has resulted in totally disabling him from
obtaining his support by labor. He applied to
the Commissioner of Pensions for an invalid pen-
sion, and presented the affidavits of William Bais-
man and Thomas Baily, who testified that they
also were in the battle, and that when James A.
Glanding was wounded, they carried him from the
field to the hospital. The Commissioner of Pen-
sions denied the application for a pension, because
Mr. Glandmg had not been mustered into the ser-
vice, and the laws providing pensions granted
them only to persons who were mustered into the
