2284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 21,
service, and who received their injuries while in ]
the line of their duty in the service. The affida- !
vitfiof Baismanand Baily have been lost, but their
contents are testified to by Jesse C. Dickey, the
Representative in Congress, through whose hands
they passed to the Commissioner of Pensions, and
by two other witnesses, who knew their contents
at the time. It is deemed just that a volunteer,
who ignites in a battle, and who becomes an inva-
lid from a gun-shot wound received in the battle,
should receive a pension, although he may not
have been mustered into the service; and, there-
fore, the Committee on Pensions recommend the
bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS SMITHERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (EI. II. No. Go) for
the relief of Thomas Smithers.
It provides for placing his name upon the invalid
pension roll of the Army of the United States, at
eight dollars per month, commencing January 1,
1855, to continue during his natural life.
The petitioner was an enlisted drummer in Cap-
tain Thomas 0. Jennings's company of Virginia
militia, in the regiment commanded by Major Sta-
pleton Crutchfield. He entered the service on the
30th March, 1813, and was discharged with his
company on the 11th of October, 1813. Duiing
an engagement at Hampton, Virginia, with the
British forces, he received a wound in both legs,
between the knees and [inkles, caused by a splin-
ter from a baggage wagon, which was shattered by
a cannon shot, and this lias caused him severe
physical suffering; during all the time since he re-
ceived it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
FRANKLIN rEALE.
The bill (S. No. 293) for the relief of Franklin
Peale was road a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Franklin Peale $10,000 m full compensation
for the useofall his inventions and impiovemenfs, \
and for his extra-official services, in connection
with the Mint of the United States and its various |
branches. j
Mr. WRIGHT. I should like to hear the re- |
port in that ease. ;
Mr. UENJAMIN. The report is a very long
one. The substance is that the United States has ,
made use, in the Mint, of a series of valuable im- ■
provementsof Mr. Peale, by which a large amount I
of wastage has been saved to the Government—
I think m one year, over one hundred thousand j
dolhus—and the juoposjtion is to allow him |
$10,000 for the use of all his inventions which i
have already benefited the Government more than '
ten times the amount.
Mr. WRIGHT. I waive the call for the read- ;
jng of the report. !'
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to it, !
because f reported a bill which passed the Senate 1
at this session on the same principle, and for the '
same thing—an improvement which saved money
to the Mint: but I should like to understand what ,
these improvements aie. i
Mr. BENJAMIN. His statement is "forim- j
provements and inventions in refuting; appaiatus ■
for saving and concentrating sweepings; coining- ;
presses and mint machinery; service not official 1
in making mint machmeiy and apparatus for the
branch mints; and for the use of the processes and i
machines at the branches and offices." ;
The hill was reported to the Senate without '
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the thud time, and passed.
DAVID D. PORTER.
The bill (3. No. 295) for the relief of David D.
Porter was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
ltspu:po.se js to direct the proper accounting
officers to pay to David D. Porter, a lieutenant in .
the Navy of the United States, $743, for certain ex- 1
traordmary expenses incurred by him in the dis-
charge of his duty, under the orders of the Navy
Department, on special serv tee to the Island of St. ;
Domingo. ;
Mr. CLAY. I ask that the report be read.
The Secretary read the report of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, which is based on the fol-
lowing letter:
Treasury Department,
. Fourth Auditor's Office, April 2u, 1s58.
Sir: A letter, addressed to the Department by the Hon.
S. R Malloky, chairman of the Committee of the Senate
on Naval Affairs, inclosing a petition of Lieutenant David
D. Porter, of the United States Navy, praying that lie may
be allowed curiam expenses incurred by him some years
since while engaged, by order ot the Department, on secret
service in the Island of St. Domingo, and which were dis-
allowed by the accounting officers puneipally upon the
ground that they wore not chaigeable to the oulmary ap-
propriations for the Navy, having been referred to tins office
for a statement of the item* thus disallowed, which, m the
opinion of this office, are equitably due. and ought to be al-
lowed, I have the honor to repoit that the simvs claimed,
but not admitted, were the following:
1. For the emertaimeiit and transportation fiom place to
place, on the IsJand of St. Domingo, ot officers of the Do-
minican Government, on boaid of the United State*, bug
Porpoi<e, commanded by Lieutenant William E. limit,
winch was placed by the Department at the disposal of Lieu-
tenant Poiter, tor assarting him in the performance ot the
duty upon winch he wa« ordered, $3.")0.
2. Entertainment of public officer*, and other persons of
influence at the city of Domingo, $30.
3 Expenses incurred in receiving the Governor at Porte
Platte, $20.
•1. Foi loss of #93, in paper currency of the inland, in
ciorfsin^ the nveitf IJarrilegas and Sfainon, .'a'92.
,"5. L(ks of oth^r peisonal property, including clothing,
revolver, &.C., .$1G'2.
6. Foi a pair of pistols left on board Iho Spitfiie, and for
which no receipt was taken, A'SO
7. Foi a tiavelmg swoid left on board the Purpose, for
which norcceipt was taken, .*514.
8. For twoiitv-two days.' detention at Pcn«acola ; twenty
in going to St. Domingo, and two on letuimnir, .*r>.
1 am ofopmion that it would be equitable to al'ow Lieu-
tenant Porter all thebe item-5, except the 0th, 7ih, and part
of the 8th.
The expenses of entertaining persons of distinction and
influence abroad by the commanding othcet* otoui national
vessel", where  uch e\pen>e> have not boon e\tiav,tyrant,
and have been thought to be lequued by the dignity of the
service or the interests of the United States have been re-
peatedly sanctioned l>\ Congress, and it could s-caree'y be
but that such ex-pemli'jnes would be lequi-ite m the pel
foimancc of Mich «?eivtec as was aligned to Lieutenant
Poifei. The aniounl, moreover, being very moileiate, I
have no hesitation m i ei ommcndtns that it be allowed 1 n
induing ot ihe eqiiitvof an a'lowance foi looses of piojieity
MiMatned bv Lieutenant Porter, it should be con-idered
that he was taken itom the ouhnaiy line ot naval duty, and
di parched upon a hazardous and dehcato inie?ion, which
would seem moie pioperly to have belonged to a civilian,
but which wus thought to lequne, with intelligence and
tact, the coinage, eneigj, and diarejiuul of puvation, which
might irion: cr'itamly be found m a mihtaiy olfieoi fie was
sent among a M'ini-b«ubaro;is people, m a eountiv replete
with dangeis, wheie pieei|.:ce> and mountain passes were
io be 1 lavei>-e(l, and unhiidged rivers to be crossed; whore,
fioin the loUL'hne^s of the ri«ivoln ir,hi-? clothing was moic
than once obliged to be taken liom his own peison for the
r e:if1!' of tne animals he was u-injr, and when;, while on his
ionic, he was for ••ome tune destitute of shoes or stocking:?
Ill-, seivico was penlousatul diflieult, and he executed
it u'allaiulv and well. Under these eneumstanccs. I think
it equitable that be should be ^ived liom pecurnaiy lo-?s,
and that In' •dionid be allowed the sum he claims for paper
inonev. clothes, and other propetty lost, to the amount of
about two handled and tiny dollais.
A- LKUtenaiit Porter was ordetod top'oceed to Pen<u-
<'ola, and there embaik in a Government ves-el for St. Do-
mingo, and upon Ins amva! there found no \ essel ready to
i ecven e him, it appears to me leasonable that the expenses
oi his tleieiuion theie.on his way out, should be allowed
him ; but a^ it does not appeal that there was any necessity
foi Ins lemammg at that place on Ins lemtn. the same rea-
son for the dol'iaymg ot his expenses by the Government
doe - not exi-t
1 do not think he ought to receive any allowance for the
pi-roh and -word left on board the Spnfneand Porpoi-e. If
thev wete public property, ho should have taken siu'h re-
ceipts lot them as would have exonerated him ; and if they
belonged to him, he docs not appeal to have exeicised such
caiviu'ncss m legaid to them as would give him an equita-
ble elaim upon the Goveinment for tiieu value.
It is piopei foi mc to state that theie are no vouchers in
tin- office beyond tlie cei tifieate of the pHiiuonei toi tin; e\-
p.'iidiune*. oi loot's which have been refeired to, except
leceipts for his boaid at l'en>acola. and the statement of
Lieiuenanf Hunt as to the expenses of entertaining the Do-
minican oiliceison boaid the Porpoise.
1 do noi mean to nnptv the lea.-t doubt, howevei. of the
cm rectness of the petitioner's representations of tne. case,
foi 1 have none.
The pape.s icfenecl to me aie herewith letnrned-
I have the honor to be, sit, veiy ici-pecttuliv, votir obe-
dient servant, A. O. DAYTON,
lion. Isaac Toucky, Secretary of the Xasy,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
A S EL WILKINSON.
The bill (II. R. No. 307) to amend an act en-
titled "An actgranting a pension to Ansel W ilkin-
son," approved August 33, 185G,was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the act granting a pension to
Ansel Wilkinson, approved August 13, 1856, be
so amended that the word " Ansel" shall read
Jisel where it occurs in the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a thud reading:, read the third time, and passed.
CALIFORNIA CIVIL FUND.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 98) to authorize and direct the payment of
certain moneys into the treasury of the State of
California, which were collected in the ports of
said State as a revenue upon imports, since the
ratification of the treaty between the United States
and the Republic of Mexico, and prior to the
admission of said State into the Union.
Mr. MALLOIiY. That is not a private bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That bill properly requires
some examination. It had better be passed over
for the present.
The bill was passed over.
HENRY ETTING.
The bill (S. No. 301) for the relief of Henry
Etting, was read a sccond time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to allow Henry Etting, a purser in
the Navy, $1,098 51, being the amount paid by
him to Lieutenant J C. Rich, as judge advocate
during the yeais 1843, 18-14, and *1S 15.
Mr. Etting was purser of the frigate Macedo-
nian, the flag-ship on the coast of Afi ica, from the
7 th of April, 1843, to the 4 th of July, lo45. Dur-
ing that period several courts-mat tiai weie ordered
by the commander-in-chief, commodore Perry,
of which Lieutenant J. C. Rich, of the marine
corps, was appointed judge advocate, anu the ser-
vice performed by him was rendered in a situa-
tion where no one could be found so capable. For
this seivice Lieutenant Rich presented vouchers,
approved by the captain of the Macedonian and
the commander-in-chief of the squadron, to the
aggregate amount of $1,008 51, which were paid
promptly by the petitioner, as they were sever-
ally presented, at the termination of each respect-
ive trial. The petitioner, on his return from the
coast of Africa, presented the vouchers, with the
accounts of the ship, to the Fourth Auditoi of the
Treasury, who subsequently informed Inm that
the amount " must necessarily be disallowed, as
by the second section of the Army appropriation
act, passed on the 23d August, 1842, if is declared
that no officer in any branch of the public service
shall receive any extra compensation or allow-
ance for any service he may render." The sec-
tion of the act of 1842, referred to by the Fourth
Auditor, is: "That no officer in any branch of
the public service, or any other person whose sal-
ary, pay, or emoluments is or are fixed by law
or regulations, shall receive any additional pay,
extia allowance, or compensation, in. any form
whatever, for the disbursement of public money,
or for any other service or duty whatsoever, un-
less the same shall be authorized by law, and the
appropriation therefor explicitly set forth that it
is for such additional pay, extra allowance, or
compensation." The petitioner alleges that he
was ignorant of the prohibition contained in the
Army appropriation bill of 1842, and that he was
governed by previous regulation and precedents
sanctioned by the Department, and that the pay-
ments were made by him in good faith, upon
j vouchers in proper form, under the approval of
| the presidents of the courts and the commander
! of the squadron, and prays that he may be cred-
I ited with the amount, which still stands charged
I against him on the books of the Treasury De-
; partment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, a/id passed.
JOHN A. FROST.
The joint resolution (S. No. 34) for the relief
of the legal representatives of John A. Frost, de-
ceased, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes so to construe the provisions of the
first section of the act entitled " An act fur the
rehet of the forward officers of the late exploring
expedition," approved Febiuary 1, 1849, as to
embrace the case of John A. Frost, who was act-
ing boatswain of the United States brig Porpoise
in the expedition, from January 1, 1&>U, to July
7., 1842.
Frost served as boatswain on board the United
