1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Biggs,
Btgler, Bright, Broderick, Brown, Clay, Crittenden, Evans,
Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Henderson, ■
Houston, Hunter, Iversort, Johnson ofArkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Maliory, Mason, Pearce,Polk,
Pugh, Sebastian, ShdeJJ, Thompson of Kentucky, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—37.
NAYS—Messrs.Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Doug-
las, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Har-
lan, King, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. f desire to offer a sub-
stitute for the whole bill. I propose to strike out
all of the bill after the enacting clause, and insert
the following in lieu thereof:
That the State of Kansas be, and is hereby, admitted into
the Union on an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatever; but inasmuch as it is greatly disputed
whether the constitution with which Kansas is now admit-
ted was fairly made, or expresses the will of the people of
Kansas, this admission of her into the Union as> a State is
here declared to he upon this fundamental condition pre-
cedent, namely : that the said constitutional instrument
shall be first submitted to a vote of the people of Kansas,
and assented to by them, or a majority of the voters, at an
election to be held lor the puipose; and as soon as such
assent shall be given, and duly made known to the Piesi-
dent of the United States, he shall announce the same by
proclamation, and thereafter, and without any further pro-
ceedings on the part of Coneiess, the admission of the said
State of Kansas into the Union on an equal footing with the
original Stales, in all respects whatevei, shall be complete
and absolute Attlie said election the voting shall be by
ballot,>and by indorsing on his ballot, as each voter may
please, a for the constitution," or "against the constitu-
tion. " Should the said constitution be lejected at the paid
election by a majority of votes being cast against it, then,
and in that event, the inhabitants of said Territory are
hereby authouzed and empowered to form for themselves a
constitution and State government by the name of the State
of Kansas, preparatory to its admission into the Union, ac-
cording to the Federal Constitution, and to that end may
elect delegates to a convention a-> hereinafter provided.
Sf.c. 2. And hcit further enacted. That the said State of
Kansas shall have concurrent jurisdiction on the Missouri
and all other rivers and waters bordering on the haul State
of Kansas, so far as the same shall form a common bound-
ary to said State, and any other State or States now or
hereafter to be formed or bounded by the same; and said
rivers and waters, and all the navigable watuis of said State,
shall be common highways and forever free, a>« well to the
inhabitants of said State as to ail other citizens of the United
States, without any tax, duty, impost, or toll, theretor.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, for the putpo.se
of instiling, asfar as possible, that the elections authorized
by this act may be fair and free, the Governor and Secretaiy
of the Territory of Kansas, and the pjesidmg orficeis of the
two branches of its Legislature, namely, the Piesident o(
the Council and Speaker of the House of Representatives,
are hereby constituted a board of commissioners to carry
into effect the provisions of this art, and to use all the menus
necessary and proper to that end- Any three of them shall
constitute a board; and the board shall have power and au-
thority, m respect to each and all ot the elections hereby au-
thorized or piovided for, to designate and establish precincts
for voting, or to adopt those already established; to cause
polls to be opened at such places as it may deem proper
in the respective counties and election precincts of said Ter-
ritory ; to appoint., as judges of election at each ot the sev-
eral places of voting, three disciect and lespectable per-
sons, any two of whom shall he-competent to act, to require
the sbenffs of the several counties, by themselves or dep-
uties, to auend the judges at each of the places of voting,
for the puipose of pre.-eivmg peace and good oulei, or the
said board may, instead of said sheriffs and their deputies,
appoint, ar their discretion and in such instances as they
may choose, olhei fit petsons for the same purpose; and
when the put pose of the election is to elect delegates to a
convention toiorm a constitution, as herembefou. piovided
for, the number ot delegates sh;ill be mttv, and tlir > shall
be apportioned bv said board among the seveial comities of
said 'JVintojy, accoiding to the numbet ot voters; and m
making tins apportionment, the boaid ma\ join two oi mote
counties together to make an election or lepiesentativodis-
trict, wheie neither ol the said counties ha* the requisite
numbet ot voters to entitle it to a delegate, or to join a
smaller to a lareer county havinija&ut p!n> population, where
it mav serve to equalize the representation. The elections
hereby authorized shall continue one day only, and shall
not be continued later than sundown on that day. The said
hoard shall appoint the day of election for eaeli of the elec-
tions hereby authorized, as the same may become neces-
sary. The said Governor shall announce, by proclamation,
the day appointed for any one of said elections, and the day
shall be as early a one as is consistent with due notice
thereof to the people of said Teiruory, subject to the pto-
visionsof this act. The said board shall have full power to
prescribe the tunc, manner, and places of each of said elec-
tions, and todiiect the tune and manner of the returns
thereof,which returns shall be made to the said board, whose
duty it shall be to announce the icsult by proclamation, and
to appoint therein as early a day as practicable for th.e del-
egates elected (where the election has been for delegates)
to assemble in convention at the seatof government ot said
Territory. When so assembled, the convention shall fiut
determine, by a vote, whether it is the wish of the people of
the pjoposed" State to be admitted into the Union at that
time ; and if ^o, shall proceed to form a constitution, and
take all necessary steps tor the establishment of a State
government m conformity with the Federal Constitution,
.sublet to the appioval and ratification of the people of the
pioposed State. And the said convention shall accordingly
provide for its submission to the vote of the people for ap-
proval or rejection.
Sec. 4. And be \t further enacted, Thar in the elections
hereby uuthou^ed, all white male inhabitants of said Ter-
ritory over the age of twenty-one years, who have been
residents for three months before the election, and are citi-
zens of the United States, and none others, shall be allowed
to vote ; and this shall be the only qualification required to
entitle the citizen to the right of suffrage in said elections.
Sec. 5. Jlnd, be it further enacted, That the members of
the aforesaid board of commissioners and all persons ap-
pointed by them to carry into effect the provisions of this act,
shall, before entenng upon their duties, take an oath to per-
form faithfully the duties of their respective offices, and on
failure thereof, they shall be liahle and subject to the same
charges and penalties as are provided in like cases under the
territorial laws.
Seo. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the officers men-
tioned in the preceding section, shall receive for their ser-
vices the same compensation as is given for like services
under the territorial laws.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said State of
Kansas, when her admission as a State becomes complete
and absolute, shalLbe entitled to one member in the House
of Itepiesentatives, in the Congress of the United States,
till the next census be taken by the Federal Government.
Sec.8. Andbeit further enacted, That the following prop-
ositions be, and the same are hereby, offered to the said peo-
ple of Kansas for their free acccptancc or rejection, which,
if accepted, shall be obligatory on the United States and upon
the said State of Kansas, to wit: First. That sections num-
bered sixteen and thirty-six in every township of public lands
in said State, and where either of said sections, or any part
thereof, has been sold or otherwise been disposed of, other
lands, equivalent thereto, and as contiguous as may be, shall
be granted to said State for the use of schools. Second. That
seventy-two sections of land shall be set apart and reserved
for the use and support of a State university, to be selected
by the Governor of said State, subject to the appioval of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and to be appro-
pi lated and applied in such manner as the Legislature oi' said
State may prescribe for the purpose aforesaid, but for no
other purpose. Third. That ten entire sections of land, to
be selected by the Governor of said State, in legal subdi-
visions, shall be granted to said State for the purpose of com-
pleting the public buildings, or for the ciection of others at
the seat of government, under the dnection of the Legisla-
ture thereof. Fourth. That all salt spungs within said State,
not exceeding twelve in number, with six sections of land ad-
joining, or as contiguous as may be to each, shall be gi anted
to said State for its use; the s^ame to he selected by the Gov
ernor thereof within one year after the admission of said
State, and when so selected, to be used or disposed of on
such terms, conditions, and icgulations as the Legislature
shall direct* Prorided, That no salt spring or land, the right
whereof is now vested in anv individual or individuals, or
winch may be hereafter confirmed ot adjudged to any indi-
vidual oi individuals, shall by this article be granted to said
State. Fifth. That five per centum of the net pioceeds of
sales of all public lands Iving withm said State, which shall
be sold by Congress after the admission of said State into the
Union, after deducting all tlu; expense, incident to the same,
shall be paid to said State, for the purpose of making public
roads and internal impiovenients, as the Legislature shall
direct: Provided, The foregoing propositions herein offered
are on the condition that the people oi Kansas shall provide,
by an oidmance, irrevocable without the consent of the Uni-
ted States, that said State shall never interfere with the pu-
maiy disposal of the soil within the same, by the United
States, or with any regulations Congress may find neces-
sary for securing the title in said soil to bona fide purchasers
thereof, and that no tax. shall be imposed on lands belong-
ing to the United States and that in no ea-e shall non-ie.s-
ideut propnetors be taxed higher than icsidents.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to call his attention to one point?
Would it not be well to put into his amendment
the further clause that the proposed State of Kan-
sas shall never tax the lands or other property
of the United States within its limits?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have no objection to
that. I thought it was already in the amend-
ment. That portion of it which relates to these
matters is copied exactly from the Minnesota
bill. I do not intend to occupy the time of the
Senate unnecessarily, but I know how difficult it
is to understand a proposition of this sort from
the mere reading of it, and it will require a few
minutes to explain it. The fiist section of my
substitute proposes that the State of Kansas shall
be admitted into the Union. Inasmuch, how-
ever, as great dispute exists in respect to whether
the constitution was fairly made, or has been
properly submitted, it is proposed that it shall be
submitted to a vote of the people, and if a major-
ity of the people of Kansas approve of the con-
stitution, that, fact is to be made known to the
President after the election has taken place, and
he is to declare the fact by proclamation, and
thereupon the admission of the State of Kansas,
without any further proceeding on the part of
Congress, is to be considered absolute and com-
plete. If, however, the constitution be rejected
upon that election, then the people are to choose
delegates to a new convention.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Kentucky he good enough to pause for a
moment? It is wholly impossible, I am sure, for
any Senator on the right of the Chair to hear
what the Senator from Kentucky says. Con-
versation is so general and audible on that side
of the Chamber, that the Chair cannot hear the
Senator from Kentucky. If it be necessary, the
Chair will arrest all discussion and all business
as often as it may be required, in order to pre-
serve the decorum of the body.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My substitute provides
that if .the constitution^ rejected by the people
upon that vote, then a convention is to be imme-
diately called, which is to have authority to form
a constitution for Kansas, if it be the will of the
people to come into the Union as a State. These
elections, according to the third section, are to be
taken out of the control and management of the
ordinary officials of the territorial government,
because of the party influence which is exercised,
or may be supposed to be exercised by those offi-
cials. Great exception is made here, as we all
know, to Mr. Calhoun's control of this matter;
and it is said he has placed it under the direction
of partisans of his own. I want to take it out
of their hands. I do not know whV> is to be in
power; but I suppose that the Legislature is to
be Republican, from the last revelations made by
Mr. Calhoun. I do not want to put it in their
power. I want to have a fairelection, which shall
be conducted and managed by impartial arbiters.
I propose, therefore, by the third section, that a
board shall be constituted for the purpose of di-
recting and conducting those elections, giving
directions to them in all respects, and appointing
proper officers to take charge of the polls. That
board is to consist of the Governor, Secretary of
the Territory, and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, and the President of the Council.
They are to direct when the election is to be held;
they are to appoint the judges of election; and
they are to do everything else necessary and con-
ducive to a fair expression of opinion by the
people.
These are the main provisions of the substitute.
The rest are merely formal, making propositions
to the new State for lands to be granted, and other
provisions of that kind which are usually made
in these bills. They are the same terms that are
offered to the people of Minnesota.
I do not feel disposed to enlarge on the question
at all. I know that the House is weary of debate
on this subject. I am certain that I am. I desire
to bring this matter to a close. Those gentlemen
who are not altogether determined as to their
course will understand, from what lliave said,
what is the purpose and the object of this amend-
ment. It is to make the admission conditional, but
to make it now,-so as to put it possibly beyond
our reach forever. It is to iftake the admission
now, but on the condition that avote shall be had
on the constitution; and if it be aporoved by the
people, Kansas shall then be absolutely and per-
emptorily a State of theUmon; butif the constitu-
tion be rejected, then a convention shall be called
forthwith, or as soon as possible, for the purpose
of making a new constitution; and these elections
are to be held under the superintendence and di-
rection of a board of commissioners, to consist
of the Governor, the Secretary of the Territory,
the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and
the President of the Council, any three of whom
shall constitute a quorum. The provisions are
verv simple.
Mr. KENNEDY. I desire to say simply a
word in explanation of the vote I shall give on
this amendment, and which may, perhaps, by
some be regarded as inconsistent with the course
that I announced here some days since I intended *
i to take, i stated then that I should vote for
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution without any obligations resting upon
j' me towards either party upou this floor. I un-
j i nounced that I should vote for it simply as a meas-
ure of pcacc, as the only means, in my humble
; judgment, by which peace could be restored to
the country; the only means by which we can
get rid of this vexed question of slavery. I have
been sincere in that belief, and holding it as the
only ready means by which we could get clear of
this whole subject, I had announced that ftshould
vote for the admission of Kansas under the Le-
j compton constitution. The Senator from Ken-
j tucky has proposed an amendment to this bill,
i; which he seems to think may produce that result,
i. If it should be so I should be greatly rejoiced. In
'i order to carry out the position I have taken as
ll a conservative, middle-ground man, between the
i > two contending parties, I am willing to vote with
the Senator from Kentucky, and to try whether
