174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
Missouri river to the western boundary of that
Territory in the direction of the South Pass, with jj
a branch to the Territories of Oregon and Wash- |i
ington; which was referred to the select commit- ji
tee on the Pacific railroad. ^ ji
He also presented the petition of Ann Mathie- jj
son, praying for remuneration for the destruction i.
of the property of her husband, who was mur- !j
dered by the Indians; which was referred to the \]
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Mary J.
Walt^ach, widow of the late Brevet Brigadier !l
General J. B. Walbach, praying to be placed [;
upon the pension roll; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. &ENNEDY presented the memorial of
Captain John Pickrell, praying to be allowed a
pension, for injuries received at the battle of Fort
Drane, in the "Florida war of 1836; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of the
widowand children of Andrew Knox, of the firm
of Knox& Pope, praying for indemnity for the
capture and condemnation of the ship Eleanor by
the British Government, under the Beilm and
Milan decrees, in 1810; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Ho also presented the petition of Joseph Plum- ^
mer, guardian of the minor children of the late i
Captain Samuel Plummer of the Army, praying1 j
that the pension heretofore granted to them may j
he continued; which was referred to the Com- j
mittee on Pensions. |
He also presented the petition of Robert Mor- (
ris, praying for the payment of wages due turn, >
and remuneration foi clothing impioperlyconfis- i
cated, while a seaman on boatd the United States ]
ship Vantlaha; which was referred to the Com- .
mutee on Naval Affairs. i
Hr also presented the memorial of A. L, Pen- ;
nock and George Pcnnock, survivois of the firm |
of Sellers & Pennock, praying lor remuneration ;
for damages caused by the failure of the Po&t j
Office Department to carry out a contiact with
themforsupplyingmatl-bags; which was referred |
to the Committee on Claims. j
Mr. CHANDLER ptescnted the petition of K. |
P.Hastings, praying that his accounts for sor- j
vices and disbursements, together with an amount j
stolen from him while pension ageni for tho State |
of Michigan, may be allowed; which was referred j
to the Committee on Claims. [
He also presented the memorial of Nathaniel
Champe, in behalf of the hens of John Champe,
a sergeant-major in Lee's Legion in the revolu-
tionaiy army, praying for remuneration foi ser-
vices rendered in undertaking, by order of Gen-
eral Washington, the capture of Arnold, after the
discovery of his treason; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and Mihtin.
He also presented the petition ot Elijah Roath,
praying for a pension for services in the last war
with Great Britain; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions. !
Mr. FOOT presented additional papers in sup- ]
port of the claim of Mrs. Catharine L< McLcod; i
which were referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a memorial of W.
C. Barney, H.T.Livingston, and others, praying
for the establishment of an ocean mail route be- ,
tween New Orleans, Santander, in Spam, and j
Bordeaux, in France, via Havana and Fayal,and ;
making proposals to carry the mails; which was j
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and '•
Post Roads. j
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of J. j
D. button and others, of New Sharon, Maine, i
praying for the enactment of a law more eifecta- j
ally to enforce the provisions of the Constitution ;
in relation to the recovery of fugitive slaves;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju- j
diciary. . [
Mr. STUART presented the memorial of the ;
register and receiver of the land officc at Hunts- j
viile, Alabama, praying for an increase of com- j
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. ;
He also presented the petition of Joseph [
Haynes, praying to be allowed a pension; which i
was referred to the Committee on Pensions. |
He also presented a memorial of the register |
and receiver of the land office at Detroit, Mich-
igan, praying for an increase of compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CLAY presented the petition of Benjamin
S. Pope, of the firm of Knox & Pope, praying
for indemnity for losses sustained by the capture
and condemnation of the ship Eleanor and cargo;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr, TRUMBULL presented the petition of
John Post, praying that Congress will cause an
investigation to be made of a method invented by
him for the transmission of mail matter by means
of atmospheric pressure; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Jane
H.Foster and Julia B. Stewart, children and heirs
of William Baird, deceased, praying for indem-
nity for property destroyed by the enemy in the
war of 1812; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. MALLORY presented additional papers
in support of the claim of the widow of William
H. Tyler to a pension; which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GREEN presented a memorial of the Le-
j gislature of Missouii praying for the reimburse-
i ment of the costs incurred by Jems M Baikcr
! in defending a prosecution against him by the
| United States, in which he was acquitted; which
' was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
| Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition of the
I judge and other officers of the district court of
' the United States, for the western district of Ar-
l kansas, praying for the erection of a jail at Van
! Buren, in that State; which was referred to the
1 Committee on the Judiciary.
, Mi. TRUMBULL. I have been requested to
] present a petition from inhabitants of the town of
! Belvidere, Illinois, asking the Senate to bring for-
j ward some measiue for the peaceful extinction of
| slavery by a fan compensation out of the national
I Tieasury to the slaveholdmg States for the man-
umission of their slaves, whenever they shall be
disposed to peiform that act. 1 move that the
petition be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. EVANS. Tt is proper that petitions on
the same subject should take the same couise. A
petition similar to this was presented the other
day by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Fos-
ter,] and it was oidered to lie on the table. I
move that the same course be pursued with regard
to this.
Mi. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to its
taking the same course.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Henry Hubbard, on the
files ot tlu: Seriate, be refeired to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Allen, on the files
of the Senate, be letened to the Committee on Pensions,.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the tnemoi nil of William F. Carunsron,
the petition of Joshua 1). Todd, ami the pennon of L'Vibius,
Stanley, on the files of the Senate, be releired to the Com-
mittee'on Naval Allans.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Oidered, That the mcmoualof John Scott, on the files of
the Senate, be icieired to the Committee on Hie Po&i Office
and Po-st Road?.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Agatha O'Brien, widow
i of Major J. P. J. O'Brien, on the tiles of the Senate, be
relet red to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Dempvev Pntman.on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Allans and Militia.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of George S. Spton, on the
files of the Senate, be reteired to the Committee on Public
.Lands.
On motion ofMr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition ot William L. S. Dearing, on
the files of the Senate, be lefeired to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Aanm Week<,on thp file^
of the Senate, be referted to the Couit of Claims.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
j Ordered, That thn petition of Saiah Fov, widow of John
Foy, on the files ot the Senate, be referied to the Com-
i mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
I On motion of Mr. GW£N, it was
j Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
i of George Knippen and other jesidenu of southern New
! Mexico, presented on the 17th of December.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
! Ordered^ That the petition of the heirs of Jean Antoine
j Bernaid d'Auteuve, the petition of the hens of Louis pej-
, lerui,and the petition of Laurent Mill.union, on the files
i of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Private
• Land Claims.
| On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
! Ordered, That the memorial of Miles Jud^on, on the
; hies of the Senate, be rei'ened to the Committee on Claims.
I On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
! Ordered, That the adimm>trator of Fulwar Skipwitb
have leave to withdiaw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordend, That the petition of Ann E.T. Partridge, widow
of Captain Alden Paitridge, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Oidered, That the petition of George Jewett, executor
of Luther Jewett, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Oidered, That the memoital of Thomas Henderson, on
the fil^s oi the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claim*.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of citizens of Michigan in be-
half of the children of Thomas Fitzgeiald, on the files of the
Senate, he lefeited to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. BRODKRICK, it was
Ordered, Thatthe petition of Santiago E. ArgueJIo, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred a me-
morial of John R. Temple, submitted a report,
accompanicd by a bill (S. No. 38) for the relief
of John R Temple, of Louisiana. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was lcfencd the mi-moi ial of Henry Volckcr, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill, to confirm
the title of Henry Voljker to a certain traet of
land in the Territory of New Mexico. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a reso-
lution for the punting of the usual numberof,and
fifteen thousand additional, copies of the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents,and
a icsolution for the printing of the annual report
j of the Secretary of the Treasury and ten thousand
i additional copies, reported in favor of the resolu-
tions, and they were adopted. The report was
accompanicd by an estimateofthe Superintendent
of Public Printing, stating that the cost of the pro-
1 posed number of the message and accompanying
■ documents would bo §47,194, and of the Treasury
! report, $y,7U4, including the cost of paper and
j binding.
i HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
I Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
i tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
j sent, and agreed to:
1 Resolved, Thatthe Sccretaiy of War be directed to com-
I muuicate to the Senate such suiwys of haihois on Lakes
' tstipeiior, Michigan, liuion, St. CI air, and Erie, in the State
| of Michigan, as have not been Intheito communicated, to-
, gether with such, estimates as may have been made for the
; impioveiuent ol said haibors.
! NEW MAIL ROUTE.
J Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
j luuon; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
[ Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
j Tost Roads be lequned to examine into the expediency of
j establishing n inn.it between Montgomery, Alabama, and
! Pensacola, Flonda, via Gieenviile and Sparta, Alabama.
i ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER.
| Mr. FITZPATRICK submitted the following
; resolution; which was considered by unanimous
j consent, and agreed to:
I Resolved, That the President b© !equc<=ted, as fai as may
, be comp,tunic \v,ih the public inteie^t, to eommuueate to
> the Senate the correspondence, irWiiicfion<, and oiders to
( the United States naval fuiceson the co.un of Central Amei-
i lea connected with tlv arie>t ot William Walker and his
i a&tociates, at or near the poit of Son Juan, m Nicaiagua,
; and that lie transmit such tiuther miorinatioa as be may
i possess in relation to that event.
