1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBE.
2285-
States brig Porpoise, in the South sea exploring j
expedition under Captain Wiikes,fromthe 1st of j
January, 1839, to the 7th of July, 1842, but ow- ;
ing to the omission of his name on the pay rolls j
rendered on the arrival of the expedition in the i
United States, the accounting officers of the Treas- !
ury disallowed his claim for the extra pay of $250
per annum, under the act of February 1, 1849.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JAMES SMITH.
The bill (S. No. 302) for the relief of James
Smith was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to place the name of James Smith,
now of the city of Washington, late a soldier in
the war with Mexico, and on the frontiers of
Texas, upon the invalid pension roll at the rate
of eight dollars a month, to commence on the 4th
of March, 1858, and to continue during his life-
time.
The petitioner was several years in the Army
of the United States, serving throughout the Mex-
ican campaign and doing duty upon the frontiers
of Texas, where he received the injury, while out
with a scouting party, which has resulted in a
permanent disability. The duty upon which he
was engaged at the time of receiving the injury
is legarded of a hazardous character; and though
the manner in which he received the wound does
not appear in evidence, the petitioner appeared in
person with an arm totally disabled, and stated
that the injury was inflicted by a blow from a
musket struck by the non-commissioned officer
who was in command of the scouting party to
which he was attached. The blow broke the arm :'
and dislocated the elbow joint, and before he was ,
able to return to camp and receive surgical treat- 1
ment, a bony union of the joint had taken place, i
and left his arm so crooked as to be totally dis- j
abled. Ho remained in the hospital after his re- j
turn until his wound was healed, when he was .
discharged from the service, on the surgeon's cer- |
tificate, for ordinary disability. !
The bill was reported to the Senate without ,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third j
reading, read the third time, and passed. |
ISAAC VARN, SR. j
The bill (S. No. 303) for the relief of Isaac
Varn, sr., was read asecond time, and considered i
as in Committee of the Whole. ;
It proposes to require the Secretary of War to j
examine and adjust the claim of Isaac Varn, sr., j
of Duval county, Florida, for the use and occu- j
pation of his property, for wood and timber cut
from his land, and for other property belonging !
to him, taken and used by the United States j
troops between April 1, 1836, and July 1, 1841; ;
and to pay the amount so found due, upon com- j
petent and sufficient evidence, not exceeding j
#5,000. i
Mr. KING. I think the bill had better lie over, j
The bill was passed over. j
SAMUEL H. TAYLOR. j
The bill (S. No. 306) for the relief of Samuel
H. Taylor was read a second time, and consid- i
ered as in Committee of the Whole. !
It provides for the allowance to Samuel H.
Taylor of $540, for extra service performed by
him as messenger in the office of the Third Aud-
itor of the Treasury, from June, 1853, to June,
1856.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask for the reading of the
report. .
The Secretary read the report, from which it i
appears that Mr. Taylor was employed as a la-
borer in the office of the Third Auditor, at fifty
dollars per month. In June, 1853, itbccame neces-
sary to hire a building, separate from the Treas-
ury Department, for the use of a portion of that
office, in which some twenty-four clerks were lo-
cated. For this branch of the office Mr. Taylor
■was the sole messenger and laborer; and for a
portion of the time, as stated by the principal
clerk in charge, this office was kept open from
five o'clock, a. m., until nine or ten o clock, p.
m., during all of which time the petitioner was
in attendance as messenger and laborer. The late
Assistant Secretary of theTreasury states that the
average number of clerks employed in this divis-
ion was about twenty-four, and that Mr. Taylor
was the only person employed in the capacity in
question in that division from June 1853, to June,
1856, and that his diligence and activity supplied
the place of numbers, accomplishing twice, if not
thrice, as much labor as, in general, is performed
by employes of his class. The claimant deposes
that his extra service extended to six or seven
hours every day, and that Colonel Burt, then
Third Auditor, told him to continue the duty, and
he would see him paid. Colonel Burt soon after
left the office, and subsequently died.
The committee do not recognize the right of
officers of the Government generally, and. espe-
cially of the higher and more expensive grades,
to compensation for extra services, or for services
performed out of office hours,-or agree to give
them such extra pay, except in extraordinary
cases, yet there may be cases, especially of sub-
ordinate and poorly paid employes, in which jus-
tice and equity would not only justify, but de-
mand, additional compensation for unusual and
severe labor and attention performed beyond the
ordinary requirements of departmental regula-
tions, and they consider the ease under consider-
ation to be one of these. The committee think it
just and proper that Mr. Taylor should be allowed
an additional compensation, and they have fixed
upon fifteen dollars per month as a reasonable rate
for the time lie was so employed.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
M. C. GRITZNER.
The bill (S. No. 308) for the relief of M. C.
Gntzner was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate §379 77, to be paid
to M. C. Gntzner, out of the patent fund, for com-
pensation and damages on account of the rescind-
ing, by the Government, of a contract made with
the Commissioner of Patents, on the 30th of
March, 1857, for the execution of descriptions and
illustrations of the Patent Office report for that
year, before the work was completed.
The petitioner, on the 30th day of March, 1857,
entered into a contract with Charles Mason, then
Commissioner of Patents, to prepare and exe-
cute descriptions and illustrations for twenty-five
hundied patents for the year 1857, for which he
was to receive §6,000, or pro rata, if they should
exceed or fall short of this number; the price of
each being §2 40. He entered upon the execu-
tion of his contract, and prepared descriptions for
one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four pat-
ents, when, on the 22d of September following,
he was notified that the contract had been disap-
proved by the Secretary of the Interior, to whom
it had been submitted J)y the Commissioner of
Patents only a few days previously; in conse-
quence of which the prosecution of the work was
discontinued. Payment has been made for the
number then completed, at the pro rata rate of
compensation. The peiitioner claims that the
contract was fully binding upon each of the con-
tracting parties, and that he should be paid at the
same rate for the whole number of lllustiations
for the year, being two thousand nine hundred
and twenty-six, amounting, on the unexecuted
portion, to $2,520 60. It appears that the con-
tract was duly and regularly made accoiding to
precedent, in the office of the Commissioner of
Patents, and that the petitioner executed the illus-
trations and descriptions of the year previous
under a similar contract, which was never sub-
mitted to the Secretary of the Interior for appro-
val. Ho was willing and anxious to perform and
fulfill his part of the contract; and to the extent of
two thousand five hundred illustrations, the cost
of that number exhausting the appropriation for
that purpose, the committee think he was justified
in relying upon the contract as securing to him
the work, so long as he performed it in accord-
ance therewith and satisfactorily to the Govern-
ment. The damages which he sustained by the
suspension of the conti act, after he had completed
one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four il-
lustrations and descriptions, are estimated at what
would have been the petitioner's actual profits
upon the six hundred and twenty-six illustrations
which, under the contract, he was entitled to exe-
cute. Taking his own estimate of expenses in-
curred in the execution of similar work the pre-
vious year, it appears that his profit on each would
have been sixty and two thirds cents, making, .
upon the whole, $379 77, which sum the commit-
tee think should be allowed him.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time,and passed.
JOHN B. MILLER.
The bill (S. No. 309) for the relief of John B.
Miller was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to place the name of John B.
Miller upon the roll of invalid pensioners, at eight
dollars per month, commencing on the 1st of Sep-
tember, 1857, and continuing during his natural
life.
Mr. Miller served as teamster under duarter-
master Sibley and others, from May, 1846, until
some time after the battle of Monterey, and while
in the actual performance of his duty as such
teamster, and while on the road from Carmargo
to Monterey with provisions, his mules became
mired, together with other teams, and during the
efforts made to extract them from the mire, he re-
ceived a severe kick from one of them upon the
leg, which produced long and severe suffering,
and finally resulted in necrosis of the bone, making
amputation necessary. Though he never was at-
tached to any regularly-organized military com-
pany, and transferred therefrom for duty as a
teamsterin the quartermaster's department, which
would be necessary in order to give him a pension
under existing laws, he has become totally dis-
abled from an injury received while strictly in the
line of his duty m the military service of his coun-
try, and the committee are therefore disposed to
waive the technicality of the law, and to grant
him a pension. The amputation was performed
by Dr. Gibson, then surgeon of the San Francisco
county hospital, in the year 1855, and he testifies
to the extensive necrosis of the bone, but no evi-
dence is produced to show under what medical
treatment the patient was from the time of bis
discharge up to the time of his entering the hos-
pital; but from the nature of the disease and the
ciicumstantial cvidencc produced, and also from
I the established good character of the petitioner,
j the committee have the utmost confidence in his
statements.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time,'and passed.
WILLIAM SMITH.
The bill (H. R. No. 209) for the relief of the
representatives of William Smith, deceased, late
of Louisiana, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to confirm the claim of William
'< Smith to six hundred and forty acres of land, now
I occupied by William B. Allen, in the parish of
| Livingston, Louisiana, being the same he resided
on at the time of his death, and settled originally
by Stephen Terry, and represented on the map
of surveys as section thirty-lime, in township six.
south, of range three east; and section sixty, in
township six south, of range two east.
; The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
1 a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
| PIERRE BROUSSARD.
: The bill (H. R. No. 211) for the relief of the
j heirs and legal representatives of Pierre Brous-
! sard, deceased, was considered as ill Committee
S of the Whole.
| It provides for the confirmation to the heirs
| and legal representatives of Pierre Broussard, de-
i ceased, late of Louisiana, of their title to a tract
i of land situated on the Bayou Teche, in the parish
! of St. Martin, known on the recognized public
I surveys as section thirty-six, in township eight
; south, of range five east, containing about one
| hundred and seventy acres.
! The bill was reported to the Senate without
; amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
! thiid time, and passed.
MRS. AMBROISE BROU.
The bill (S. No. 276) for the relief of Mrs. Am-
brose Brou, of the parish of St. Charles, State
of Louisiana, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to confirm her title to lot or section
