1858.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
bis proposition can be carried. I should much
prefer, myself, to get clear of the whole question
at once; but as I understand that this amendment
admits the State of Kansas now, subject to acon-
diiional vote hereafter on the constitution, J am
willing to vote for it, although I do not like it so
much as the proposition to admit Kansas at once
under the Lecompton constitution. Occupying
the position I do, under no obligations whatever
to sustain either the administration or the oppo-
site party, I shall vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky, reserving to myself, how-
ever, if it should not be carried, the right to vote
for the admission of Kansas with the Lecompton
constitution as the best and readiest means of re-
storing peace to the country.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote for the amendment,
reserving to myself the righttovote aslpleaseon
the bill, if the amendment should be adopted. I
am not entirely certain that I should not make the
same use of this proposition that we did of the
volunteers on the Army bill. We used the vol-
unteers to kill the regulars, and then we killed the
volunteers themselves. [Laughter.] But, sir, as
this amendment covers the whole ground that has
been occupied in debate, and as I have notspoken
upon the bill since it has been before the Senate,
and did not intend to do so, I desire now to notice
one or two statements made last night which I
feel that I am not willing to let go to the country
unchallenged; and to them I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate. The honorable Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] read an extract from
a newspaper, in which the writer took the ground
that, under the decision in the Dred Scott case,
the owner of slaves could £0 from any slave State
in the Union into any fiee State of the Union, and
that any provision of the constitution or laws of
the free State which denied his right to hold his
slaves there was void. I think that statement is
explicitly made in the paper. Tvly attention had
been called to it before. I had taken occasion in ad-
dressing assemblages of my fellow-citizens in my
own State and elsewhere, m commenting on that
statement of that paper, to say, as I now here re-
peat, that I solemnly believe, and I am ready to
stake what little reputation, as a man or a lawyer,
belongs to me, that the newspaper has the right
of the argument; and if, under the Drcd Scott de-
cision, the Constitution of the United Status au-
thorizes a man to take his slaves into the Territo-
ries, and protects him in th^ir enjoyment there by
virtue of the Constitution, it does the same thing
in a State; because the Constitution of the United
States is the supreme law, not only of a Territory
but of a Suite, anything in the laws or constitu-
tion of that State notwithstanding.
After the honorable Senator from Illinois had
made this statement—I am .speaking from memo-
ry now entirely; f have not the paper before me;
I do not know anything about it, and of course I
cannot state the words with precise accuracy, but
I think I shall convey the idea—the honorable
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] rose in his
place, somewhat excited I thought, or if he did not
rise excited, I thought ho got a little excited before
he sat down, and he denied the fairness of that
argument, and put his denial upon the assertion
that no southern Senator, and no Representative
of a southern State had ever put forth any such
doctrine. He denied entirely that it was the doc-
_ trine of the South, that it had ever been claimed,
and I thought was disposed to administer a little
rebuke to the Senator fi om Illinois for introducing
this newspaper statement into the debates of the
Senate. 1 agree that it was in bad taste, and it
must have been a direful necessity which would
justify the Senator; but I felt that same necessity
once before this session, and did actually quote
from that same newspaper. Sir, I am nut going
to eontioveti a single word that the Senator from
Georgia said, but I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to two facts which I think are very
significant in reference to this question: whether
& slaveholder can take his slaves into a free State,
and hold them there? The Senatorfrom Georgia
says no such right has ever been asserted by any
southern Senator or Representative. I do not
know that it has been, and I presume that they
never did it, as he says they never did.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him a moment, in the summer of 1856,
in the debate on (Ins very Kansas question, a
Repiesicntutive from the State of iNorth Carolina
made a speech asserting that doctrine. I heard
that speech, and it is so in the Globe.
Mr. HALE. Then I will qualify what I said,
so far as that is concerned; but the facts to which
I was going to call attention were not declarations
in speeches made in the Senate or House of Rep-
resentatives, bn f to the fact that that assertion has
been made in a more solemn and a more authentic
form, and that is, before the judicial tribunals of
the country. I beg the indulgence of the Senate
while I state the facts, to remember that I am
stating them from memory entirely, and that if I
misstate, it will be from failure of memory; but
if my memory serves me aright, there was a slave'
holder from the State of North Carolina, I think
his name was Wheeler, who found himself in the
city of Philadelphia, not many years ago, with a
number of slaves. A citizen of Pennsylvania went
on board the steamboat where they were, and
notified those persons there that they could not
legally be held as slaves in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, and thereupon they went off. For the utter-
ance of that sentiment a habeas corpus was issued,
directed to the individual who made this state-
ment, commanding him to come before the judge
of the United States district court, and bring with
him the slaves, which it seemed to be implied that
he had taken possession of by the declaration to
them of this principle. He made return to the
writ that he had not got the slaves; and for that
he was imprisoned, and held imprisoned a long
time. I think the late Judge Kane, in one of the
proceedings in that case, stated this same princi-
ple in substantially this form: that he knew of
no law of Pennsylvania by which any citizen of
the United States could be dnested of his prop-
erty in slaves in Pennsylvania. The matter ended
thu-e substantially. \ViUianisou was liberated,
and Judce Kane has since deceased.
But, sir, there is another case of more signifi-
cance even than that, bearing on this very point.
A Mr. Lemmon, I think lus name wos, traveling
from Virginia to Texas, found himself in the State
of New York with some half a dozen slaves, and
the same statement was made to those slaves, that
there was no authority to hold them in servitude
in the State of New York; and a writ of habeas
coipuswas taken out m that case, returnable, I
think, before Judge Paine; and the question was
brought before Judge Paine, whether slaves could
legally be holden m New York, under those cir-
cumstances. Judge Paine, if I remember cor-
rectly, substantially decided that it was legal to
bring slaves from Virginia to New York; but that
it was not legal to brins: Virginia laws to keep
them as slaves after they got there. The substance
of the decision was, that when they got into the
State of New York they became subject to the
laws of New York, and were therefore freehand
Judge Paine hbeiated them. There was so much
patriotism., or something else, m the city of New
York, that a subscription was got up to pay Mr.
Lemmon the full value of those slaves. It was
paid to him; Judge Paine, I think, very much to
his discredit, subscribing liberally to the fund,
lie is dead, and I will tread lightly on his ashes.
Every dollar of the value of the slaves, as I un-
derstand, was paid to Mr. Lemmon, but it did
not sweeten him. Notwithstanding he got the full
value of his slaves, a suit was brought; and, if
my rnemoiy does not serve me very badly, this
matter was alluded to m a communication of the
Governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia, to
the Legislature of that State; and a suit was in-
stituted, with a view of carrying it up to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, to determine
whether slaves could be holden m the State of
New York. It has been decided by every tribu-
nal that has had it under consideiation m that
State, even to the final couit of appeals, I think,
that Judge Paine was right; that slavery was act-
ually abolished in New Yoik; and that nu other
Legislature on God's earth had authority to in-
troduce its regulations as to the rights of people
within that State.
Now, sir, these are two facts, which, although \
they do not in the least contradict tlie statement,
of the honorable Senator from Georgia, I think ;
go a very great way to obviate the force of his j
argument, because they show that, notwithstand- i
ing this assertion has not been made on the floor i
of the Senate or on the door of the House of Rep-;
resentatives, the claim has been made, and is being j
prosecuted; and, if I mistake not it is now pending |
before the judicial tribunals of the country to de-
termine whether a slaveholder may come from a
slave State, and hold his slaves in a free State. But
it may be said, and it probably will be said, that
this is a different question; that this relates to
the right of passage through the State, to tran-
sit, to the condition of such persons while in
transitu, through the State. I agree to that. In
the form m which it is now presented, it does re-
late to that. I think the phraseology that has been
used in one of those decisions, in some stage of
the discussions, was, that the right in transitu
lasted for a convenient time. I am not sure of
the phraseology, but I think I am correct. I
think, in one of those decisions, or in some of
those proceedings, the right to hold slaves in a
free State was limited to the right of passage in
transitu, and limited to a convenient time. But,
sir, I submit to every Representative of a free State,
and I present it to every Senator on this floor, if
by judicial construction—■—
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire permit me to make one remark?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. With due deference to the Sen-
ator, I do not consider his line of argument very
important on the amendment now pending. I am
willing that he shall have a full opportunity to
make that argument, but I submit this suggestion
to him; there are some three or four Senators
present who are very unwell. They are anxious
and determined to vote, and it would be a very
| serious inconvenience to keep them waiting. I
{ request, therefore, if he can postpone this subject
' until some convenient season, that he will do it.
I will take it as agreat favor, and so will others.
Mr. HALE. The Senator lias hit me in a very
tender place, and I shall have to yield. It was
with no disposition to prolong this debate, but
simply because I thought the tiuth of histoiy re-
quired that the passage between the Senator from
Georgia and the Senator from Illinois should not
pass entirely unnoticed, that I have made the re-
marks I have; and yielding to the suggestion of
the honorable Senator from Missouri, I forbear
at this time, trusting that there will be an oppor-
tunity by-and-by.
Mr. SEWARD. Have the yeas and nays been
called for on the amendment offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have not.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for them, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD." I suppose that, according
to the rules of the Senate, if that substitute shall
be adopted, the bill cannot be farther amended in
Committee of the Whole; but I understand it will
be amendable in the Senate. I propose to vote
fur the amendment, although it contains several
things against which I am committed by my opin-
ions, and in regard to which, if the amendment
shall be adopted, I should desire that it should be
amended in the Senate. I will not detain the Sen-
ate to specify them, but simply say that I reserve
several objections when I vote in favor of the
amendment as a substitute, preferring it, in even
this shape, to the original bill; and intending, if
it be adopted, to move its amendment hereafter.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 24, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Brode/ick, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle. Douglas. Fe«*endcn,
Foot, Foster, Hale. Hauthn, Uarlnn, Kennedy, King. Sew-
ard, Simmons, Stuau, Sumuei, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Bnglitj Brown, Clay. Durkee, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpamck,
Green, Gwin, Hammond, Henderson, Houston, Hunter,
Ivcrson, Johnson ot Aifcans-a!-, Johnson ot Tc-riiiesbee,
Jones. Mallory, Ma-on, IVaree, Folk, Pugh. Sebastian,
ShdHl, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombt*, Wright, and VuJee—34.
So the substitute way rejected.
Mr. STUART. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from Missouri to the second section
of this bill as printed. It piovides:
" Thai the tftute of Kansas is admitted in the Union upon
thf express condition that ssaid State shall never interfere
with the pumaiy disposal of the public lands, or with any
r^ulauons which Congress may rind necessary for securing
thr title m said lands to the bona fide purchasci and grantees
thereof, or impose or levy any tax. assessment, or imposition
of any de-ettpuon whatever, upon them oi otimiproperty
of the United States vviihin the limits of the said Sum-; and
nothing m this' act shall be construed as an assent by Con-
gress to all or to any of the propositions or claims contained
In the oidmance of the said constitution of the people of
Kansas, nor to depiive the said State of Kansas of the saute
