1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Ready.
Ho. of Reps.
out by an Administration pledged to the defense of south-
ern rights; he is surrounded by a corps of officers, most
of them from the South, and every one of them sound na-
tional men; he was instructed to regard the territonal au-
tlionues as legal, and sustain them against the rebellion of
the Topeka Abolitionists ; he is acting in conccrt with the
friends of the South, and gallantly fighting their enemies.
We cannot help but think that such a man so sent, so in-
structed, so surrounded, and so acting, is entitled to sym-
pathy, comfort, and aid fiom the South, whenever they
can be given with a conscientious rogatd to truth. With
such a battle raging in his front, it was ungracious to open
this fire on his rear."
Now, sir, has not the President, by the show-
ing of his own organ, for which he is responsi-
ble, intervened in behalf of slavery, in behalf of
the South? Did he not send troops to Kansas
for the express purpose of maintaining the su-
premacy of southern influence in that Territory;
and did not he appoint a Governor for the same
specific purpose ? His organ says he has done
everything for the South. The North, the abused
and insulted North, was no more in the Presi-
dent's contemplation in his arrangements about
this Kansas matter, than though they had been
a nation of New Zcalandcis. The North had
nothing to do with it; but we intend to; and if we
are not infested with too many traitors at home,
we will try to do it;, and if we do, we will try to
take care of the traitors afterwards.
Now, let me give an extract from the Union a
few (not more than ten) days since:
" If theie should he seen a single Democrat to waver,
suspicion of infidelity to the puny mu-t neeess.mh au<e.
The Democratic party mu-t preserved ! If patuotic ser-
vicps deserve u>vvard at the hands of the people when dis-
played on tiie field of battle, they no less deseive it Wiicm
displayed m civil h!e."
Yes, now is the time, they say, when the fish
are hungry; so hungry that they will bite at a led
rag. Why, did ever you see a boy go into a
pasture to catch a horse, and shake the corn at him
with more distinctness and certainty than the Ad-
ministration here shakes the patronage of the
Government before the Democrats of the House
to bring them up to the scratch in regard to this
Lecompton matter? But the article goes on :
" The matter is now m the precise condition in which the
executive influence may be ino^-t available and decisive.
Th" shaky and hesitating Democrats aie maiked, and may
be bioimht into the lanks. A laigc executive patnmage is
yet undi-po^od oAdditional pationage is to he alftnded
bv th« Army bill, if it should pass, as it wdi, in some
shape."
Thus speaks the Union to the Democrats. It
shakes patronage in their faces, and says, '5 gen-
tlemen, wake up, wake up; we are ready to give
you salt or provender, just as yourappetites crave;
we have enough of it; no danger about that."
But, sir, in the few moments of time I have left,
1 desire to say some woids upon the subject of
these stnfes between the two section,3 of the Union.
The truth about this matter is, that the South is
the weaker section in point of wealth and num-
bers; and if numbers, as they ought, in democra-
cies, control, the Government ought to be in the
hands of the North—the non-slaveholding States.
Now, the difficulty to be reconciled under the
Constitution is this eternal inequality between the
slave and the free States; an inequality which I
will now go on to show is, and must continue to
be, hopelessly perpetual.
ADMfSSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. CHAS. READY,
OF TENNESSEE,
In tiie House of Representatives,
JVr«>cA29, 1858.
The House being m the Uouuuittee of the Whole on the
state of the Union —
Mr. READY said:
Mr. Chairman: I propose to discuss the pend-
ing proposition fur the admission of Kansas under
the Lecompton constitution. In doing so, it is not
my intention to go into a labored defense of sla-
very, or to elaborate the question as to whether or
not" it can lawfully exist under the Constitution
of the United States, as erroneous as I believe to
be the opinions oppressed by many gentlemen on
the subject. For my present purpose, I am con-
tent to find the Constitution recognizes the lawful
existence of sla\eiy, by providing for the recla-
mation of fugitive slaves; that three filths of the
slave population are to be estimated in apportion-
ing the Representatives to Congress. I might add
the ninth section of the first article, in regard to
the importation of slaves. Suffice it to say, " ita
lex scripta estI plant myself on the Constitu-
tion, and there I intend to stand. With its pro-
visions I am satisfied, and I intend to maintain
them, and the Union under them, as long as it
may be done consistently with the landmarks of
this great American chart. If the day shall ever
come when it shall be trodden under foot, the
Union dissolved, and broken into fragments,
neither patriot nor traitor shall have cause to say
to me, (tEt tut Brute
Nor is it my purpose to indulge in harsh epi-
thets toward those who differ with me, or to draw
invidious comparisons between the morality, in-
telligence, or prosperity of the different sections
of the country, as they may be affected one way
or the other by their local laws. I thought the
admonition of the member from Connecticut,
[Mr. Bishop,] upon this point, was wholesome
and appropriate; and I wish that all northern as
well as southern gentlemen would reflect upon,
and act in accordance with it. Having said this,
I must add, that I am sure there are few if any
instances in which southern men may have.been
betrayed into the use of remarks of the character
indicated, except in response to disparaging and
offensive arguments applied to their section. But
I drop this now, and I trust forever. Standing,
as I have just said, upon the Constitution, whose
platform is broad enough for all the North, and
all tho South, for myself, as a southern man, t(to
the manner born," I am willing to meet there the
men of the Noith,and giect them as political
biotheis, as long as they ate willing to stand with
me on terms of harmony and political equality.
Without fuither preliminary remarks, I come
directly to the discussion of the important measure
which has occupied so much of our time. Under
a law passed four years since, Kansas was organ-
ized as a Territory. Iler organic law was founded
upon the assertion of a great fundamental princi-
ple—the non-intervention of Congress on the sub-
ject of slavery in the Territories; to give effect to
which, it was necessary to repeal the Missouri
compromise. Finding in the Constitution no
grant of power to Congress to restrict slavery in
the Territories, or elsewhere, I believed the com-
promise was unconstitutional. I, also, behoved
it was a violation of our treaty stipulations with j
France, by which we acquired the territory; and [
that it was unjust to the South. I was, therefore, j
m favor of us repeal, and of leaving the people |
of theTerrilory " perfectly free to form and iegu- |
late theii domestic institutions in their own way, i
subicct only to the Constitution of the United
States."
Whatever difference of opinion may have ex-
isted in regard to the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise when the act was passed, I believe a very
large majority of the people of the United States
finally came to the conclusion that congressional
non-inteivention, as declared in the act, was the
true doctiine on which the question of slaveiy
was to be settled. I was of that opinion; and be-
lieved, in common with the friends of the measure,
that it would harmonize discordant elements, and
give quiet to the country on this most agitating
subject.
In the progress of events, a difference of opin-
ion was developed as to the construction of the
clause declaring that " the people of the Territory
were left perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States."
One side asserted the right of the people of the
Territory, in their own territonal capacity, to es-
tablish or prohibit slavery; a doctrine which has
generally been called squatter sovereignty." The
other side held, as I believe correctly, that neither
the people in their territorial capacity, or the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, have power either to estab-
lish or prohibit it. I distinctly announced this
position in a speech I made in this House, m
1854, in the discussion of the bill for the oigani-
zation of the Ten itories of Kansas and Nebraska;
ana no ftiend of the bill, North or South, contro-
verted its soundness. These conflicting opinions,
at least as between the suppoi ters of the bill men-
tioned, must have assumed a distinct antagonism
after its passage. They have since entered largely
into the creeds of political parties; have been-held
by different members of one of the great parties,
and have been elements in the political contests
of the times. Immigrants have flocked into the
Territory with extraordinary rapidity, and under "
extraordinary auspices, for the purpose of giving
the ascendency to each side of this disputed ques-
tion of power. They have been urged on by
partisans in the States, until arrayed in deadly,
hostility against each other. The narrative of
scenes of violence amongst them (no doubt often
exaggerated) has but served to arouse their re-
spective friends in the States, until the excitement
has pervaded almost every portion of the country.
Such is a brief history of the progress and pres-'
ent state of affairs in regard to Kansas.
She now presents herself.„with a constitution,
and asks for admission into the Union. In view
of her history, it is not a matter of siyprise that
she is embarrassed at every step taken to divest
herself of her territorial pupilage, and assume the
character of a sovereign State. But we should
remember she is asking a high constitutional priv-
ilege, which should not be denied her, except on
weighty and conclusivc reasons. Shall she be
admitted ? I answer in the affirmative.
It is conceded by all that she has sufficient pop-
ulation to entitle her to admission; and I have
not heard it doubted that her constitution is re-
publican in form. Was it legally formed ? If it
was, there can be no valid objection to her admis-
sion. In July, 1855, the Territorial Legislature
passed an act submitting it to the vote of the
people to determine whether they were in favor
of holding a convention to frame a State constitu-
tion, preparatory for admission into the Uniofl.
An election was accordingly held, in October,
1856, the result of which was an almost unani-
mous vote in favorof the measure. In accordance
therewith, the Territorial Legislature, on the 19th
of February, 1857, passed a law for making an
enumeration of the inhabitants; for registering
the qualified voters; and for the election of dele-
gates to a convention. The then Governor, Mr.
Geary, vetoed the bill, because it did not require
that the constitution to be framed should be sub-
mitted to a popular vote for adoption orrejection.
Upon a reconsideration of the bill in each House
of the Legislative Assembly, it was passed over
the Governor's veto by a two-thirds vote; and,
consequently, it became a valid law. It was reg-
ularly, fairly, and legally enacted, as far as we
have any knowledge or information. It is un-
usually guarded in all its provisions, with the
view of protecting the rights of evei y legal voter;
of guarding the ballot-box against frauds; and
for securing a full and fair expression of the pop-
ular will in the election of delegates. There is
nothing in it startling to fair-minded men; but
much to claim their admiration and confidence.
If it differs from previous laws passed under like
circumstances, forafcke object, the difference was
in favor of the honest legal voter and against cor-
rupt and bad men. The eleventh section of the
^ law provides:
j; "Every hona fide mhnhjtant of Kansas, being a citizen
11 of the United State?, and twenty-one years of age, whose
!; iCMdenru in the county whcio he ofleis to vote shrill have
hcpii thiee month* next before &aid election, shall he en-
j| titled to vote."
!! With this specification of the qualification of
\\ voters, so eminently just and proper, and the
Ji means provided for ascertaining the qualification
' of eacli and every man presenting himself as a
' voter, and of preventing and punishing violence,
! fraud, and illegality of any kind, it is inconeeiv-
, able how fair men can raise an objection to it.
! In pursuance of this Jaw, the enumeration of
\ the inhabitants and registry of the voters were
j taken, as far as practicable. The voters registered
j numbered nine thousand two hundred and fifty-
! one, falling but little short of the largest vote, up
j to that time, ever cast in the Territory. The ap-
I portionment was made by the acting Governor;
j and on the 3d of June, 1857, in pursuance of the
law, the election of delegates took place. The
! convention assembled at Lecompton, on the first
' Monday of September, 1857, I believe; and the
| constitution now before us is the result of its
| labor.
1 Upon the face of the record, all is fair; and the
