176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4.
But where it is supposed that justice requires any
revision of the decision, it may be proper for us
to call for the records of trial then; and that would
limit the call, perhaps, to comparatively few of
the records, for all X know, or it may be a greater
number; at any rate it would not incumber us
■with those that nobody wants. With this sug-
gestion, I am ready to acquiesce in any course
that is desired. I think the resolution ought to
be express, that we desire the original records,
and that they shall be returned by us -when we
have ceased to use them; for they .are necessary
records of the Department, and I suppose it may
be inferred that that would be the course.
There is one other remark I wish to make, and
that is, whether it is supposed the calling for
" these paper's is to have the effect of delaying our
action in those cases which have been favorably
decided on and in obedience to which the Presi-
dent has made his nominations to the Senate. I
hope 110 such delay as that is contemplated, and
shall resist any such use being made of this call
for records. I think they are entitled, by law, to a
confirmation at the hands of the Senate. All we
have to do is to inquire, as we do generally, as to
the fitness of these parties. With these remarks,
I am content that the Senator shall take the course
which he pleases in regard to this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think we can dispose of
this matter in a few minutes, if the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] will allow us to go on.
Mr. BROWN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to postpone the special order so as
to continue the consideration of this subject. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I shall be com-
pelled to oppose this proposition, until we shall
have had some investigation as to the probable
cost of printing these records. I have no remarks
to make on the propriety of this call ill itself, but
I behove the resolution "has not been referred to
any committee.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is not m contemplation to
call for the printing of these documents. This is
a preliminary step.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am aware
that the Senator from Louisiana does not intend
to have them printed, but when these documents
shall be piesented here for purposes of examin-
ation, the piintmg will be ordered 011 the request
of any two or three gentlemen. The practice of
the Senate assures me of tins. Though the Sen-
ator from Louisiana will not ask for this printing,
others may; and the consequences will be that tin:
printing of the usual number—fourteen hundred
and twenty copies—will be ordered, and then you
mightaswell print five thousand, for it costs very
little more to print five thousand than fourteen
hundred and twenty. I believe some investigation
ought to be had so that we may know the cost of
this printing. As to the propriety of calling lor
these documents, 1 believe ;t to be exceedingly
questionable. It will lead to the publication of
many things that ought never to go to the world.
It will cause unpleasantness to many parties, and
will be productive of nothing but confusion and
bitterness. I h<^po that at least the matter will be
referred to a committee, and a report made before
the Senate adopts the resolution.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 am sure that if the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing makes any ob-
jection to a motion of any Senator on the giound
of the absence of any necessity for printing these
records, or because of the cost, lie would be lis-
tened to with that attention which the Senate is
always accustomed to pay to him. I do not an-
ticipate that ti ouble.
A rcmaik fell from the Senator from Kentucky
to the effect that perhaps this movement was in-
tended for purposes of delay. I hope he docs not
include me in that imputation. 1 entertain an
earnest desire to have this very disagreeable matter
settled. I think the sooner we pass this resolu-
tion, and obtain possession of the information we
desire to govern us in our action, the sooner we
shall arrive at a consummation of this business.
For myself, I disavow altogether any intention to
delay the settlement of this question, either here
or elsewhere. I have nothing more to say titan
that I hope the resolution will pass.
Mr. DAVIS. I should think it very unfortu-
nate, indeed, to draw the original records out of
the Department at this time. I hope there are
eases which, under the revision of the President,
may call for his action by nomination to the Sen-
ate, where the courts have not recommended such
nomination. If it be desirable that the Senate
should have the proceedings of the courts in all
these cases, I think they must be copied, and the
originals left in the Department for the revision
of the President, and his action upon them. I
do not perceive why the Senate should call for
the records, unless it is for the exact purpose of
printing them. If the Committee on Naval Affairs
require information, such as is to be gathered from
the record, in each case where they need that aid,
it is in their power to call for the original papers.
Tn all other cases where therecordsare not needed
for the use of the committee, I think it far better
that they should remain in the Department. I
am not answered by saying that the records need
only be sent to accompany nominations which
may be made, because the President may wish to
make a comparison between a case which he lias
submitted on a recommendation of the court to
the Senate and some other case which has not
been submitted, because not recommended by the
court. For these reasons, I think, to enable the
President to discharge his duty properly, the ori-
ginals should remain in his possession.
Mr. SLIDELL. A suggestion has just been
made to me which, perhaps, may obviate all the
difficulty in this case. I understand from one of
my colleagues on the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that an abstract of the record and testimony in all
these cases has been made very carefully by the
Department. For all preliminary purposes, that
will be quite sufficient for me, and, with the assent
of the Senate, 1 propose to amend the resolution
so as to make it read:
RcsolceJ, That the Piesident be requested to communi-
cate to tin; Senate an abstiactof the records of pioceedmgs
of the seveial naval cotut^ of inqimy, otgamzed undei the
act of Congress -ippioved Janu.uy 10, JK37, to amend an act
entitled,u An act to promote the efheiency of the Navy."
Mr. BAYARD. As I cart see, in my own judg-
ment, much evil that may flow from the adoption
of this resolution without any possible good on
the action of the Senate, I shall be necessarily
: compelled to votp ngninst it. I do not see how
we are to constitute ourselves, in open session, a
tribunal for the purpose of revising the action of
these courts of inquiry. I think the whole pro-
ceeding, from the enactment of the original law
down to the present time, has done nothing but
demoralize the Navy. If this testimony be sub-
mitted to the Senate, in open session, either in
full or in abstract, I think the neccssary result
will bo its publication. It will only lead to dis-
putes, to crimination and recrimination, among
officers of the Navy; it will increase heartburn-
ings and jealousies, and will tend to demoralize
the Navy far more than it is now. I am unable to
perceive any possible ground or reason on which
we ought to call fortius testimony for any beneficial
purpose. If a nomination should come before the
Senate in executive session, I can conceive that a
Senator might desiie that the record m that par-
ticular case should be submitted to the Senate,
though I should doubt tho policy of the measure
even then; but, certainly, 1 can see no propriety
in a general publication of what is called an ab-
stract of this testimony. If it is to be truthful,
and give proper information, it must be an entire
abstract; it must omit nothing material. Here
you are delegating to others the power of saying
what is and what is not relevant testimony, m each
of these cases. I think it wiser that the matter
should be suffered to sleep in the Departments,
reserving the right to any Senator, m any indi-
vidual case whore he thinks it necessary for pur-
poses of individual justice, to call, m executive
session, for the proceedings in that case. I am
opposed to the resolution as it stands.
Mi. COLLAMER. I have never entered into
the subject of this naval investigation, nor have
1 made any remarks in the Senate with regard to
it. Yery much time was occupied during the last
Confess in endeavoring to put an end to the dif-
ficulties thdt had grown out of the execution of a
law of a previous session, and after a great deal
of time and labor and attention to the subject,
n plan was devised which it was supposed would
put an end to them. Other boards were provided,
and modes of carrying the question for revision
before those boards pointed out. They were to
report to the President, and he was to examine
thecases,and nominate to the Senate such officers
I as he thought proper for reappointment. It was
' hoped, at least, that this would put an end to any
more investigations of particular cases here, in the
Senate, unless, indeed, in a particular case of a
nomination—like any other nomination to office
—a Senator objecting to it would be at liberty, in
executive session, to call for any information the
Department might have; but that should be in
executive session, and be confined to the partic-
ular case in hand. I presume wc are not here to
take upon ourselves a revision of the decisions
of the courts of inquiry, and of the decisions of
the President in all these cases, and make provis-
ion for that by a call of this kind. It strikes me
as exceedingly ill advised. Gentlemen may differ
in opinion from me on this point; but, to my mind,
the movement is entirely out of place, entirely out
of time, and altogether inconsistent with the views
entertained by this body at the last session. We
can never put an end to these proceedings if we
now lay the foundation for a reexamination of the
whole matter. I am opposed to any call of this
kind, and to any publication of the sort now in-
dicated.
Mr. STUART. I think it is due to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi that he should proceed with
his remarks to-day; and I therefore move to post-
pone the further consideration of this subject until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Douglas, to refer so much of the
President's message as relates to the Territory of
Kansas to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I have sought
an opportunity to address the Senate on this sub-
ject now, because I think the season more aus-
picious for a calm and ummpassioned consider-
ation of it than any we shall have for weeks, or
perhaps for months, to come. JNTot feeling dis-
posed to take part m any scene of undue excite-
ment which may be produced by the discussion
of this question, I have preferred to deliver my
views in reference to it at a time when the Senate
and, to some extent, the whole country, is suffi-
ciently calm to give to them whatever consider-
j ation may be justly theirs. To understand the
subject fully, it seems to me proper that we should
go back to the beginning and examine the starting
point.
; When, in 1854, the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
I Douglas] brought forward his bill to organize the
i Territory of Kansas, he incorporated into it this
| language:
| " The said Tenitoiy, when admitted as a State, shall bo
1 received into the Union with oi without tdaveiy, i\< its con-
! stitution may piescubc at the tune of its admission."
I Whoever voted for that bill, voted to indorse
j this sentiment. The friends of the Kansas-Ne-
i braska bill, in both Houses of Congress, stand
to-day upon the record solemnly pledged to admit
the State with or without slavery, as us constitu-
tion may prescribe at the time of admission, and
the friends of the measure throughout the country
stand similarly committed. At a later period, the
national Democratic party assembled in conven-
tion at Cincinnati, and in laying down a platform
uf principles they resolved—
" Tiiat we recognize the rieln of the people of all theTer-
moiies.melnriin? Kansas and Nebiaska. acting thioni'h tho
legally and fanly expressed will of a niajoiitvof actual ie-s-
ldenu, and whenever the number of their inhabitants jus-
tifies it, to lorm a constitution, with or without domestic
siaveiy, and he admitted into the Union upon terms of pci-
feet equality with the other States."
After the adoption of that resolution, the con-
vention of national Democrats nominated the pres-
ent Chief Magistrate of the nation, and yon, sir,
for the first and second offices m the gift of the
Republic. You were elected. By this proceed-
ing, the members of that convention, its nom-
inees for President and Vice President, and the
electors, so far as the national Democratic party
were concerned, stood solemnly pledged to tho
admission of Kansas into the Union with or with-
out slavery, as her constitution should determine.
As an humble member of the party, supposing
that all these proceedings were sincere—that they
were to be carried out m good faith—I, so early
as the -22d of December, 1856, addressing the
