224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Heady.
Ho. of Reps.
question recurs, shall Kansas be admitted as a
{State, under tins constitution ?
Itis opposed by some gentlemen, first, because
there wasnotan enabling net passed by Congress-,
while others, as strongly opposed, take the ground
that an enabling act was not necessary. I appre-
hend the grounds of the opinion of both classes
are alike inconsistent with the right of admission
under the Leeompton constitution.
I hold that the act of the Territorial Legislature,
authorizing the election of delegates and Uphold-
ing of a convention, based as it was upon the pre-
viously expressed will of the people, in pursuance
of law, was the only enabling act necessary, in
addition to the organic act of the Temtoiy, which
is, of itself, an enabling act:
" It being the true intent and meaning of this act not tQ
legislate slavery into any Temtoiy or State, nor to exclude
it therefiom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to fotm and regulate their domestic institutions in then own
way, suhjeckonly to the Constitution of the United States."
This provision,, asl have already intimated, did
not authorize the people of the Territory, while
in their territorial pupilage, to decide upon the
question of slavery. Congies.s has no powci itself
to establish or prohibit slavery in the Territories
or elsewhere, as has been decided by the Supreme
Court; and tins was the broad foundation on
which rested the repeal of the Missouu restric-
tion of slavery north of 36° 30'. Not possessing
the power, of course Congress could not confer
it elsewhere.
It was not necessary to incorporate the provis-
ion quoted in the organic act, merely to authorize
the people of the Territory to establish or pro-
hibit slavery when they came to act in then* sov-
ereign capacity, as when framing a State consti-
tution. The right exists as an attribute of sov-
ereignty; was not, by the Constitution, conferred
on Congress; and was therefore <s reserved to the
States, respectively, or to the people."
But there was a motive, an object to be accom-
plished, by tin's provision of the act; and it doubt-
less was, to enable the people of the Tcmtory,
after the period had arrived at which they could
constitutionally act, in their own time and man-
ner, either by the employment of a convention
chosen by themselves or by popular vote, to*de-
cide the question of slavery for themselves, with-
out the necessity of further congressional action.
IJow could they be " perfectly free to form and rcg-
uUtle their domestic imtilutiunsm their owmcny, sub-
ject only to the Constitution of the United States^'
if it was necessary for Congress to pass a subse-
quent act to enable them to do it? If the right
rested with Congress, why should it not prescribe
the mode as well as the time? Then one, 01 both,
might not accord with their wishes; and, being
thereby restrained, they would not be "perfectly
free to form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way.'3
I might refer to the opinions of distinguished
gentlemen, whose peculiar positions at the time
they were expressed, and the relations in which
they now stand to tins subject, give them unusual
point and force. I refer to the opinions of Senator
Douglas, m his Springfield speech of the 12th of
June, 1857; and to the speeches of Governor
Walker anil Secretary Stanton to the people of
Kansas, pending the election of delegates to the
convention, m which they all hold that no other
enabling act was necessary.
A majority of the House of Representatives of
the Thirty-Fourth Congress, m which Republi-
can members were in the ascendency, and many
of whom arc members of the present House, did
not consider an enabling act by Congress neces-
sary m regard to Kansas. The Toombs bill,
carefully prepared, fair and just in its provisions,
authorizing Kansas to form a constitution, passed
by the Serrate by u large majority, was lost m the
House by the votes of the Republican party. It
will be remembered they then had a favorite bant-
ling, known as the Topeka constitution, framed
by a convention gotten up without any law, in
opposition to and in defiance of all lawful author-
ity, and revolutionary in its character, under
which they were attempting to bring Kansas into
the Union as a sovereign State. No enabling act
was then necessary in their opinion.
When the territorial act of July, 1855, author-
izing the holding of a convention, reached the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, then in session, and its
fair, just, and wise piovisions were seen, but few
regrets were enieitained in either House for the
failure of the Toombs bill; and doubts were no
longer entertained that in due season the people
of Kansas would form and regulate their domes-
tic institutions in their own way, in accordance
with the strictest fidelity to the organic act and
the Constitution of the United States. The late
and the existing Administrations recognized the
legality of the proceeding; and I believe I may
say there was a general acquiescence in all the
depaitments of the Government.
It has, in fact, never been considered an indis-
pensable or necessary pieliininary in the case,
that Congress should pass an enabling act, though
it has sometimes been done. At least half of the
States admitted since the adoption of the Federal
Constitution have come in without an enabling
act, my own State (Tennessee) among them; her
only authority for the formation of a constitution
having been derived from an act of her Territo-
rial Legislature. But I forbear to specify exam-
ples, though they are numerous, and dismiss this
objection.
A second objection is, that a large portion of
the free-State voters were disfranchised and not
allowed to vote for delegates to the convention;
that the arrangements for a registry of the votes
were inadequate to the end, or that the officers
failed to discharge their duty through negligence,
fraud, or some other cause; and not having been
registered, they were prevented from voting.
The law under which the registry was made
designated competent officers in each county, with
power to appoint deputies under them, and al-
lowed one month to perform the duty, at the end
of which time they weie to file lists in the offices
of the probate judges of their respective counties.
Copies of the lists were to be posted in public
places for the inspection of all; and one month
moio was allowed for the correction of errors, by
striking off any names which should be proved
to have been improperly returned, and adding any
which should appear to have been improperly
omitted. Here was ample time and opportunity
for full justice in the premises. The number re-
gistered, nine thousand two hundred and fifty-one,
could not have fallen very far short of all the legal
votes in the Territory. 3f the election for State
offieers, in October, 1857, which was warmly con-
tested, and brought out the largest vote ever polled
there up to that time, and which is believed to
have exhibited near, if not quite, the full strength
of the voting population, may be regarded as a
correct criteiion, it may be safely estimated that
not exceeding two thousand to three thousand
votes were omitted in the registry.
It appears from authentic sources—official doc-
uments—and, in fact, I believe it is not denied,
that many of the free-State men, or Republicans,
refused to legister; that in some instances they
gave fictitious names; that they resorted to threats
of violence and intimidation of the officers, as well
as every other means in their power to prevent
the execution of the law.
Mr. Stanton, then acting Governor, in address-
ing those very men, makes the following state-
ment on this subject:
:: i may ?ay. however. i have heard statement-* quite as
authentic a-, jour own, and tn fomo instances, liom meni-
berj. of jour own paifv, {Republican-*.) to the efiVct that
jour political fnemN have vety gpnetally, indeed, almost
universally, refused to puiueip.tlc in the pending pint,cod-
ings lor legisteimg the names, of the Jey.il votei - fu *-ome
instances they have given fictitious names, and in nnmei-
ou-j otheis they lofused to give any names of nil. W u ean-
not deny that your paity have herttcfoic ie-olved not to
take part in the iegi«t ration, and it appears to me that, with-
out indulging ungenerous su-incion  of the innnnuy of oTfi-
ceis, \ou might well attribute any cum* ;uid onu^nms ol
the -hcntN fo the existence of tins well known and con-
trolling f.ict.''
George Wilson, judge of probate for Anderson
county, made an affidavit that, to his personal
knowledge, this party threatened the life of any
who should attempt to take the legal census; that
the life of any one attempting to execute the law
in this respect was in danger; and that these
threats prevented the taking of the census in An-
derson county within the time prescribed by law.
He also swears that similar threats prevented the
execution of the law in Alien and Franklin coun-
ties.
I believe these statements have never been re-
futed, or seriously controverted. On the contrary,
the determination of the Free-Soilcrs not to vote
in the election of delegates to the convention has
become a matter of history, as also the efforts of
Governor Walker and others to induce them to
change their intentions, by warning them that
" those who abstain from the exercise of the right
of suffrage authorize those who do vote to act for
them in that contingency, and the absentees are
as much bound under the law and constitution,
where there is no fiaud or violence, by the act
of the majority of those who do vote, as if ail
had participated in the election." This principle
lies at the very foundation ot all representative
government, which could not exist without it.
Strike it out of our political system and you could
not elect a Representative to this House, whose
enemies might not manage to avoid his election,
and render it a mere farce. In view of this im-
portant truth, those people were admonished by
the Governor not to console themselves with the ex-
pectation of defeating the ratification of the constitu-
lion by a subsequent vote; for although he was in
favor of submitting it to the people for their ap-
proval or rejection, he did not know the conven-
tion would so decide, and there was no power to
control their discretion.
These admonitions, and the great truths on
which they were founded, were unheeded, and we
are now invoked to treat them as idle babblings
and political heresies. For myself, I am willing
to test this objection by such heresies.
I pass to the charge of fraud, which maybe
numbered as objection third. Fraud in the elec-
tion of delegates to the convention, and fraud
generally; for I believe some affect to consider
everything connected with the convention, from
the enactment of the law for the election of dele-
gates to the end of their labors, and the entire
work of their heads and hands, as soiled with
fraud. I believe one gentleman [Mr. Granger]
said the Leeompton constitution "is covered alt
over with fraud, and spotted with corruption."
This is a grave cliaige. It is easily made, and
frequently hard to prove. It is a legal aphorism
that fraud must be proved and not presumed. It
is founded in good sense, and must prevail as well
in political as in judicial tribunals. I ask, then,
where is the evidence of fraud? It was not in the
enactment of a wise, just, and efficient law to pre-
serve the purity of the ballot-box, and the rights
of every bona fide citizen; to prevent and punish
ail fraudulent and violent interference in the elec-
tion, and to secure a full and fair expression of
the popular will. It was noun the faithful attempt
of the officers, under that law, to carry out its
laudable intent, by making a fair registry of all
the voters in the Territory, for the purpose of
seeming them m the exei ciso of the elective fran-
chise, and to enable them to keep off aliens, non-
residents, and invaders of every description. It
was not in the willful obstinacy, fraud, and threat-
ened violence of the free-State men to prevent the
completion of the registry. Surely gentlemen of
the Republican party will not now turn on their
present co-laborer, late acting-Governor Stanton,
by whom the apportionment of delegates was
made, and say that was fraudulent, mid "thou
a>t the man." No, gentlemen, though 1 may be
prepared to believe much, I cannot believe you
will beguilty of such ingratitude. It would be an
accumulation of misfortunes on him too griev-
ous to be borne; and, m the bitterness of his an-
guish, well might he exclaim, " save me from my
Ji lends!''
Was there fraud in the election of delegates to
the convention? There is no proof of it. And
m all the investigation of illegal votingin Kansas,
I am not aware that any attempt has been made
to ferret out illegal votes in this election, for the
reason, I suppose, that the registry was an ample
protection. Rut, even if it be concede d that fraud-
ulent votes were cast, the fact would not, in legal
phrase, be cause forchallengmg the array, or set-
ting aside the veidiet of the jury; annulling the
convention, and avoiding its acts, any more than
it would give cause for annulling the present
House of Repiesontatives, or declaring its acts
void, because illegal votes may have been cast in
the election of its members: a thing which prob-
ably occurs to eo-me extent in every popular elec-
