1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
grants wtucli were contained in the act of Congress entitled
1 An act to authorize the people of the Territory of Minne-
sota to form a constitution and State government, prepar-
atory to admission into the Union on an equal looting with
the original States,' approved February 28,185/."
I wish to ask the Senator if he intends, in the
latter clause of that section to carry to the State of
Kansas the same grants of public lands that were
given by Congress to the State of Minnesota.
Mr. GREEN. I will answer. The design of
that is to grant nothing, but not to preclude us
from hereafter doing whatever is right, just, and
equitable in the premises. It is to grant nothing,
but to reserve the' right to make a liberal grant to
Kansas according to her condition, on the s&me
principles that one was made to Minnesota, that
is all. It is to reserve that right and prevent a
conclusion against the State.
Mr. STUART. I respectfully suggest, then,
Mr. President, to the Senator from Missouri,that
it would be better to strike out this language and
leave the bill silent on the subject. There is no-
body, I apprehend, who denies the power of Con-
gress to make a grant of public lands in such pro-
portions as it chooses to the State of Kansas on
certain terms and conditions, but it is not neces-
sary to say that nothing in this act shall deprive
the State of such grants. That language is cer-
tainly susceptible of the construction that it does
make a grant. I do not mean to say that it is suf-
ficient to carry the grant to the State, but it is sus-
ceptible of such a construction. The Committee
on Territories repudiate this ordinance,upon the
ground of its enormity, upon the ground that it
is so excessive in its demands that Congress will
not agree to it. Let me call the attention of the
Senator from Missouri to the peculiar terms of
this clause of the second section:
<! Nor to deprive the said State of Kansas of the same
grants."
It does not say, " nor to deprive the State of
Kansas of grants hereafter to be made;" but it
does leave them to set up the idea that here is a
grant to that State of this quantity of lands, with-
outattacliingtothatgranttheconditionson which ,
we have made it to all other States. When we j
have made this grant of land* to the other States, !
we have attached to it conditions which are to re- ,
main fundamental, irrevocable; and we require the
assent of the State, in some proper form, to the
conditions which we attach to the grant.
I confess that I have more solicitude on this
subject, from the fact that the Lecompton consti-
tution, as it was first printed and presented to the
country, claimed to be by the authority of the
convention, made this ordinance a part of the in-
strument itself, and made it the first part of it. I
think that wTien the president of the convention
certifies that the ordinance was submitted as a
part of the constitution to the people of Kansas,
lie but certifies the truth that it was done; and the
separation ofithasbren made by him witlioutany
authority whatever from the convention, because
■we learn lately that the President of the United
States had an authentic copy of that constitution,
and the Union of this city, it will be remembered
by every gentleman who saw the paper, published
what it said was an authentic copy of this consti-
tution which had been received by the President,
and the authentic copy thus published was such
as I have described. The first portion of the con-
stitution thus published and described as the con-
stitution, was this ordinance claiming these land
grants. It was a part of it; it was not separated;
and it was said at the time, I repeat, to have been
received by the President of the United States,
and to be an authentic copy of the instrument.
In a discussion which arose in the early part of
the session, the Senator from Missouri took the
ground, it will be remembered, that this ordinance
was no part of the constitution, and that it was
entirely within the power of Congress to reject
the ordinance and accept the constitution. The
same view was taken in newspapers throughout
the country; and there was ample time for any
shaping of this instrument to be made that was
thought proper to be made, in order that the in-
strument should come here with as few objections
againstitas possible. The ordinance has been sep-
arated from the rest of the constitution by the pres-
ident ofthe convention, or by somebody else—my
object is not to make any charges against him; but
it stands now, as sent here by the president, sep-
arated and separately certified; and yet he says,
in that certificate,thatitwas submitted tothepeo-
pleof Kansas as a part of the constitution. There
is no mistaking that language. Then the people
of Kansas regard it as a part of the constitu-
tion.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator say that Mr.
Calhoun certifies it was submitted to the people ?
If he will read the certificate, he will find that he
is mistaken.
Mr. STUART. I ani as anxious to be correct
as the Senator is to have me so. I will read the
certificate, and the Senator from Ohio will see that
it says exactly what I state:
" The within is a tiue and perfect copy of the ordinance
adopted by the constitutional convention, and submitted as
part of the constitution, by the convention which assem-
bled at Lecompton on the 5th day of September, anno Dom-
ini 1857."
Mr. PUGH. I askthe Senatornow,if he means
to pretend, after reading that, that it is an allega-
tion that the ordinance was submitted to the peo-
ple; that those words say it?
Mr. STUART. I will test the accuracy of the
Senator, because I do mean to say that; and I tell
the Senator, distinctly, that I do mean to say it.
Here is the certificate attached to the constitution
itself:
" The within is a true and perfect copy, as compared by
me, of the constitution of the State of Kansas, prepared and
submitted by the constitutional convention at I.ecompton,
on the 7th day of November, anno Domini 1857."
It uses precisely the same language—"submit-
ted." Submitted to whom?
Mr. BROWN. To Congress.
Mr. STUART. Submitted to Congress! Well,
sir, it is a very great pity that the gentleman who
presides over the affairs of this constitution did
not say so. The instrument itself says, that be-
fore it shall be presented to Congress, it shall be
submitted to the people. That is the way in ;
which the term " submitted" is used in this con-
stitution; and when this certificate says it has been
submitted, to whom does it mean that it has been
submitted? To the people. In the document be-
fore me there is another communication that sub-
mits this constitution to Congiess. He writes a
letter to the President asking him to communicate
this constitution to Congress, and hopes that he
will send along with it such suggestions as he
thinks are proper. As I have said, I do not raise
this question here for the purpose of cavil. If the
committee who have reported this bill intend that
there shall be no controversy or mistake about it,
then the safe way is to strike out the language to
which 1 have alluded, and leave the matter en-
tirely to the future action of Congress.
Mr GREEN. I will explain this matter to
the satisfaction of the Senator from Michigan, for
I am satisfied he docs not wish to raise a mere
captious objection.
Mr. STUART. Certainly not.
Mr. GREEN. This is an exact copy from the
bill admitting the State of Arkansas, and that
reads as follows:
" Nothing in this act shall he construed as an assent by
Congress to all or any of the propositions contained m the
ordinance of the said convention of the people of Arkansas,
nor to deprive the said State o[ Arkansas of the same grants
subject to the same restrictions which weie made to the
State of Missouri, by virtue of an act entitled < An act to
authorize the people of Missouri Tenitory,' " &c.
Mr. STUART. What was done under it?
Mr. GREEN. At a subsequent period, Con-
gress passed a law making a grant to Aikansas,
and this was never construed to make a grant,
but it did not preclude it, and that is the only pur-
pose.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It carries an implication.
Mr. GREEN. It does, and to that extent it is
just and proper. Some have held that the mere
sovereignty of a State entitles that sovereignty to
the right of taxation on all property within its
limits. It has been a controverted point whether
the States could tax the lands of the United States
without a contract agreeing not to tax them. This
part of the bill admitting the State of Kansas,
says they shall not tax them. Now, there ought
to be some consideration for it. We cannot scop
at this time to make that consideration, but we
can do as we did in the case of Arkansas. In
that case, while we required the State to relinquish
the right to tux, we said we will not preclude the
St-Ue from insisting on a fair equivalent in the
shape of grants of public land—that is all.
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to deprive the
State of that grant, and I will therefore suggest
this amendments
Nor to deprive the said State of Kansas of the same grants
hereafter to be made. ^
If the Senator will insert those words, " here-
after to be made," all the objection I have will be
obviated. ["No objection.
Mr. GREEN. I prefer to let the bill stand as
it is. I am following the example which has
been heretofore set by the Congress of the United
States, and that has worked well. I see no ne-
cessity for any change.
. Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Mis-
souri will accept this amendment. It cannot im-
pair the effect of the-bill. It will make it certainly
mean just exactly what it says it now means.
Mr. GREEN. If you are all willing, I have
no objection
Mr. STUART. After the word " grants," I
move to insert " hereafter to be made."
The amendment was agreed to. .
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the question
be taken on concurring in all the amendments to-
gether or separately ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to say a
word upon the second amendment before it is
passed upon by the Senate. I will ask the Sec-
retary to read it.
The Secretary read the second amendment
which is in line nine of section two after the word
" State" to insert:
And that nothing in this act shall be construed toabridge
or infiinge any right of the people asseited in the constitu-
tion of Kansas at all times to alter, reform, or abolish their
fotm of government in such manner as they may think
pioper. Congress hereby disclaiming any authority to inter-
vene or declare the eoiistiuetion of the constitution of any
State except to see that it be republican in form and not in
conflict with the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is to he
debate, the Chair supposes it would be proper to
dispose of the amendments in their order. If
there be no objection, therefore, he will put the
question on the first amendment m reference to
the preamble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not, perhaps, ob-
ject to taking the vote on all the amendments to-
ge ther.
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the first amendment, in regard to the preamble.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois now has the floor on the second amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a sufficient objection
I apprehend, to this amendment, that it is wholly
unmeaning. It can have no possible effect upon
the bill which we are passing. It provides that
nothing in this act shall prevent the people of
Kansas from changing their form of government,
and then goes on to say that it is not the inten-
tion of this provision to explain or to declare the
meaning of the State constitution. Such a pro-
vision, [ apprehend, is entirely nugatory, of no
possible effect, and can do no good by being in-
serted in the bill, but it contains the assertion of
a fact. It asserts that it is not the intention of
this bill to change or modify in any respect the
constitution of Kansas. I do not remember the
precise language, but that is the purport. It has
already been shown that the ordinance is a part
of the constitution, and that this bill changes the
ordinance. That however is answered by those
who vote for the bill and for this amendment, by
saying that the ordinance is no part of the consti-
tution. Well, sir, admit that to be so. I take it
that the boundaries of the State are a part of the
constitution.
The first article of the constitution prescribes
the boundaries of the State of Kansas. Now, sir,
can Congress prescribe different boundaries from
those adopted by the people of Kansas? You
have disclaimed in this amendment any authority
to alter or changc the constitution as presented.
You say you do not do it by rejecting the ordi-
nance, but if you change the boundaries do you
not change the constitution ? Are they not a part
of the constitution? It has been said that they
arc. Then how is Kansas admitted ? If Con-
gress passes a law that a region of country dif-
ferent from that which seeks admission into the
Union as a State, shall be admitted, does that admit
the country which has applied to be admitted with
