THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1858.
New Series No. 12.:
Senate on one branch of this subject, employed
this language:
" If Kansas comes here with a constitution made by her
bona fide people, free fioui all outside influences, excluding
slavery, there is not a Democrat in either House of Con-
gress who will not vote for her admission ; and if, on the
other hand, she comes with a constitution, similarly made,
toleiaung slavery, tliuie i not a Democrat who will not vote
for her admission."
I supposed, sir, that the passage of the original
Kansas bill, the adoption of the resolution which
1 have read by the national Democratic party,
the nomination of gentlemen committed to the
support of the doctrines contained in the resolu-
tion, and their subsequent triumphant election
through the agency of the national Democratic
party, had committed all of us to the doctrine
that Kansas was to be admitted with or without
slavery, as her people should determine. Some
question having been raised as to whether we
meant that precisely, or,if wedid, as to whether
we were not disposed to avoid the force of the
committal by a resort to technicalities, I, on the
23d"of Decemberlast, just before the last adjourn-
ment of the Senate, this question being under
consideration, used this language:
" I de3ire simply to say that I stand whcic T stood at the
last session of Congress:, ;md that nothing which ttan^nrcd
in Kansas on Monday last is to chansre my po-ition. if the
election on Monday was a fair one, a-* I hope it wa«, in
which all parues wue allowed freely and without hmder-
ance to take part, and Kansas a&ks admission as a tree
State,! stand upon the lecotd m fuvoi of her admission.
If, on the other hand, she a«<k.> admission as a s-itate,
I shall expect those who entered into the compact with us
duimg the last session of Congiess to abide by their pledges
and vote for her admission."
Kansas has voted. If telegraphic and other
rumors from that country may be relied upon, she
is likely to ask for admission as a slave State.
The question now arises, are these pledges to be
redeemed; and, if not,why? Is the compact into
which we entered to be kept in good faith; and,
if not, why? Is Kansas, upon her own demand,
to be admitted as a slave State; and, if not, why ?
I mean to address myself to these inquiries. I
have shown you, sir, that the friends of the Kan-
sas bill stood committed to the admission of Kan-
sas as a slave State, if she should ask to be thus
admitted. I have shown you, sir, that the na-
tional Democratic party m convention, and by its
vote at the ballot-box, stands solemnly committed
to the same doctrine. I have shown you at the
same time that I, and those who think with me,
who prefer the admission of Kansas as a slave
State, stood solemnly committed to hcradmission
as a free State, if she came and asked for admis-
sion as a free State. We never dreamed of avoid-
ing the force of this committal by a resort to mis-
erable technicalities. It was a pledge made in
good faith; and, whenever the opportunity has
oifered, we have renewed the pledge to stand by
it in good faith. As I said in the few remarks
made by me on the 23d of December last—thus
standing pledged ourselves, we expect those who
stand pledged on the other side to act in equal faith
to their obligation.
Beyond all question,Mr. President,slavery lies
at the bottom of our difficulties 111 Kansas. We
may differ in reference to her banking policy, her
railroad policy, her school policy, her laws reg-
ulating marriage and divorce, the relation between
master and servant, and parent and child, and all
that. That we may differ on these points is cer-
tainly most tiue; but it is just as true, that if
slavery were out of the way, v/c should not waste
one hour of our precious time in considering one
or ali of these points combined.
Nor, sir, is this difference on the subject of
slavery of recent origin. It dates back almost
to the foundation of the Government; but it was
not until 1819 or 1820 that it became so intense
as to threaten not only the peace but the very
perpetuity of the Government. Though the men
of that day entered into a sort of compromise
which was kept, as such compromises are apt to
be, with Punic faith, the feeling has become still
more intense with each succeeding year from that
day until now; each attempt to compromise it has
12
but resulted in still further disaster to the coun-
try. Perhaps in all the conflicts and all the con-
tests which we have had in reference to slavery,
nothing is more worthy of note than this: that
whenever a Territory has been about to be organ-
ized over that portion of our domain where sla-
very had neither gone nor was likely to go, Con-
gress has acted without difficulty. Whenever a
new State has been introduced into the sisterhood
from that region of country where slavery does
not exist, we have found the same state of feel-
ing; she has been introduced as a matter of course.
On the other hand, whenever you have been about
to organize a Territory in that portion of the pub-
lic domain into which slavery had either pene-
trated or was likely to penetrate, there has been a
revival of this sectional controversy. Whenever
a State has been introduced from that portion of
the country, you have had a still more intensified
state of feeling on this subject.
Thus, sir, you have seen States in the North-
west introduced one after another. Michigan, the
State from which my honorable friend before me
[Mr. Stuart] comes, Iowa, and Wisconsin pre-
sentnotable examples—organized, sustained, and
admitted into the Union, with scarcely a word
of controversy from the South. When you go
South, you find that the introduction of Arkansas
and Florida and Texas, was stoutly resisted, and
chiefly on the ground of slavery. These tilings
have brought my mind to the conclusion, as they
have doubtless brought the minds of othergentle-
rnen, that slavery is regarded, as I stated at the
outset, as the great bone of contention between
the two sections of the Union.
Mr. President, I find that I am, as I am some-
times apt to be in moments of excitement, taken
suddenly with vertigo. I yield the floor.
Mr. CLAY. I move the postponement of this
question until Wednesday.
Mr. DAVIS. When will my colleague be able
to go on ?
Mr. BROWN. To-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator from Ala-
bama will modify his motion so as to postpone
the question until to-morrow.
Mr. CLAY. 1 move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until to-morrow at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDER J. ATOCHA.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
first business in order was the bill (S. No. 28)
for the relief of Alexander J. Atocha, which was
read the second time.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to examine into the claims
of Alexander J. Atocha against the Government
of Mexico, for losses sustained by hiin by reason
of his expulsion from that Republic in 1845, and
to pay the loss or damage so ascertained. It
is provided, however, that the amount so to be
paid shall in no event exceed the balance of the
$3,250,000 provided by the fifteenth article of the_
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo for the payment of
claims of citizens of the United States against the
Government of Mexico, which still remains un-
applied to that object.
Mr. STUART. From what committee does
that bill come ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. .STUART. I should like to hearthe report,
so as to see what the facts are.
Mr. SEWARD. The report in this case was
made by the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, [Mr. Mason,] and is based on the
agreement of the committee to a report made by
him at the last session. 1 apprehend that no mem-
ber of the committee who is now present is pre-
pared to explain the matter to the Senate or take
charge of the bill. With the consent of one of my
colleagues on the committee, who takes an interest
m the subject, I move that the consideration of the
bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE P. MARSH.
The Senate, asin Committee of the Whole, next
proceeded to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
l)for the relief of George P. Marsh, which con-
tains a direction to the Secretary of the Treasury
toauditahd settle the accounts ofMr. Marsh,late
Minister Resident of the United States to the Otto-
man Porte, for additional compensation and ex-
penses incurred by him in the performance of spe-
cial services not pertaining to his mission, and uta
point different from that to which he was accred-
ited, in compliance with instructions from the De-
partment of State, and for judicial services ren-
dered by him under the act of August 11, 1848,
entitled "An act to carry into effect certain provis-
ions in the treaties between the United States and
China and the Ottoman Porte, giving certain judi-
cial powers to the ministers and consuls of the
United States in those countries." In settling
these accounts, the sum of $9,000 is to be allowed
as compensation for special services in the mis-
sion to Greece, and in ascertaining the amount of
these expenses the certificate of the party is to be
regarded as sufficient, where no regular voucher
can be produced; and a further allowance, at the
rate of gl,000 per annum, is to be made to Mr.
Marsh for his judicial services during the period
of his mission to the Ottoman Porte.
On the 29tli of May, 1849, Mr. Marsh was ap-
pointed Minister Resident to the Ottoman Porte,
and having entered upon the duties of his mission,
continued in charge of it until the 19th day of De-
cember, 1853, when ho had his final audience of
leave. By an act of Congress, approved on the
lltli of August, 1848, certain judicial duties were
imposed on the Commissioner oftheUnited States
to China, the Minister Resident of the United States
to the Ottoman Porte, and the American consuls
in both those countries; and by the eighteenth
section of the act it was provided that a compen-
sation of §1,000 per annum, in addition to his
salary, should be paid to the commissioner, in
consideration of the duties imposed upon him by
the act. Mr. Marsh's predecessor, Hon. Dab-
ney S. Carr, claimed the payment of this sum in
addition to his salary, but the Treasury Depart-
p mentrefused to alio wit, on the ground, that though
i judicial duties were imposed by the act upon both
' the Commissioner to China and the Minister to
Turkey, yet the compensation was intended to be
given to the commissioner alone. Upon his return
to the United States, Mr. Carr presented his me-
morial to Congress praying for the payment of vari-
ous sums of money claimed by him and disallowed
by the accounting officers; and, at the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Second Congress, by an amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
$1,000 per year, in addition to the salary, together
with other moneys, was allowed to Mr. Carr for
the performance of the judicial services from the
date of the passage of the act to his final departure
from Constantinople. It is conceived that this
allowance by Congress is a legislative construc-
tion of the true intent and meaning of the act of
1S48.
By special instructions, under date of April 29,
1852, the Department of State ordered Mr. Marsh
to proceed to Athens, in Greece, on board a ires*
| sel of the Mediterranean squadron, to investigate
certain complaints preferred by Dr. Jonas King,
ail American citizen, resident in Greece, against
the Government and the judicial tribunals of that
country, report thereon, and, "after transmitting
his report, to remain at Athens, og,in its neigh-
borhood, till he heard from the Department. Ill
pursuance of these instructions, he embarked for
Athens, as soon as a ship was ready to receive
him, and arrived at that city on the 31st day of
July, 1852. He immediately engaged in the in-
tricate and laborious investigations committed to
him; and having completed his reports in the
month of October following, he transmitted them
to the State Department; and, in compliance with
his instructions, awaited the further orders of the
Department.
Upon the 5th of February, 1853, the President
of the United States, through the State Depart-
