1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Ready.
tion. Nor would it invalidate the election of an
individual delegate, unless the legal votes he re-
ceived were not greater than the number of legal
votes received by his opponent. Even then, if
he were permitted to take and hold his seat, it
would be too late to raise objections after the
labois of the convention were finished, and the
constitution would not thereby be " spotted with
corruption." Moreover, it would not be for those
to invalidate an election on the charge of fraud
who refused to vote, and, as far as they could,
prevented others from voting, and did all in their
power to prevent an election. We are not to be
misled by the cry o{"stop thief!"
Was there any fraud in the action of the con-
vention after it assembled ? Were there any del-
egates fairly elected and excluded from then-seats?
Did any of the delegates violate pledges, and de-
ceive their constituents? Was any article, or sec-
tion, surreptitiously inserted in the constitution?
1 have not heard of any of these things. And if
the constitution was soiled with fraud and cor-
ruption, where is the proof?
A fourth objection is, the constitution was not
submitted to the people for their vote of approval
or disapproval. I answer, it was not necessary
to submit the entire instrument. There is no
principle in the theory of our Government, no
constitutional or municipal law, no established,
positive, and recognized rule, and there was no
mandate to the convention from the sovcreio-n
people which was imperative upon them to sub-
mit any portion of it for adoption or rejection by
their votes, ft was not contemplated by the Le- j
gislature by which the law for holding a conven- j
tion was passed over the Governor's veto. It
could not have been contemplated by the people j
when they elected delegates to the convention, or ;
they would have then made an expression of j
their wishes. There had not been a uniform rule j
of practice established by the action of other !
States. About as many had come in under con- !
stitutions not submitted to the approval of the j
people as under those submitted. Severalof the J
States had held conventions and revised their con- '
stituuoris, which they did not submit to the pop- !
ular vote. In other cases, when they were sub-
mitted, the returns of the votes showed a large i
portion of the people did not take interest enough 1
tovote,and they wereadoptcd by minority votes. !
Even the Constitution of the United States was j
not submitted to a popular vote, but was ratified J
by a convention of the States respectively. Jud;re
Douglas (I quote him because he is one of the i
prominent leaders of the anti-Lecomptomtes) did
not think, in 1855, it was necessary to submitthe
constitution to the people for ratification. He
reported to the Senate, and voted for, the Toombs
bill, which contains no such provision.
The people of Kansas evidently acted oil the
universally recognized rule of representative gov-
ernments, that, in all cases in which the people
act through their representatives, their entire
sovereign power over the subjects in reference to
which the representatives are chosen to act, is
vested in them. It is, however, conceded, if there
be a reservation at the time the power is con-
ferred, that will limit it. But in this case, there
being no limitation, it was purely a matter of dis-
cretion on the part of the representatives, whether
their action should be final and binding, or first
be submitted to the approval of their constituents;
and it must be as valid in one case as the other.
Mr. Chairman, what is the real controversy in
Kansas ? I mean the thing in which a principle
is involved—a tangible substance, as contradis-
tinguished from a mere chimera, conjured up by
passion and prejudice, or from the vain imagin-
ing of ambitious demagogues. It is the naked
question of slavery, and that alone. No one can
doubt it who has been even a casual observer of
IIo. of Reps.
events in that Territory and in this House since
the Kansas territorial bill was first introduced in
.1854, and in the States which have supplied the
fuel and fanned the fires of fanaticism in and out
of the Territory. "Free Kansas; no more slave
territory; no more slave Stateshas been embla-
zoned on the Republican banners everywhere:
and I may add, I have seen similar inscriptions
on Democratic banners, posters, and newspapers
in some of the northern States. Whether those
who rallied under them deceived themselves, or
New Series—No. ] 5.
were deceived by others; or whether there have
been such gyrations and changing of front that
some of those northern Democrats have found
themselves unable to follow in the giddy whirl of
the waltz, I shall not undertake to decide; but
truth and justice require that I should say, I
know southern men have been consistent on this
subject.
But to the point: Slavery, slave oligarchy, slave-
ocracy, slave-drivers, northern dough-faces, the rights
of man, all men were born free and equal, the rights
of the white man, universal freedom, slave against
free labor, the degradation of white labor, free States
against slave States, Kansas was consecrated to free-
dom, bleeding Kansas, &c., have been the burden
of most of the Free-Soil speeches during this dis-
cussion. A member from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
wortii,] the member from the Western Reserve
in Ohio, another from Ohio, [Mr. Binoham,] and
a memherfrom Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] and two,
I think, from Michigan, avowed some days since,
they would not vote to admit another slave State,
even if a majority of the people thereof had ap-
proved a pro-slavery constitution. How many
others have avowed or entertain the same senti-
ments I will not undertake to say. It is enough
for my purpose that the facts referred to establish
my proposition, that slavery or no slavery is now
the only real issue in regard to Kansas.
Well, sir, the Lecompton convention, in the
exercise of its discretion, submitted the slavery
clause of the constitution to the popular vote, on
the 2lst of December last. The prerequisite of
a registry was dispensed with, ,md " crcn/ white
male inhabitant of the Terrilonj," without regard
j: to the length of time he had been there, hatf the
i: right to vote. If the free-State men were in the
mnjonty, here was an opportunity for them to
j. secure a couutiiution without the slavery clause;
i| to silence the agitator, and put an end to all their
!| Strife. If they had voted down the slavery clause,
j; I undertake here to say, Kansas would this day
j1 l>« a sovereign State of'the Union; that she would
have been admitted without opposition from
j: southern men; and of course she would by north-
i ern men. But they still refused to vote. ' Out of
1 six thousand seven hundred and ninety-five votes
I: cast, only five hundred and sixty-nine were
Jj against the slavery clause, leaving a majority of
live thousand six hundred and fifty-seven in favor
of it. But it is said this election was fraudulent,
j! which furnishes an additional reason why the !
I! bill for admitting Kansas ought not to pass. How |
]! was it fraudulent? and what mht have the free- j
ji State men, who would not vote, to complain ? |
[j Itisalleeed the boaidofcommissioners,appointed I
j! by the Free-Soil Legislature elected in October,
ii 1S57, have investigated and found two thousand
|| seven hundred and twenty illegal votes, leaving
three thousand four hundred and twenty-three
legal votes for the slavery clause of the constitu-
tion to five hundred and sixty-nine against, giv-
ing a majority in favor, of two thousand eight
hundred and fifty-four votes. It is not pretended
there were fewer legal votes cast for than against.
If a few hundred or thousand illegal votes were
cast for the clause, it did not change the lesult.
1 he slavery clause was elected, according to all
rules of election, and had a right to the certifi-
cate.
In the mean time, acting Governor Stanton,
alarmed at what he supposed real dangers, con-
vened the Free-Soil Le<
Than why did they refuse to vote on the 31st
of December ? I will not say it was because they
believed they had not the necessary number to
carry the election, and saw defeat staring* them in
the face. I care not for that. There was another
cause to which I refer it. The Topeka constitu-
tion was the illegitimate but darling bantling of
the leaders of this party. With fair speech and
promise they had beguiled the people, and it had
been unlawfully conceived, in hostility to the na-
tional and to the legally organized territorial gov-
ernment. Its birth was attended by—I will not
say just here—treason and rebellion, but by their
close resemblance. Having been born under such
auspices, it was necessary at the baptismal font,
in order to inspire confidence in its future useful-
ness, that its sponsors should bind themselves by
doubly solemn vows. They staked their all upon
it. And they heard by presentiment, the death-
knell of all their hopes, in the Lecompton consti-
i tution. Governorships, secretaryships, seats in
the Senate and House of Congress, the keys of
the Treasury, judgeships, &c., they saw would
| vanish from their grasp as if by the influence of
magic, and they would be discredited as mounte-
banks and cheats. It was necessary that some-
thing should be done. A counterplot was laid.
They succeeded in getting a law passed to submit
the entire constitution to a vote of the people on
a different day from that designated by the con-
vention for taking the vote on the slavery clause.
They rightlv calculated that the friends of the
constitu tion having voted on the day appointed by
the highest political jurisdiction known to our
system of government, would not vote again on
j the day appointed by an inferior jurisdiction,
which, in fact, then had no power over the sub-
ject; and that, consequently, they would on that
day have everything in their own hands. By
such means they hoped to involve the subject in
multiplied intricacies; and, if they could not
thereby come in at once under the Topeka, they
might at least prevent Congress from recognizing
Lecompton, and get the subject referred back to
a new convention, when they might eventually
succeed in carrying their measures.
They hold their election on the 4th of January.
The friends of law and order did not vote, and
they profess to have voted down the Lecompton
constitution by a majority of ten thousand two
hundred and twenty-six votes. How many of
them were fraudulent, we have no certain means
of ascertaining. There has not been a commis-
sion to investigate the frauds, because it was un-
; necessary. But they held another election on the
9th of March, under an act of their Free-Soil Le-
j gislature, for the election of delegates to another
] constitutional convention; and I have learned,
from a respectable source, that in Leavenworth
I city the entire vote was only six hundred and fifty,
' (though they had a contest between two tickets,)
i against eleven hundred and ninety-six polled on
• the 4th of January; a difference of five hundred and
j forty-six in one town only. I have also seen a
; statement in a respectable journal, that the entire
j vote polled in the Territory at the last election is
: estimated at from eight to ten thousand, against a
; much larger vote on the 4th of January. These
j figures indicate a suspicion of fraud, which is
| strengthened by the facts that the Free-Soil party
has generally been beaten by their opponents;
that in two elections, when they knew their op-
lslature. There may have 1, ponents would measure strength with them, they
tt uartv to excite the fen
been a preconcert of that party to excite the fears
of the order-loving Governor, to produce this
veryresult, and secure an opportunity of carrying
out ulterior plans, which were in part developed
by the passage of a law submitting the entire con-
stitution to a vote of the people on the 4th of Jan-
uary.
It is obvious this move was the offspring of
something beyond any merely odious feature in
the constitution. They already had the oppor-
tunity of voting out the slavery clause on the 21st
of December, if they had the numerical strength;
and, although this discussion has been of unusual
length and range, I have not yet heard any other
clause designated as really offensive. Expunge
the slavery clause, and I am sure the most fastid-
ious Free-Soiler would be constrained to admit it
would compare favorably with the Topeka con
stitution.
refused to vote, although they knew, in each in-
stance, if they had the majority, they could, by
their fiat at the ballot-box. seal Kansas as a free
State, and silence forever the voice of opposition.
Nor is it unreasonable to suppose a party would
be incited to fiauds upon the ballot-box by lead-
ers who have set themselves up in open hostility
to the existing lawful government, the best on
earth, securing equal rights to all, and have mar-
shaled their cohorts to cany out their ambitious
designs by the sword and the bayonet. Such
facts raise a strong probability that a faithful in-
vestigating committee would make some startling
developments.
But suppose at the election cf the 4th of Janu-
ary, all the votes wore given by legal voters, and
that there is actually a majority in the Territory
I] against the Lecompton constitution; ought the
!, bill for the admission of Kansas under it to be
