2288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21.
Rogers was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for paying to Ann L. Rogers, as-
signee of John A. Rogers, $1,280 90, being in
full of the balance due to John A. Rogers, as late
examiner of land offices in Mississippi and Ala-
bama, under an appointment of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
'Mr. John A. Rogers, the husband of the peti-
tioner, was appointed, in August, 1841, to exam-
ine the land offices in the States of Mississippi and
Alabama, for which service he was to be allowed
a compensation of eight dollars per day while ,
engaged in the examination, and six dollars for i
every twenty miles' travel. In the settlement of
his accounts, after the completion of the service,
his'charges of perdiem for,seventy-one Sundays,
at eight dollars per day, $568, and eight days ex-
amining records at Mobile, $G4, amounting in all
to $632, were, amongst other items, disallowed at
the Treasury. Also, his mileage for two thou-
sand one hundred and sixty-three miles, which
was disallowed on the ground that the nearest
routes were not pursued, or that the travel was
peiformed between some points more than once.
This item amounts to $648 90.
The committee consider that he ought to have
been allowed pay for Sundays, whilst in the ser-
vice of the Government. He was to receive a
stipulated sum per diem whilst engaged in the |
work. There was no exemption or exception as j
to Sundays. His expenses were as great on Sun-
days as on any other day. It is very probable ■
that he traveled as well on Sundays as on other i
days. They made up a portion of the time that I
he was away from home and in a distant country f
amongst strangers. It is reasonable and just that |
he should be paid for them. In the per diem al- ]
lowances made under similar circumstances, Sun- 1
days have not been excluded-—as in the former :
pay of members of Congress, who always drew i
pay for Sundays as well as other days, and i
such has been the general practice of Govern-
ment.
The charge for examining certain recotds at
Mobile ought to have been allowed, as,this ser-
vice was performed by Colonel Rogers, and came
within the spirit of his instructions, and proved
beneficial to the Government.
In relation to the mileage,'it appears that a
longer distance was traveled over by him than the j
nearest routes between the ollices he visited, but ;
this was doubtless rendered necessary fiom the,
causes and circumstances stated by Colonel Ro- j
gers. At the time he was engaged in the sei vice, ;
the country was compaialuely new, the facilities j
foi tiuvehng bad, and at that season of the year, 1
during (lie rainy season, tin; water-courses were j
geneially swollen and impassable. This is often,
and, indeed, generally the ease, in the winter in !
that country; so much so, that travelers are fro- j
quently detained days, and in some cases weeks, j
by these unavoidable causes. The committee i
can very well undeistand and believe that the 1
routes taken by Colonel Rogers were necessary j
and proper, ami that if he had waited for the sub- !
sidmg of the streams, and cliaiged, as ho would i
have been entitled to, for the timc-of detention, it ,
would have cost more to the Government than i
the mileage charged. The chairman of the com- j
mittee has much knowledge of much of the coun- '
try traveled over by Colonel Rogers, and has had |
some very similar experience as that alleged by ,
lam in passing from point to point across the !
country. Under the circumstances, the commit- ,
tee have no doubt that Colonel Rogeis acted for !
the best, and that he could not avoid the neces- j
sity of passing over longer routes, in the faithful 1
disclmige of his duty, than the nearest distances
between the consecutive points of his visitations.
They, therefore, think that this item ought to be
allowed, and, with the other sums above stated,
make the aggregate of $1,280 90, for which a bill
is reported. The claim of Colonel Rogers has
been regularly assigned to his wife, now under-
stood to be his widow, and the committee there-
foie leported the bill in her favor.
The bill was report; d to the Senate, ordered to
be cngiossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
SMITH, PERKINS AND CO.
The bill (S. No. 106) for the relief of Elijah F.
Snutii, Oilman Ii. Perkins, and Charles F. Smith,
was read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill, as introduced, authorized the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to refund to Elijah F. Smith,
Gilman H. Perkins, and Charles F. Smith, of
Rochester, in the State of New York, the sunn
of $1,088 10, being: the amount of penalty paid
by them to the United States on one debenture
bond, executed by John B. Glover Sc. Co., dated
April 2, 1857.
The Committee on Finance reported it with an
amendment to strike out the words, " of Roch-
ester, in the State of New York, the sum of
$1,088 10, that being the amount of the pen-
alty paid by them to the United States on one de-
benture bond executed by John B. Glover & Co.,
dated April 9, 1857," and insert:
Composing the firm of Smith, Perkins &. Co , of Roch-
ester New York, the sum of $837, paid by them to the Uni-
ted States on one debenture bond, executed hy John B.
Glovct & Co., dated Apul2,18.V7, as penalty over find above
the leguiar duties on the meichandise theiem mentioned.
The amendment was agreed to. jj
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended, ij
and the amendment was concurred in. j'
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to suggest another ;;
amendment. One of the parties was killed on a j
railroad since the bill was introduced. I move to I
insert, after the names, the words, " or the sur- ■;
vivors of them." |j
The amendment was agreed to. |i
The bill wasoulered to be cngtossed for a third ;t
reading, read the thud time, and passed. [J
JOHN GRAYSON.
The joint resolution (S. No. 38) for the relief
of John Grayson, was read a second time, and U
considered as in Committee of the Whole. p
Under it, the accounting officers of theTreas- ']
ury, in adjusting the account of John Grayson, j1
pension aijent at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, are to - j
place to his credit the amount of $526 73, paid ;j
by him to Geoige DeCamp, one of the surviving .1
children and heirs of Susannah Stokely, deceased, ] j
widow of Nchemuh Stokely, a captain m the
revolutionary war; the same having been paid in ;
conformity with the directions of the Secretary of ,!
the Interior, as conveyed upon the face of a cor- ■
tificate of pension issued by the Commissioner of -
Pensions to George DeCamp. jj
Bv the act of 4'h July, 1836, the widow of a
soldier of the Revolution, under certain circum- ■
stances, was entitled to receive " the annuity or ;
pension which mi\ht have been allowed to the
husband," &c. On the 1 itli December, 1844, a j
certificate was issued by the War Depaitment, i
(then in chau'e of the subject,) ill favor of Suiyui-
nali Stoke] y,\\ alow of Cap tain Nehemiah Stokely, i
for a pi nsiiiii, from the 4th Mate,]), 1831, to 27th
August, the day of her death, ar the rate of
£Ub0 p«H' annum, payable to Joseph Stokely and
Polly Fmley, the only children of Captain Stokely,
for whose service the pension was gi anted. Upon
| this certificate (he two children received the sum ;
| of $-2,630 66, the whole amount allowed by law.
i In J854, Mr. DeCanip, a son of Airs. Stokely by
j a subsequent marriage, applied for his portion of
! the pension, as one of the legal hens of Mrs.
j Stokely, and in February, 1855, a certificate was
j issued by the Department of the Interior for the
sum of ^5% 13. This certificate was duly paid
i hy Mr Grayson, the duly authorized pension
I agent. On the presentation of his accounts, the
! voucher for this payment was disallowed by the ,
accounting officers, on the ground that the whole
i; amount allowed bylaw had been already paid by
I] competent authority, and Mr. Grayson was in- '
j! formed that he must apply to Congress for lehef.
'I Ttie committee think, as the pension agent paid
;! the money upon the regular warrant of the proper
Depaitment, v, Inch he had no authority to revise
.j or question, he is entitled to credit for it.
'j The bill was reported to the Senate without
i amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thud
j reading, read the thud time, and passed,
i! CALIFORNIA BATTALION CLAIMS,
j! The bill (S. No. 367) to piovide for the pay-
! ment of certain California claims, was read a sec-
'! ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
j! Whole.
ij It provides for the payment of $8,129 411, in
full settlement of claims favorably reported upon
by the board of Aimy ofEcers (appointed under
the sixth section of the act approved August 31,
1852) in their final report to Congress, dated April
19, 1855.
Mr. POLK. Is there a report in that case ?
" Mr. BRODERICK. There is a unanimous re-
port from the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MRS. ELIZA E. OGDEN.
The bill (S. No. 368) for the relief of Mrs. Eliza
E.Ogdenwas read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Mrs. Eliza E.
Ogden, widow of the late Major Edmund A.
Ogden, the sum of $1,396 19, being commissions
for disbursements made by Major Ogden out of
appropriations for the Mexican was.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear the report.
Mr. IVERSON. I can obviate the necessity
for the reading of the report by stating the facts.
This bill is in conformity to various bills which,
have passed both Houses of Congress, to give
commissions on money disbursed above his or-
dinary duties.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw the call for the read-
ing of the report. . •
The bill was ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading, lead the thud time, and passed.
CHRISTIAN INDIANS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 323) to confirm the sale of the reservation
held by the Christian Indians, and to provide a
permanent homo for said Indians.
Mr. PJGII. I think that can hardly be called
a pr.vate bill. It had better go over.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will allow
the bill to be considered.
Mr. POLK. I think it is a private bill.
Mr. PuGlrl. It relates to the Indian policy.
I think a bill of that sort ought not to be consid-
ered on the Private Calendar; but I will hear the
bill.
The Secretary lead it, as follows:
Wherea^, by the tiniteenth aitiele of a treaty made and
coneludcd at Wa .him;ton, on the uth day oi May, 1854, be-
tween t!u: Umt"d Strue  of Ameuea and the IMawaie In-
dians, a grant of tour sections of land was made to the
Cim-tian Indians, lor winch a patent was to be issued to
the haul Indians, '• subject to stn.li n:atricuons a-? Congress
niav pi ovule and wheiea-. a patent was so issued to them
on the 'JKt day ot May, I£51 ; and whereas, ltfullyappeals
b> the evKli-n.cc and p'ipeis on lite beioic the Committee on
lnd'un Allans, that the lour sections of land &ot apait hy
?ani treat) weie, on ihexWtn day ofMay, 1857, sold and con-
vened li) said ClnMi-ut Indian-* to one A. J I-aaeksloi the
eotiMdciaiion of A4.MU0. winrh sum \va« <i lair con&jdeia-
! tion tor ^ud l.inds : 'i'heietore,
; He it en at fed hy the tisnute and House of Representatives
o/ the Untied Stoics of Jhneru a in Con%rcis a'-ceuthled, That
upon the pa\ tnent ol the -aid sum ol 1U0, by the said
A. .). i-auek^ to the Seoeia'y of the limrmr, for the use
and benefit of saw' Chu-tian Indians within ninety days
f.om ?h,% pasture ol tin- an, u ,-h.Jl then be (he dut> of the
i'levident 01 the I'nited Stai.^ to eonmm -aid ^ale
Six:. slnd he it furth.r enacted. That the Secretary of
the intenoi he, and he neieny n, authosizcd and lequired
to i I'ccive the ptoeeed? oi the .-ale of the -aid loui sections
ot land, and apply tie; same jujoIIow-.: that is to &.iy, so
mtjeh ilieieof a-i may he nece- ^aiy to the pin chase of a suit-
able tiaetol land foi a permanent hoin" 101 the Clni-ium
Indians, the erection of the neeessaiy buildings foi their
accommodation, and the pmeha-.e of stock, a^ncuitmal
implements and whatevei ehe may be neco-,aiy to estah-
li-h tin in thcieo'i; the balance of the said land to be in-
vented bv the Beciet.irv of the Interior* m safe and piofitable
stock.-, the nuetesst wheieof shall be applied to the support
ol a scnool among the said Christian Indians.
f^'O. 'A. Ant* ho it further enacted, That whenever the
Cim-tian Indian-: dome it, the nact pincha-ed undei the
piovMO'in of the preceding section shall be divided anion®
tliem, und"i the direction of the Pic&idcixtol the United
States, to be held in &eveialty and with ali the lights inci-
dent to a fee simple estate : PiOi'uled, That the said ttneN,
when ^o divided, siiaii be torever inalienable by the giantees
or their heirs-, e.vent with the content and uppiovai ol the
i'ie udent of the Minted States
Mr. KING. Is there a report?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no re-
port accompanying the bill.
Mr. KING. Then it had better £0 over.
Mr. SEBASTIAN afterwards said: I was not
in, a few minutes since, when the Senate bill No.
323 was called, and its consideration objected to
by the Senator from New York. He is now
willing to withdraw his objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 323) to confirm the sale of the reser-
vation held by the Christian Indians, and to pro-
vide a permanent home for said Indians.
