1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sit
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am infinitely obliged to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania for the sugges-
tion, and I agree with him on that point. 1 do
not now propose to discuss the facts involved in
this matter, but to indicate points of view in which
it may be important. Another greatquestion must
suggest itself to the mind of every gentleman.
We have for years had a struggle going oil with
Great Britain as to the dominion or control of
these Central American States, and have often
complained of the acts of her officials there: but
if we justify this act of Commodore Paulding,
may not Great Britain interfere as she pleases in
imitation of this precedent' If wo can thus in-
terfere, may not Great Britain do the same ? And
shall we then have any right to complain ? This
proceeding may, too, be a violation of the Bul-
wer-Clayton treaty ? In this point of view I hold
that the Government is bound to disavow this act,
or Great Britain may do whatever she thinks
proper hereafter.
But again, sir: are we to leave to our naval offi-
cers the discretion to do acts of this sort> It may j
turn out that, in this particular instance, it will
give rise to no difficulty; but if our naval officers
are to bo allowed to go into foreign countries to
make seizures, the result will be that Congress
will be stripped of the war-making power. Even
the President could not have authorized it; and
shall we leave the power to subordinate officers?
It seems to me that this is a question of sufficient
importance to justify its investigation, 110 matter
what gentlemen may think of Walker. They
will recollect, doubtless, that when Commodore
Porter undertook to seize some pirates, on a for-
eign territory, he was disgraced for the act. They
■will remember, too, the excitement produced when
certain British subjects seized the steamer Car-
oline. Wo were nearly involved in a war with
Great Britain because that steamer, at the time of
ttie seizure, was on the A merican side of the Niag-
ara river. I mention these things in order that
gentlemen may see the importance of maintaining
our claim to the war-making power, and prevent-
ing subordinate officers from involving us in dif-
ficulty.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether the fact stated by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ritchie] is admitted
by him—that General Walker, when last in Nic-
aragua, was a criminal and a fugitive from jus-
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make 110 admission on
that point. But even if that be true, the matter
ought to be inquired into none the less. Whether
General Walker be mei itorious, or the reverse,
does not affect the view I take 01" the question.
Mr. RITCHIE. 1 do not intend to make any
charge, as the facts are not before the House.
My "position is taken on the supposition that
Walker did violate the neutrality laws nf the
country, and made himself liable to punishment.
I wish to have it understood that I make no charge
against anybody until we have the facts before us
officially.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and myself understand each other. My
object is to get at the facts.
Mr. WAUREN. I rise to a question of order.
I object to the discussion of the merits of Nicara-
guan affairs upon a resolution calling upon the
President for information. I am prepared to vote
for the resolution, but I am not prepaied to com-
mit myself generally upon this question, and I !
apprehend that no other gentleman 011 this floor !
is prepared to commit himself until we are prop- !
eriy advised of the facts. It seems to me that the j
investigation of Walker's conduct in Nicaragua, j
or of tlie conduct of the Administration, cannot. ,
properly be entered into on a resolution of this \
character. h
Mr. CLINGMAN. I merely desire to add to j,
the remarks I have already made, that I have 110 !|
doubt the House will get the information called
for in my resolution very promptly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Arkan-
sas rose to a question of order.
Mr. WARREN. If the gentleman from North
Carolina has concluded his remarks, I merely
desire to move the previous question. We can
debate this question more sensibly when we have
all the facts before us.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that a
gentleman cannot rise to a question of order and
then move the previous question.
Mr. WARREN. Well, sir, I will not insist
on it. I merely suggest that, in my opinion, that
is the proper course for the House to pursue.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I agree, sir, with
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
man.] that it is right we should have all the in-
formation in the possession of the President
touching the recent capture and return to this
country of Mr. William Walker. I also think it
would be right and proper for the President, in
giving that information, at the same time to in-
form the House and country ■
Mr. WARREN. I now rise to the question
of order which I made before, and shall press it
upon the gentleman from Tennessee. I hold that
debate in relation to the conduct of Walker and
the Administration is illegitimate and improper
upon the resolution before the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Speaker that 1 am not discussing that at ail; but
am speaking as to the character of the inform-
ation that is wanted.
The SPEAKER. The Cjiair is of opinion that
it is entirely competent for the gentleman to give
his views as to the reasons why the information
should or should not be furnished.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to another question
of order. I wish to inquire of the Chair whether
this matter has been referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly not.
Mr. STANTON. Then I wish to know upon
what authority have they made a report on a
question not referred to them ? I call for the read-
ing of the 94tii rule, which prescribes what shall
be the duties of that committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit that it is too late
to raise the question of order. The House has
suspended tlie rules to admit the resolution, and
it is now regularly before the House.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the question of order comes too late, inasmuch as
the Hous'-' has suspended the ruies and admitted
the resolution, if the question had been raised
before the rules had been suspended, the Chair
is inclined to the opinion that the point of order
would have been well taken.
Mr. STANTON. I hardly see how the sus-
pension of ihe rules can affect it. That is merely
a matter of priority of business. It would not
make the resolution in order.
The SPEAKER. The House has suspended j
its rules to admitthe resolution, and ordered that j
it shall bp considered immediately.
Mr. STANTON. Very well. All I care for
is to have. it. unueislood that I do not waive the
point whenever it is proper to make it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I wish to know whether this reso-
lution, which calls for information, can be enter-
tained and considcied at tins tune, except by
unanimous consent? The 60th rule provides:
" A pioposition requesting information from tlie Piesident
of the United oi dti'VMiij it to tie I'iirni.-.liod by the
head of either of the Executive Departments, or bv the
Postmaster Cfnoiul, or to punt an evtra number of any
document oi orhet matter, eveepan? message-* of tile Pi ev-
ident to both Houses at the commencement" of each j-evion
of Codl'h^^. and tlie ,imi doeuine.it-: connected with
or referied to m it, shall lie on tlie tub!^ one day tor eunsid-
eiation. unless otheiwise oidered by the unanimous con-
sent of the House."
I submit, therefore, that the resolution must lie
over for one day, unless by the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
The SPEAKER. The House has, by a vote
of 317 to7, suspended ks rules, that it might con-
sider the lesolutioti immediately.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In addition to the
information called for by the resolution of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, I think it is tight
and proper that wo should have all the informa-
tion m the possession of the President, touching
the fitting out of an expedition in tins country by
a foreigner who had expatriated himself, to go to i
a country the Government of which was at peace :
with this Government. I desire, therefore, that
the resolution shall be so amended that the Pres-
ident of the United States be lequcsted to com-
municate to this House ail the information in his
possession, touching and relating to the outfit of
an expedition by William Walker in the United
States, and its leaving our country to go to Nic-
aragua, in which country he was captured and sent
back to the United States.
Mr. FAULKNER. If the gentleman will allow
me, I have drawn up an additional resolution,
which will meet the suggestion he has made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will hear it read,-
and will merely remark that, under the resolution
reported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
the President may communicate the information
desired; but he may not do so, and still comply
with the requirements of the resolution. *
Mr. Faulkner's amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Presidentof the United States be, and
he is hereby, requested to communicate to this House (ifr^
in his opinion, not incompatible with the public interest)
the facts and information which rendered it probable that
William Walker was engaged, during the pastsummer and
fall, m preparing, within the limits of the United States, iu
violation of an act of Congress of the 29th of April, 1818,
the means for a mihtaiy enterprise against the people ana
terntoty of Nicaragua; ako, copies of all instructions,
orders, and letters, addressed by and to the vauous officers
of the Government in relation thereto: together with such
other measures as may have been adopted by the Govern-
ment to arrest such unlawful enteipu>e,and to execute m
good faith the neutrality laws, embracing the instructions,
if any, under the authority of which Captain Paulding de-
manded and enforced, within tiie terutoriai limits of Nic-
aragua, the suirendei of Walker and Ins command; together
with any letters, order*, and instructions, since the surren-
dei of Walker, showing how far, and to what extent, the
use of our naval foice. for this purpose, by Captain Pauld-
ing, has been approved or disavowed by the Government of
the United States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that reso-
lution will meet my object, and 1 therefore offer
it as an additional resolution, and demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee to withdraw the demand
for the previous question for a moment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will, if the gen-
tleman wishes to make any suggestions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Do 1 understand that to
be offered as an additional resolution ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then 1 have no objection
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is one view
in which I think that this is of much more im-
portance than would really seem to be intended
by the resolution as it is at present couched.
There is the position of Walker to be contem-
plated in connection with the information which
is sought to be derived from the Execuiive. The
question of what may have been his status at tho
time he took his departure from*this country, in
respect to the laws of this country, is quite as
important as any other question that arises in the
matter—whether his position was that of a cit-
izen of the United States, or a citizen of another
Government? I hope, therefore, that when this
inquiry is made, it will be made with reference to
the whole circle of facts and circumstances which
in any degree can be made to bear upon this great
and important question.
Whatever may have been the position of Mr.
Walker in this Union, regarding any attempt, or
conspiracy, or confederation, on his part, in con-
nection with his friends, to violate the neutrality
laws, it is very materia), in that connection, to
ask what was his position at the time he left these
shores in regard to the laws of this country? It
is important to ascertain, when we are inquiring
in reference to the acts of the individual, under
what atmosphere,legal or otherwise, he was act-
ing, and by what authority he assumed to act. If
his authority was an assumption against the laws
of the United States, certainly that fact will, in
regard to his own individual acts, clear the posi-
tion that he occupies in regard to the Government
against which lie erred himself.
X therefore ask that this resolution may be so
modified as to inquire what was his relation m
rosnect to the laws of this country, either by
overt acts, by indictment, by warrant, or other-
wise. , ,
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Speaker, my object is
to demand the previous question; and, m justifi-
cation of my course, I will say that I desire to
be heard upon this subject at the proper time;
but I do not think this debate ought to occur now;
for ill justice to ourselves and the interests in-
volved, we ought to know accurately the facts of
the case and the position of our Government.
In my opinion, this question connects itself
with great and vital interests, as well as the peace
