THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, MAY 24, 1858.
New Series,...No. 144.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SANTIAGO E. ARGUELLO.
The bill (S. No. 370) for the relief of Guada-
lupe Estudiilo de Arguello, widow of Santiago E.
Arguello, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Guadalupe Es-
tudiilo de Aiguello, widow of Santiago E. Arg-
uello, iate a captain in the California battalion, of
$14,888, for losses of property sustained by him
during the period of such service, and in conse-
quence thereof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That bill had better go
over.
Mr. POLK. I hope the Senator will allow the
report to be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to understand it.
Mr. MALLORY. I can state the substance of
the case in a minute. Mr. Arguello was a native
of California. When the war broke out, he took
sides with the Americans. He fought very,hand-
somely indeed, and distinguished himself. He
was mentioned by Commodore Stockton very fa-
vorably. In consequence of what he did, the
Mexican troops destroyed all his property, and
he became a bankrupt, whereas formerly he had
been a man of very.large estate. The commission
in California, sent there to examine claims for
property taken for military purposes, did not
think themselves authorized to recommend this
claim as coming within their jurisdiction, but
spoke of it very highly, as entitled to the consid-
eration of Congress. That is the substance of it.
He fought very bravely in every battle in Califor-
nia, in which Commodore Stockton was engaged.
Mr. POLK. I ask the Senator to state what
is the condition of the family of the deceased?
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Arguello is dead, and
he has left a large family of children. There is
an agent appointed here, who, 1 am told, will get
this money to the widow with as little cost as
possible. '
Mr. FESSENDEN. Were the Committee on
Claims unanimous?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. PCJGH. I ask why this bill estimates
higher than the bill which was passed by the Sen-
ate at the last Congiess ? What new light has
the Committee on Claims now? I understand
they considered the valuation high then.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a difference be-
tween the two bills, but it is a very slight differ-
ence. The report will state that. I think it is in
consequence of the long delay which has elapsed.
The value of the cattle and other property was
fixed at the sum named in the bill by a commis-
sion in California; but in the former bill one thou-
sand or fifteen hundred dollars was deducted from
the amount. In consequence of the long time that
haselapsed thecommittee take the testimony given
in California as to the value of propei ty.
Mr. TRXJMBOLL. I should like to inquire how
this bill differs from that of every other case where
a true patriot has had his property destroyed by
the enemy in war. Are we to pay for the prop-
erty of private citizens destroyed by the enemy
as a general principle ?
Mr. IVERSON. Does the Senator object to
the bill? *
Mr. MALLORY. It cannot be argued now.
If objection be made it must go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this is to be distin-
guished from other cases of that class, I should
like to know it. I do not wish to object,
Mr. IVERSON. If this bill is to be debated
it must go over under the rule.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senator from Illinois
objects to this claim, it must go over, and there
is no possibility of passing it at this Congress.
The committee were unanimous.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it unless some
distinction can be shown between this and an or-
dinary case.
144
Mr. POLK. The Senator says he objects un- 1
less some distinction can be shown between this
and an ordinary case. This man was a citizen of
Mexico at the time California was invaded by
General Kearny, and had belonged to what was
considered the liberal party prior to that time, and
he immediately espoused the American cause and
aided General Kearny in his advance on the coun-
try. For that very reason he was the special ob-
ject of attack by the Mexican authorities.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to the bill.
The bill was passed over.
ANTHONY W. BAYARD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 371) for the relief of Anthony W. Bayard.
Mr. CLAY. I object to the consideration of
that bill at this time.
The bill was passed over.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 373) declaratory of the acts for carrying into
effect the ninth article of the treaty of 1810, be-
tween the United States and Spain.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 object to the consideration
of that bill.
The bill was passed over.
GEORGE J. KNIGHT.
The bill (S. No. 374) for the relief of George
J. Knight, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of (he Whole.
It provides for the payment to George J. Knight
of the sum of $1,500, winch, with the sum al-
ready paid him, is the lowest amount estimated
as the value of a schooner called the Experiment,
owned by him, which was impressed into the
service of the United States during the late war
with Great Britain, and was captured and de-
stroyed while in the service.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MADISON SWEETZER.
The bill (S. No. 377) for the relief of Madison
Sweetzerwas read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to secure to Madison Sweetzer the
payment of $1,100 97, the balance of his account
against the See-see-ton and Wah-pay-toan bands
of Sioux Indians, of Minnesota, for necessary sup-
plies heretofore furnished, examined, and veri-
fied by Governor W. A. Gorman, superintendent,
and Agent R. W. Murphy, as commissioners,
and the sum is to be deducted from the annuities
payable to those Indians for the year commen-
cing on the 1st of July, 1858.
The biil was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSE DE LA MAYA ARREDONDO. I
Mr. MALLORY. A bill was passed over yes- j
terday in consequence of my being out of my seat 1
for a moment. There is no objection to it, I be- :
lieve. It is Senate bill No. 126. j
Mr. KING. I hone the Senator will allow the j
bills on the Calendar to be gone through with. i
Mr. MALLORY. This was taken up yester- |
day, and there is no objection to it. I happened j
to be out of my seat at the moment, or it would |
have been passed. It is simply to confirm a land !
title. I have an amendment to offer. 1 move to j
take up the bill. i
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. ;
No. 126) for the relief of the hciis and legal rep- 1
resentatives of Jose de la Maya Arredondo was -
read the second time. ;
Mr. YULEE. I shall desire to examine the '
amendment which I understand is to be offered. ;
Mr. MALLORY. I offer an amendment,and i
my colleague can see from the reading what it is. :
It is, m line sixteen, after the word " representa- ;
tive" to insert, " of B. Chaircs to Gad Humphries j
and Pierce Mnanda." i
Mr. YULEG. I would rather that the bill j
should go over. n
The bill was passed over. ii
STATE OF MAINE.
The bill (S. No. 380) to provide for the pay-
ment of the claims of the State of Maine for
expenses incurred by that State in organizing^,
regiment of volunteers for the Mexican war was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear the report,
or some statement from the Senator from Maine,
explanatory of this bill. I doubt whether it is a
private bill, in the first place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has been decided.
I suppose 1 can state the case in a few words. At
the time of the raising of troops for the Mexican
war, the State of Maine was called upon by the
General Government to have a regiment in read-
iness for that purpose, ft went immediately about
it, organized the regiment, incurred the expense,
but the regiment's services were not called for.
This is simply to pay the expense of organizing
the regiment.
Mr. CLAY. In pursuance of call?
Mr. FESSENDEN. In pursuance of a call
from the President.
Mr. CLAY. The patriotism of Maine is com-
mendable, and I will pay it with pleasure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am glad there is some-
thing satisfactory to the Senator.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MAJOR H. L. KENDRICK.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 272) for
the relief of Brevet Major IJ. L. Kendrick.
It is a direction to the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to credit and allow Brevet Major
H. L. Kendrick, of the second artillery, the
sufti of $1,294 66 in the settlement of his account
for the sales made by him, by order of General
Worth, of certain ordnance property belonging
to the United States, at Puebla, in Mexico, in
June, 1848; that £um being so much of the pro-
ceeds of the sale as were stolen from him at Ja-
lapa, while transporting the same to Vera Cruz.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN RICHMOND.
The bill (H. R. No. 235) to increase the pen-
sion of John Richmond was considered asinCom-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to increase the two-thirds pension
heretofore allowed to John Richmond, of Mas-
sachusetts, a private in the war of 1812, to a full
pension, commencing January 1, 1855, and con-
tinuing during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordeicd to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
REGIS LOISEL.
The bill (H. R. No. 214) for the relief of Re^is
Loisel or his legal repiesentatives, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm the title of Rogis Loisel
or his legal representatives, to a tract of land
ceded by Don Carlos Dehault Delassus, Spanish
Governor of Upper Louisiana, on the 25th of
March, 1800, to Regis Loisel, situate in what was
then known as Upper Louisiana, on the Missouri
river, including Cedar island, as the same was
surveyed on the 20th of November, 1805, by An-
tonio Soulard, surveyor general for the Territory
of Louisiana, according to the plat now on file in
the archives of the Missouri district.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PIERRE GAGNON.
The bill (H. K. No. 250) for the relief of Pierre
Gagnon, of Natchitoches, Louisiana, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It, will allow Pierre Gagnon to enter and pay for
his preemption claim to the northeast and south-
east fractional quarters of section seven, in town-
