1858,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Goock.
Ho. of Reps.
of Congress to remit that instrument to the source
from whence it came, in order that the people may
so frame their own constitution, and communicate
it to Congress with such verification, that there
shall be no embarrassment on that question; and
until that has been done, no State can rightfully
claim admission into the Union. In the decision
of this question there are but two parties; one is
the State asking admission; the other the Con-
gress of the United States, with full power to ac-
ceptor reject the application, as justice and equity
may require.
Now, sir, we have presented to us, through the
President of the United States, the Lecompton
constitution, claiming to be the embodied will of
the people of Kansas asking admission into the
Union under it. But along with this instrument,
throughdifferentchannels, come protests from the
people of Kansas, alleging that it has not the sanc-
tion, and was not made by the people of Kansas,
nor for the people of Kansas, by any duly author-
ized agent. And we are now called upon to de-
cide whether or not this instrument is the consti-
tution of the people of Kansas. This would seem
to be a simple question of fact, and one easily as-
certained and verified. And I think, if we could
lay aside everything of party and sectional pre-
judice, and bring ourselves to a fairand impartial
consideration of this question, a very little time
and a very little investigation would enable us to
decide it to our own satisfaction, and to the satis-
faction of all fair-minded men.
I propose in the first place to inquire, for a mo-
ment, whether this constitution is, in fact, the will
of the people of Kansas. This instrument was
not submitted, and was not intended, by the con-
vention that framed it, to be submitted to a vote
of the people. And yet the President tells us in
his late message that he took it for granted that
the whole constitution would be submitted, and
that that was the correct principle. It is the cor-
rect principle; the people have a right toexamine
the instrument which their agents have made for
them, under which all their important institutions
are to be formed, and under which they and their
descendants are to live, perhaps for many genera-
tions, and to see lfany thing lias been omitted which
they wish inserted,'or anything inserted which
they wish omitted, and then decide whether, on
the whole, they piefer to accept or reject it. This
right is not, and cannot be limited to the acceptance
or rejection of a single article m the constitution,
however important that may be. And ltdocs not
belong to the President, nor to Congress, nor to
any convention, to decide that there is oris to be
only one important article in, or one important
question decided by a constitution; nor which is
the most important article in our question decided
by a constitution. In a constitution everything
is supposed to be important, or would not be
there. In the same message to which 1 have
already referred, the President tells us that the
will of the people of Kansas on the question of
slavery could only be authentically ascertained
by a direct vote of the people. Now, sir, I want
the will of the people on this whole instrument
authentically ascertained. And i would ask the
President if there is one method for authentically
ascertaining the will of the people on f':e question
of slaveiy,and another authentically ascertaining
the will of the people on all other questions? i
know of but one way of authentically ascertaining
the will of the people on any question, and that
is by giving them a full and fair opportunity to
express it at the ballot-box. And I ask, and
every member on this floor has a right to ask,
that'this instrument shall come to us, bringing
along with it full evidence that it is the will of
the people of Kansas duly authenticated, accord-
ing to correct principles, before we admit her into
the Union under it. But we learn from the recent
message of the President why tins whole constitu-
tion was not submitted to a vote of the people.
Tie says:
" Had the whole constitution been submitted to the peo-
ple, the adherents of this organization [the Topeka con-
stitution] would have voted against it."
Ah! yes, and there were too many of them,
and therefore the submission must be of only one
article of the constitution, and that m such man-
ner and form that the " adherents "would not vote
at all, or if they should, it would not avail any-
thing, as the character of the instrument would
still be the same—it would still recognize and pro-
vide for the existence of slavery^in the State of
Kansas.
Now, sir, the President has undoubtedly as-
signed the reason, and the sole reason, why the
Lecompton convention did not submit the whole
constitution to a vote of the people. The conven-
tion knew before, as well the President did after
the vote, that the people would vote it down, and
therefore they would not submit it. But I should
hardly have supposed that the President would
have communicated this to us as a reason why
we should admit Kansas into the Union under
this constitution, unless he wishes us, by adopt-
ing the fraud and treachery of the Lecompton
convention, to place the Congress of the United
States on a level with it. We have been favored
with very full communications from the Presi-
dent, relating to this constitution, covering the
whole time, from the day of its inception until the
time he transmitted it to Congress. And yet there
is one important fact he has failed to communi-
cate. He did not remember, or rather he " re-
membered to forget" to communicate to us, that
this constitution"had been submitted to a direct
vote of the people of Kansas on the 4th day of
January last, almost a month before the date of his
message, in compliance with the law of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, and rejected by a majority of
more than ten thousand of the legal voters of that
Territory; a fact certainly well worth knowing
in deciding this question, whether the vote was an
authoritative one or only an expression of the
estimation in which this instrument is held by the
people of Kansas.
Mr. HUGHES. I would like to know the
opinion of the gentleman from Massachusetts as
to the power of the people of Kansas to amend
their constitution prior to 18G4, under the Le-
compton constitution?
Mr, GOOCH. I will answer the gentleman be-
fore I get through, and if he will listen I will be
bound that he shall be answered.
1 will refer to one or two other facts to show
that this instrument is not considered to be the
will of the people of Kansas, even by those who
ask us to aamit her into the Union under it. I
listened to the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Phillips,] when lie addressed the
committee, a few days since, on this question.
And I saw that his remarks attracted the atten-
tion, and seemed to meet the approbation of the
other side of the House. He used this language,
(I quote from his speech, as reported in the
Globe:)
"Suppose this is a bad constitution. Suppose that it
admit® slavery theie. and that the people do not want it
ihero. f do not believe that slavery can exiht theie; 1
have not a<i idea that it ean ; and a* it cannot exist there
a: ait T should lulher^ee it out of the euiiMitu-
tion. j do not objeet to th<- existence of slavery in a State
where the people desire it."
I quote tliis because it shows conclusively that
those who ask us to admit Kansas into the uTnion
under this constitution do not believe it to be the
will of the people, nor suited to their condition.
The gentleman says he does not believe that
slavery can exist there—he had rather see it out
of the constitution—and yet he docs not object to
the existence of slavery in aStatewheie the peo-
ple desire it, which means just this—the people
of Kansas do not desire slavery, and therefore
I had rather sec it out of their constitution.
Now, sir, I am m favor of gratifying the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, and all of his friends, (
j and giving to the people of Kansas an opportu- j
' nity of taking slavery out of their constitution, j
and making it satisfactory to themselves. It any- j
thing more were necessary to fully establish this ,
point, the fact that neither the President nor any i
other man who has advocated the admission of :
Kansas under this constitution has ever asserted I
that he did believe this constitution to he hi JUct [
the will of the people, would be sufficient. But1
we find, on the other hand, when we look into j
the communications of the President, and thodis- 1
cussions at this and the other end of the Capitol, j
that all the advocates for admission under the Lc- j
compton constitution tell us that this is not a j
question of fact, but a question of law; involving j
the careful construction of organic acts and tec-
torial statutes, the application of many legal prin-!
ciples and nice distinctions, and all the technical-
ities of the law; that the organic act conferred
certain powers on the Territorial Legislature, and
that the Territorial Legislature conferred certain
powers on the Lecompton convention, and tHat
these powers have been exercised, and therefore
this is the constitution of the people of Kansas,
and they are "estopped" to deny it, on account
of their "Jactas," no matter whether it contains
their will or not; that cannot even be inquired
into. Now, sir, as I have before stated, there are
but two parties to this question—one, thepeople
of Kansas; the other, the Congress of the United
States. And if it is not too absurd to talk about
"estoppel" and "laches" in this connection, I
would say that I supposed that estoppels could
be pleaded, and laches taken advantage of only
by a party to the record. Who does it here?
Who puts in the plea, and claims the advantage?
The people of Kansas cannot do it. The Con-
gress of the United States certainly will not do it.
Congress does not want to exclude the truth, and
decide this question without full knowledge of the
facts. Now, if we are unwilling, or any of us are
unwilling, to investigate this question, it would
be much more manly, ay, statesmanlike, to say
we will not investigate because we will not, than
to attempt to introduce here all the odious pleas
of the courts of law, frowned upon even there,
because so often used to defeat justice.
But, sir, let us examine this question, and see
how it stands on the law as they present it. They
assert, and must maintain, that the organic act
conferred upon the Territorial Legislature full
power to require the people of Kansas to decide,
by a vote, whether they would have a convention
to frame a constitution for them, and to provide
for the choice of delegates, and meeting of the
convention, which convention would have full
power to annihilate the territorial government,
and create another in its place.
Now, if the organic act confers this important
power, where in the act is it to be fouod? I be-
lieve that it has been rather hard to locate. Some
havefounditinonesection,othersinanother. The
President found it, or rather inserted it himself,
in a clause of the thirty-second section of the or-
ganic act, and quotes it in his late message, as
follows: " Meaning," &c., " to leave the people
of the Territory perfectly free" in framing their
constitution, " to form and regulate their own
institutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States." The words
" in framing their constitution" are not in the act,
but are interpolated by the President, in order
that he may make the clause mean what it does
not mean as it stands in the law, and thus enable
himself to use it to sustain his own position. It
seems to be a little enabling act that the President
has inserted for his own benefit.
Now, sir, I have often seen forced constructions
of statutes, but this is forcing the statute itself.
I think that the offense is original with the Pres-
ident, and may well be designated as the rape of
the statute. 1 believe it is now generally conceded
that the President found this power in the wrong
place. And it is only necessary to add further,
on this point, that the clause quoted by the Pres-
ident, and all that stands in connection with it,
does not, and was not, intended to confer any
power on the Territorial Legislature.
But there is another clause, and only one other,
in which they pretend to find this power. It is
the first clause of the twenty-fourth section of the
organic act, which is as follows:
" The legislative powei of the Territory shall extend to
all uahtliU ^ubjeet-s oi legislation, consistent with the Con-
stitutiOii ofthu United States, and the provisions of tins act."
And wherever this power may have been be-
fore, I behove it is now authoritatively located in
this clause by the majority report of the special
committee of this House, to whom was referred
the special message of the President, with in-
structions to fully investigate all matters pertain-
ing to the Lecompton constitution. I am glad
that its locality is fixed at last, for we shall see,
as we go along, that this power did not get into
the organic act, or if it did, did not begin to de-
velop itself until the act was three years old,
(about thu time original sin and total depravity
are said to develop themselves in infants,) and
since that time it has been going from one end of
