1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
resolution on the table, and ask the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay the resolution on the table
was disagreed to—ayes 62, noes 74.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. BOCOCK. It may be proper for me to
say that if debate is closed on this bill on Friday,
I shall, if I am in the Chair, give the floor on that
day to gentlemen desiring to discuss the bill.
Mr. WALRRIDGE. I move to amend the
resolution so as to close the debate at the close of
the session of the House on Friday.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Friday is private bill day.
I object to the debate on this bill being closed on
that day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man has no right to object.
Mr. LETCHER. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Waubridge] will
make the resolution satisfactory, I will modify it
so as to close debate at the adjournment of the
House on Friday next.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will take some course by which we shall
have some debate upon this bill. This is an im-
portant bill, and it is evident we shall have no
discussion upon it if we are to dispose of it in this
manner.
Mr. LETCHER. Is there any probability that
we ever can have any debate upon the bill?
Mr. GROW. I desire to appeal to the gentle-
man from Virginia, to lay aside this bill until
some time when we can have discussion on it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RICE M. BROWN.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to present the me-
morial of Rice M. Brown for reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That can be done
under the rules.
Mr. MORGAN. I object, unless we know
what the memorial is.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read it.
The Clerk proceeded to read the memorial.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
that. Let it bo presented under the rules, as all
others are.
COTTON STATISTICS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmitting a report of John
Claiborne, special agent to collect statistics of the
consumption of cotton in Europe; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
LANDS IN ILLINOIS AND INDIANA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Houee a
communication from the Department of the Inte-
rior, in reply to the resolution of the Tlou.se cull-
ing for a statement of the quantity of unsold public
lands in Illinois and Indiana; winch was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
SALARY OF SURVEYOR GENERAL OP UTAH.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department re-
specting an item omitted m the deficiency bill of
$1,501), on account of the salary of the surveyor
general of Utah; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. I1UNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to in-
troduce a resolution calling for information neces-
sary to be had before a committee.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
RAILROAD FROM DUBUQUE TO SIOUX CITY.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave to pre-
sent a communication from the Department of the
Interior, in reply to a resolution of the House of
the 16th instant, calling for information relative
to the construction of a railroad from Dubuque to
Sioux City, and a branch from the mouth of Tete
des Morts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
that communication be read; it is short.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to it.
The question recurred on Mr. Letcher's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bocock in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gendeman
from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] was entitlecfto the
floor, to conclude his speech commenced last
evening.
Mr. KELLOGG. Mr. Chairman, when the
committee rose yesterday I was referring, in con-
nection with the Kansas question, to the history
of the last few years. I propose this morning to
linger for a few moments on this point.
To resume my remarks where I left off yester-
day, Mr. Chairman. As if determined that the
full scope of their object should be clearly defined,
and the policy of the late Administration, an Ad-
ministration so like the present that the one
seems but an elongation of the other, should be
fully committed to the enterprise, at least by im-
plication, we find in one of the newspaper organs
of the pro-slavery interest in Kansas, not long
prior to the spring election of 1855, the following
language:
" The Sontli must be up and doing; Kansas must and
shall be a slave State. Mark what wo say, southern free-
men ! Come along with your ncgiocs, and plow up every
inch of ground that is at this tune disgraced and defaced by
an abolition plow. Send the seoundiels back to whence
they eamo, or send them to hell—it matters not which des-
tination ; suit your own convenience. Sound the bugle of
war over the length and breadth of the land, and leave not
an Abolitionist in the Teiritory to relate their trcaehcrous
and contaminating deeds. Strike your piercing ritle-balls
and youi gliltenng steel to their black and poisonous lieai ts;
let the wai-crynever cease in Kansas again,until ourTer-
litory is divfr tcil of the last vestige of abolitionism."
Again, Atchison, the acknowledged champion
of General Pierce and his administration, in Mis-
souri and Kansas, boldly, distinctly,and defiantly
declared the objects of these hostile movements
on Kansas, and called on those for whom he acted
to come to the rescue—yea, to the conflict of free-
dom and slavery; and to never coase that conflict
until freedom should,with droopingpinions,leave
that rich garden spot of God's creation, a fit abode
for freemen, to the polluting foot-prints of oppres-
sion, and the lowering clouds of slavery. In his
appeal to the people of Georgia, he uses the fol-
lowing significant language, significant from its
boldly-implied assumption, that no interference
was to be cxpected from the General Government
—" Kansas must be a slave State, or Missouri
must have free institutions."
Here, sir, is the threatened evil; here is the dire
calamity Missouri fears.
Fiee institutions! the very name of which mad-
dens her hot blood, and lights up the fires of civil
war. But, sir, what institutions, does she want?
Does she want institutions of tyranny and op-
pression, the antagonisms of free institutions?
Does she love so well the institution thathas borne
as mountains' weight on her vital energies; that
has crippled her powers, and prevented herrapid,
onward march, in this day of progress ? Does she
fear the institutions that gave her sister State, Illi-
nois, three thousand miles of ntilroud, before she
: had as many hundred; that has enabled Illinois
: to convert her prairies into one vast cultivated
i field, to build and scatter towns and cities broad-
cast, through her whole extent, and to nurture,
' feed, and supportMissouri's only city, St. Louis?
While Missouri can hardly boast, beside St. Louis
and St. Joseph, a town of five thousand inhabit-
ants. To this let her people answer.
He continues:
" Let your young men come forth to Missouri and Kan-
sas. J.et them couie well armed, and with money enough
to snnpoit them for twelve months, and deteimmed to see
tins tinng out. 1 do not see how we are to avoid civil war.
Come it will. Twelve months will not elapse before war,
civil war, of the fiercest kind, will be upon us. We are
arming and preparing lor it; indeed, we of the border coun-
ties are piepared. We must have the snppoitof the South.
We are figliling the battles of the South. Our institutions
areatstake. Wewantmen—armedmen. We wantmoney.
Let your young men come on m squads, as fast as they can
be laised, well aimed."
With these declarations, loudly proclaimed and
vauntingly published, the entire legislative branch
of the territorial government was usurped into the
hands and control of the pro-slavery influence by
an invading, voting force of over four thousand
inhabitants of Missouri; who, on their return to
Missouri,amid rejoicings and the music of bands,
reported that" not an anti-slavery man will be
in the Legislature of Kansas. We have made a
clean sweep." And thus,amidst all the light and
knowledge of the nineteenth century, in repub-
lican, free America, human slavery was extended
and established, at the sacrifice of the dearest right
of freemen—the elective franchise. And all this
fell on the dull ear of the Executive without arous-
ing him from the trance-like dream of that golden
bauble—a second term—so securely held in the
hands of that interest before which he crouched
in abject submission. But when GoyernorReeder,
a just man, seeing the sources and channels of le-
gislative power corrupted by fraud and obstructed
by violence, interposed his official influence to
purify and purge the legislative returns, then the
quick ear of the President heard the wailing cry
of his friends, and his eagle eye saw executive in-
tolerance in the affairs of Kansas, and Governor
Reeder went into retirement. Governor Geary
found, in like manner, that any recognition of the
rights of the free-State citizens of Kansas sub-
jected him to the disapprobation of the pro-sla-
very power, and consequent removal. And, sir,
to further show that the basis of this movement
was slavery extension, and so understood in a
large portion of this Union during the late pres-
idential campaign, I desire to read from the Rich-
mond Enquirer, of 1856, in which I find the fol-
lowing avowal of the issues involved in that cam-
paign:
" The Democrats of the South, in the present canvass,
cannot reiy on the old grounds of defense and excuse for
hlaveiy ; for they seek not merely to retain it where it is, but
to extend it into regions where it is unknown. Much less
can they lely on the mere constitutional guaiantees of sla-
very ; tor such leliunee is pieguant with the admission that
slavery is wrong, and but for the Constitution should he
abolished.
"Northern Democrats need not go thus far. They do not
seek to extend slavery, but only to agree to its extension, as
a matter of right 0n our part. They may piefer their own
social system to ours. It is best that they should. Our
friends are conservatives at home, and conservatives of the
Union, conservative of lcltgion, of marriage, of property, of
State institutions, and of Federal institutions; but whilst
thev may prefer their own social system, will have to admit
in this canvass that ours is also rightftil and legitimate, and
sanctioned alike by the opinions and usages of mankind,
and by the sanction and express injunctions of Scripture.
They cannot consistently maintain that slavery is immoral,
inexpedient, and profane, and yet continue to submit to its
extension.
We know that we utter bold truths ; but the time has
now ariived when thejr utterance can be no longer post-
poned. The true is<sue should stand out so boldly and clearly
that none may mistake it."
Slavery enjoined by the Scriptures! That Book
of liberty and life, the mission of which on earth
is to expand, elevate, and ennoble the mind and
soul, enjoin the observance of that slavery which,
under the penalty of bars and chains, prohibits
a knowledge of its truths, or the ability to read
its pages—-that degrades and enslaves the mind
and soul of human beings ! No, sir; it is not so.
It is a slander on that sacred record; it is a slan-
der on God and His attributes.
And now, sir, will gentlemen of the Democratic
party who, during the last campaign,did declare
that slavery was immoral, inexpedient, and pro-
lane, from the stump, in the papers, in public and
in private, now consider these so-called "bold
truths" then and now uttered, and no longeravoid
the issue so boldly and clearly made and presented
that " none may mistake it."
Mr. Chairman, I assume to say that the Re-
publican party have not heretofore, nor do they
now, mistake the real, the true issue. And, sir,
I much mistake the signs of the times, if the peo-
ple, now aroused by the developments made in
the more advanced stage of this crusade against
freedom, do not, in the future* so clearly compre-
hend and appreciate the real issue, that no party
allegiance can seduce them from a firm mainte-
nance of their rights at whatever cost or sacrifice;
and that they will proclaim, through the potent
agency of the ballot-box, and by their Represent-
atives upon this floor, that such wrongs must
cease, come from what quarter they may. And,
sir, unless they do, they are but fit subjects for
the iron heel of oppression.
Again, sir, the President, in his message but
recently received in this House, has taken occa-
sion to brand a large majority of the people of
