180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
and quiet of the country, and demands the most
enlightened and deliberate consideration. The
acts of General "Walker and his followers can
have but little weight in determining the policy
necessary for this Government to adopt in regard
to Central American affairs. My opinions were,
to some extent, expressed upon this subject in
1850, in a speech in this House, in opposition to
the Clayton and Bulwer treaty, which I then de-
nounced in the strongest terms I could employ.
I consider that treaty " the great first cause" of
all the troubles that now threaten us. It was a
clear abandonment of our rights and the policy
of our past history; and I shall rejoice if the Ad-
ministration shall announce the doctrine that all
changes in regard to the people and territory south
of us must be made by the consent and for the
benefit of the people of the United States.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I should
like it if the gentleman will withdraw his call for
the previous question, to let me introduce an
amendment.
Mr. SAVAGE. I will hear the amendment
before I withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. My amend-
ment merely enlarges the call, so that we may
have all the facts before us.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And further to communicate to tins House whether, prior
to said arrest, the Government of the United States had un-
dertaken, by treaty or othei ariangement with the existing
Government of Nicaragua, to protect said Government m
the peaceable enjoyment of the transit loute thiough Nic-
aragua between the Caribbean sea and the Pacific ocean,
or otherwise to assume the protectoiate over the said route
by the arms of the United States if nccessary.
Mr. SAVAGE. I believe that the amendment
is well intended, but I presume that all the inform-
ation it asks for will be furnished under the res-
olution, as it is now before the House, i insist on
the call for the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Not at all.
Mine is a different branch of inquiry.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question. I will
renew it.
Mr. SAVAGE. If I withdraw it for one, I
must for all. 1 think that the resolution as it is,
sufficiently provides for all the information which
may be desired.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the cail
for the previous question is not .seconded, will nut
my amendment be then in order?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The call for the previous question was not sec-
onded; only thirty-five members} voting therefor.
Mr.MARSHALL, ot'Kontucky. Mr. Speaker,
I submit the amendment which has just been read
for the information of the House. ' 1 do not pro-
pose at this time to discuss the question. 1 merely
want to get the call, so that the President of the
United Slates can communicate, not only the facts
in reference to the alleged violation of the neutral-
ity laws by Mr. Walker and his associates, but
also the extent to which this Government has
assumed a protectorate over the transit route, by
any arrangement with the government of Mar-
tinez. It may operato to shield the officer of the
Navy for a violation of the sovereignty of Nic-
aragua, in one view of the case; and m another,
it will serve to enable the representatives of the
American people to move with an understand-
ing of the whole case. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question, in order
that I may submit an amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Let the
amendment be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And that the President he al^o lequtMcd to inform this
House whether the Government of Nieaiagna has made
any complaint against our Government on account of the
act of Captain Paulding in arresting Walker and his fol-
lowers.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to the amendment, as it simply enlarges
the scope of the call for information.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, declined to
withdraw the call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York would not be in order,
inasmuch as there is an amendment to an amend-
ment now pending.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to ask, will members have an opportunity to vote
separately on the several propositions pending?
The SPEAKER. If a division be called for
before the call for the previous question is sec-
onded, it is in order, according to the practice of
the House.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then I ask for a divis-
ion of the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand
the question, there is a resolution, an amendment,
and an amendment to an amendment. Of course
the House will have an opportunity to vote for
or against each of these propositions separately.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That is all I desire.
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded; there being, on a division—ayes 95, noes
28; and the main question was then ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment to
the amendment offered by Mr. Marshall, of
Kentucky.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask if it is in order to extend
that resolution to other Central American States?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order,
the previous question having been seconded,and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CURTIS. Because a treaty with Costa
Rica may have been made.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays,
as this relates to a treaty which has not yet been
made public.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 155, nays 13; as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Adiain, Anderson, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdale, Bennett, Billinghur^t, Bingham, Blair,
Bocock, Boyce, Brayton, Bryan, Buffinton, Buriingame,
Burnett, Bums, Case, Caskte, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, John
B. Clark, dawson, Clay, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, John
Coclnane, Cockenll, Colfax, Comins, Corning, Covode,
Cox, James Craig; Curry, Curtis, Damrcll, Davidson, Davis
of Maryland, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davi^ of fowa, Dawes, Dean, l)odd, Dowdell, Edrnundson,
Elliott, English, Eustis, Farnsworth, Fenton, Florence,
Foley, Foster, Gartiell, Gillis, Gilmer, Goode, Goodwin,
Gianger, Groesbeck, Grow, Lawrence YV. Hall, Ilobeit B.
Hall, llailan, J. Morrison Han is, Thomas L. Ilariis, llas-
kin, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Owen Jones,
Kellogg, KeU(iy,Kilgorc, Ivnapp, Landy, Lawrence, Leach,
Leidy, Leitei, Lovejoy, McQueen, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Morgan,
Mornll, Edward Joy Morris, Wac N. Moiris, Fieeman
If. Moise, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Niblaek, Nichols, Ohn,
Paliuei, Petlit, Pejton, Phillips, Potter, Puiviance, Quit-
man, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ritchie, Robbins, Rulfin, San-
didge. Savage, Sealer, Scott, John Sherman, Judson W.
iShennan, Slioiter. Singleton, Uobeit Smith, William Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, William
Stew.u t, Talbot, Miles Tajlor, Thayui, Tuinpkiiw,Tnppe,
Wade, Walhridge, Waldron, Walton, Waid, Cadvvalader
C. Washbuine, Elhlm B. Wa*hburne, Israel Washburn,
Watkins, White, Wilson, Wmslow, Woodson, John V.
Wnght, and Zolheofler—
NAVS—Messrs. i.liss, Dewart, Faulkner, Giccmvood,
Giegg, Keitt, Letcher, Phelps, Stephen^, Geoige Taylor,
Wauen, Whiteiey, and Augustus It. Wright—KJ.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then agreed
to, and the resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAPERS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the following resolution.
Mr. WARREN. I rise to what I believe to be
a privileged question. It is in relation to my posi-
tion touching the vote which lias just been taken.
Mr. KEITT. That is no question of privilege.
Mr. WARREN. I think it is.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. WARREN. I wished to say that while
I was in favor of the original resolution of the
gentleman from North Carolina, I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
because it calls on the President for the exposi-
tion of a treaty not yet confirmed and made public.
The resolution offered by Mr. Stephens, of
Georgia, was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House furnish the mem-
bers the .same number of daily newspapers iurmshed the
last Congress, and on the same teim.-.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was there not a
resolution like that adopted some days since?
The SPEAKER. No; this is the first of the
kind offered this session.
The resolution was agreed to.
ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER—AGAIN.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform this House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, whether the Government of Nicaragua has
made any complaint against our Government on account of
the act of Captain Paulding in anesting William Walker
and his followers within the territory of Nicaragua.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and also moved
to lay the motion to rcconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill, merely
for the purpose of reference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to give way to me, to make a motion
that the States be callcd for bills and resolutions
to which there shall hp no objection.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I then move
that the States be called through, and that gentle-
men having bills which they wish to report, mere-
ly for the purpose of reference to the different
committees of the House, may have the privilege
of doing; so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does that cover
resolutions ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It includes
resolutions to which there is no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let there bo in-
serted a condition that objections are not to be cut
off by the previous question. If resolutions are
to be put through under the previous question, I
will object.
Mr. LETCHER. How far did we progress
when the States were called under the former call?
Iam for beginning at the point wheiewe stopped
then.
The SPEAKER. The call had gone as far as
the State of New York.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, if the call be
commenced there. I have no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I modify my
proposition, so as to provide that the call shall
commence where the call last left off.
The resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER commenced the call of the
States, beginning with New York.
HARLEM RIVER.
Mr. HASKIN presented the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of New York in
favor of the passage of a bill by Congress to re-
move obstructions in the Ilarlem river; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
"WESTERN LAKES AND RIVERS.
Mr. HATCH offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate as oaily as possible to the House of Representa-
tives, a statement of the present condition of the works of
improvement upon the northern and nosthwe&tern lakes
and western rivers, with such information as lie can procure
of their commerce.
OSWEGO HARBOR.
Mr. GOODWIN introduced a bill to continue
the improvement of the harbor of Oswego, New
York; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. KELSEY introduced a bill to reduce and
equalize the mileage of members of Congress;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Mileage.
DUNKIRK HARBOR.
Mr. FENTON introduced a bill for continuing
the improvement of the harbor at Dunkirk, New
York, on Lake Erie; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
