1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2291
Mr. POLK. Are not the heirs the legal repre-
sentatives ?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes; but the Department
might construe it as going to the administrator.
Sir. POLK. I think the proper word is used.
Mr. IVERSON. Let it go.
ISAAC DREW.
The Senate,^as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 578) for
the relief of Isaac Drew, and other settlers upon
the public lands in the State of Wisconsin.
Isaac Drew, and such other persons as may-
have settled, in good faith, in Wisconsin, since
July 1, 1850, upon any portion of the lands that
were erroneously selected by that State as a part
of the five hundred thousand acre grant, which
selections were not confirmed, and who were at
that date, or since that time have become an ac-
tual settler and housekeeper, and mode improve-
ments on any tract embraced among these erro-
neous selections, are to be entitled, under this bill,
to the same right of preemption, and upon the
same terms and conditions as are prescribed by
an act entitled " An act to appropriate the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands and grant
preemption rights,"approved September 14,1841;
but the lands are to be paid for by the settlers at
the minimum price.
Mr. GREEN. I object to that bill.
Mr. STUART. I will say to the Senator that
these settlements arose out of a mistake by the
State itself in the selection of lands. These peo-
ple are there in good faith. The case has been
here for years, and they have been trying to get
relief. It is one of the plainest cases in the world.
Mr. GREEN. I withdraw my objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time and passed,
ISAAC CARPENTER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 260) for
the relief of Isaac Carpenter.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Isaac Caipenter,of the State
of New York, upon the invalid pension list, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, commencing
on the 10th of June, 185(i,-to continue during his
natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
OLIVER P. HOVEY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (II.
R. No. 256) for the relief of Oliver P. Hovey.
Mr. PUGH. I object to that bill.
The bill was passed over.
SHERLOCK AND SHIRLEY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calendar
has now been gone through with.
Mr. WADE. I hope the Senate will indulge
me by taking up the bill S. No. 287. There were
some objections to it on a former occasion when
it was called up; but an amendment proposed by
the Senator from Florida, the chairman of the
Post Office Committee, I believe, will remove those
objections; and I hope that the bill will now be
suffered to pass.
Mr. GREEN. I object to that bill. I want to
go back to the beginning of the Calendar, and go
on regularly.
Mr. WADE. There is really no objection to
the bill that I know of.
Mr. GREEN. Is it satisfactory all round ?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. Will it give rise to debate?
Mr. WADE. I think not.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 237)
for the relief of Sherlock & Shirley.
Mr. GREEN. I object to that.
Mr. POLK. I think it had better go over.
Mr. YULEE. I have prepared a proviso in
such distinct terms that it is satisfactory to all
who before objected to the bill, because it puts the
principle in distinct language:
Provided, That no ea-e of any fine or deduction hereto-
fore considered and decided by any foi iner Postmaster Gen-
er.il, upon the application <>t" the contractors, shall be re
viewed under tiu* provis>um< of tins act.
That covers the whole principle which was
contended for, in distinct terms.
Mr. GREEN. I still object. I cannot agree
to that. That is the existing law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is ob-
jected to, and lies over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are there any other bills
on the Calendar?
The PRESIDING OFFICER.' We have gone
through with those bills which have not been ob-
jected to.
SIEUR DE BONNE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The bill (S. No. 259) was
laid over on account of my momentary absence.
There is, I believe, no objection to it,and I hope
it will be taken up.
Mr. PUGH. I think we had better commence-
at the beginning of the Calendar.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is a bill to which
there is no objection. It was passed over at the
moment because I was out.
Mr. PUGH. Very well.
Mr. MALLORY. * Are there not other bills
which have not been placed before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; we
have gone through the list on the Calendar.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Florida
reported a bill this morning.
Mr. MALLORY. It has not been read. There
can be no objection to the bill I reported this
morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill has
not come from the Printer. All that have come
from the Printer have been read.
The motion of Mr. Benjamin was agreed to;
and the Senate proceeded to consider the bill (S.
No. 259) authorizing the courts to adjudicate the
claims of the legal representatives of the Sieur De
Bonne and the Chevalier Dellepentigny to certain
land at the Sault Ste. Maue,in the State of Michi-
gan.
Mr. PUGH. I understand that this is a bill
authorizing a suit against the United States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will explain exactly what
it is. It is as perfect a title, I consider, as was
ever presented to a piece of land; but the Govern-
ment of the United States has sold a great deal
of it out to private settlers. They are unwilling
to disturb the settlers, and they propose to close
the case by bringing a suit against the Govern-
ment; and if their title is established on appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States to leave
all persons to whom the Government has sold, in
possession,and take wanauts to locate elsewheie,
taking onl v what remains undisposed of by the
Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My attention has been
accidentally called to this bill, and 1 should like
to know from the gentleman who makes the re-
port, what is the extent of the land claimed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state to the Senator
from Kentucky, that we found in the papers a
grant by the King of France—the parties have the
original parchment—giving six leagues square lo
these two parties. The land has been in pos-
session of themselves, or persons claiming under
them, in part, ever since. At the time the board
of land commissioners was appointed for confirm-
ing land titles in that district, they were limited
to the cognizance of claims covering one league
square. This claim was put before them and not
acted upon, because not within their jurisdiction.
The Government has sold out a portion of the
land claimed to private parties. Instead of suing
the private parties, they propose to sue the Gov-
ernment; and if their title be confirmed, to take
! warrants and locate them elsewhere, and not dis-
' turb the settlers. That is the whole case. It is
! to be determined by the Supreme Court of the
' United States whether they have a title,
i Mr. CRITTENDEN. Does the bill authorize
| a suit against the United States?
' Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, in the court of the
i United States, in Michigan, where the lands
i lie, to be defended by the district attorney, and
brought, on appeal, to the Supreme Court of the
United States. .
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Would the United
States, in that suit, be permitted to avail itself
of the ancient possession of the citizens of the
United States who now occupy the land claimed?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The bill neither provides
any special right of the United States nor of. the
parties claiming the land. It directs the suit to
be determined by the court. "This is in prefers
ence to suing all these settlers. If thewere sued
and evicted, the Government would give them a
dollar and a quarter, and they would all be de-
prived of their land.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I rather suspect the
claimants would much prefer to litigate with the
United States—it would be rather a pastime—
than with the private occupants of theland. There
is a real antagonist; but the Government is rather
an ideal, speculative opponent than anything else.
This seems tobeavery ancientclaim—I presume
long neglected.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The claim has never been
neglected. It has been asserted and reasserted
ever since the land office has existed there, but it
was beyond the jurisdiction. It has been lying
on record here in the Land Office as a caveat and
protest against the disposal of these lands ever
since the lands have been held by the United
States; but there has been no tribunal to determ-
ine the claim. Now, instead of determining this
grant in favor of the parties, the committee pre-
ferred, as the amount was large, to submit it to
a defense by the United States. It is a class of
titles we usually report for confirmation, but it
was because it was a large amount that we pre-
ferred to have it settled by a court of justice,
where the Government can be defended.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Has it happened.—-
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a question of order,
that, as the bill stives rise to debate, it goes over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no ob-
jection made to the bill, but rather an informal
conversation.
Mr. GREEN. I cannot see how there can be
debate without objection on one side or the other.
Mr. KING. Tncre ought to be some objection
to the passage of this bill. It is a bill for six
square leagues of land, which is, I suppose, a very-
large quantity.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Who will he have to de-'
cide it if the gentleman will not trust the courts?
Mr. KING. If the land is theirs, they can sue
the parties on it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman object
to the bill ?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir; I object to it because I
am opposed to its passage.
The bill was passed over.
RICHARD FITZPATRICK.
Mr. MALLORY. I am told that the bill to
which I called attention is now on the table. I ask
that the hill (S. No. 393) be taken up in its order.
The bill (S. No. 393) from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of Richard Fitzpatriek, was read a
second lime, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay-
to Richard Fitzpatriek, $12,000 m full, for the use
and occupation of his plantation as a military post
of the United States, between the years 1836 and
1842, as also for the damage done to his plantation
in cutting off the wood and lumber during the oc-
cupation.
Mr. MALLORY. I will simply state that this
bill passed the Senate once, went to the other
House, and was reported favorably there. It has
now unanimously passed the Courtof Claims and
the Senate Committee on Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is there a report in the case ?
I should like tn hear it.
Mr. MALLORY. The report is the report of
the Court of Claims, embodying all the facts.
The court were unanimous.
Mr. WRIGHT. I waive the call.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF PROCEEDING.
Mr GREEN. 1 desire to withdraw my ob-
jection to the bill (S. No. 287) for the relief of
'Sherlock & Shirley, saying at the same time that
I believe my objection is proper; but 1 do not
choosp to stand in the way of a majority of the
Senate. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. MASON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to offer a resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With reference to private
bills ?'
Mr. MASON. No.
