2292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to it, then.
Mr. MASON. It is in regard to the general
business of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to get through
private bills.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WADE. As the objection to the bill S.
No. 287 is withdrawn, I hope it will be passed.
Mr. POLK. I object to it. It does not come
up in its order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is the Private Calendar
gone through with ?
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Somebills have
be^en brought in within a few minutes. The Cal-
endar is not gone through with yet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to take up a mo-
tion I made to reconsider a bill which I think is
in order before the Calendar. It is a bill which
belongs to the Private Calendar, nnd^ will come
up, therefore, before these others. It is a bill for
the relief of George Ashley, administrator dc boim
non of Samuel Holgate. I move to reconsider the
vote on its passage, rejecting that bill. It is bill
No. 89. J ,
Mr. PUGH. I object to that bein? considered
now. It is putting the bill ahead o[ its place on
the Calendar. The Senate rejected it on a call of
the yeas and nays. Unless the Chair decides the
motion to he in order, I object to it
Bovce, -Branch, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnett, Bums,
Chaffee, Ezra C3aik,Jolm B. Clark,dawson, Clay, Clem-
ens", Cobb, Cockenli, Coming, Coining, Covode,Cox, Cra-
sh), James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Cuny, Curtis,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis ot
Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dovvdell, Dur-
fee.Edie. English, Farnsworth, Faulkner, Fenton, I1 lor-
ence, Foley, Foster, Gartrell, Gthnan, Gilmer, Gooch,
Goode, Gioriser, Greenwood. Gif-ss, Giow, Lawrence \\ •
Hull, Hatlan^J Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hoaid, Hopkins, florton, Howaid, Hughes,
Jackson, Jewett, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, K<'lloygj
Kclaey. Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Law- ,
rence, T.eiter, Letohcr, Lovejoy, Maclay. Humphrey Mar- .
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynaid, Miles, Miller, Mill- ;
son, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Isaac N.Monis, Freeman ti.
Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Niblaek, Nichols, Olm, j
Palmer, Parker,Pendleton. Pettit, Peyton, Phelps,Phillips, |
Pike, Pottle, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Reilly,
Kltelue, Robbins, Roycc, Russell, Scott, Sewaid, Aaron
Shaw John RIipiinan, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Robert .
Smith, William Smith, SpinuPi, titanton, Stephens. James |
A. Stewart, William Stewait, Tulboi, (isiou-c 'taylor,
Tinner,Thompson, Tompkin=, Tnppc, Underwood,V\ ade, i
VValbridge, Walton, Cadwalader O. Washburn, Ellihu 13.
Washbunie, Israel Washburn, While, Whitcley, Wilson,
Woitendyke, John V. Wngllt, and Zollicoffcr 15.. ,
So the House refused to adjourn. j
Pending the vote,
Mr. STEVENSON asked leave to vote, he not
being within the bur when his name was called.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
Mr. HAWKINS. 'I voted " ay"outof respect
to the gentleman who made the motion; but I
change my vote, and vote " no."
Mr. HILL stated that if he had been within
Mr. FESSENDEN. It stood ahead of these || w|len jllg name was called he would have
bills now on the Calendar, antl has been acted on. ; voletj the negative.
A motion to reconsider is a privileged motion,
and must take precedence.
Mr. PUGH. The bill is not on the Calendar.
The order of the Senate is to take up bills on the
Calendar.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a private bill.
Mr. PUGH. It is not on the Calendar. It was
rejected and put aside. 1 object lo eveiy thing but
the Calendar in older.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I contend that this is at
the beginning of the Private Calendar, the bill
having been acted on mil a motion for reconsider-
ation made, which must necessarily take prece-
dence over cases put on the Calendar to-day. It
belongs to the Private Calendar just as much as if
it was printed on the Calendar; but accoidmg to
the idea of the Senator we should he compelled to
go through the whole Calendar, bill by bill, before
we could take up this measure for iconsidera-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honoinble Senator
give way for a motion to adjoin n -1
Mr. FESSENDEN. No,'sir. I move that that '
hill be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Maine is, that the Senate recon-
sider its vote, rejecting the bill indicated by him,
(S. No. 8'.).)
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a I
division—ayes IS, noes 13; and the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fiui) av, .May 21, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
MOTION FOR A CALL, ETC.
Mr. CLEMENS. Is there a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. There are but ninety-eight
members in (heir seats.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 move that there be a call
of the House.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative.
Mr. STANTON. I ask for tellers on the mo-
tion for a call.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, tellers maybe oi dered, although there-
suit has been announced.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If we cannot do
anything, I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CLEMENS asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 7, nays 157; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Iluyli-r, George. W. Jones, Kilgore, Jacob
M. Kunkel, Mattuson, Muirav, and Riifnn—1.
NAYS—MesSl'?. Abbott, Atliain, Andeison, Alldievvs,
Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Billinghur&t, Bingham, Bowie,
Mr. C0GKER1LL moved that the reading of ;
the vote l?e dispensed with.
t Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, objected.
" The vote was then announced as above recorded.
READING or THE JOURNAL.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
FIFTEEN MILLION LOAN.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secietary of the Tieasury,
asking an additional loan of $ 15,000,000; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and oidered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills and reso-
lutions of the following titles; m which he was
directed to ask (lie concurrence of the Mouse:
An act (No. 198) for the relief of Joseph Har- j
dy and Alton Long; '
An act (No. :W1) for the relief of Frances Ann
McCauley;
An act (No. 225) for the relief of Anthony Casio,
'' a soldier m the war of J81S2;
An act (No. 297) to extend an act entitled " An
act to continue half pay t<5 certain widows and or-
phans," approved February 3, 18.53;
An act (No. 11a) for the telief ol J. ITosford
Smith;
Ail act (No. 11G) for the relief of Jeremiah Pen-
dergast, of the District of Columbia;
An act (No. 128) for the relief of George Phelps;
An act (No. 130) for the relief of Jennett H.
McCall, only cluld of Captain James McCall, of
the revolutionary war;
An act (No. 156) for the relief of Joshua Shaw,
of Boi'dentown, New Jersey;
An act (No. 172) for the relief of William D.
Moseley;
An act (No. 186) to confirm the title of Benja-
min E. Edwards to a certain tract of land in the
Territory of New Mexico;
A resolution (No. 20) authorizing the Secretary
of the Navy to pay to the officers and seamen of
the expedition in search of Dr. Kane, the same
rate of pay that was allowed officers and seamen j
of the expedition under Lieutenant De Ilaven;
A resolution (No. 43) for the relief of John C.
Carter;
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House (No. 561) to create a Jand district in the
Territory of New A'lexico.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEYS.
| The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
j message from the President of the United States
| covering a lepoit, maps, &c., of the geological
survey of the Tetritories of Oregon and Wasli-
j ington, made by John Evans, Esq., United States
1 geologist, under an appropriation made by Con
gress for that purpose; which was laid on the
table and ordered.to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am authorized by
the Committee on Public Lands to move that five
hundred extra copies of the report be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It would be bet-
ter, I suppose, to refer it all to the Committee on
Printing, and let them report whether it is neces-
sary to print this report at all ortfot. It is one
of those things which, if illustrated, will cost
$100,000. I move to reconsider the vote order-
ing the report to be printed, and to refer the sub-
ject to the Committee on Printing, for a report as
to whether it is right to have any of it printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to say afew
words on that point. The Committee on Public
Lands have had the question under consideration
not only at this session, but during the last Con-
gress. They have given it a thorough examin-
ation, and have, at this session, directed me to
report in favor of printing the report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That being the
case, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the re-
port be laid on the table and ordered to be printed;
and that five hundred extra copies be printed.
The SPEAKER. The motion as to the extra
copies will go to the Committee on Printing.
DENNIS CRONAN.
Mr. EUSTIS. I ask the unanimous consent,
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
an adverse report from the Courtof Claims (No.
1G3) in the case of Dennis Cronan, for the pur-
pose of having it referred to the Committee on
Claims.
It was so ordered.
CATHARINE ANSART.
Mi. KNAPP. 1 make the same application in
reference to a like adverse report from the Court
of Claims m the case of Catharine Ansart.
It was so ordeied.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA MEMBERS.
Mr. ClIAFFEE. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee ot the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. FLORENCE. Before that motion is sub-
mitted, I ask theunaninious eonsentof the House
to offer the resolution presented yesterday by the
chairman of the committee of investigation in the
matter of the purchase of Willett's point.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
whether the business we had yesterday, in lela-
tion to Minnesota, does not come up fiist this
nioininji?
The SPEAKER. That ie the business first in
order. The motion to go into a Committee of the
Whole House cunnot be, pending that question,
recri ml.
Mr. ClIAFFEE. I thought the Chair decided.
yesterday, that, the refuse! of the House to order
the mam question rescinded the seconding ot the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so decide.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. Did the Chair
decide that it is not in oider to postpone the con-
sideration of apnvileged question?
The SPEAKER. No. The Chair did notde-
cide any such thirty.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Well, will not
the going into committee operate the same as a
postponement?
The SPEAKER. While a privileged question
is before the House m proper shape, a motion to
postpone its consideration can be made with per-
fect competency.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. On the same
principle, can it not be done by going into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar > Whenever a motion to postpone is com-
petent, is not the motion to go into committee also
competent ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The rules say
that the motion can be made at any tune.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to address my-
self to my colleague [Mr. Jones] for permission
to report back a Senate bill to the House, m order
that the adverse repoit upon it may he printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will give
way for me one moment.
