1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1269
And thus while it is claimed that the sHvery I
clause was fanly submitted for approval or re- |
jection, it must be conceded by all. that in no |
event could Kansas he other than a slave State, j
But gentlemen, to escape these conclusions, as- j
sume that the people of Kansas, who did not vote,
tacitly acquiesced in the vote on the constitution
taken in December last. No such inference can
be legitimately drawn. The free-State men were j
prevented by the terms of the submission from .
voting, as lias been shown. How, then, can an.l
implication arise of acquiescence by not voting. ;
He only is concluded by the vote of others, when ■
lie himself might have voted. But, sir, there is
no question of implication.
The people of Kansas are known to be opposed,
by a large majority, to the Lecompton constitu-
tion. This, sir, is a matter of history of the day,
and so conscious is the President of their determ-
ined opposition that lie denominates their acts
rebellion. This should be an answer to the sub-
terfuges of las supporters. But the people have
acted directly on this question, and their will and i
opinions are. no longer a matter of conjecture. I
On the 4th of January last, the people casta vote
of over twelve thousand against the Lecompton
constitution in an election where frauds were not
even charged, being a majority of nearly seven
thousand over the vote cast ill December for it,
and in this estimate, I doubt not that X calculate
for it, not less than twenty-five hundred fraud- j
ulent votes. Again, at the election for members j
of the Territorial Legislature, and for Delegate to
Congress, the people, m a most unequivocal man-
lier, decided for a free State by a large and decided
majority, and yet we are told that the people of i
Kansas, while using every means m their power j
to prevent the adoption of a slave constitution, are |
to be presumed as acquiescing in the means used ■■
to make it a slave State. This is a kind of rea-
soning and logic, I think, but seldom used.^and j
will not, I believe, be favorably appreciated by i
the country. I
111 view of all these facts, I can but consider |
this pretended submission as a tiick and trauel |
upon the people, and should not, and 1 trust will ,
not, be sustained.
In support of the opinion of the fraudulent de-
gjo-n of those who oiigmated and produced the
Lecompton constitution, I desire to submit a state-
mcntof'Mr. Stanton,late acting-Governor of Kan-
sas. Ill his address to the people of the United
States, speaking of the pro-slavery party in Kan-
sas, lie says:
"It was apparent that all tile machinerj had been ait-
fullv uropaicu ibr a repeutioa oi suiular to those
which ii.id been attempted in Outlier; and it was in view
of all these facts. aiici me :nl |ou. anient at tile convention,
that the people Oi lhe TeuMoi\. bv an almost unanimous
demand, called upon m". as the ,'d'iig Governor, to coil- !
venc an e.uia i-c.-ion oi olu Leu-i.duic. m oirici to enable
them peaceably to piotcct !heiii-"'lv'es aiam -t the wi 01121 :
evidently contemplated by the adoption oi this constitu-
tion. "
Again, in the same address, lie says:
"Iteeent events have shown that their appu-hen-ions
V-Ciewell founded. Enoinious t'l.lurid have lice u peipc-
tiated ai the precincts of Oxfoid, Sliaivnce, and Kiekapoo;
and It may well be believed thai this rcsuit was actual,y
designed "bv the aitfnl leaders who devised the plan and
fiaineivoik'oi the Lecompton constitution.>'
And now, through these means, and such agen-
cies, a constitution is presented for our approval,
establishing slavery in its largest extent; and the
anomaly is presented of Congress, being urged
by the Kxecutive, to place Kansas in the Union as
a State under a constitution which a large major-
ity of the people detest and abhor, and with their
Delegate in Cougiess, elected upon that issue by
a majority of some five thousand free-State votes,
opposing her admission; and, also, with a known
majority of at least four to one of her people pro-
tes'tiH" that the constitution presented is not their
act, or the embodiment of their will.
But, Mr. Chairman, there are other consider-
ations' that commend themselves more properly
to the discretionary power of Congress; I mean
 he effect uoon the rights and interests of the peo-
ple oi' the United States by the admission of Kan-
sas as a slave State. The interest that we all have
i-iY.i'e character, growth, and prosperity of all
new States, is a matter of no ordinary import.
Our interest m the future of that ferritory em-
b"iced wit!.in the limits of the proposed State ot
Kansas is in no wire diminished by the matu-
ration of a State government tnercHl. It is yet oui
domain; it is to bo peopled by emigrants from i|
among us, and of us; it is to be the home (I hope |j
and trust the happy home) of our children and '
our friends. Their interest will be our interest;
their destiny should be our destiny. |
The people North and South, East and West, j
have the same equal, joint interest in all the Ter-
ritories; in all the wealth, fame, and glory, of our
common Republic; and, sir, it is our equal duty j
to maintain its honor and to perpetuate its power. I
And any act inconsistent with the rights of the !
people of any part or portion of our common ;
country, either North or South, is a wrong and j
aggression that should not be tolerated or per- i
m it ted. And, unless we can enjoy equally and ;
mutually the benefits of our common country, and j
the purchase of our common treasure, we shall ;
have failed in one of the great objects of our Union;
and I feel bound, by a sense of duty to our com- 1
irion country, to oppose, as best I may, any meas- j
ure that will lead to such consequences. _ _ ]
The equal enjoyment of the right of emigration j
to the Territories and new States is one of the im-
portant features of our system of government; and <
any element introduced into the organic act of a :
Territory or new State in derogation of such prm- |
ciple is subversive of an important element of our j
institutions. And for this reason, if for no other, j
I should feel compelled to oppose the introduction
of Kansas as a slave State.
Prohibit slavery, and the laboring masses of j
the North and South, of the teeming East and the 1
growing West, enter that country on exact and ;
certain equality. The reward of honorable toil,
the great avenue to wealth and power in our free
government, is secured to all alike. The emigrants
from every part of the extended Confederacy meet
in Kansas, then, upon that high equality that
American freemen alone can appreciate. With
that element of wealth—fiee labor, undebased—■
they become, in fact, lords of the soil, peers of
the land. Their houses reared by the industry
of their own hand, are consecrated as fitting hab-
itations of those in whose hands are intrusted the
destinies of this Republic. Yea, sir, the rich. the
wealthy, of the North and South, can.alike enjoy
the fruits and participate in the advantages of the
new State. I grant you the southern planter can-
not take with him his slaves—slavery is an insti-
tution of his State—nor can he remove his plan-
tation and cotton fields; but he can enjoy there
the profits that both pi oduce, where one is located j
and the other tolerated. Equally so with the ^
capitalist of the free States. The incorporations ,
itiJwhich arc invested his wealth, nnd which re-
quire his supervision, are institutions of the State 1
in which he lives. I lis milk, his manufactories,
and lus wheat iteiJ^, are lea! in their character,
and he can only enjoy i,i Kansas the profits they
may return where they are situate; but each may
take with htm the same kind of property, the
same elements of wealth and happiness, to lus new
home.
Here then, again, is found a perfect equality of
rights and privileges; and more than this should
not be, asked. It was upon this principle that the
fathers of the Renublie, in 1787—when twelve of
the thirteen State's of the Confederacy were slave
States, with a full knowledge of the effects of the
institution of slavery upon the country, politically
and socially—m preparing for settlement and oc-
cupation by their own people, inaugurated the
first free territorial government tn America; em-
bracing all that region now included within the
boundaries of five independent States of this
Union; and which now gives free, happy homes
to more than six million industrious, worthy,
and intelligent inhabitants. If the slaveholding
States were excluded from a participation ill tue
advantages of that new country,Jhey themselves
misjudged. The clear vision ol jeilerson ana Ins
compeers sawthe resultfromthe beginning.They
acted for the whole country; not tor Virginia, not
for Massachusetts, not for Georgia, not for flew
England, not for the South—but for the people of
the whole land; the toiling millions who had sus-
tained the Republic m her greatest need, and
fou-'ht her battles in her hour of pent.
Sir, I ask of gentlemen who ot our common
xcluded from that territory: IN one,
country was -  - c
sir; none. The sons and daughters of every
State, North, South, East and West, met oil her
rich plains, ami in h( r fertile valleys, witn equal
ml equal inteiesb; togUbir they dug , peipettuty.
the rich ores from the mountains, and built cities
on the plains; they worshiped at the same altar,
and sung the same song of gladness; they knew
but one emotion, one love of country and of home.
And whatever of calamity may befall our coun-
try, mark you well, sir, no power can sunder
the bonds of the early association of the kindred
hearts of that people. And this policy and like
results I would carry from the cold North to the
milder South; from the East to the shores of the
Pacific, wherever our territories extend. And is
there a man so blinded by prejudice, or seduced
by fanaticism, that with all these rich results be-
fore him, he regrets the policy of the Fathers ? But
establish slavery there, and you prevent and defeat
all this; you rob labor of its dignity by its contact
and conflict with debased, degraded slave labor.
Freemen of the North will not, cannot, in their na-
tures, in their pride of manhood, labor with and
beside slaves sold as cattle in the market. The
natural impulses of their natures spurn the con-
taminating influences of slavery. Free labor
thinks, acts,progresses, and improves. Slave labor is
denied thought; it is driven; corrupts and retro-
giades. Antagonistical in all their elements, they
cannot harmonize or commingle ;one must exclude
the other. And on the decision of the issue now
presented hangs the fate of this great clement of
American prosperity within the extended bound-
aries of the now State of Kansas. Shall, then,
the mighty tide of emigration from the free North,
that surges westward in its course, leaving States
in its track, be turned away from our public do-
main ? and new States in the vigorous growing
West, to the frozen regions of the North, and
surrender to degraded slaves the ferule fields of
our western possessions? To this, in the name
of my constituents, I answer, no.
But, Mr. Chairman, we want that new State
of Kansas for the abode of free white citizens.
The flow of emigration has, within a few years,
filled up Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, to repletion,
and spreading north, has planted out the States
of Michigan and Wisconsin. Overleaping the
broad Mississippi, Iowa springs to manhood,
and Minnesota feels the quick t.hrobbings of her
young strength; but at the Missouri river, the
dark form of slavery, in its hideous deformity,
lies across, and blocks up the way of its onward
march, demanding Kansas as its own. Missouri
contains a slave population of some hundred thou-
sand. Kansas may, and doubtless will, if a slave
State, have as many. Georgia numbers over three
hundred thousand slaves. May not Kansas, in
" chattels," thrive as well. And that number of
slaves in any State must, of necessity, exclude
the same number of free citizens. A hundred
1 thousand slaves will, beyond controversy, require
' and appropriate the same, or nearly the same,
amount of our teiritory that would a hundred
thousand free white citizens. Thus, sir, will com-
pote for the occupation of our public domain and
new States, the property of the South with the
freemen of the North. And in this manner will
bo turned away, of our population, from Kansas,
a number equal to the number of slaves intro-
duced—a system against which I protest, as un-
fair and degrading to the great laboring interest
of the country, and subversive of the principle of
individual and State equality. I would gladly
speak of the moral effect and political power or
slavery, but my time is nearly spent.
But, Mr. Chairman, what is to be the result of
the wild commotion that pervadesthe wbolccmm-
try ? We are told on the one hand, that to reiuse
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, will result in severing the bonds of
the Union, now strained to their utmost tension;
and, on the other hand, that to force that consti-
tution upon the people of Kansas will rouse that
wronged and injured people to the last resort
against oppression—revolution and rebellion, 1
regret to hear such predictions. I do not believe
that the integrity of the Government and the vir-
tue of the people are so nearly spent as to warrant
such apprehensions.
The dissolution of the Union has become a topic
that can be discussed and considered without ab-
horrence. The strange and unwelcome emotions
that, but n few years since,were aroused by a sug;
gestion of the possibility of the dismemberment
:;hts
of the Confederacy, hrve given place to a cool
and dispassionate calculation of the chances of its
Every breeze that rubles or cnales
