1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of con-
st* ucung a post office at the city of Columbus, Ohio.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. JEWETT. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions em-
ploy a competent clerk for the use of &aid committee, atthe
rate of four dollars a day.
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. I object to the res-
olution.
RICHARD B. ALEXANDER.
Mr. BURNETT introduced a bill for the relief
of Richard 13. Alexander, late a major in the first
Tennessee regiment, Mexican war; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill granting
pensions to the surviving officers, soldiers, and
marines engaged in the military and naval service
of the United States, prior to the 1st day of July,
1818, and to the widows of such as are deceased;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to that bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the objection in time?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
gentleman did not make the objection until the
bill had been twice read. The objection, there-
fore, comes too late.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I could not under-
stand the nature of the bill until its title had been
twice read, and therefore could not make the ob-
jection sooner.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS or THE WAR OF 1RIQ.
Mr. SAVAGE. I desire to introduce a bill .
granting pensions to the officers and soldiers of
the war with Great Britain of 1812, and those
engaged in Indian wars during that period.
Mr. FENTON. I object-.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. READY introduced a bill to establish a
post route from Franklin, in Wilkinson county,
.Tennessee, to Charlotte, in Dickson county, Ten-
nessee; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
BRANCH MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER introduced a bill for the
establishment of a branch military academy at
the Hermitage; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
SAMUEL YvTINN.
Mr. ATKINS introduced a bill for the relief of
Samuel Winn, only surviving child of General
Richard Winn, a revolutionary oiiicer; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
MARY A. M. JONES.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, introduced a bill
granting a pension to Mary A. M. Jones; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
JESSE W. PAIGE, JR.
Mr. AVERY introduced a bill for the relief of
Jesse W. Paige, jr., of the State of Tennessee;
which was read n first and secpnd time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAY OF CLERKS Op UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to iuquire into the expediency and propriety of in-
creasing the compensation now allowed to the cleiksof the
circuit and district courts, and to report by bill oi other-
wise.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object, for the reason that
the gentleman has already offered one bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is that objection tenable ?
This is the first resolution I have submitted. I
offered a bill when I was last up.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is objected to;
and, under the order of the House, it cannot be
entertained. The order of the House is that only
such resolutions as are not objected to shall be
received. i
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to suspend the rules,
j The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
i the motion at this time.
I LAKE MICHIGAN IMPROVEMENTS.
I Mr. COLFAX. I desire to introduce a bill
j making an appropriation for continuing the im-
j provement of the harbor of refuge at Michigan
: City, on Lake Michigan, and for the construction
: of a breakwater thereat.
! Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
| BENJAMIN SAYRE.
i Mr. PETTIT introduced a bill, in pursuance of
: previous notice, for the relief of Benjamin Sayre;
; which was read a first and second time, and re-
j ferred to the Committee of Claims.
| SALE OF FORT SNELLING.
I Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I send up to the
! Clprk's desk, and ask the House to adopt, the
! following resolution:
j Resolved, That a committee of five members be appointed
by the Speaker, to investigate all the I acts and circum-
stances connected with the sale of the military reservation
at Fort Snclhng, the manner m which said sale was made,
: to whom made, the consideration paid., the terms of pay-
ment, whether the price paid or agreed to be paid was ade-
quate or not, and whether the said reserve, at the time of
said sale, was longer wanted for the public service; and
that said committee have power to send for persons and
papers, and to administer oaths to witnesses.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. SMITII, of Illinois. I give notice, then,
thatl will, as soon as the call of the States for
resolutions is completed, move to suspend the
rules to enable me to offer the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman will move to
refer the matter to one of the standing commit-
tees I will not object.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the investigation will
be made, and that it will be made by one of the
standing committees of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Missouri will not object.
Mr.'PHELPS. I do not object to the investi-
gation. I object to the raising of a select com-
mittee.
Mr. FAULKNER. We hope there will be no
objection. We demand the investigation, if it is
asked for by any man in this House. I hope it
will be made in the manner m which the gentle-
man asks it. ~
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I simply wish to say
that I do not wish to be a member of that com-
mittee, and decline most emphatically being its
chairman.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that he should amend his i
resolution so as to give the committee the power
to report at any time.
Mr. WASHBURJXE, of Illinois. That is im-
plied.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope my colleague [Mr.
Phillips] will withdraw that suggestion. I do
not like to have any lion in the path of business
here. We might as well have the Committee on
Public Lands making their reports all the time.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. 1 accept the amend-
ment.
The resolution as modified was then adopted.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in pursuance
of previous notice, introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled {'An act for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses;" which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
QUINCY CUSTOM-HOUSE AND POST OFFICE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced a bill to provide for the
erection of a building in the city of Ctuincy, in the
State of Illinois, for a custom-house and post of-
fice; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
bill should go to the Committee on Commerce. 1
make that motion.
Mr. LETCHER. Is there a port of entry or
delivery there ? j
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope my col- J
league will not insist on his motion. 1
M r. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well,
I will withdraw it.
LEONARD LOOMIS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced a bill to amend an act en-
titled "An act for the relief of Leonard Loomis,"
approved June 28, 1838; which was read a first
ana second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions. • ;
DEPOSITS IN THE TREASURIES.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to introduce a bill
to authorize the deposit of gold and silver coin,
bullion, and gold dust, in the Treasuries therein
named, and the issuance of certificates therefor,
convenient for use and circulation.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection, when I say to him that
there is nothing in that bill which points towards a
bank, of any character whatever. It merely pro-
vides for authority to make deposits and have
certificates issued therefor which may go into cir-
culation. I hope the gentleman will withdraw his
objection, and allow the bill to go to the com-
mittee.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
Debate is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to reply to the
gentleman, but I shall be called to order if 1 do so.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
UNITED STATES COURTS AT PEORIA.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill to authox-ize
the holding of terms of the circuit and district
courts of the United States at the city of Peoria;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REBELLION IN UTAH.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, asked leave to in-
troduce a bill to suppress rebellion in the Terri-
tory of Utah.
Sir. KEITT objected.
PROPERTY LOST IN THE PUBLIC SERVICE.
Mr. PHELPS introduced a bill to amend the
act entitled " An act to provide for the payment
for horses and other property lost or destroyed
in the military service of the United States,"ap-
proved March 3, 1849; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
j POST ROUTES IN MISSOURI.
| Mr. PHELPS submitted the following resolu-
j tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
■ Resolved, That Hie Committee on the Tost Office and
I Post Road.- be, and arc hereby, instructed to inquire into the
: expediency of establishing a po -t road from Greenfield and
; Lamar, m the State of Missomi, to Fort Scott, in Kansas
Territory. Also, a post road from Vienna to Tuscumbia,
in tlie Slate of MiSbouii.
j OVERLAND MAIL TO CALIFORNIA.
I Mr. BLAIR. I ask leave to introduce a bill to
j authorize the contractors for carrying the over-
! land mail from the Mississippi river to San Fran-
cisco, under the act of Congress approved the 3d
' of March, 1857, to adopt any route they may se-
lect to carry the same upon; and that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BLAIR. The only objection I have to
that motion is that it will delay action on the bill.
: The SPEAKER. The question under the rules
} will be, first on the motion to refer to the Com-
; mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 accept the gentleman's motion
as a modification of my own.
! The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Koads.
REBELLION IN UTAH.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I understand that
the gentleman who objected to the introduction
of my bill, is willing to withdraw his objection,
and let it be referred.
Mr. KEITT. I withdraw my objection for
that purpose.
Mr. STANTON. The title of the bill is to
suppress rebellion in Utah. That subject has al-
ready been properly referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and they can originate what-
ever measure they please. I renew the objection.
