1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
35th Cong....1st Se
iSS*
Admission of Kansas-
Taylor.
Ho. OF Reps.
existed within her limits, and, although that was
the only ground of objection, the point on which
the battle was fought, it was boldly declared, by
some of the greatest men that toot part against
her admission in that controversy, that the real
contest then was one for political power. That
was the declaration made by Rufus King in the
various discussions to which the admission of
Missouri gave rise in Congress. And is there a
man, " with discourse of reason," who does not
know that that has been the real «ause of every
contest of the same kind with respect to our Ter-
ritories since that day ?
Now, Mr. Chairman,there has been a great deal
said in reference to the future, it has been as-
serted that, in the progress of the nation, by its
advances in population at the North, the South is
to be overwhelmed. It lms been asserted that the
slave States are to be placed at disadvantage, and
are hereafter to cease to have any influence'in the
direction of the policy of thy General Government
—to have any voice in the ordenng of its affairs.
It is attempted to be shown that that is so, by pre-
tending that there is an antagonism between free
and slave labor; and that, because of that antag-
onism, the slave States of the South will continue
to advance at a slow pace, under the quiet influ-
ences of a peaceful, unambitious, contented in-
dustry; while the northern poi tions of the United
States aie huirying on with the strides of agiant,
who feels the first mad impulses awakened in his
bosom by the dawning consciousness of his just-
developed physical strength. The gentlemen who !
take that view—and certainly the immediate past !
justifies them in some degree in looking forward
to such results—have gone further, and have as- 1
serted that this difference m the progress of the j
two portions of the United States grows out of j
the fact that man swells to his full proportions ■
only where there is no slavery; that free labor !
is ennobling on free soil alone; and that where j
slavery exists, as m the South, there labor ceases j
to be honorable, ana a deadly blight falls upon }
the free man who lives in its shadow.
Mr. Chairman, if we maybe permitted to judge J
of the designs of men from their acts, as displayed
by a long course of conduct in one direction, I
think that I might, with great propriety, venture
to assert that it is the single aim of those who are
now, and have long been, at the head of the Re-
publican organization—who direct and control all
Ks movements, who give shape and complexion
to all their schemes of party policy—to divide the
people of the United States into two great sec-
tional parties; to alienate the men of the North
from the men of the South, by every art familiar
to the demagogue. And why ? For what pur-
pose? I will tell you, sir. it is with the design
of breaking the boudn that have hitherto holden
together those men, no matter where found, who
have acted together tlnoughout the length and
breadth of this mighty nation, for the purpose
of carrying on the national Government with a
single eye to the puUio good, and to the. entire
exclusion of all those influences which arc perpet-
ually struggling toexercisc the powers of govern- I
ment to advance the interests of individuals or ,
of particular classes, at the expense of the great j
masses of their feilow-meii. 1
And how, .sir, do these men prosecute their un- ! I
hallowed enterprise? What are the means which
they employ to accomplish their unholy purpose ? >
Why, they are perpetually engaged in making the ;
most wanton, the most malignant, assaults upon I
the institutions of the South, in glorifying the |
favored Novrh, and holding up what they call the .
slow progress of the South, and contrasting it j
with the wonderful, the unexampled advances of j
the North, of late yeaus,m population, public im-
provements, and wealth. And why is this? It ,
is with the intent and design of humiliating the ,j
people of tlie South, by keeping the fact con- jj
stantly before their eyes that they have been out- is
stripped in the race for physical power and mate- '
rial wealth by their more fortunate brethren, and !i
filling the people of the North with a lofty pride, jj
an overweening self-gloiy, which alone disposes ■
men to engage in that^ career of injustice and op- ;
pression towards their fellow-men, which these }
leaders have long been planning in secret, and ;
which their hothaste to enjoy has now made them [.
disclose before the time for their succec3 had fully j
ripened. And besides this, these men are also
engaged in filling their greedy followers, who hun-
ger and thirst after the spoils of office, with the
expectation that they must soon expel their op-
ponents from the high places of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and enter into their permanent posses-
sion; bccause, say they, the hostility to the South
which they have already succeeded in exciting by
their arts, will continue to increase in the North,
so as to make any further union of the Democrats
of the North with those of the South impossible.
Yes, sir, and these men even go further; they do
not hesitate to assert that no more slave States can
come into the Union, and that this feeling of hos-
tility to the South will necessarily pervade the
populations of all of the new States which must
at no distant day be admitted.
Now, for one, I take an entirely different view
in regard to these matters; and 1 think that ail
experience will satisfy any one that chooses to
refer to the past and to look to the future, that
there is a grave error lying at the bottom of all
these assertions It is true, Mr. Chairman, that
at this time the North is advancing at a wonder-
ful rate. She is increasing in population. She is
increasing in wealth in an unexampled manner.
She is increasing so rapidly, that the progress of
the South, great though it is, seems to be want
of motion. These gentlemen say that this differ-
ence grows out of the existence of free labor on
one side, and of slavery on the other. To some
extent, that, undoubtedly, has a connection with
the relative progress of the two portions of the
United States. But that conncction grows out of
its accidental effect in turning aside to some de-
gree the streams of emigration which have flowed
into the country for more than half a century,
and not of anything in the nature or necessary
effects of slavery itself as an existing institution.
It is in that way, and in that way alone, that sla-
very has produced any effect in preventing the
growth of the South.
When we look back at the past we see that up
to the period when the political societies of Eu-
rope were so much disturbed and upheaved by
popular commotions that great numbers of then-
people were compelled to emigrate, the progress
of the South in population and in material wealth
was more rapid than that of the North. But after
civil commotions had disturbed the whole frame-
work of society in Europe, there grew up that feel-
ing of uneasiness whicji induced multitudes to flee
from sccnes of strife and carnage; to flee from scenes
of distiess; to flee from those countries that were
to become the scats of war and of civil strife. And,
as a matter of course, as all these disturbances
took place in a northern climate, the population
thus disturbed flowed into the northern portion of
the United States, because it possessed the climate
congenial to them and because there those pur-
suits with which they werefaniiliarwerc followed.
Scarcely any emigration tended to the South, and
the progress which the South has made has grown
out of the natural increase of her people and their
steady prosecution of industrial pursuits. The
North has been swollen by this mighty tide which
has flowed in for half a century becau.se of the po-
litical disturbances* which have agitated the Old
World, and which will now continue to flow on
until the populations of the two hemispheres are
equalized.
But, Mr. Chairman, our northern brethren
should not exult because of the glory of their pres-
ent situation. It is necessary for the statesman
to look to the past and the future, as well as to
the present. And he fails in his duty to the pub-
lic, if he Jimits his view to the. circumstances I
which immediately surround him, when he id
about to determine upon the proper policy of a
people—upon his course of conduct—because it
is not what will suit to-day, but what will suit
all future time, that ought to guide him when
engaged in devising and establishing on a solid
foundation the policy that is to govern mighty
nations like this. Now, sir, whilst the northern
States are in their present situation, whilst we
have an immense national domain which is still
unoccupied, labor will be honorable at the North-,
the man who labors, and earns his bread in the
sweat of his brow, will be clothed in all the dig-
nity of his nature. "But am i to be told that that
state of things which now exists in the North is
to continue through the unlimited future? Mr.
Chairman, the institutions of civil society which
exist throughout the whole North are precisely
the institutions of civil society which exist in
England and France, which occupy a great por-
tion of Europe, and pervade and control many of
the nations of Asia. And what is the spectacle,
there presented ? Wherever population is dense,
wherever the soil is fully occupied, everywhere,
turn your gaze where you please, you will find
that capital has the mastery over labor; you will
find thaf when those institutions operate upon
freemen without let or hinderance until they have
worked out and produced their final results, cap-
ital at last centers in a few hands, and it is the
I lot of the many to toil to swell the fortunes and
| minister to the enjoyments and luxuries of the
i few. Let us for one moment look at the position
\ of Great Britain, and what do we see there? In
l the works of theirgreat political writers who have
| looked at the relations between the members of
j the different classes of their society, what is the
j principle which is enunciated, and which allexpe-
1 rience shows to lie at the foundation and to be the
very basis, the substratum, of their whole 'social
fabric? Nothing but this dreary, this dreadful,
this unhappy truth, that in all crowded commu-
nities the sole recompense for labor is the means
of living. In GreatBritain you will find that that
state of society which is founded upon institu-
tions such as exist throughout the North, prose-
( cuted through a series of years, when the people
| were m the possession and enjoyment of as much
i individual liberty as has ever fallen to the lot of
any people that ever flourished upon this earth,
has terminated in concentrating the soil in the
hands of thirty thousand landholders, and has
I had the effect of producing a state of things in
; which ninety-five hundredths of the whole mass
| of the people that live and breathe and have their
! being within that mighty empire are but mere
hewers of wood and drawers of water to their
happier brethren who are in the possession of
; capital. By referring to their statistics, you will
find that whenever any agitation takes place in
the political world which has the effect of dis-
1 turbing in the slightest degree the operations of
trade, not thousands or hundreds of thousands,
but millions of men arc deprived of employment;
and that they and their families have to suffer the
pangs of hunger, and to pine and perish from
want. Want m the midst of countless wealth-—
famine in the midst of piles and heaps of surplus
food, owned and denied to their necessities by
capital.
JSfow, sir, I have before me a statement, taken
from a recent English work, giving details in re-
lotion to the history of their poor-laws; which
shows that the public burden imposed upon the
people of England and Wales alone, when they
numbered but 9,000,000, amounted to the sum of
; $20,000,000 a year for the support of thei r paupers.
1 And it appears from the same work that, when
their number had augmented to 11,000,000 m 1818,
. these contributions amounted to the enormous sum
! of *£9*500,000, or nearly fifty million dollars; and
you will find further, by reference to these fearful
statistics, that in- England, that seat of philan-
thropy—England, which has been engaged m this
crusude against southern institutions—England,
which has been the stimulator of our northern
brethren to engage in warfare upon us—in Eng-
, land, with a population of about 15,000,000, in
1840 1,200,000 persons were supported by the
hand of public charity; that in 1841 there were
: nearly J ,300,000; and that in 1842the number had
swelled to 1,500,000.
i But when you turn to Ireland—unhappy Ire-
1 land! — what js tho spectacle presented there?
. When political difficulties, when commercial dif-
| fir.uities disturb industry, she always suffers: but
1 when, in addition to these causes, Nature with-
holds her kindly influence, and there is a partial
' failure of the crops, Ireland, unhappy, downtrod-
den Ireland, always suffeis almost beyond the
limits of human endurance. What, sir, has be-
fallen Ireland within our own day? 1 refer the
House to the details given—and they are of a
character to move the heart of any man—in the
work of Sir George Nichols on the history of the
poor-laws of Ireland. It will be found, that be-
cause of the destitution following on the failure of
