1270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
the political elements of the country induces a
threat of dissolution, or a desire for its accom-
plishment. Sir, I hope we may not familiarize
ourselves with that suggestion until its enormity
will arise to startle as; and I adjure gentlemen to
seek some other remedy for their real or imagi-
nary wrongs. I cannot, nay, I will not, believ§
that we are in danger of that great calamity. The
tenure of our Union is not so frail that the refusal
to extend human bondage v?ill work its ruin; nor
will the oppression and the utter disregard of the
dearest rights of our fellow-citizens Of Kansas
cement its power. Its attributes are humanity
and justice. And when they fail, then,.sir, you
may fear the mutterings of the gathering storm.
Then the fip«s that bum upon our altars will grow
dim, and the spirits of the heroic past will have
withdrawn fieom their watchings over our coun-
cils. But if, in the providence of God, that hour
shall come, we have then but one duty to per-
form; and, sir, that is to be true to freedom, jus-
tice,and humanity, regardless of consequences,
and trust the future of our country to the guidance
of that Power that out of the gloom of the Revo-
lution produced the star of its destiny.
But I will indulge in no forebodings of evil.
The threats that are made here and elsewhere,
?ass me as the idle wind. I believe, yea, 1 think
know, that the great mass of the people are true
to the Union, and unseduced from their attach-
ments to its institutions. And there, sir, is my
hope and confidence in its perpetuity.
Mr. SINGLETON. Mr. Chairman, did I not
feel thatmysilenceuponthe question of admitting
Kansas as a State into the Union under the Le-
compton constitution might be misconstrued, and
that it might be supposed that I was indifferent
as to the result of the struggle now going on in
this House, I should leave the discussion of the
subject entirely to others. But the question in-
volves too much of interest to the whole country,
and especially to the South, to allow mo to hazard
anything by consulting my own personal com-
fort. Indeed, sir, I should feel that I had been
recreant to my trust, did I not raise my voice,
however impotent, m advocacy of the great prin-
ciple of non-intervention; and did I not repel the
numerous assaults which have been made in the
course of this debate, upon the South and her in-
stitutions.
The question as presented for our consideration
is a plain and simple one, and did we but confine
ourselves to the real issue, would be one easy of
solution. Shall Kansas be admitted as a State
into the Union under the Lecomptonconstitution?
As statesmen we should examine this question in
the light of the Federal Constitution, and the gen-
eral scope of our powers under it. We should
come to our determination unbiased by any sec-
tional interests; uninfluenced by any preconceived
opinions as to the social or moral aspect of so-
ciety in that Territory, and unalterably fixed in
our purpose to do our whole duty, leaving con-
sequences to take care of themselves. Principle,
precedent, and patriotism might be marshaled
as aids in the examination of the question; but
prejudice, passion, and fanaticism should play no
part in it. The nature of the question itself, the
state of public sentiment in the country, the peace
of society, the harmony of the States, and it may
be, the perpetuity of the Union demand such a
course. And yet, sir, members forgetting these
solemn duties and obligations, over-stepping the
limits of fair and legitimate debate, have made
war, not only in this Territory, but in fifteen States
of this Union,upon the institution of slavery,and
the right of slave owners to their property. Scarce-
ly a speech has been made in opposition to the bill
that has not gone into the question of slavery, in
a moral, social, and political point of view, and
that has not made this the great turning point of
the argument, the very pivot upon which the
whole opposition hinges. We have been told
again and again, that this opposition would never
eease until this slavery clause was stricken out,
though it should receive at the ballot-box the sanc-
tion and indorsement of every voter in Kansas
We have been assured that the tiat has gone forth,
that no more slave States are to enter this Con-
federacy, in all coming time.
It matters not that a few who still call them-
selves Democrats, attempt to place their opposi-
tion upon othei grounds, and call off our attention
from the main p^ir.t cf attack. It matters not that
they profess to separate themselves from the body
of this abolition army, and fortify themselves be-
hind some mud redoubts, in one quarter firing at
us with the hope of engaging our attention, while
these sappers and miners are pushing forward
their insidious operations at another point. As
friends of the measure, we are not to be drawn
off by sueh a feint; and, while it would afford us
pleasure to dislodge these deserters from their
hiding places, and show them that they have even
less than a fig leaf to cover their nakedness, yet
every consideration of prudence, of self-preser-
vation, requires that our small arms,and ourgreat
I arms, should be turned against the main body of
their forces; submitting, for the time being, to
the annoyances of these pseudo-Democrats, and
leaving for a future day the settlement of accounts
with them. I therefore beg the indulgence of this
House, while I trace briefly, (bcfoie discussing
the Lecompton constitution,) the slavery agita-
tion, and the general course of the Abolition party,
from its inception down to the present time; be-
lieving, as I do, that a proper understanding of
this subject, and the events that have marked its
past history; a proper appreciation of our rights
springing out of the system, and the correlative
duties that attach to us as slaveholders, should be
impressed upon the mind of every citizen, who
may be called upon to act a responsible part in the.
thrilling drama that may soon open up before us.
For a quarter of a century, or more, almost the
only question which has disturbed our domestic
tranquillity, threatened the integrity of the Con-
stitution, and the stability of the Union, is that
of slavery. It is true that other questions have
arisen, which for a time seemed to portend fear-
ful consequences; but not partaking altogether of
a sectional character, notfounded in prejudice, or
poisoned by fanaticism; not constituting the cap-
ital in trade of those who live by agitation, and are
borne into place and power only when the storm
prevails; these questions, after being fully can-
vassed, have been settled to the satisfaction of
every portion of our country. Compromises have
sometimes been made as to other questions than
slavery, which, though not coming up to the full
measure of our rights under the Constitution, yet,
for the sake of peace and harmony among the
States, have been acquiesced in, and maintained
in good faith. The South has sometimes felt that
heavy exactions were laid upon her; that hard
terms were imposed; that compacts had been en-
tered into that would have been " more honored
in the breach than in the observance;" and yet,
sir, her pledges have been redeemed; her prom-
ises have been fulfilled; her obligations have been
maintained inviolate.
Slavery, too, has been the subject of compro-
mise. Although, so far as the power of the Fed-
eral Government over the question, is concerned,
nothing is left to doubt or implication. A few
plain provisions in the Constitution point out its
limited jurisdiction over the subject, and its con-
nection with it; yet pledges, outside of any just
claim to intervention, on the part of the Govern-
ment, have been given and received. Eights,which
our enemies affected to consider doubtful, have
been surrendered, fora recognition of others, the
existence of which common honesty should blush
to deny. But these compromises, however delib-
erately entered into; these pledges, however sol-
emnly given; have constituted no barrier against
insult, innovation, and injury, on the part of our
enemies, who seem determined to consummate
their purpose of abolishing slavery; though com-
promises fall, though pledges be broken, and
though the Constitution and the Union them-
selves perish in the conflict.
When the original Thirteen Colonies made their
Declaration of Independence, in 177U, slavery was
one of the domestic institutions in all of them.
And when the Federal Constitution was adopted
in 1789, it still existed in all except Massachusetts.
It is well known to all of us, that the most diffi-
cult subject of adjustment in the convention which
formed that Constitution, was the slavery ques-
tion. After long debate, and patriotic effort, the
few plain provisions contained in that instrument
touching the subject were agreed upon as follows:
First, the principle, that in adjusting taxation and
representation, live slaves should be considered as j
three white persons; secondly, that slaves esca- >
ping into free-States should not thereby be dis- j
chaiged from servitude, but should be dclireicd
up on claim of the party to whom their service
or labor was due; and thirdly, that Congress
should not prohibit the foreign slave trade before
the year 1808. And in the end, so completely did
the views of the framers of that Constitution har-
monize, that the two first provisions were adopted
by a unanimous vote, while the remaining one in
relation to the slave trade, was ingrafted upon the
Constitution, mainly by the votes of the north-
ern States, the South almost in a body voting
against it, declaring their preference that an end
should be put to this traffic at once. Thus it will
be seen that the North is responsible for all the
slaves imported into the United States from the
adoption of the Federal Constitution to the year
1808, a period of nearly twenty years. This course
was dictated by avarice, for at that time nearly all
the shipping belonging to citizens of the United
States was in the hands of northern men. Com-
merce was controlled by them, and the profits of
the slave trade went into their pockets; and hence
the opposition to interdicting this traffic as long as
it could be made a source of revenue to them.
I have said that these provisions touching the
question of slavery were plain and simple. So
thought the framers of that instrument. No dif-
ficulty seemed to grow out of their construction
while they were intrusted with the administration
of the Government; and were they occupying our
seats to-day, but one opinion would control every
mind, but one feeling animate every heart.
For thirty years after the adoption of that Con-
stitution, with an occasional interruption, the
South received the measure of her rights under it
so far as slavery was concerned; and it was not
until Missouri asked to be admitted as a State into
the Union, in 1819, that this fanatical anti-slavery
spirit seemed to stand forth in all its giant pro-
portions. The people of the Missouri Territory,
impressed with the reasonable opinion that this
Territory, being the common property of all the
States, open to occupation and settlement alike by
the citizens of each, who could carry with them
any species of property which they held in the
State from which they emigrated, and having au-
thority of law to erect themselves into a State,
regulating their domestic institutions in their own
way, framed their constitution with Republican
features spreading over every page of it. That
constitution was presented to Congress for action
upon it; and, strange to say, so rapidly had this
fanatical spirit of abolitionism spread through the
North, that Representatives opposed her admis-
sion upon the miserable and paltry ground tha,t
she had incorporated into her fundamental law a
clause tolerating slavery, an institution that ex-
isted in every colony at the time of the Declara-
tion of Independence, and in every State, save one,
at the time of the adoption of the Federal Consti-
tution. Whata reflection was their conduct upon
the memory of those good men who, thirty years
before, were not ashamed to give guarantees for
the protection of this species of property even by
constitutional sanction. What a poor return of
gratitude was this for the sacrifices which they
had made in money expended, hardships endured,
and blood freely poured out, to build up for us
our present system of Government! It is well their
spirits are not disturbed by the degeneracy of the
times. It is well they are beyond the reach of
cowardly knaves and canting hypocrites, lest they
should be despoiled of their well-earned honors,
and their names given over to infamy, because
they dared to make the Constitution under which
we live.
I will not go into a history of the contest over
the Missouri constitution. It is humiliating to my
pride to contemplate the events of that struggle.
Had I the power, I would, for the honor of my
own section, forever blot out the ; age which
perpetuates the history of wrongs ignominiously
submitted to, surrenders inglorious!/ made, to
appease the rapacious appetite of that treasonable
Abolition party. Thanks to the Supreme Court
of the United States, that highest and best tribunal
known to the land, that, by its decision, it has
wiped out, as far as it could do, the disgrace which
that surrender of our rights stamped upon us. Mis-
souri came in as a State, however, with the con-
stitution she had formed, the South, in consider-
ation thereof, having forever parted with the right
to take slaves into one half of the common terri-
tory—that portion lying north of 30° 30'—merely
reserving the privilege, already belonging to her,
