232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
of Kansas—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. or Reps.
the potato crpp in 3 845 and 1846, a great portion
of her total population, then exceeding eight mil-
lions, were dependent on the Government for the
meansbf escape from starvation. "In July, 1847,"
saVsthis wri'tgf, "the system [of.extraordinary
relief] reached* its highest point, and 3,020;712
pfersons tHen received separate rations, of which
2,265,534 wete adults,and 755,178 were children!"
' Ifl 1848, we: learn from the same writer that
3,04$,0f)0 persons were relieved from the pressure
of famine; and that, in 1849, the number had in-
creased to 2,142,766. "WhatNa sad, what an afflict-
ing spectacle! A free people, in possession of one
Of the most fruitful countries that'the sun shines
on in his dcuiy round, a population as industrious
as any the world ever saw, and in the full enjoy-
ment of that inestimable privilege, the unlimited
right of disposing of their labor at their own will
and pleasure, were subjected, during the course
of more than three years, " to all the ills that flesh
is'he'ir to." Yes, sir, during the whole of that
time they suffered from famine, from pestilence,
engendered by want of food, from all the evils
which necessarily overwhelm the toiling millions
of mankind, no matter how free they are, when
overtaken by circumstances like those referred to.
And'then, sir, they perish away from the very
face of their native earth, in the presence of their
usual employers, because to them has been ap-
plied, the principle of that state of society—that
" the recompenseforlaboris the means of living"
—and tliat inexorable rule which goes along with
this principle—that nothing is due from capital to
the laborer but in exchange for his labor. Who
can realize all this without shuddering at the mere
thought of the agony which wrung the hearts of
that free but suffering people? Why, sir, in,that
time of calamity, nearly one entire fourth of the
free sons of Ireland sunk into the grave. The
fearful statistics are here. The population, in
1841, amounted to 8,175,000; in 1851, the popu-
lation had fallen to 6,500,000. The census com-
missioners, in their report on that subject—which
is quoted in the work referred to—say, after stat-
ing that the number who had perished amounted
to 1,623,739: -
" JJut this being; meiely the difference between the number
of the people in 1811 and 1^51, without making any allow-
ance for a natural and ordinal y increase of population, con-
veys but very inadequately the etfoet of the visitation of
famine and pestilcnce." * * * * "We find
that the population of the 30th of March, 18.")!, would juob-
ablyhavc numbered 9,018,790, instead of6.5J22,385} and that,
consequently, the loss of population, between 1841 and 18 >1,
may be computed at the enormous uuiouut of 2,'IUG,414 per-
sons."
What is the position of Franco? 1 have before
me a statement contained in a work which ought
to be good authority, as it was dedicated to a gen-
tleman who was at the head of this movement
which aims to strike ac southern institutions, and
for years the head of the British Government—
Sir Robert Peel. It is a book published m 1844,
and the writer of that work, which was then pub-
lished in London, and is to be found in our Cnn-
freasional Library, examines the condition of
Vance.
It is stated in this work that France, at that time,
contained above 34,400,000 inhabitants who were
disseminated over the country; not as in England,
congregated at many points in large masses.
This population, exclusive of 1,855,000, who
were said to be paupers, was then divided into
classes, a3 shown in the following tabic, which
will be found on page 91:
Masters, S,'c, Servants, JVorhmen.
Agriculturists l,;$4,000 lt5.840.000
Tradesmen 1,16^,000 fi,8l$,000
Manufacturer^,  '764,000 S,4*26j()U0
Total   3,330,000 26,084,000
And the writer of this work goes on to remark
that—
" The result of this subdivision is thai the three classes
are now reduced to two. The fiist, composed of 3,3-26,1)01),
devoting their capital, and their intelligence to the pursuit
of agriculture and industry, are, m some sort, independent.
The second, amounting to 26,084,000, have no other capi-
tal than their bodily suengthrvvhich thev let on hire to those
who compose the first. This is the working class, owing
their daily bread to their daily labor, and precluded, by their
poverty and their occupation, from all participation in mil- !
nicipal or political action. Add to them the poor, the indi- '
gent, estimated at 1 ,855,000,and we have a total of ;>7,853,000 ■
individuals completely shut out from civic life j in one word, j
the Fieneh Hoists." '
And now let us turn to still another country
which displays the workings of the ordinary in-
stitutions of civil society, when existing in the
midst of denser masses than are anywhere met
with in European countries, which are in the legal
enjoyment of the most unrestricted, unlimited
freedom. Let us -glance at China, one of the
largest empires which ever existed upon the face
of the earth. What is the spectacle presented
there? I hold in my hand a paper which I have
transcribed from the recent work of the Abbe Hue.
I read his words:
" At all epochs, and in the best governed countries, there
always has been, and there always will be, poor; but un-
questionably there can be found in no other country such a
depth of disastrous poverty as in the Celestial empire. Not
a year parses in which a terrific numbei of pet&ou.s do not
perish of famine in some pait or other of Ohma; and the
multitude of those who live from day to day is incalculable.
Let a drought, or an inundation, or any accident whatever,
occui to injure the harvest in a single province, and two
thirds of the population are immediately reduced to a state
of starvation. You see them forming themselves into nu-
merous bands—perfect armies of beggars—and proceeding
together, men, women, and children, to seek in the towns
and villages for some little nourishment, &c. Many fall
down fainimg by the wayside anddie before they can icach
the place where they had hoped to find help. You  ee their
bodies lying in thr> fields, and at the rood «ide ; and you pass
without taking much notice of them, so familiar is the hor-
rid spectacle."
" Why is it, then," it may be asked, " if com-
munities composed entirely of free men are sub-
jected to such terrible evils, elsewhere, by the
mere workings of the institutions which charac-
terize all civilized society, that they do not now
show themselves in the northern States?" The
answer, sir, is simple. The existence of a vast
public domain has hitherto prevented the devel-
velopment of the results necessarily growing out
of the social system now existing in the North.
When our western wilderness is peopled, when
population becomes dense within the limits of the
northern portions of the United States, then, I
say, the state of things which now exists in Eng-
land, the state of things which exists in France,
the state of things which exists in China, will
spring into existence there, because it is, sooner
or later, a necessary result of the existing condi-
tion of their social fabric. It grows out of an
absolute, an iron necessity, entailed upon all
crowded communities by the undisputed mastery
of capital over labor. And I would say to my
northern friends that if, instead of wasting their
time in carrying on an unjust warfare against their
brethren in the South, they were to direct their
energies to the investigation of the causes of this
state of things, and if they were to exert their in-
genuity for the purpose of devising some means
by which labor could be put upon a footing of
equality with capital, they would be doing the
world some service, and would deserve well of
their fellow-men through al! time. But they will
not attempt to do that, as long as they are war-
ring upon a state of society in which the dignity
of labor is now maintained, and in which alone it
always will be maintained.
in Europe, where all the people are nominally
free, the great and broad distinction which ob-
tains, is a distinction between those who have
capital and those who have none; between the
men of money, and those whose only capital is
th^ir " bone and muscle," their capacity to toil,
and who are dependant for the bluest means of
subsistence upon the employment which is fur-
nished to them by the men of money—those who
possess capital. No matter what may be a man's
worth; no matter what may be his moral quali-
ties; if his poverty compels him to discharge me-
nial offices, that man stands there in an inferior
position. And now,letmc ask my northern breth-
ren if thitf feature of European society is not dis-
playing itself among them ? Is not the man en-
gaged in the performance of menial services—is
not the man who labors for his daily bread, who
wins it day by day by honest toil, looked upon
to-day, in every northern city, in every northern
village, in every northern hamlet, as inferior to
their happier and more prosperous brethren ? Are
they not spoken of familiarly, most familiarly, as
belonging to the lower classes? I know it is so.
Sir, I honor labor with my whole heart; and my
bile has been deeply stirred there by the slights
which I have often seen the "curled darlings"
of fortune put upon their less favored brethren.
But this can never be in the frame-work of south-
ern society. Such can never be the state of things
in the frame-work of any society in which slavery
exists as it exists in the southern States, where a
different and an inferior race is subjected to thrall-
drom. There all menial offices are performed by
this inferior race. My northern brethren seem
to think that labor is without honor in the South.
1 say it is the only portion of the United States
where it receives due honor. In the South the
white man's labor is made use of, and it is as
successful as iris in the North. It is directed to
what is necessary. White men till their fields;
white men push the plane; white men work at
the anvil; they build our houses, and carry on all
the legitimate operations of mechanics. The
white man at the South is still a white man, and
belongs to the governing and superior class; and
no matter what may be his poverty, he is the peer
of his fellow-man. If you go beyond the confines
of our'soiuhern cities, in which the same vicious
state of society exists as is to be found in the
northern capitals, and in all European cities and
communities, you will find that our planters, the
men of the greatest fortunes and the largest cap-
itals, meet with their fellow white men, poor
though they be, though their days are passed in
honest toil, whether it be in the fields, or in the
work-shop, in our public meetings, and in our
public social entertainments, upon the footing of
the most perfect equality. I speak with knowl-
edge; I speak of scenes which have been presented
to my eyes day after day in my own State, in
my own neighborhood, in my own circle. In the
North those men would be spoken of as persons
belonging to the lower classes. At the South
they are high-minded, honorable men, with as
much claim to public consideration as he who
lives in the midst of luxury; who wields millions.
When I look to the future, I see fhat the day
will come when these evils which follow upon a
dense population of freemen living in that state
of society which exists in the western, the cen-
tral, and the southern portions of Europe—in all
Europe, indeed, except Russia—which exists in
rich, prosperous, and powerful England, will be
inflicted upon the North as the*mevitable conse-
quence of the prevalence of the principles neces-
sarily involved in the workings of their existing
social institutions. No such evils, however, can
ever afflict the South so long as that domestic in-
stitution which has provoked both European and
northern hostility for more than a quarter of a
century shall continue to exist among her people
as a part of their social organization. And why?
Because that class which makes up the masses of
mankind where population is dense, and whose
condition of complete and perfect dependence
upon the calls of capital, though the law declares
them to be absolutely free, whose common and
almost unchangeable destiny is so sadly yet elo-
quently told in the fearful sentence, " the recom-
pense of labor is the means of living"—that class,
I say, has no existence in her social system.
Wherever that necessity which knows no law
reduces the masses of free men, who are subjected
to the pressure and restraints of civil society in
the over-crowded communities of tho world,to be-
come the hewers of wood and the drawers of water
to their more prosperous brethren, they are inev-
itably oppressed, ground down, crushed, hope-
lessly, beneath the weight of the most dreary of
all despotisms—that of capital. When theunhappy
subjects of this despotism in free and enlightened
and philanthropic England, in joyous and heroic
France, in teeming China, have work, and are
able to work, they can only hope to barter their
daily toil for their daily bread; to exchange their
present labor for present subsistence; but when
there is no work for them, or they are unable to
work, no matter from what cause, what then?
Why, sir, they are left naked and helpless in the
stern gripe of that relentless, unpityingfoe, which
never, for one moment, ceases to keep close upon
their track—grim, remorseless, exterminating
want. But it js not so with the common laborer
of our social system m the South. The African,
the black slave who occupies that position there,
j is at lf ,iRt free, and always will be free, from the
' tyranny of capital. He makes a portion of cap-
ital. It uses him, it is true; but it also nourishes
and protects him, as well when there is no labor
