1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
of taking slaves to that portion of it lying south
of that hue. I never contemplate this so-called
compromise and the circumstances of its adop-
tion, but my thoughts turn to the highwayman,
who, with pistol pointed at the breast of me de-
fenseless traveler, whispers into his ear, " here is
a serious difficulty, suddenly sprung up. I desire
that it be amicably settled, and to our mutual
benefit. Just place in my hand your purse; I wdl
spare your life, and thus an honorable compromise
may be effected." The Abolition pnity of the
North, well satisfied with the result of this experi-
ment, seeing- how easy a matter it was to despoil
the South of her rights, retired, m the true spirit
of a Robin Hood, to bide its time, and watch an
occasion when another successful sally could be
made. Having wronged us, of course that party
became our enemy; for it seems to be one ot the
immutable laws of nature, that those we_injure
we come to hate and persecute. From this time
forward human ingenuity seemed to be upon the
rack to devise and execute plans to grieve and an-
noy us, and render unpleasant and insecure the
domestic relations of master and servant.
For the next thirty years wo were subjected to
every species of attack thatenvy and malice could
suggest; and thus the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives was converted into a sort of Pande-
monium, where the infernal orgies of this Aboli-
tion party were to be celebrated. Petitions for
the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, territory ceded by Maryland and Virginia to
the Government, as a common meeting giound
for the representatives of the nation, were crowd-
ed upon the attention of this body. Incendiary
documents were sought to be transmitted through
the mails to the South, the object of which was to
incite our slaves to insurrection and bloodshed.
The trade in slaves between the southern States
was to be interdicted, and the citizen emigrating
from one to the other was not to be allowed to
carry with him such property. The fugitive slave
law, enacted by Congiess in pursuance of the
Constitution, for the reclamation of those who
should escape from us into the free States, was
sought to be repealed, or if not repealed, was to
be resisted and abrogated by treachery and rebel-
lion. The Wilmot proviso, by_wliich we were
to be excluded from the Territories, the common
property of the States, was sought to be fastened
upon us. Florida and Texas were resisttd upon
their application foi admission as Stales into the
Union, because their constitutions tolaated sla-
very. Our negroes were seduced from our homey
and forced from.our possession when traveling
with them through the free States Our churches
were riven asunder, and we excluded from the
sacramental hoaul on accountofownmg the same
property t hat belonged to the framers ot the Con-
stitution: the pulpit, the press, the hustings were
all so many stand-points from whiMi they hurled
their poisoned shafts at us. A thousand other
grievances, were iniheteu upon us, which an hours'
Speech will nut allow mo to enumerate, but which,
if inflicted upon any foreign nation, would have
been just cause, for a declination of^war. \ et
these indignities have been borne, coming, as they
did, fiom those from whom wehau a right to ex-
pect better things, if not upon the s^ore of equal-
ity, at least upon tlie score ot interest, seeing that
we have been tributary to them, under our sys-
tem of tax laws, with no remunerating equiva-
lent.
Thus did matters go on from bad to worse, year
after year, until the Mexican campaign opened
in IblG: and our Army had been thrown into a
distant country, surrounded by an enemy of senri-
bai barian.s, and dependent entirely upon the home
i Miwrnment foreupph"s. in order to force up-m
South submission 10 their unjust demands, the
nroporulion to vote men and numey to prosecute
ihat war was sought to be encumbered by the
Wilmot proviso, or in other woi Js, by an amend-
ment declaring that all territory acquired in that
war should be forever closed against slavery, if
up to this time sufficient evidence had been want-
jji•f to piovo the hardening and corrupting mihi-
t s:'v of rsbulstion sentiment upon the human heart,
uerewas im-fu^ible proof upon that point. Our
Ann/ li the heart of an enemy's country, su->
t/oninCTj almost tYiiiMculousIy, our flag in hie midst
of pen If! and hardshn s such as have seldom fallen
to the lot of man; muking forced marches by day
and shepmj ''pon their eim; at ni;,hf) v. lm lew
of the necessaries, and none of the comforts of
even a military campaign; with plague, pestilence,
and famine pressing hard upon them. And yet,
sir, when an appropriation, out of the national
Treasury, is asked for, to feed, clothe, and rcm-
forcc them, it must be coupled with this infamous
amendment, and unless adopted all supplies are to
be withheld, and our gallant little band in Mexico
left to perish from hunger, or fall victims to the
superior force of a relentless foe. What an im-
mortality of infamy did the participators in this
scheme achieve for themselves! How deep and
indelibly is the brand of traitor stamped upon their
foreheads ! But patriotism and the good sense of
, the country prevailed; the war was conducted to
| a successful and honorable close, and a large
i scope of territory was added to our boundaries.
In 1850, California, formed out of a part of that
territory, asked to be admitted as a State into the
Union. Here was another opportunity for Abo-
lition rapacity to gratify itself. Being the common
territory of all the States, as the fruits of their
common efforts, of course the South had a right
to expect that her interest would be looked to in
its disposition and settlement. A southern Pres-
ident had taken the responsibility of ordering our
army to the Rio Grande to repel invasion, for
which the whole Abolition pack,Tray, Blanche,
and Sweetheart, broke loose upon him. Southern
chivalry had given renown to every battle-field;
.southern blood'had flowed in everycontest; south-
ern money helped to erect every fortification and
to-fire every gun; a southern general commanded
each line of operations; a southern soldiery made
up the rank and file of the army in the proportion
of three to one, taking the population of the two
sections into account; a southern governor was
appointed to maintain and uphold our authority
in Mexico after its suirender; a southern com-
missioner negotiated the treaty of peace between
the two nations, by which that territory was ceded
to us; and when the amount stipulated to be paid
for the cession came to be settled, southern labor
and southern capital, under the operations of our
tariff system, had to bear the onus, and pay much
the larger portion of it. Facts like these, even
amongst a band of buccaneers, who live by their
prowess and by plunder, would have secured to the
respective parties a fair division of the spoils. But
not so m this confederation of States. With the
Abolition pat ty, all the rules of common honesty
that govern men in other conditions of lite, high
or low, are trampled under foot; the low of mruoi
and tuwn is no longer respected, but with them
might, Imcked up by numbers, makes tight How
I far southern people, who fight your battles. pay
! your taxes, and woik the soil for your benefit,
i will submit to this state of things, may be seen m
| the early future.
j With the proposition to admit California t«s a
■ State, the struggle was renewed—the South de-
\ manding some portion ot that vast domain so
i lately acquired as an outlet to rlavery, f<> r< hove
| her from the inconvenience and miseries, of no
1 distant day, of a ciowd^d end mixed population.
! This most reasonable niCjUest the ISorth pu'sist-
i ontly refused to grant us. Odious as thc^Mis-
j souu compromise nno had ever been to the South,
! yet she was willing to adopt it as a basis of set-
i tleuent of this vexed question. Having abided
| by it in good faith for thirty years, having per-
i niitted the Oregon territorial b;d to pass, under
' Mr. Polk's administration, with its shivery ro-
! striction, our Representatives in Congress, hitter
I us the pill was, stepped forward and proposed to
i cxtou! it across this new Territory to the I acific
! oeenn. Over nod over acr.un was tins proposition
' submitted tn the North by southern Representa-
i tiVea, ;oid as often rejected: yes. sir, nidig nanny
1 end the cry was, " tree soil ^way dou ri
f';ulf of Mexico, and over to tlie Pacific
u!iim
all
ur-
spurn
to tin:
ocean !"
The result of th's ontTt wns
others winch had preceu.-d it. California was
ricd into the Umun as a fire State, not miuer the
forms of 1.1 v,-, but m direct contravention of nil .JoV
and ' vei v precedent from the dawn ot our isa-
tJi" M -vent time. No end's
itijir, no itl i'l ioi:„il
pn-
.eh W«' In cr
< vei
tionel ex:e,fe.se,. \
tai.'-'n to -'■he
oovernmenf - lib.
pilaee; no ena
such a luauhi'jon
sas; no
e jur poj-uit
'•tijiir her to 'he aci
h.i:; net," about w
ju 1 ra-ied in the
convention of delegates ehcted
ance
act ot the XjO
Leai-bu
provide for such election; but with a constitution,
made, we know not when, where, or by whom,
except from rumor, with an area large enough for
half a. dozen States, she was forced in against tho
consent of the South, and forever dedicated to free
soil. At the same time it was determined to give
territorial governments to Utah and New Mexico.
The principle of the Missouri compromise was
no longer to be observed in the organization of
Territories. It was fully ignored and scornfully
trampled under foot by northern men, who now
affect to regard it with such holy reverence; and
who, with a reckless mendacity and juggling
duplicity that merits the scorn and contempt of
every honest heart, essay to play " the game of
fast and loose" as policy, prejudice, or plunder
may dictate.
In the midst of this excitement, tliiiteen north-
ern States, through their Legislatures, resolved
that the Wilmot proviso should be applied to all
territory, whether north or sooth of the Missouri
line; in other words, requiring Congress, by its
action, to exclude slavery from all the territory
belonging to the United States. An act for this
puipose had passed one branch of Congrcs3, and
was defeated m the other; and, to aveit the dis-
grace which seemed to be impending over us, the
South again proposed to extend the Missouri line
to the Pacific, which was again rejected by the
North. Intense excitement prevailed throughout
the land. The Union was regarded as being in
imminent peril. At this juncture of affairs, the
North, rich in resources and fruitful in expedi-
ents, looking to the overthrow of slavery and the
rum of the "South, stepped forward with a new
principle of compiomise, by some called "squat-
ter, "and by others "popular sovereignty," under
which the people of the Territories, without any
intervention on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment or any of its blanches, were to be left free
to determine the question for themselves, whether
or not slavery should exist under the constitu-
tion which they should frame. After long debate,
and fierce opposition on the part of the South, the
proposition was finally adopted; and, upon this
principle of non-intervention, the territorial gov-
ernments of Utah and New Mexico were organ-
ized, although the whole of the former, and a part
of the latter Territory, lie north of that consecrated
line. Not satisfied with aiming a blow at slavery
in the Territories and new States to be admitted,
Texas must be dragged into the arena, and that
part of it lying north of the Missouri line must
be made a peace-offering to our enemies, although
in the same series of measures they were abro-
,, gating this line in Utah and New Mexico. The
;j Distuct of Columbia, too, must be brought into
j hotch-potch; the slave trade must be there abol-
j ished, and slavery itself, to the extent that if a
i man, in passing through that District, should
i place his slave m depot for safe-keeping, for a
night only, in the morning he came out a free
man, his master having lost all claim upon him.
In the same connection, as a sort of sedative to
southern mollification and^ chagrin, as a "quid
pvo fjuo,> for these humiliating concessions made
to this great Moloch of Abolitionism, the fugitive
slave law, by the united vote of the South and a
few Democrats of the North, was remodeled, and
civen us in place of the law already in existence
on thu subject. The promise was distinctly made
that the slavery question was forever bamshea the
Halls of Congress; that pur property snould be
returned to us in good faith, without obstruction
or difficulty; and that anew era had dawned upon
us in the history of our Government. How falla-
cious our hopes m this respect! The slavery agi-
tation did not cease in Cougiess or out of it. Ihe
fugitive slave law was noi ynfuited in good faith;
but, on the contrai y, the Legislatures of many of
the northern States passed laws refusing to usthe
use of their jails for the confinement of our slaver?
when taken Into custody, and attempted to give to
the slave the light to sue out a writ habeas corpus,
, and have a hearing before their State courts; in
| some instances, as in Massachusetts, laying heavy
j finesand penultiesupon those of theircitizens who
! should aid in remanding a ^ lave to his master, and
! dr;cnwb(ymg buch ironi holding any ofllee of
1 honor, piout, or trust, under the Siate govern-
i ment. Although the law wjs explicit in its terms,
! and bar.ed upon a plain provision of the reaerai
i Constitution, yet, to attempt its enforcement m
; Massachusetts, and in some other States, nnper-
