1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
35th Cong....1 st Sr.ss.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Olin.
Ho. of Reps.
for him, or when he is unable to labor, as when
he labors; and he is not destined to suffer from
hunger, or from cold, or even liable to be deprived
of the little comforts and pleasures that cheer his
humble lot in life, because of the vicissitudes of
trade, the uncertainty of the seasons, or deficient
harvests.
But, sir, this is not all. The existence of this
class, say what you will, gentlemen of the North,
has the effect of ennobling and giving dignity to
the laboring white man. Labor though he may,
and no matter in how humble a position, he is
still white. He belongs to the governing, the su-
perior class. In law, he is not only the peer of
the master of the slave, but if he possess intelli-
gence, good manners, probity of character, he is
everywhere recognized, socially, as the peer of
his neighbor, whatever may be that neighbor's
superiority in wealth or in the extent of his pos-
sessions. In the South, Mr. Chairman, labor
does not degrade the white man, but the white
man elevates labor. The same disparities in for-
tune exist among white men in the South as else-
where; but they do not there give rise to the same
distinctions in rank which always result from
them where slavery does not exist.
And not only is the laboring white man more
honored, and his labor more honorable, under
our social system in the South, than elsewhere,
but his labor is of a kind which exempts him, in
a great degree, and will always continue to ex-
empt him, from the fluctuations which have been,
and always will continue to be, the curse of the
laborer under a different social system. The
species of labor which requires mere thews and
sinews—physical strength, directed by the most
ordinary human intelligence, is, with us, rarely
performed by the white man. That is done by
the inferior race, while the laboring white man is
called on to perform the work that puts in requi-
sition intellect and skill—mechanical aptitude,
care, judgment, faithfulness. And as all labor of
this kind is necessarily the helpmate of capital
and not its subject, the demand for it is far more
steady, and the laborers who supply it are com-
paratively free from the terrible evils which so
frequently afflict all of the other classes of free
laboring men.
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that I have not more
time, for 1 would like to speak upon this subject
at length. But, though I have treated it m a hur-
ried manner, I trust that I have said enough to
show our northern brethren that they are in error
when they assert that our social system in the
South degrades labor, and debases the laboring
white man. And I trust that I have also said
enough to make those who are willing to look at
what the past has imposed on other countries,
and to divine from that past what the future will
fasten upon us, to consider dispassionately and
well whether there is any reason why the states-
man and philosopher should look to the North in
the boundless future with that spirit of exultation
which the leaders of the Republican party have
been so long accustomed to display in these flails;
or whether there is room for any well-grounded
apprehension that the social system of the South
is less favorable to the perpetuation of well-or-
dered republican government, or to the progress
and advancement of a great nation in everything
that concerns the freedom, equality, and perma-
nent happiness of her people.
I will now, Mr. Chairman, turn to the other
subject to winch I before referred, and procced
to show that the expectations of the Republican
leaders, that the South is to be crushed out, that
her people are to be deprived of all voice in the
direction of the public policy and business of the
country, because nearly all of the States which
will be hereafter admitted into the Union will be
hostile to her, are as unfounded as the represent-
ations to which I have already callcd your atten-
tion, with respect to the effects of slavery, were
erroneous.
The members of that party, which is arrayed
in a solid body against the South, speak as if the
South wete about being pushed to the wall; as if
we are to lose our weight in this Republic because
of this crusade against us, which has been so long
preached by the brawling apostles of free soil to
a portion of the freeman of the North. Why, sir,
a grave: Senator, at the other end of the Capitol,
announced from his place the other day that there
had been a war waging for a long time between
the two sections of the Union, and that the battle
had been fought and won. And that honorable
gentleman, after rubbing his hands together in
great glee at the important announcement, seemed
to look into the future as though he saw the South
already in his clutch.
Mr. Chairman, when I look to the future, I see
a different sight. I remember that there is only
a small portion of territory still to be occupied
by our people that is the peculiar domain of our j
northern brethren. Within a few, a very few :
years, the only new States presenting themselves 1
for admission into this mighty family of nations ;
will be States which have been established, which i
have grown up on the waters of the blue Pacific. ;
Will their people have this feeling? Will they |
have the institutions that will make themjoinour j
northern brethren m their warfare upon us ? I j
behove not. I conceive, sir, that their position '
will be widely different from that which has been :
assigned to them in fancy by the Senator from i
New York, and by his coworkers, his partners ;
that are to be in his approaching greatness.
Looking to the west, across the vast Pacific, '
Asia lies m view—Asia which furnishes from her j
teeming millions, those thousands upon thou- j
sands of the free poor, dogged by want and des- j
litution, which philanthropic England and phi-:
lanthronic France are now engaged in bringing \
from their homes, in obedience to the demands of j!
their planters in their tropical colonies, to fill, as li
indentured apprentices, the places in their cane i|
fields which had been before occupied by slaves,
ofwhich theirpreviousphilanthropy had deprived j|
them. Yes, sir, which furnishes the coolies :i
which, under the protection of their laws, and of ',i
their flags, are transported to the caric fields of |!
the West Indies, of Mauritius, and wherever else !
there are a soil and a climate favorable to the j
growth of tropical productions. :
Prom that continent mighty streams of emi- i
gration will certainly flow in upon our western 1
Territories. And what, let me ask, must be the ■
inevitable results of that emigration ? The pop- j
ulation thus thrown in upon them is of such a !
character that ft cannot assimilate with the people i
inhabiting the United States. They are foreign i
to them in habits, foreign to them in their feel- i
ings, foreign to them in their religion. They are i
of a different race and of a different nature. If j
they are admitted as equals, they would soon con- >
stitute a majority of the inhabitants. And what i
then? Would they not proceed to carry out their '
own views? to adopt their own civil institutions?
establish their own religions? and to set up their
manners and habits and usages? Certainly they
would; and if admitted as equals these strangers
would soon fill those vast territories, destined,
as I hope and trust at no distant day, to*be great
seats of American empire, and Christianity would
give place to Buddhism and to the worship of the
god Fo, and of the long list of other idols that
figure in their heathen mythology. The minis-
ters of the meek and lowly Jesus would give place
to the bonzes, and to the varied tribes of igno-
rant and besotted priests, who b«w down before
the misshapen and monstrous images of their
gods; and the civilization, refinement, and eleva-
ted philosophy of the white races of Europe and
America who now people those shores, would be
trodden out by the pagan barbarism of the yellow
races of Asia.
And now, sir, let me ask, is there any one who
is disposed, in order to gratify the sickly senti-
mentalities of Exeter Hall, or the fanatical and
ferocious dogmas of the Tabernaclc, or the fine-
spun theories of those who back the Kansas-
shriekers of the North; is there any one, I say,
who would stand idly by and permit such a wrong
to be done to all true iHigion and civilization 3 I
think not. And for one, sir, I do not hesitate to
believe that it is both the right and the duty of the
people there to look to it in time, and apply the
needful remedy. Their position will force this
question upon our brethren who are in posses-
sion of the almost boundless regions beyond the !
Rocky Mountains. And, sir, they will be com- ;
peiled, by a political necessity, to decide it in fa- |
vor of the religion, the morals, the civilization, >
and the refinement and manners of the white race, i
No, sir; our brethren there will have no choice.
They must recognize the fact which the Almighty
stamped upon these races when he created them
inferior to the white man, and refuse to regard,
them as equals, or to admit them to the enjoyment
of any of the political rights now freely accord-
ed to our fellow white men who come among us
to find new homes. I do not claim the spirit of
prophecy, but I will venture to say this: that in
ray day, and before half a dozen years shall have
passed by, it will have become the settled policy
of the people on the Pacific slope to refuse to per-
mit the individuals of the Asiatic races who come
among them to become members of their political
society; to deny to them the right to enjoy any
of the political privileges or immunities accorded
to citizens of the United States. There will be a
discrimination against them because of their race.
They will, in all likelihood* be subjected to the
operation of the same system of laws which Eng-
land has established in the Mauritius and Trini-
dad and the West India Islands, and which France
is seeking to establish everywhere. *
I What is that condition of society? The posi-
1 tion of the people who are the subjects of this
system of policy is one of inferiority; it is one of
vassalage; it is one of quasi slavery. But what-
ever it may be, and however philanthropic Eng-
land and imperial France may expatiate upon its
civil advantages and moral beauties as contrasted
with slavery, one thing is certain: the people
among whom it exists will have no sympathy
with that feeling which has displayed itself in
many portions of the North. It will be found
that among these people a new spirit will be born.
And that spirit, sir, will be nourished by the
streams of emigration and by the tide of com-
mcrce setting in on these shores, until it has
swelled and expanded itself so as to fill the whole
Pacific coast. It will ascend the valleys of the
western slope. It will climb the Rocky Mount-
ains; and when it has reached its summits, and
its colossal proportions and its glorious features
are displayed to our gaze as i t casts its firs t glances
to the eastward, the demon of fanaticism will stand
rebuked, and the fell spirits of sectional hate and
civil discord will cower under its majestic pres-
ence and flee forever from our confines. Then,
Mr. Chairman, and then alone, will we again be-
come a xinited people.
For myself, Mr. Chairman, when I look to the
future 1 feel persuaded that the leaders of the Re-
publican party will be defeated in all of their deep-
laid schemes; that an irresistible; an overruling
necessity will soon repulse their ambitious at-
tempts, and put a stop to this ciusade against us.
I feel, sir, that there is a Divinity above us, the
great Disposer of human events, who
 ce shapes our ends,
Hough hew them liow we will."
If we pass this crisis in safety, as I trust in God
we may, what I see in the future makes me feel
that we shall soon become the greatest people that
the world has ever seen. We shall then be in a
condition to grasp the rod of empire which lies
within our reach; and then, sir, moving along the
highway of greatness, this mighty people will
sway the destinies of the whole civilized world.
And if they themselves continue under the guid-
ance of that wisdom and moderation which have
hitherto distinguished their policy towards other
nations, they will be enabled to discharge that
high mission which the Almighty has, as I be-
lieve, imposed upon them, for the future good of
the whole human family.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HONTABRAM B. OLIN,
OF KEW YORK,
In* the House of Representatives,
March 29, 1858.
The House br-iing in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. OLIN said:
Mr. Chairman: I am well aware of the embar-
rassment which every man must feel who rises tc
address the House at this sta«:e of the discussion
on thisimportantqucstion. No talents, howevei
commanding; no acquirements!, however exietb
sive. would probably command the attention of
