1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SMUT'
Mr. COBB said: I desire to know whether my
name was recorded upon the last vote?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. COBB. I ask that my vote may be re-
corded. I was sitting in my seat, but did not un-
derstand what the question was at the time my
name was called.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object. The question
was an important one.
" The resolution wis then announced as above
recorded.
[Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, he're reported, as correctly enrolled,
ail act (H. R. No. 564) to create a land district
m the Territory of New Mexico; which there-
upon was signed by the Speaker ]
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House ordered the main question;
and upon that I demand the yeas and nays.
Tire SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the House, having already once reconsidered the
vote, it is not in order again to move it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. That w s yester-
day, and if the Chair refuses to entertain my mo-
tion, I will take an appeal.
Mr. GROW. And the vote yesterday was
upon a different motion from this.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. With the consent
of the House, I will state——
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish, before the Chair de-
cides the question of order, to enter a motion to
lay upon the table the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to lay
that motion upon the tablp, and upon it I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GROW. Is the motion to lay the whole
subject upon the table in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. GROW. I withdrew that, with the un-'
derstanding that the main question would not be
ordered, and that the matter would go over unti^
to-morrow. I now renew the motion.
Mr. DEAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask to be excused from
voting on the proposition to lay on the table; and
on that I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PHILLIPS. We will excuse him by unan-
imous consent.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask to be excused from voting
on the proposition to excuse my colleague.
Mr. FLORENCE. No objection.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I raise the
question of order that after the main question
being ordered to be now put, these motions to be
excused fiom voting are not in order; and that
no motion can be entertained except a motion to
adjourn or to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. It has been the practice of the
House to receive such motions.
Mr. MORGAN, (at a quarter past one o clock,
p. ui.) I move that the House do now adjourn;
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, John O. Knnkel, Landy, Law-
rence, Lciciy. McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson,
Maynaid, Wiles, Miller. Millson, Moore, Isaac N. Morris,
Fireman Fl. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Peyton, Phelps,
Phillip*, Pike, Pottle, Powell, Purviance,Quitman, Ready,
Reagan, Reilly, Scales, Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Henry
M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Stallworth, Stephens, James A.
Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood,
Wade, Watkins, White, Whiteley, Wilson, Woodson,
John V. Wright, and ZollicolFer—120.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the vote,
Mr. COX stated that he had paired ofl with
Mr. Morris, of P^insylvania.
After the announcement of the vote, as above
recorded,
Mr. WALBRIDGE said: I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next; and on that 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 17, nays 143; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis of Iowa, Hawkins, Kelly, Kit-
goro, Lamar, Maclay, Mason, Muriav, Potter, Stephens.
William Stewart, Miles Taj lor, Walbndge, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Ellihu B. Waslibuine, Wood, and Augustus ii.
Wngllt—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, An-
diews, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, lJilhngliuist,
ISinglMili, Bishop, Bliss, Bocock. Bowie, Branch, Bryan,
Butfiaton, Builmgame, Bnrnett, Burns, Caskie, Ezra Clark,
John IS. Claik, dawson. Clay, Clemens, Cobb, Colfax,
Coinins,Corning. Covode, Ciagm, Utawfoid, Cuny, Cunis,
Dannell, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dawes, Dean. Diek, Diriiinick, Dodd, Dowde!l,Durfec,
Edmund^on, English, Fai nswortll, Fenton,Floieiiee. Foley,
Foster, Garnett, G.irtrell, G'JIis, Oilman, Gihner. Ooocli,
Goodo, Granger, Groesbi'ck, Hoard, Hopkins, Ilowaid, ]
IIu«hes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jone>, J.
Gldiiev Jones. Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kel-fty, Knapp, Jacob
M. Kunkel. John U. Kunkel, l.andv, Lawictice, Leach,
Leiily, Loiter. Letcher, Loveioy, McQueen, llilniplney
Mar-hall, Samuel tf. Maisl'all, Matteson, Mavnaid, Millei,
Mill-on, Moore, Morgan, Monill, Isaac N. Morns, Free-
man H Moise, Oliver A. Moise, Nichols, Palmer, Parker,
Phillip^, Pottle, Pu-viance, Quitman, Ready, Reilly, Ricand,
Robbing Robcits, Uoj ee, KuHin, Sandidgc, Savage, Scales,
Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, lleniv M. Shaw, Shorter,
Singleton. Robert Smith, William Pnntll, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor,
Thaver, Tompkins, Tnppe, Underwood, Wade, Walton,
Isiael Washburn, White, Whitelev, Wilson, Winslow,
VVoitendjke, Jolm V. Wright, and Zollicofl'er—143.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Mr. QIT1TMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make an appeal, with the
object of terminating the difficulties in which both
sides of the House have become involved. What
is the contest in which we are engaged? It is a
contest, as I understand, whether the matter of
the admission of the members from Minnesota
shall be disposed'of to-day or to-morrow, and
whether wo shall make use of to-day for the ap-
propriate business of the day, or whether—so
near the end of the session—we shall lose the day
in this manner, and still have no understanding
as to the taking up of tins Minnesota business to-
morrow. It seems "to me that this is a plain
statement of the question, and that neither party
can derive any advantage from persisting in -
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If a majority
of the House is decided to take a vote now, let
the responsibility of these proceedings rest upon
the other side of the House.
Mr. GROW. We do object to taking a vote
to-day, and ask that the matter may go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. HUGHES. I was on the floor making a
The question was taken on the^ motion to ad- j point of order when
journ; and it was decided ill the negative—yeas ' J T '
69, nays 120; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bianell, Burlinname, Case, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax,
Coiimis, Covode, Oragin, Curtis, Davis ot Iowa, Dean,
Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Fenton, Giluian, Goodc, Gianger,
Gieenwood, Grow, ILulan. Hopkins, Iloiton, Ilowaid,
Iluvlei, George W. Jones, Ivellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Lamar,
Leiter, Letcliei, Lovcjoy, Maclay, Mason, Morgan, Mor-
rill Murray,Nichols,Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pottei, Ritchie,
Ilobbius, Rovce, Rufiin, John Sbeinian, Spmner, Steven-
son, William Stewart, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Thaver,
Tomnkms, Wallmdge, Walton, CadwaladerC. W aslibuiil,
Elliilti B. Wasllbnme, Israel Washburn, Wmslow, Wood,
Wortendyke, and Augustus R. Wright—69
AJA.YS Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson. Andiows, Ar-
nold Atkins. Avery, Bark-dale, Bishop, Bocock. Bowie,
Bovce, Civan, Bllthnton, Burnett, Bums, Cask,e, Chap-
man, John B. Claik, Clay, Clemens, John Coclnane, Coek-
erill, Connie?, James Craig, Crawford, Carry, Damiell,
Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawes, Dewart, Diniimck, Dow-dell, Ldmuudson, Llliott,
English. Eustis, Farnswoith. Faulkner. 1Horence, .^0l®y>
Fo-ter, Garnett. GaitielLGilhs, Gilinet, Gregg, Groesbetk,
Thomas L. Hams, Haskui, Hawkins, Ouaid, Houston,
flujiies, Jackson, Joivctt, J. Glancy Jonc!
was entertained. I would now like to finish that
question of order.
Owen Jones,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Mis
sissippi [Mr. GUui-man-] has the floor.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. The question is simply 
Mr. SEWARD. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SEWARD. Then robject.
Mr. WINSLOW. It is evident we can do noth-
ing to-day, and therefore I move that the House
do now (two o'clock, p. m.) adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided tn
the negative—yeas 78, nays 102; as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Ahl, Bilhnglmrst, Bingham, Blan, Bliss,
Branch, r.iiihngame, Ca-e, Ezra Claik, dawson, Collin,
Covode, Oraein. Cuiti*. Davis ot Massachusetts. Dav.s of
Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Dmfce, Fainswoith, I-entoo,
Foster, Oilman, Gilmer, Goocli. Gi anger, Gi ow, Ilailan,
Haskui, Hawkins, Hopkins, Iloiton, Howard, HujIcr, Jew-
ett, George W. Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp,
Leidy, Letcher,Maclay, Mason, Morgan,Morrill, Freeman"
II. Moise. Nichols, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Potter, Reagan,
Rieaud, Robbing, lioyce, John'Sherman, Jiidson W. Sher-
man, Sickles. Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tnppaii,
Thayer, Tompkins. Underwood, Wade, Walbndge, Wal-
ton , Cadwalader C. "Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburno, Israel
Washburn, Winslow, Wood, Wortendyke, Augustas K.
Wright, and Zoilicoffer—78.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdale, Bishop, Boeoek, Bowie, Bryan, Buffin-
ton, Burnett, Burns, Chapman, John B.Clark,Clay, Clem-
ens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Comins, Corning,
Crawford, Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Indiana,"Davis of
Mississippi, Dewart, Dick, Dimmick, Edmundson, Elliott,
Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Gartreli, GHHis,
Goode, Greenwood,Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawrence W, HsJl/
Thomas L. Harris, Houston, Jackson, J. Glancy Jones,
Owen Jones. Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Iiu$kel,
Landy, Lawrence, Leiter, Lovejoy, Mcdueen, Humphrey
Marshall, Matteson, Maynard, MUler, Millson, Isaac N.
Morris, Mott, Pendleton, Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Poule,
Powell, Purviance, Ready, ReiHy, Roberts, Rtiffin, San-
didge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Henry
M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Stallworth, Stephens, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor,
Tnppe, Watkins, White, Whiteley, Wilson, Woodson, and
Jolm V. Wright—102.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the vote,
Mr. PALMER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Thompson, had paired oil' with Mr. Jenkins.
The question recurred on excusing Mr. Kelsey
from voting on the proposition to excuse his col-
! league, Mr. Morgan, froth voting.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs a joint resolution authorizing:
Commander Maury to receive a gold medal from
the Emperor of Austria.
Mr. DEAN. I ask for the regular order of
business.
The yeas and nays were demanded and or-
dered 011 Mr. Kelsev's motion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, (at fifteen
minutes past two, p. m.) I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there any ob-
jection to excusing the gentleman from New York
from voting ? If there bo no objection, I suppose
he may be exctfsed, as a matter of course.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered on the proposition.
Mr. SMITH, of Viigima. I ask simply the
privilege of allowing us to do what we can to-day
with the business 011 the Private Calendar. We
mi"ht as well do that as adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I withdraw
my motion to adjourn.
Mr. IvELSEY. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next; and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WINSLOW, (at twenty minutes past two
o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adj ourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal to the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw his motion, that
I may ask the unanimous consent of the House
to go into Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar. It is manifest that we can do
nothing to-day with the regular order of business.
We may, however,by unanimous consent, trans-
act business of a private character which will be
a benefit to those interested in private claims.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise for informa-
tion. Suppose the motion to reconsider is car-
1 ned, will the matter then go over?
The SPEAKER. No; the question will recur
" Shall the mam question be now put?"
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas83, nays 93;as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andiews, Billinghurst, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blws, Branch, Kiirlinzame, Case, Ezra ClarR,
! dawson, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Craglii, Davidson, Davis
ot'Massaebuxetts, Davis ol towa,Daives, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
DuilVe, Kenton, Foster, Gilinan, Gianger, Grow, Harlan,
. *. '1  Tinivfml. .lo.wwtr.
ot'Massacbu^eits, Davis ol Iowa,Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
I DuilVe, Ponton, Foster, Oilman, Gianger, Grow, Harlan,
i IIa<km. Hawkins, hopkins, Horton, Ilovvard, Jew at,
! George W. Jones, Kellogg Kelsey, Kii gore, Knapp, Leidy,
' Lctcher, Maclay, Humphrey Maishall, Mason, Maynard,
i Million Moi^an, Morrill, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A.
! Mor«e Murray Nichols, Palmer, Parker, Pettit. Potter,
! Ouitman Reagan, Kitehie, Rovce, RutFm, John Sherman,
Judson \V. Sherman, Sickles, Kobert Smirh, Samuel A.
i Smith, William Smith, Spinnei\ Stanton, William btewart,
i T'iimaa Thayer, Tompkins, Tnppe, Underwood, Wade,
j WaJhrid'gc Walton, Cadwalader C\ Washburn, Ellihu B.
