186
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
January 5,
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Susanna Hayne Pinek-
ney, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
. Ordered, That the memorial of Aaron Ilaight Palmer, on
the files ot the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Ciaims.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the mcmonal of the legal representatives
of Rinaldo Johnson and Ann E. Johnson, on tiie files of the
Senate, be referied to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
it was
Ordered, That Lieutenant John C. Carter, have leave to
withdraw his petition and papeis.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,
it was
Ordered, That Jesse Wyatt have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr.SE W ARD, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
Nicholas D. P. Maillard, reported the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous I
consent, and agreed to: j
Resolved, That the petition and papers of Nicholas D. P. !
Maiilard be transmitted to the Socrctaiy of StJte, lor the '
consideration of the President of the L'liited States. j
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign p
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1
29) for the relief of William K. Jennings and
others, reported it without amendment, and sub-
xnitteda report; which was ordered to be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. STUART gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
improvement of certain harbors on Lakes Supe-
rior, Michigan, Huron, St. Clair, and Erie, in the
State of Michigan.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce the following billy:
A bill to extend the present graduation laws to
the reserved sections within railroad grants; and
A bill to authorize the building of a jail at Van
Buren, in Arkansas, for the use of the district
court of the Uilited States.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POLK, in pursuance of previous notice,
aslced and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 20) to settle doubts in relation to the title of
certain common field lots in the State of Missouri,
heretofoie granted to the inhabitants of the city
of St. Louis for the support of schools; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
He also, in pursuance of pievmus notice,asked
and obtamed ltave to introduce a bill (S. No.4x)
for the relief of Manuel Leusa, Joachim Leisa,and
others, and to provide for the location of certain
private land claims; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Puvate
Land Claims.
Mr, THOMSON, of New Jersey, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 42) to ptovide k>r the con-,
struction of a custom-house, court-house, and i
post otlire, m Trenton, in the Stale of New Jersey, j
which was read twice by its title,and referred to :
the Committee on Commerce. :
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous j
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. jN'o. 1
43) to authorize the improvement of the Missus- j
sippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Arkansas rivers by!
contract, and making appropiiations for the same; I
which was read twice by its tule, and referred to :
the Committee on Commerce. j
COAST SURVEY REPORT. j
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution; j!
which was referred to the Committee on Printing: -\
Ilesohed. That in addition to the ih-u;i! number of eopie.s !
ot the report nl the .-Mipetuuendent oi the Lo.wt Sun c\ 101 ! |
the yy<u J8.)7, llieic p'iniod ten thousand copuv , nvc
thousand copies tot fhe u-v ol the Senate, and live thousand
copies lot di?tiib<:tion trom the (Joa?t Sui\cy oUiee, and -j
that the ^ame he punted and bound with the patter in qu.ti to i1
form,and that tilt' pi umn^ <>f--ad plates shall bedomMoshe |!
faanstacuonoftlieSupeiinteiidentortneCoa^tSuivey. j-
minister to japan. !!
Mr. GWIN submitted the following lesolu'ion !;
for consideration: ' '!
Rcsolced, That ?he Committee on Foreign R"!.ition« hr> '
instructed to inquire into the expediency of piovidin" bv ,
law for the appointment of a Minister PkmipoteutMiy to the ,
Empire of Japan. i;
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg leave to submit the
following resolution of inquiry in relation to har-
bors in the State of Wisconsin:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate such surveys of haibors on Lakes
Superior and Michigan, in the State of Wisconsin, as have
not been heretofore communicated, together with such esti-
mates as may have been made for the nnpiovement of said
harbors.
As this is a mere resolution of inquiry, X hope
the Senate will consider it now.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Several resolutions of this
character have been adopted in regard to separate
States, and it seems to me it would be better to get
this information in regard to all the States which
border on the lakes. I will, therefore, move to
amend the resolution by inserting "Illinois."
Mr. JONES. I would suggest that the Mis-
sissippi and Missouri rivers also be included in
the resolution. I offer an amendment to that
effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Wisconsin accept the proposed modifica-
tions ?
( Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly. I have no ob-
j jections to the inquiry. I do not know what reso-
lutions may have heretofoie been passed on this
subject, and whether it may not produce some
confusion in the report of the Secretary of War;
but I have no objection to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolution as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Becretaiy of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate such suiveys of haibors on Lakes
Superior and Michigan, in the States of Wisconsin and Il-
linois, ami on the Mississippi and Mis>.ouu nver&, as have
not been heretotoio communicated, together with such esti-
mates as may have been made for the improvement of said
harbors and riveis
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. FESSENDEN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to piovide for the ascertainment and satisfac-
tion of ciaims of American citizens for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the 31st day of
July, 1801; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask that this bill may
be referred to a select committee. I do so for
this reason: during the Thirty-Third Congress,
when it was under consideration, it was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and it
was reported back by that committee with a rec-
ommendation that it be reloried to a select com-
mittee, which was done; and it seems to be proper,
as it is a matter of so much importance, that it
should take that course now. I presume there
will be no objection to it. It has been decided
by the Senate, on former occasions, to be proper.
A select committee of seven, I suppose, would be
the proper number.
Mr. MASON. According to my recollection
that question has most generally been referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, but I have
an impression that there arc instances where it
has been referred to a select committee.
Mi. FESSENDEN. if the Senator will ex-
cuse me, 1 will .state that at the Thirty-Third Con-
gress it was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, of winch the honorable Senator was
chairman, and by directions of that committee he
reported it back to this body, with a recommend-
ation that it be referred to a select committee.
Mi. MASONS'. My recollection was not dis-
tinct. I had no recollection of its ever havjn°-
been reported on by the Committee on Foieign i
Relatiou.s; but it seemed to me pi ima facie to be I
the proper committee to which to refer it. But !
it tlm Senator is right in his recollection, as doubt- [
les ? lie is  j
Mr. FESSENDEN. The records have been .
consulted, and I am informed that it is so. I have 1
not looked at them myself, but I think my col- |
league will recollect all about it. I am informed
that this bill was sent to the Committee on For-
eign Relations during the Thirty-Third Congress,
and was leported back by that committee, with a
recommendation that it be referred to a select com-
lllttlVKi.
x\h\ HAMLLN. I have nota distinct recollec-
tion about it. 1 have, however3 this rccollcction,
' that it was referred to the Committee on Foreign
' Relations at that time, and it came back and was
' referred to a selectcommittee, of which I was chair-
| man. I do not recollect distinctly how it came
back, whether on my motion in the Senate, or by
; the report of the committee. I am inclined to
I think it came back on the report of the committee,
j and on a suggestion I made to the chairman at
that time; though I am not clear about that. I am,
however, clear that it came back, and went to a
select committee. The records of the Senate will
show it to be so.
Mr. MASON. I should think the proper dis-
position of the subject would be to refer it to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and as I under-
stand that motion has precedence, I move to refer
the bill to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
done, for this reason: it is a matter that has
attracted considerable attention heretofore, and I
am confident that the gentleman who made the
statement to me in reference to the disposition
made of the bill at that time, could not be mis-
taken. We can ascertain the fact, however, by
reference to the Journal, and I will ask that the
discussion may be waived for a moment, in order
that I may have time to look at the Journal and
sec what disposition was made of it at that time.
Mr. SEWARD. I can state, for the informa-
tion of the honorable Senator from Maine, and of
Senators generally, that I recollect distinctly that
a memorial on this subject, presented by an ex-
Scnator from Connecticut, Mr. Truman Smith,
was, on his motion, referred to a selectcommittee,
and by him favorably reported on, and acted oa
by the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. That occurred during the
Congress preceding the Thirty-Third.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I find that, in one partic-
ular, I was mistaken. I made the statement on
the authority of a person whom I supposed was
not in error f find at the first session of the
Thirty-Third Congress this entry:
" Acieeablv to notice, Mr. Hamlis asked and obtained
leave to bung in a bill tu piovide for the ascertainment and
satisfaction o"f claims of Ameucan citizens for spoliations
committed by the Fiench pnor to the 31st day of Julj',
ISO!; winch was read the fust and second time by unani-
mous consent, and referred, with the memouals on lite, to
tiie Committee on Foreign Relations."
Subsequently,
" On motion of Mr. Hamlin,
" Ordered, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
di>chaiged tioin the further eonsideiauon ol the bill to pro-
vide for the. ascertainment and satisfaction of ciaims of
Ameucan citizens for spoliations committed by the French
puor to the 31st day of July, 1801."
So that it was done on motion of my colleague,
( and not on the motion of the chairman of the com-
, mittee. I am now informed that, at a previous'
j Congress, the same disposition was made of me-
1 mortals on this subject. On motion of Mr. Smith,
of Connecticut, who presented a memorial, the
matter was referred to a select committee of this
body. Of that I had no previous knowledge, as
I had not investigated the matter. The last time
the subject was under consideration here, it was
withdiawn from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and referred to a select committee, who
reported back the bill.
Now, sir, I suppose that properly, in the ordi-
nary course of reference of subjects to committees
of this body, this bill should go to the Committee
on foreign Relations. That is the most appro-
| priate of all the standing committees; but there
is an objection to it. It is proper, according to
| parliamentary usage, as a general rule, where it
is asked for, as 1 understand, in a matter of con-
siderable interest, that it should go to a committee
I which is not known orunderstood to be unfriendly
i to the whole object, and committed in relation to
! it. _ It so happens, with reference to the consti-
tution of the committees of this body, that that
t' is undeistood to be the case with reference to that
, committee, and not only with that committee, but
: also with some other committees, to which it
| might be proper, under ordinary circumstances,
| to refer this bill. It is a matter, also, of very
; great importance to theindividualsinterested,and
j therefore it would seem to be nothing more than
' I'ight, inasmuch as this bill is one which has
passed Congi ess on several occasions, that, at any
1 late, it should go to a committee from which we
; shall have some chance of having the bill reported
j back to the Senate. 1 believe it is always a suffi-
, cient reason for not sending a bill to a particular
