1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mmt
terday. I am not certain but that it is right; but,
being connected with the Committee on Printing,
my attention was called to it several months ago,
and then I was pretty well satisfied that every-
thing had been settled up, and all that was due
had been paid. I ask that the motion to recon-
sider may be entered, so that I may have time to
look into the papers; and after that I will with-
draw the motion if I find that the claim is reason-
able and ought to be paid.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered.
SEIZURE OF AMERICAN VESSELS.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested (if, in ins opinion, not incompatible with the public
interest) to communicate to tlie Senare any coirespondcnce
that may have been held between this Government and the
Governmentof England, concerning the seizure on the coast
of Africa by the naval forces of the lattei Power, of the
American vessel£k Panclllta,,, asenr in charge of a British
naval officer, after said seizure, to the port of New Yoik; and
if tlieie be any further corie^ponclence or documents le-
ceived bv the Executive concennng.the visitation or search
of American vessels m th<5 Gulf oi Mexico or elsewhere by
foieisn armed cruisers, since the message of the President
of the 19th Maj, instant, that he communicate the same to
the Senate.
G. A. PENN AND EMILE LA SERE.
Mr. WILSON. I offer a resolution of inquiry,
and ask for its present consideration:
Resoloed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to infoim the Senate, under what authority Alexandci G.
Penn and Emil6 La Sere weie appointed di-=bui.-ing agents j
of the Government at New Orleans, by whom arid when 1
appointed, and the nature of the service of each ; the total !
amount of compensation paid to them, find the leasons for 1
fixing the compeiu-ation of Mr. La Sere at sixteen dollars !
per day and the compensation of Mi. Penn at thnty-two '
dollars per day. ]
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Massa- ,
chusetts—I do not know that he was under any
obligations to do it—iiad taken the pains to make
some preliminary inquiries, I think he would not
have presented this resolution. It states what is
not the fact, both in relation of Mr La Sere and
Mr. Penn. I believe Mr. Penn receives sixteen
dollars a day and Mr. La Sere receives but eight
dollars for ins services, such as are rendered in
almost every city of the Union, where public
buildings are being erected. I should prefer, if
the Senator from Massachusetts does not choose
to make the connection of the facts I have stated,
that at any rate he will not assume facts to exist
which I know not to be true. The resolution is
an assertion that these gentlemen arc receiving
this per diem allowance,and it asks the Secretary
for reasons why it is granted. The fact is not so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first point is,
" Is there objection to the resolution?"
Mr. SLiDELL. I am willing that the in-
quiry should be made, but I think it ought to be
amended.
There, being no objection, the Senate proceeded i
to consider the resolution. t:
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to striking j.
out the declaration objected to by the Senator jj
from Louisiana. In the report of the Secretary j1
of the Treasury, which I hold in my hands, I ij
find a list of superintendents of custom-houses
and court-houses. I find that one gentleman m
.New Orleans receives, as superintendent, ten dol-
lars per day; Mr. Penn, sixteen dollars per day.
I find that, m the list of maune hospitals, Mr. ;
La Sere receives, as disbursing agent, eight dol- '
lars per day, and under s{ the custom-house, post j
office, and miscellaneous," Mr. La Sere receives j
eight dollars per day, and Mr Penn sixteen dol-
lars per day, while the superintendent"of the cus- :
tom-housereceivesnothing. Hereisthestatement :
that these gentlemen receive this sum. However,
I move to amend the resolution by striking out ,
so much as makes a declaration that they receive ,
these sums per day.
Mr. SLIDELL. One receives eight dollars a '
day, and attends to two orthree public buildings; ;
and the other receives sixteen dollars as the su-
perintendent of the building and disbursing agent. ,
X am certain the facts are so. However, I have
no objection to the resolution. !
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should like to hear the :
resolution read as amended. 1
The Secretary read it, as follows: i
Resolved, That the Secretary oftheTieasuiy be directed to j
inform the Senate under what atuhomy Ak.\am!ei G. Penn :
and Emil£ La Sere were appointed disbuising agents of the
Government at, New Orleans, by whom and when appoint-
ed, and the nature of the servipe of each; the total amount
ot* compensation paid to them, and what compensation per
diem Mr. La Seie and Mr. Penn respectively receive for all
services.
The resolution was agreed to.
RETRENCHMENT AND REFORM.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to repoitto the Senate specific estimates for" retrenchment
and reform" in the expenditures for the several branches
of the public service "to lernedy the evils of the excess of
expenditures over the means of the Government" as men-
tioned by him m his report of May 19,and that he be
further ieque&tod to import to the Semite what efforts have
been made, and by whom, since the 4th March, 1857, " to
restrain the Government to an economical expenditure of
the public money,"and what have been the results of those
efforts.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
395) to authorize the increase of invalid pensions
in certain cases; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Cleik, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolution; and they were
signed by the Vice President:
An act for the relief of Isaac Drew, and other
settlers upon the public lands, in the State of
W isconsin;
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Pierre Broussard, deceased;
An act to revive an actenutled, "An act for the
relief of the heirs, or their lygal representatives,
of William Conway, deceased;'5
An act for the relief of William Smith, deceased,
late of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Regis Loisel, or his
legal representatives;
A joint resolution for paying the compensation
of stenographers employed by committees of the
House of Representatives;
An act to prevent the inconvenient accumulation
in the Post Office Department of postmasters' quar-
terly returns;
An act to increase the pension of John Rich-
mond;
An act for the relief of Thomas Smithers;
An act for the relief of Pierre Gagnon, of Nat-
chitoches, Louisiana;
An act to amend an act entitled "An act grant-
ing a pension to Ansel Wilkinson;"
An act for the lehef of Isaac Carpenter;
An act for the relief of Brevet Major H. L
Kendriclc; and
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Marie Maltnes.
EMPLOYES OF THE SENATE
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him on the 10th of May:
Resolved, That the Sectctmy of the Senate be duectcd to
pay to the emploj cs ol ihe Senate who did not receive the
same at the laM session of Consuls. the same comp^ic-a-
tion, rc^vctively, that was allowed to ihe cmpio) <?< of the
House of Representatives, by a lesolulion of the House of
Repie^entatives of 2d Maich. 16o7.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will in-
quire ot' the Senator whether the resolution pro-
poses a payment out of the contingent fund >
Mr. GREEN. Under the rules of the Senate
I cannot offer a provision for the payment of this
money as an amendment to an appropriation hill,
unless the Senate shall have sanctioned the prin-
ciple beforehand; and the resolution is to get that
sanction in order to move an amendment to the
appropriation bill. That is the object of the res-
olution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will in-
quire of the Senator whether this contemplates
the payment of money out of the contingent fund ?
He supposes it does.
I Mr. GREEN. It does.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a rule of
■ the body which requires ail such resolutions to
! be referred to the Committee to Audit and Con-
j trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
i Mr. GilEEN. I am aware of that; but we can-
tentati/es
.V
not pay it out of the contingent fund unless there'
is an appropriation made by law authorizing^. -
This is to get a sanction which will justify, under $
the rules, an amendment to the appropriation4)i]I,
when the bill comes up for consideration. ' -
The YICE PRESIDENT. It is a direction of.
the Senate to the Secretary to pay money,
Mr. GREEN. But he has no money, and'&fe-
cannot pay it, and he cannot have any money'
until the appropriation is made, and I cannot
move to axnend the appropriation bill unless^ the:
Senate first sanctions the principle. . •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not -
aware that there is no money in*the contingent,
fund. Unless some question be raised, however,.
the Chair will not press it. . :
Mr. SLIDELL. I raise the question of order,
if there be any such question.
Mr. GREEN. Pray, what question ?
Mr. SLIDELL. The question the Chair has
raised. I am very sure this subject of extra com-
pensation cannot now be debated without inter-
feung very much with the regular order of busi-
ness of the Senate. I am of opinion that all our
employes are amply compensated now; and in-
order to test the sense of the Senate on the sub-
ject, I move to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. GREEN. I do not see how the Senator
can move to lay the resolution on the table while
he raises a point of order. But if that is to be a
test question, I have no objection to taking it on
that. I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 23; as follows:
YE AP—Mc^rs. Bavard, Benjamin, Bright, Clay, Col-
lamer, Davih, Fessewlcn, Fnzpatnck. Foot, Hammond,
Ileufleison, Hunter, Johnson of Arkans*a«, King, Mason,
Poaicp, Siidoll, Tiumbullj Wade, WiKon, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, firodcrick, Cameron, Chandler,
Claik, Ciittemlen, Dixon, Dougla<, Fitch, Foster, Green,
Gwin, llailan, Iverson, Jones, Kennedy, Rice, Sebastian,
Smvaid, Simmons, Stuart, Thompson ol Kentucky, and
Thomson of New Jersey—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. Some three or four years ago,
we increased the pay of ail the employes of the
Senate, with the understanding that that increase
was to supersede the very objectionable piactice
winch had prevailed theretofore of making extra
allowances at the close of the session. That was
the distinct understanding of the Senate. The Sen-
ate appointed a committee on the subject. That
committee considered it deliberately, and I think
in a most liberal spirit. They eniniged the sala-
ries; they made many of the employes perma-
nent, with compensation running throughout the
whole year; and we chd suppose that aficr having
exercised this liberality, there would be an end to
applications for extra allowances which are not
founded in any propriety or m any facts which
would justify them, but which seemed to owe
their passage solely to the kindly feeling and lib-
eral spirit of Senators. We thought we had set-
tled it once for all; but it seems there is no getting
rid of extra compensation. No matter at what
rate we fix the salaries, the same application will
be made session after session. I think this is
manifestly improper. It is a contradiction of that
determination which the Senate deliberately en-
tered into three or four years a^o, and of the ex-
pectation of every member of this body. There
really is not a single fact suggested to justify us
in making this extra compensation now, except
the fact on winch 1 understand the Senator from
Missouri lelies, that the House of Representatives
has set us a very bad example,which, in my opin-
ion, we ou<rht not to follow.
I have said thus much upon the general subject.
I wish now to say, in regard to the amendment I
propose to offei, that if we are to increase the sal-
aiies of our employes, I trust the Senate will not
leave out a very valuable set of officers who belong
to the library, of whom no notice is taken in the
resolution. Perhaps the Senator will consent to
amend it, by adding, ii and the officers of the li-
brary."
Mr. GREEN. I would consent, if the Senator
did not think it so wrong. [Laughter.]
Mr. PEARCE. Well, sir. I only wish to make
it uniform, and to make it apply equally to all. if
the thing is wrong in itself, it is sail more wrong
if it discriminates and exhibits this partiality. I
do not think th^rc can be any question of the
propriety of that argument.
Mr. GREEN. That is precisely my argument.
