1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1-8?
committee, that that committee is unfriendly to
its object. I hope, therefore, that this bill, as it
is perfectly well known a majority of the Senate
(unless it has been very much changed in char-
acter by the additions recently made to it) are in
favor of its general object, will have a chance to
come into the Senate, and be acted upon on its
merits.
I have only to add that, in case my motion be
granted by the Senate, (and I believe it to be a rea-
sonable one, even as addressed to gentlemen who
may be opposed to the measure itself,) I trust I
may be cxeused from serving on the committee.
If the motion be carried, it might be considered,
as a matter of course, that I should be one of
them. I desire to be excused for the simple
reason that I have that kind of personal interest
in the subject-matter which would, in my judg-
ment, render it improper that I should consider
the subject.
Mr. MASON. Although the question involved
in the motion of the honorable Senator from
Maine affects, to a \ery great extent, private in-
terests, or rather is baked on the petition of pri-
vate claimants for the payment of money alleged
to be due to them, yet the questions on which
these claims depend, as is well known to the Sen-
ate, are, it seems to me, proper questions to be con-
sidered by the standing committee of the Senate
appropriate for them. The principal question,
according to my recollection, is, whether war did
or did not exist between the United States and
France at a given time ?—a question that seems to
me peculiarly appropriate to the Committee on
Foreign Relations. I expiess no opinion at all
on the merits of the claim; but as chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, I thought it
proper to state to the Senate what seemed to me
to be the appropriate disposition of this, which i
is emphatically a public question, though private i
interests are involved. 1 felt it my duty, there- j
fore, to move that it be referred to the Committee j
on Foreign Relations. j
Mr. SEWARD. I regret that the chairman of ;
the Committee on Foreign Relations thinks it his
duty to claim that this subject properly belongs
to that committee. I have heretofore had occa-
sion to examine it with a very great deal of care,
and to discuss it at some considerable length, and
therefore it is not entirely a stranger to me. It
is true that the subject involves an examination of
treaties between the United States and France;
but those treaties are seventy years past, and all
the transactions out of which the claim arose are
nearly sixty years old. All these transactions
were closed about the year 1810.
These claimants are citizens of the United
States, or their hurs or legal representatives.
They claim from the Government of the United
States payment for the losses which they sus-
-tained by French spoliations, for which they say
the Government of the United States received an
indemnity from the Government of France in ben-
efits secured by the tieatv concluded in or about
the year 1803. They received equivalents by the
treaty of peace which was made in the year 1802
or id03. It is, therefore, strictly a matter of
claim, and not at all, as it seems to me, a matter
requiring any action of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. If I were to say to winch of the stand-
ins: committees of the Senate it would be most
proper to refer it, I should say the Committee
on Claims. I think this hill, which has been
mittee on Claims have each of them business
enough to transact which is of immense magni-
tude; and insomuch as the whole question is one
of great difficulty and great antiquity, as it has
been debated here for fifty years, as it has been
referred heretofore to select committees, as it is
due that a candid,impartial consideration should
be bestowed on the subject by Congress, I submit
that it would be very right to send it to a com-
mittee who would not be expected to strangle it
because they had already prejudged the case and
formed an opinion against it. A select commit-
tee would be so constituted as to give the friends
of the claim a majority on the committee, and £
think that is according to practice and precedent.
It is a great claim. It involves one of the most
important questions which has been before the
Government since its foundation, and it has been
continually before it. It seems to me due to the
importance of the subject, due to the venerable
character of the claims, due to the great public
authorities which have supported this claim,
amongst others the late Mr. Webster, of Massa-
chusetts, and I think Mr. Gallatin,Mr. Cla^, the
late John M. Clayton, and other veiy eminent
statesmen I do not say it would not obtain that
consideration from the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations. It certainly would on my part; but 1
think that,for the reasons I have stated, it is only
just and liberal, and according to parliamentary
precedent, to accede to the request made by the
Senator from Maine, and give him a select com-
mittee on this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is very true that this has
come to be a public question. The chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations so designates
it, and for that reason he suggests that it should
be committed to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. There is no question that comes before
us. when carefully criticised, that is not public to
some extent. We legislate for no expendituie
j that does not involve the Treasury, and theTreas-
j ury affects the interests of our whole people,
j If 1 am not wrong m my lecollcction, it would
j be more appropriate to refer this bill to theCom-
i mittee on the Judiciary than to the Committee on
Foreign Relations at the present time, if it were
not still more expedient to refer it to a select com-
mittee, as my colleague proposes. A bill was
once passed to pay these claims, and it was vetoed
by President Polk—a veto which, I confess, was
never very satisfactory to my mind, as it was
based upon the ground that we were at war with
a foreign Government, and the sole reason al-
leged for that war was, that she had not liqui-
dated the claims we held against her. He vetoed
a bill to pay our own citizens, while we were at
j war with a foreign Government, because it was
! alleged that they would not pay us. That was
| the ground of the veto. A second time the bill
: was passed by Congt ess; and I believe I am right
; m saying that'President Pierce predicated his veto
j on the ground that these claims were paid by
| some convention, subsequent to that period of
| time, between France and the United States,
j Then, If President Pierce was right in the view
j which he took m his veto message, the only prac-
j tical question for us to determine is, was there
1 evei a convention between the United States and
■ France by which these drums were paid, or un-
! der which they were paid 3 That would be a legal
question—a question which the Judiciary Com-
mittee of this body would and might more appro-
before the Congress of the United States nearly j; priately determine than the Committee on Foreign
every year for fifty years, if 1 remember right, !| Relations
But 1 affirm, sir, that this is a question which,
while public in its character, is one affecting the
rights of so many citizens individually, that they
make no very particular claim when they come
here and ask'that it. shall be referred to a com-
mittee which will insure at least a favorable re-
port for the action of the Senate; and that it shall
not at the outset bo denied a hearing. That, too,
has at some stages been referred to the Commit- ;j
tee on Finance. At all events, the strongest op- U
position which it hag encountered came from |j
the Committee on Finance; and the reason which jj
seemed to move that committee was, that as the u
claim was a very large one, and threatened to n
.draw a very considerable sum of money from |;
the Treasury, it was proper to submit it as a
financial question to that committee. Amongst 1 has been the practice of tins bndy twice, three
other reasons which have been given by Presi- 'i times, and I think more, indeed, I have never
dents of the United States for vetoing the bill I known a refusal to refer this measure to a select
when it did pass Congress, was the reason that ]
the finances of the Government were not then in j
a condition to make the payment at those times, j
and therefore I should think the Committee on j
Finance could more properly claim to consider j
-this subject than the Committee on Foreign Re- |
lations. j
But the Committee on Finance and the Com- i
committee when that has been asked. I hope n
may be granted on the present occasion; and for
one other reason: we all know that all the stand-
ing committees of this Senate, at leastthe leading
committees, aie chaiged with important matters,
which demand all their attention and ail their
time; and a select committee may bestow on this
subject an appropriate consideration without en-
croaching upon the duties of the standing com«
mittees when those duties actually demand nearly
all the time they have to spare. I hope the bili
will be referred to a select committee.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope this bill will be referred
to a select committee, because that seerns to be the
most appropriate for the purposes of investiga-
tion, so far as investigation is necessary.' On
various grounds it'might be contended that it
would be proper to refer the bill to a variety of
committees. Being a claim for spoliations com-
mitted on American commerce, it might well be
said that it should go to the Committee on Com-
merce. I am very sure that when I first came
into the Senate it was referred either to the Fi-
nance Committee or to the Committee on Com-
merce; and was reported to the Senate, and passed
by this body, as coming from one of these com-
mittees—Mr. Bradbury, of Maine, being the gen-
tleman who reported the bill. On that occasion
it failed in the House of Representatives for want
of time. Subsequently it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations; but they were very-
soon discharged from its consideration, and it was
referred to a select committee, who reported it to
the Senate. On that occasion it passed both
Houses, and was vetoed by the President of the
United States. The history of this claim has been
one of constant discussion for fifty years. Every-
thing about it was supposed to be known till the
veto of President Pierce on the last occasion on
which it passed both Houses.
I cannot agree with the honorable Senatorfrom
Maine [Mr. Hamlin] in his views as to the veto
of President Polk. Perhaps I should have arrived
at a different conclusion myself; but there was
reason, in some measure, for the presidential veto
in that ease. The country being in a state of war
with a foreign nation, taxing all her resources, it
might he considered an improper time, in refer-
ence to the state of the Treasury and the general
obligations of the country while carrying on that
war, to act on claims of this kind. That I un-
derstood to be substantially President Polk's view
ot the case. It might well be that it was inexpe-
dient at that time to relieve the claimants, whether
the claim was just or not.
But, sir, the second veto of this measure intro-
duces a new question—a question, it seems to mc,
purely of-fact, f think the ground of that veto
cannot bo sustained on investigation. The alle-
gation is that these claimants were actually paid
by a convention between France and the United
States.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have understood that Presi-
dent Pierce himself subsequently became satisfied
that he was mistaken.
Mr. BAYARD. On investigation, I think it
will be found that President Pierce was in error
as to the main ground on which he vetoed this
bill. All the other questions connected with it
have been reported upon again and again by dif-
feiont committees composed of some of the ablest
t men who have ever sat in the two Houses. The
; subject has been exhausted on the other points,
i I differ entirely from the honorable Senatorfrom
• Virginia [Mr. M\sontJ as to the materiality of the
j fact whether this country was in a state of war at
the time these spoliations were committed. In
| my judgment, there was but a single question ori-
' ginally, apart from that which is raised as a mere
: matter of fact by President Pierce. The Gov-
ernmentof the United States, having previously
• preferred claims on behalf of its citizens to the
' Government of France with other claims against
1 France; and France, on her side, making claims
against the Government of the United States on
other grounds; in the settlement of these mutual
i claims the United States relinquished ail right to
make claim on behalf of its citizens to the Gov-
■ ernment of France. Having used these claims
; as a consideration for which to procure a rehn-
| quishment of the demands of the Government of
' France, (and whether those demands were valid
• or invalid is now immaterial,) it is not for this
Government to say that the claims of its citizens
■ were not valid as against France. In my judg-
i ment. in equity and in morals the Government of
the United States is estopped from denying the
• validity of these claims as against France, when
j it presented and urged ihem on the French Gov-
' ernment until it found it convenient for the gen-
pral interests of the country to compromise them
by getting rid of the French claims on us. This,
