2298
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
It is not only the bad example of the House, as
the Senator calls it, but it is an example of pay-
ing officers of the House sanctioned by the Senate.
The House could not do it, until the Senate sanc-
tioned the same thing", and the Senate has now
said the House employes shall have what it will
notgivetotheSenatecmployes. I proposeequality
-—equality is equity—proceeding precisely upon
the same principle that the Senator from Mary-
land proceeds when he suggests the idea of putting
in the librarian. I am willing to accept his amend-
ment; but if his argument is worth a straw, it is
•wrong to put his amendment in. I believe it is
right enough; but if he is going to vote against it
all, I do not see with what propriety he under-
takes to amend the resolution.
The principle, he says, is wrong, but it will be
less wrong if you make it uniform. That is my
opinion, too. But still the Senate has sanctioned
that wrong with reference to its application to the
employes of the House of Representatives. Is it
not right that the Senate should sustain its own
honor and dignity, and pay its own employes as
much as the Senate allows to be paid to the em-
ployes of the House of Representatives. We
have acted upon the same principle with regard
to the reporters. We have nevei yet made a dis-
crimination against them; and if we do discrim-
inate against them now, it will bo the first in the
history of the Government. I am willing to ac-
cept the Senator's amendment, but it seems to
me that by making that proposition, he destroys
the whole force of the argument he made against
this resolution itself.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Delaware pause for a moment' In the im-
pression of the Chair, this resolution must go to
the Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate. lie will hear a sug-
gestion on the point. It is not, a joint resolution,
but it is a resolution of the Senate directing the
Secretary to pay money to the employes. The
Chair knows of no fund out of which it can be
paid except the contingent fund, and the rule
expressly requires that all resolutions directing
money to be paid out of that fund, or creating a
charge on it, shall be referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Chair read the 30th
rule ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The 30th rule is:
" No amendment propositi;; additional apptopiulions -shall
be received to ;uiv geueial appropuanon lull, unlei—. it he
made to cai ry out the pjoviMOn^ ot some exi-tin:,' law, or
some no I oi resolution pieviou^ly passed hy the tVnate
during Unit sest.ion."
Mr. GREEN. 1 have offered this resolution,
and 1 do not desire to say " the contingent fund,"
hut " such fund as may be appropriated by Con-
gross for that purpose." 1 will modify my res-
olution so ns to put it in that shape.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It s*ms to the
Chair that it creates a charge on the contingent
fund, if any fund. Itdirects the Secretary to pay
money.
Mr. GREEN. I will modify it to say,l out of
any appropriation for that purpose." My object
in moving the resolution is to make it the foun-
dation for an amendment being in order when
the appropriation bill comes up.
Mr. BAYARD. The resolution, whether it di-
rects payment out of the contingent fund or not,
is not a joint resolution. It is directly in the face
of the joint resolution of Congress, of 1854. It
proposes a deliberate violation of the law on the
part of the Senate of the United States. Sir, we
cannot expect the people of this country to obey
the laws, if one of the organic branches of the
Legislature deliberately chooses to violate them
by a resolution of its own; yet, certainly, that
would be so i£ the resolution passes. It is true,
the House of Representatives passed a resolution
of the same kind, and the honorable Senator from
Missouri says we sanctioned it. IIow did we
sanction it? Sanctioned it because we were forced
to yield to that measure which was attached to
the deficiency bill, when the general interests of
the country required us to have the bill passed.
We struck it out in the first instance; but the
House of Representatives insisttd on the appro-
priation by such a majority that we were obliged
to yield, or derange the whole expenditures of the
country. I confess that, for myself, I was against
abandoning the amendment made by the Senate. 1
think the principle shocking that either House
should undertake deliberately to violate the law
of the land, for it just comes to that proposition.
The House of Representatives have done it; and
we have been forced, against the vote of the Sen-
ate, in order to save the deficiency bill, into ad-
mitting-afterwards an appropriation to be made.
Now, the argument is, that because a plain vio-
lation of the law has been made by the other
branch of the legislative power, we shall do the
same thing ourselves which we condemned in
them. I cannot understand the proposition as one
that ought ever to be sustained by the Senate. I
am disposed to give to the employes of the Sen-
ate, or any other employes of the Government of
this country, as liberal salaries as any man in it.
I am opposed to the principle of extra compensa-
tion. I sec nothing involving the dignity of this
body, or their self-respect. Because the House of
Representatives choose to violate the law of the
land, I hope the Senate will not be induced to fol-
low their example.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolution offered by the Senator from
Missouri, as now modified.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate ho directed
to pay out ot any ftnid winch may be appropriated lor the
puipose, to the emplojd-* of the rtemuc, &e.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand, the Chair
decides that all resolutions making appropriations
must go to the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decided
that all resolutions directing money to be paid out
I of the contingent fund, or creating a charge upon
| it, must be referred to the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
1 ate.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose the money pro-
posed to be appropriated here can only come out
of the contingent fund, and therefore the rule ap-
plies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution, as
now modified, directs that the money be paid out
of any fund that may be appropriated for the
purpose. It requires an appropriation by law
hereafter.
Mr. STUART. That is very clear.
Mr. HUNTER. The resolution can have no
effect, unless the money is to be paid out of the
contingent fund.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not feel himself authorized to construe the law
futiher. The resolution does not now require the
money to be paid out of the contingent fund, or
create a charge on it.
Mr. HUNTEll. In 1854, the Senate, in order
to get rid of these applications, passed a law which
1 should like to have read at the Clerk's desk.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Joint resolution to fix the compensation of the employs in
the l(*>s.lative depaitment of the; Government, and to
ptohihit the allowance of theusual extra compensation to
-.ueh as receive the benefits heieof.
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the officers, cJetks, messengers, and other employ^ ut the
legislative depai tment ot the Government, shall be paid an
increased compensation'of twenty pel cent, upon the com-
pensation now leeeived by them respectively ; and the mes-
senger^ of the IIou«e of Repiesentative-: shall not receive
ie-K than is allowed to messengeis of the Senate of the same
class ; such inciea->ed compensation to commence hom the
1st day of July, Jt'53 ; and that a sum suthcient to pay the
same to the 30th ol June, 1855, is hereby appropnated out
of any money 111 the Tieasury not otheiwi^e appiopuated :
Piovided, That no person whose compensation was Hi-
ll ciea-.cd by the act approved April \i0, 1854, shall be hene-
I j fited hy the ioiut resolution ; Jind provided fiuther, That the
h u-ual extia compensation shall not heieaiter be allowed to
j| any pei-on ieeeivm« the benefits of tliia joint resolution.
■| Approved July *20, li\Vl.
ji Mr. HUNTER. The Senate passed that joint
I: resolution for the purpose of getting rid of these
II applications for extra allowances. They passed it
j for the very purpose of avoiding such a resolution
!i as is now offered. It seems, however, that the
1 result is to be this: not that we are to get rid of
j, making these allowances at the end of the session,
li but there is to be a compound allowance. These
jj officers are to get twenty per cent, not only upon
i! the old salary, but twenty per cent, on the a^di-
|: tional twenty that was added then. We are thus
; to give not only upon the old salary, which would
I' have been all that would have been asked if wc
had not made an addition,butupon the new which
is made hy the addition of twenty per cent. It
seems to me that the Senate owes it to itself to
forbear passing any such resolution until at least
the repeal of this law, and I think the Senator
from Missouri ought to accompany his resolution
with a proposition to repeal this law. If they
prefer these annual extra allowances at the end of
the session, let us go back to the old state of things,
the old salary, adding twenty per cent, at the end
of each session. I think, myself, the whole prac-
tice is wiong.
Nor do I see that there is the least force in the
argument which has been urged, that the House
of Representatives has been permitted to do it.
How permitted ? The Senate struck out the pro-
vision; the House insisted upon it; and sooner
than lose the deficiency bill, the Senate receded.
But does the action of the Senate upon that convey
to the public or to the world the impression that
it approved of any such appropriation ? Does it
not affirm the precise contrary? Yet, after that
action, after expressing that opinion that it was
wrong in the House of Representatives, we now
come here to make this addition to the salaries of
our own employes. Is it just to the employes in
the other Departments of the Government? Is
not this an unjust discrimination ? Are we not
paying these officers largely more than we pay to
any other persons who are employed in the public
service > Suppose they come here from the city
post office, from the Coast Survey, from the Ex-
ecutive Departments, hereafter, for extra allow-
ances, on what pnnciple of justice can we refuse
them, if we admit that we arc bound in honor to
make our own employes equal in salary and emol-
uments to those of the House of Representatives?
Does not the same obligation rest upon us in re-
gard to those employed in the Departments, in the
Coast Survey, and in the city post office? I can
see no difference. I hope the Senate will notpass
this resolution.
Mr. GREEN. When the Senator from Vir-
ginia says we ought to accompany this proposi-
tion 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me a moment? I wish to put a question to
him. How will the passage of this resolution
produce any operative effect? The accounting
officers have decided at the Treasury Department,
under this law, that they will not allow anything
paid by the mere order of one House to its em-
ployes; how then can this resolution have any
effect, if we pass it? That is what I wish to learn.
Mr. GREEN. I was proceeding to say—I will
answer the gentleman in a moment—that the Sen-
ator from Virginia said I ought to accompany my
resolution with a proposition to repeal the law of
1854. I intend at the proper time to propose to
repeal if pro tanto. Now I answer the Senator
from Vermont: if this resolution can have no oper-
ation and effect, and it cannot be executed, th$se
is'no harm in it. But I announced to the Chair
my purpose in offering it. It is to lay the foun-
dation to make it m order to move to amend the
appropriation bill. That is the whole object of
the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. How will it enable you
to do that ?
Mr. GREEN. Under the 30th rule of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. COLLAMER. The 30th rule of the Sen -
ate says that such an amendment may be moved
where there is a law for it, but this will be no law.
Mr. GREEN. A law or resolution of the Sen-
ate. It is to enable me to comply with the rule
of the Senate, and make it a law at the pioper
time. I know the Finance Committee will report
against it, if I were to refer it to them, for they
report against everything except what draws
money into the Treasury. I desire to put our
employes on this principle of equality. This is
the only legitimate method of accomplishing that
end. It is in conformity with the rules of the
Senate, it will lead to the repeal, at the proper
time, when the appropriation bill comes up, pro
tanto, of the law to which the Senator from Vir-
ginia referred, and it does not pioduce any con-
' flict; it makes it legal, oiderly, and just. I shall,
thciefore, support it, and insist upon its passage,
i Mr. FESSENDEN. The explanation which the
! Senator from Missouri has given of this matter
I puts it in a tangible shape, and gives it some im-
' portance. Tsincerely hope,however, that the Sen-
