1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1275
been expected that Kansas, applying here for ad-
mission as a State under a constitution with or
without slavery, would have received an affirma-
tive response by a fair majority vote of this body;
and although I need not say what would have
been my course on such a supposition, yet it is but
fair to acknowledge, what I believe to be the truth,
that every northern Democrat in this Hall would
liave stood honestly pledged to support such a
measure, and his constituents would have ex-
pected him to vote for it; and I lmve no doubt that
each of thern would have redeemed his pledge in
good faith. Politically, they are my enemies; and
I am theirs. I have never asked nor received po-
litical favors at their hands; nor do I now ask or
expect such from them. I make this statement
in justice to them, and especially as due to the
Democracy of my State, who are without a Rep-
resentative on this floor. Open dealing demands
that they should not be misapprehended or mis-
stated with my consent. It has been aptly said
that one portion of the Democratic party in this
contest stands upon the " Cincinnati platform,"
but a much larger portion stand upon the " Cin-
cinnati Directory." Candor requires me to say
much the largest portion of the Democracy of my
State stands upon the platform.
Now, sir, without further preliminary, I pro-
pose to examine the only two questions in the
premises which ought to be settled in order to de-
termine our proper course in relation to this sub-
ject. These two questions are:
1. Is Kansas properly here askingforadmission
into the Union under the Lecompton constitution ?
2. Does this Lecompton constitution embody
the fairly expressed, unbiased will of a majority
of the legal voters of Kansas?
If these two questions can be satisfactorily an-
swered in the affirmative, then there should be an
end of all strife. But if the propositions implied
in these questions be not true, then there is an
end of all power and of all right on the part of
Congress in the premises.
Nothing can be clearer than that the admission
of a State into the Union is in the nature of a
contract, the parties to which are theUnited States
and the inchoate State. There can be no contract
without competent contracting parties; and if
Kansas be not legally here to ask for or consent
to the proposed admission, then such admission
on our part would be not only intervention, but
oppression.
Sir, I deny that Kansas is properly here at all
asking admission. The Lecompton contrivance,
which is the only ground or pretense on which
such admission is now urged, is the offspring of
the frauds and trickery of a small number of
reckless men, whom the people of Kansas regard
as usurpers: and the presentation of it here is an
act of rebellion against the laws of the Territory,
and the authority of the United States. Tiie con-
vention that framed it was the creature of a Legis-
lature brought into existence by armed interven-
tion, by invasion, and by violence—a total sub-
version of the organic act, and a clear violation
of the Federal Constitution.
This Legislature was chosen at an election in
the Territory, at which 0,331 votes were polled.
The whole Territory was divided into eighteen
election districts, which were formed into ten
council districts and thirteen representative dis-
tricts. An invasion took place at the time of this
election, which extended to every council district,
to every representative district except one, and
to every election district but three. By the poll-
books and the census rolls, on file in the office of
the Secretary of the Territory, it appears, that of
the whole 6,331 votes polled at this election, 898
of them only were cast by residents of the Terri-
tory, and 5,433 by nun-residents. As about three
weeks elapsed between the time of the comple-
tion of the census and the election, some trilling
changes may have taken place. As navigation was
scarcely opened, the changes from immigration
could not have exceeded a hundred. I feel au-
thorized to say, the whole number of legal votes
cast could nothaveexeeeded athousand. Whence
came the other votes? These votes were given
by the armed invaders, after they had first driven
fiom the polls,by threats and by violence, more
than two thirds of the legal voters, whose names
appear on the census rolls.
So much for the documentary evidence on file
in the Territory. As to who these invaders were,
I remark, it was proved before thp committee, of
which I was a member, by the testimony of three
hundred and twenty-six witnesses,selected mainly
from amongst residents of Kansas and Missouri,
of every shade of political opinion, and some of
them of the highest respectability, that 4,921 of
them came from Missouri for the express purpose
of carrying the election; that the invasion was
neither accidental nor unorganized. It was de-
liberately formed, thoroughly organized, and ex-
tended to every council district, and to every rep-
resentative district exccpt one, for the express
purpose of carrying, in both branches, the entire
Legislature that was to give form and character
to the institutions of the Territory, and to provide
the means of controlling all succeeding Legisla-
tures.
The organization of companies, the enlistment
of men, and the payment of expenses, were pro-
moted, if not wholly accomplished, by means of
clubs or societies formed in Missouri, which met
in secret, and were bound by certain oaths or ob-
ligations to use all lawful means i#their power to
make Kansas a slave State. Of course, they them-
selves were to be the judges of what was lawful in
the premises. And the invasion itself furnished
the first illustration of what, in their view, was
lawful.
At the time the witnesses were examined before
the committee, I have reason to believe, and do
believe, that not one of them knevwhether a com-
parison of the names on the census rolls and the
poll lists was ever to be made; or if made, whether
or not the comparison would furnish corrobora-
tion or contradiction of their statements. Nor did
the committee, at that time, know what the com-
parison would develop. But its completion not
only confirmed, beyond all controversy, the truth-
fulness of the witnesses, but established the fact,
by this unerring test, that the fraudulent votes
were some four hundred more than the parol testi-
mony made them. The Lecompton convention
was called into existence by the act of a Legisla-
ture, one branch of which was elected by those
invaders at that time; the other branch was the
offspring of its unjust apportionment and its ille-
gal and unconstitutional test-oaths, and of new
frauds.
But it is said that this Legislature had been rec-
ognized by the President and by both branches of
Congress. This is not true in fact, nor is any
recognition possible which could at all legalize
these frauds. As this invasion was in direct vio- j
lation of the organic act and the whole scope and
spirit of the constitution, a total subversion of
the law organizing the terutorial government, no j
recognition could legalize this subversion or over- j
throw of the organic act, unless the recognition
was equivalent to the repeal of the otgamc act.
The act and its subversion being in their nature
contrary the one to the other could, by no pos-
sibility be, without pro tanto, destroying one or
the other. And if the recognition amounted to a
repeal of the organic act, in whole or in such parts
i as provided for a Legislature, then it follows that
I the Legislature could not'exist, for the law author-
izing it is supposed to be repealed by the force of
the recognition. The tiuth is, it is absurd to talk
about recognizing wholesale frauds that amount
to a-complete overthrow of the organic act. It is
a contradiction in terms. And the President might
as well have undertaken to enlighten his clerical
correspondents upon the subject of recognizing
piracy, robbery, or murder, as the robbery of the
people of Kansas of their rights by the subver-
sion of the Kansas-Nebraska act. The recogni-
tion might make its authors "accessories after
the fact," but could not at all change the nature
of the ciime or disprove its existence.
But, as a matter of fact, this House never ill any
manner recognized, or attempted to recognize, the
Legislature of the 30th March, 1855, but m sev-
eral different ways, at different times, treated it
and its acts as nullities, as was fully shown the
other day by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man.] I need not therefore enumerate the facts
here.
We fee, therefore,that the "L"eumptun consti-
tution," being, as it was, the ^-.nature at usurp-
ation, the child of an illegal despotism, was as
destitute of all rightful authoiity in its origin, as
it is of popular favor in its maturity. Illegitimate
in its oiigin, it is now m its development, by at
least four fifths of those who were expected to
" father it," loathed and feared, shunned and
scorned.
In this connection, I wish to enter my most
solemn protest against any such recognition ever
being established as a precedent. If this should
ever becomc the settled doctrine" of this Govern-
ment, it would not only destroy slavery; in ail the
States, but all local control of domesticinstitu-
tions of every kind; crush out and destroy every
vestige of " State Rights," and speedily destroy
the Union itself. For if the people of Missouri
can organize an invading force of five thousand
men, arm them, and march them into Kansas, dis-
tribute them through all the districts, and of the
two thousand nine hundred and five legal voters
of the Territory, drive from the polls all except
eight hundred and ninety-eight, and by means of
more than five thousand illegal votes thus dis-
tributed, elect the entire Legislature, in both its
branches, in spite of the people or their organic
law, then, when this Legislature, so elected, as-
sembles and adopts one hundred and fifty-four
chapters of the statutes of Missouri, without so
much as dotting one i or crossing one t, but at-
tempting to localize and apply this wholesale
spurious legislation, by gravely enacting that,
" whenever the words ' State of Missouri' occur
in these chapters, it shall be understood to mean
' Territory of Kansas;' " and then complete this
Kansas (?) code by a series of acts that would
shame the worst despot that ever walked the face
of the earth—one of which acts made it a felony,
punishable in the penitentiary, for the people to
say, write, or print, what the organic act said
they might do; and when the people protest and
remonstrate against this wholesale robbery of
their rights, this total subversion of the organic
law, utterly denying the legality of this mon-
strous usurpation, eloquently demanding of the
President, by every consideration of patriotic
duty, by every tie that binds good men to their
country, by all the fearful sanctions of his oath of
office, to overthrow this monster of fraud and vio-
lence, and restore their rights, and " leave them
perfectly free to form and regulate their own do-
mestic institutions in their own way, subject only
to the Constitution of the United States;" if the
President, with the documentary evidence on fife
in the office of the Secretary of the Territory,
showing that of the whole Six thousand three
hundred and thirty-one votes, six sevenths of them
were given by non-residents, in violation of the
organic act, which he was sworn to execute; I
say, if the President, either because the fear of the
then prospective Cincinnati convention was be-
fore his eyes, or for any other reason, not only
refuse all relief, but, upon the demand of the usurp-
ers and their friends, stretch forth his arm and use
the military power of the Government to compel
the people to submit to the pretended laws thus
imposed upon them, thus converting the Army
into a contemptible posse, or bogus constables; and
if this is to become the established doctrine, the
ruling policy, the approved action, of Democratic
(?) administrations, why may not the people of
Illinois, or any other free State, organize invading
forces ofher own citizens; distribute them at all the
voting precincts in Missouri; choose a Legisla-
ture for her; enact Illinois laws for her, particu-
larly those prohibiting slavery; and then, if the
people of Missouri are in any wise factious, call
upon the Executive to follow the precedent; to
declare the people of Missouri rebels, and put
them down, and compel submission to the laws (?)
by the whole power of the Government.
Sir, of all the domestic institutions of this coun-
try, none are more dependent for safety upon the
stiict adherence to State rights than slavery. Let
its friends beware how they sanction a precedent
that is subversive of all local organic laws. If
| you do not wish to plant thorns m the dying pil-
low of slavery, let no excitement, no hope of tem-
porary advantage, lead you to abandon the great
anchor of all your well-grounded hopes. Let no
man deceive himself upon this most vital point..
Whosoever acknowledges the legality of this Le-
compton swindle of this monstrous usurpation,
gives his sanction to this precedent, and, H-smaii-
like, is erecting the gallows upon which, at no
distant day, he may
" Peel the hnKer diaw
With poor opinion ol'the law."
Away, then, with this illegitimate_Lecompton
bantling! this Cunningham baby ! Kansas is not
