1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ate will not pass the resolution, because I think
it will lay the foundation of applications continu-
ally tn ! o made in the future. We have had this
same difficulty every Congress, and every session
of Congress. As the Senator from Virginia re-
marked, and as shown by the law he has read, it
is perfectly manifest that the Senate at one time
thought it had got rid of it. It took steps with a
view to get rid of it; with a view to finish the mat-
ter up, and have no further trouble with these al-
lowances, which are constantly pressing upon us.
Now, sir, what is the situation in which we
find ourselves, and what is the argument? In
violation of the law, the last House of Represent-
atives undertook to vote extra compensation to
employes. That allowance met with difficulty in
the Treasury Department, and, in consequence of
that, it came in here,and it came in the shape of
an appropriation on the deficiency bill. It was
opposed, and opposed strongly; but the Senate
very soon found that the deficiency bill could not
be passed unless we did accede to it, and the Sen-
ate way leluctantly compelled to recede. That is
now made the foundation of an argument to vio-
late the same law ourselves, and plunge the Sen-
ate back into the difficulty that it experienced
before.
I was in favor of yielding to that provision in
the deficiency bill, in the first instance, for another
reason; and that was, that the Clerk of the House
of Representatives was in difficulty in relation to
the matter, and I thought it best to end it. In con-
versation some of us came to the conclusion—I
know it was discussed in the committee of which
I am a member—that the Senate, in order to put
a stop to this thing, must show that it was willing
to make a sacrifice of what was a mere form, and
notify ? he House of Representatives that we would
not yield a<;ain; and, in order to show the House
that we were in earnest, we would, when an ap-
plication was made to us, reject for our own clerks
that which we granted for theirs, because, if we
kept yielding, granting to our own clerks what
was wrong, simply because it was given to the
clerks of the House, the same consequence would
follow year after year, whereas, if we yielded to
ihe necessity in that case, but when the matter was
presented to us, refused to make the same grant
to those under us, we should have some face on
which to say to the House of Representatives that
any further attempt of that kind would be met
with absolute refusal on the part of the Senate.
Notwithstanding the ideas which prevailed at
that time, and notwithstanding the fact that we
were compelled to yield to that necessity, this
same application is made again here, and made
on the express ground that we were compelled to
yield to it on that occasion. ' Suppose we do it
again; the result will be probably that the pres-
ent House of Representatives will send precisely
the same provision for their clerks, and we shall
have to meet the same argument—that it has been
granted t© the clerks of the House, and we must,
to maintain our own dignity, grantit to the clerks
of the Senate. Why, Mr. President, it is really
surprising to me that the dignity of the Senate is
held by so slight a tenure, and depends on such
miserable trifles as the amount of compensation
to its clerks. If that is a matter which sincerely
and really affects our character and dignity, I
think what there is left of it is hardly worth pre-
serving. If the question was whether we would
make a sufficient, proper, generous allowance to
the clerks, it would be another thing; but when
it is said that we compromise our own dignity,
unless we grant what the law prohibits, and for
which there is no necessity, in order to make a
proper allowance, I really think it is putting the
dignity of the Senate on a basis on which it can-
not stand.
What is the amount of this argument after all?
Money has been granted to the clerks of the
House of Representatives under the circumstances
1 speak of. Do not the clerks of the Senate re-
ceive enough ? They do not pretend themselves
that their salaries are not adequate. I grant all
that is claimed in regard to the character of these
gentlemen. I think no body in the world was ever
better served. If their salaries are not high enough
I am willing to go as far as any one to raise them;
but what is said to us? Not that they are not am-
ply provided for; not that they do not have enough
for their services; but simply that the House has
wrongfully paid more in the face of lav/, and with-
out any adequate reason, and that the Senate, in
order to preserve a valuable bill, thought it expe-
dient to yield it. Hence it is argued we must do
that which the law prohibits with regard to our
own clerks, or change the law, although they_now
receive salary enough, for the purpose of-giving
them more in order to preserve the dignity of the
Senate by giving the clerks of the Senate as much
as the clerks of the House of Representatives got
on a particular occasion, although on thatoccasion
more was paid than ought to have been paid.
Now, sir, I object to that on princip!e;and I ob-
ject to it still further for our own convenience and
comfort. We have had this difficulty every ses-
sion. If we maintain our stand now, and say that
we are governed by no selfishness, no pride of as-
sociation, in reference to the matter, but knowing
that this is wrong, we are willing to refuse to those
who serve us (while they receive all that is suffi-
cient for their services) what, under other circum-
stances, we have granted to others, I think it
will afford sufficient notice, sufficient re'ason, for
us to say to the House of Representatives, ever
after, " we shall preserve this position and apply
the same rule to you which we have applied to
ourselves." What will be the consequence if we
yield? Why, sir, as I said before, the same ap-
propriation will meet us again; we shall be placed,
probably, fh the same predicament; and then we
must come again, and increase twenty per cent,
that which we have already increased twenty per
cent., and give, as the Senator from Virginia says,
the twenty per cent., not only upon the original
salary, but upon the increase itself. The only
fault I have to find with the clerks of the Senate is,
that any of them are so unreasonable as to tease
members of the Senate to do this, knowing that
they have salary enough, and that they are amply
and generously provided for; and they ought to
have more character and respect to themselves,
and to this body, than to be continually making
these applications, as if it were necessary they
should receive a certain sum of money (although
there is no reason in the world why they should
have it) because others have got it and they have
not got it. That is no reason to any man. Re-
cause we have done wrong in one instance, is that
a reason why we should do wrong in another ? I
do not hold to the argument. I have resisted it
heretofore, and I resist it now, and 1 hope the Sen-
ate, for the sake of its own comfort, for the sake
of putting an end to this question, and finally set-
ting it at rest, will refuse, in this instance, to pass
the resolution which has been offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to call attention to
the objection made by the Chair, in my judgment
with perfect propriety, and which is unanswer-
able. There are two modes by which we can di-
rect money to be paid: One is by a joint resolu-
tion, or by an appropriation bill which has to pass
both Houses; and the other is by a separate res-
olution of the Senate, and that resolution can only
be answered by an appropriation out of our con-
tingent fund. This is no joint resolution. Being
a resolution intended to be passed by the Senate
alone, it cannot be satisfied otherwise than out
of the contingent fund; and being such a resolu-
tion, under the rules of the Senate, it must go to our
Committee on Contingent Expenses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Senator
heard the resolution read as attended ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have not heard of an
amendment.
The Secretary read the resolution as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decided
that it was not for him to construe the resolution
further than to say that it does not direct the money
to be paid out of the contingent fund, and does
not now create a charge on it. The only object, jj
it occurs to him, which the-mover could have had >
would be to lay a foundation for an amendment ;
to an appropriation bill. !l
Mr. BENJAMIN. If it is not to be paid out j
of the contingent fund of the Senate, it cannot be .j
, passed by a separate resolution of the Senate, i
Theic can be no resolution passed by the Senate
separately, to order money to be paid by its Sec-
retary, except out of the contingent fund. There J
is no other fund for the Senate to order money to jj
be paid out of. This resolution directs the Sec- j|
retary to pay these allowances out of money that jj
may hereafter be appropriated. If the money ;|
shall be hereafter appropriated, the law making '(
the appropriation itself will provide for the pay*-,
ment of it. The Secretary cannot pay it, then,
under this resolution. If both branches of^Coit-
gress pass a law for the payment of a certain sum
of money to be drawn from the Treasury, theft
that sum of mpney will be appropriatedaccording
to the law, and not according to this resolution-.
This resolution directs a payment by our Secre-
tary, and directs it by our independent authority.
The Senate has no right to passanysuch resolu-
tion. It has no constitutional power to paiss it.
The Senator from Missouri wants to get ri<l*of
the rule of the Senate, which is a salutary one.
It is this: that no amendment shall be moved to
an appropriation bill for the purpose of increasing
the appropriations, except for satisfying some
object previously provided for by lav/, or jn con-
sequence of some resolution of tne'Senate. Now
there isa plain and straightforward mode of reach-
ing his object. Let him move the Senate that the
Committee on Finance be instructed to offer an
amendmentto the appropriation billproviding for
extra pay; and if he gets that resolution through,
he will accomplish his object in order; but a res-
olution by the Senate itself, as a distinct body,
ordering its Secretary to pay money cannot be
satisfied out of the contingent fund, because that
is against the law for the special purpose now in
view; and it cannot have any constitutional effect
if it is to act upon a general appropriation, because
the general appropriation bills provide themselves
for the mode in which the money is to be drawn
and paid. We cannot ourselves provide in ad-
vance what is to be done with an appropriation
to be made by both Houses. The Senate alone
can take no control over an appropriation that is
to be made by both Houses. This resolution
contemplates a joint appropriation—an appropri-
ation by a bill or joint resolution; and it assumes
m advance that one of the two branches of Con-
gress shall make disposal of it. This btanch of
Congress has now no power to make disposal
of an appropriation that is to be made by both
Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the point of
order raised by the Senator from Louisiana, the
Chair will simply state that it is enough for him
to see that the legal effect of passing this resolu-
tion is not to take money out of the contingent
fund, or any other fund. He has nothing to say
upon the aigument addressed to the consistency of
the resolution. Of course, if the Chair supposed
the resolution required ftioney to be paid out of
the contingent fund, it would first be obliged togo
to the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expensed of the Senate, and then when it
came back it would have to receive three readings
like a bill; but the resolution does not now direct
money to be paid out of the contingent fund.
Mr. MASON, if I understand the resolution
aright, as modified, the Chair is certainly right in
its construction. It does not direct money to be
paid ft om any possible source; butit seems to mc,
with all possible respect to the mover, that the res-
olution is insensible on its face. It directs the
Secretary to pay this money to the employes of
the Senate, whenever there shall be an appropri-
ation for the purpose. Now, whenever there is
an appropriation for the purpose, the appropria-
tion itself will direct the payment; and it is there-
fore, as the Senator from Louisiana has well said,
a mode of doing indirectly what, if done at all, I
think it is due by the Senate to itself, should be
done directly. If it be the judgment of the Senate
that the officers of the Senate should receive this
or any other additional compensation, there is a
direct mode of doing it.
I wish to say a few words upon the general
subject. When I first came into the Senate some
years ago, I found the practice to be for the Sen-
ate, at the close of each session, perhaps regu-
larly or irregularly,! do not remember which, to
make a compensation, in the nature of a gratuity
or a bounty to its officers, so much to the pages,
so much to the messengers, &c. It was found, in
the experience of the Senate, to be an inconve-
nient and disagreeable matter, and one of very
doubtful expediency and propriety. It was found,
also, that the organization of the Senate was lead-
ins- to the practice which prevailed in the House
ol Representatives, periodically, at the commence-
ment of every new Congiess, to change the offi-
cers and bring in a new set, upon some principle
of rotation; and, after a good deal of consultation
