1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
The question of the effect of the evidence was
not to be decide^ by this committee; that would
be to substitute their opinion for the judgment of
the House. That question would properly arise
after it was taken, and when it was considered by
the House, and not before. And upon that sub-
ject there might be great differences of opinion.
Each member would be entitled to judge and de-
cide for himself, with all the facts before him.
And the majority of the committee', in overruling
the judgmentand order of the House, and in sub-
stituting their views, have not only disobeyed its
authority, but deprived every member of his right
to have the facts before him, and of judging and
deciding thereon for himself.
The House and the majority of said committee
are directly atissue. Whether the dignity and au-
thority of the House shall be maintained and its
order enforced, or,in this manner, overruled and
defeated, is a matter to be decided by the House.
The duty of the minority in this respect has been
performed by calling its attention to the subject,
and stating the facts as an explanation and apol-
ogy on their part for not proceeding with the in-
vestigation, namely, that they were prevented
from doing so by the action of the majority, which,
at the last meeting, after directing one of their
number to make a report, adjourned the com-
mittee without day.
ii. evidence taken.
The majority of the committee say the only
proof they deem material is documentary, " about
which there can be no dispute." Had that been
the opinion of the House, no investigating com-
mittee would have been ordered. The majority
return an opinion that the facts to be investigated
are immaterial; in other words, they arc m favor
of the Lecompton constitution, no matter how
dishonest and fraudulent it may be, and no mat-
tor how much the people may be opposed to it.
Therefore, all the evidence proposed, they say, is
immaterial; yet they present quite an imposing
statement in their report as a full history of this
constitution. 1. The to take the sense of the
people as to calling a convention. 2. The law to
call theconvention. 3. Theregistry and apportion-
ment. 4. The proceedings of the convention. 5.
The constitution. 6. The vote as to the pretended
adoption of the constitution. All these they deem
material. And they say they permitted the fol-
lowing to be taken as immaterial: 7. The law of
December 17, 1857, submitting the constitution to
a fair vote. 8. The result, as certified, of that elec-
tion. 9. Mr. Calhoun's statement to Senator
Green. When tins statement is examined, it
will be found that no evidence has been taken, of
any kind sought or contemplated.
The laws referred to as published, and the con-
stitution as presented, all could have, and they
have, in no way been proved before the commit-
tee. How these laws have been executed, or
what has been done under them, is not shown.
Tluueis no proof as to the proceedings taken
under the first law. It is said only a few votes
wojc given, and that it could in no sense indicate
the sentiment of the people. There is no evidence,
even, which way the majority was, so far as votes
were given. There is no evidence as to the num-
ber of people there are in Kansas; but the best
evidence to be had would not make its whole pop-
ulation fifty thousand —not enough to entitle it to
admission, or to a single Representative in Con-
gress.
Tiie proceedings under the law to elect dele-
gates are not shown. A copy of an extract of
a Kansas newspaper has been obtained, which is
not evidence, and which, ifadmitted, only shows
that the law was not complied with. The result
or vote at this election is not shown. The pro-
ceedings of the convention are only shown by
producing a part of a mutilated journal, called the
journal of the convention, but not proved in any
way. An extract from a newspaper, and part
of a journal, mutilated and not proved, is the sum
tot'jl of faiVs, or evidence of facts, obtained by
this comnintee. The lastpartof the journal, that
which might show something as to the adoption
of the constitution, or about its submission, has
been taken off. There is no proof the constitu-
tion is as adopted by the convention. It has been
in suspicious hands ever since, and there should
be some evidence of its genuineness, as well as
of the election of the delegates according to the Im.
That election was to be held after a censw and
registry of all the legal voters 1 There is no evi-
dence this was done. What a full compliance
with the order of the House! In one word, there
has been no legal evidence of any fact taken be-
fore the committee. The House might as well
not have ordered the committee as to have one
thus appointed, and thus refusing to act.
iii.—enabling act.
The Territories of the United States are under
the government and control of Congress. No
legal proceedings can be taken to organize a State
government in a Territory, except by the author-
ity of Congress. Any proceeding adopted in the
Territory for that purpose, (without such author-
ity,) whether originating with the Legislature or
the people, can only be regarded as an unauthor-
ized voluntary application, and is entitled to no
consideration, except as an Expression of the sen-
timents and wishes of the people. If it is clearly
shown to be the expression of the will of a ma-
jority of the people, Congress may adopt it; other-
wise it should be rejected.
The Territorial Legislature, as such, has no
power to call a convention to form a State consti-
tution, in order " to subvert" the territorial gov-
ernment. In the case of Arkansas this was so
decided by the Attorney General,Mr. Butler. He
said:
" To suppose that the legislative powers granted to the
Geneial A^emhly include the authonty to abrogate, alter,
or modify, the territorial government established by the art
of Congie«s, and of which the Assembly is a constituent
part, would be manifestly absurd. ('onM-quenily, it is not
in the power uf the General Assembly of Arkansas to pass
any law for the pin pose of electing members to a conven-
tion to form a constitution and State government, nor to do
any othci act, ducctly or indirectly, to cieate such new gov-
ernment. livery r-uch law, even though it weie approved
by the Governor of the Teiritorv, would be null and void;
if parted by them, notwithstanding hi> veto, by a vote of
two thirds of each biauch, it would still be equally void."
In the case of Michigan, the President (then in
the Senate) held the same doctrine. He said:
'* No Senator will pretend that the Territorial Legislature
had any right whatevei to pass laws enabling the people to
elect delegates to a convention for the purpose of forming
a State constitution. It was an act of usurpation on their
pait." i
But the President and his friends insist that
the organic act, in this case, conferred upon the !
people of Kansas the right to form their State con-
stitution in their own way. If this were conceded,
the authority was given to the people, and not to
the Legislature. The authority granted to the
Legislature is specified m that act, and none was
given in any form to call a convention to form a
State constitution. If the act authorized the peo-
ple to form a Stale constitution, it was independ-
ent of the Legislature; and the Topeka constitu-
tion was made and adopted in a legal and regular
manner.
iv. topeka constitution.
Early in 1855, and long before the Lecompton
fraud was planned, impelled by the alarming con-
dition of the Territory, the people took proceed-
ings to form a State constitution, to ask admis-
sion as a State, and place themselves under the
protection of law. The first convention of dele-
gates elected, met at Topeka on the 19th of Sep-
tember, 1855. They made no constitution, but
provided for a fair election of delegates to a con-
stitutional convention in October, 1855. And at a
general election, delegates were fairly elected from
the whole Territory, by a vote of two thousand
seven hundred and ten, all voting who chose to
vote, and the rest assenting, according to the latest
Democratic crced. The delegates assembled and
proceeded to form a free-State constitution —one as
unobjectionable as that of any State m the Union.
That convention directed the constitution to be
submitted to a vote of the people for their adop-
tion or rejection, at an election to be held on the
loth of December, 1855. At that election, it was
voted upon and adopted by a vote of between two
and three thousand, only forty-six votes being j
given against it. j
As before, this election was fair, and all had an '
opportunity to vote, and all were therefore con- !
eluded. !
This movement originated with the people. It !
was three times before them at elections, at the  
last of which it was fairly adopted. At each of
these elections a larger vote was given than was
given for the Lecompton delegates. And if ever
those not voting should be held as assenting and
concluded, it should be so held in this instance.
The people of Kansas have, then," in their- own
way, and in strict accordance with the organic
act, framed a constitution and State government,' *
" which is republican in form," according to the
President'sown theory. This constitution framed
at Topeka was, in truth and in fact, the act and
deed of the people of Kansas, made by them, with-
out any dictation, and in their own way. If no
enabling act was necessary, it was strictly legal
and regular. And, in any view, it was as legal
and regular as the Lecompton constitution can be
regarded. Besides, it was fairly submitted to, and
adopted oy, the people. The other never was.
As early, then, as December, 1855, there had been
a State constitution not only made, but adopted
by the people, and the Territory was prepared for
admission as a State. If, after that time, as the
President insists, " no authority existed in the
Territorial Legislature which could possibly de-
stroy its existence or change its character,"then
the whole oftheproceedingsofthe Lecomptonites
were irregular and void*. For the law to elect the
Lecompton delegates was passed by the Territo-
rial Legislature in February, 1857, more than a
year after the people of Kansas had, in their own
way, made and adopted a constitution, and pre-
pared the Territory for admission as a State.
v.—lecompton constitution.
The first proceedings for the Lecompton con-
vention were taken, not by Congress, or by the
people of Kansas, but by the so-called Territorial
Legislature. This was irregular and wrong.
1. If it had been a legal Legislature it had no
power to do thus. "It ions an act of usurpation "
according to the President.
2. This was not a legal Legislature; it was
not elected by the people; it could not represent
them. It was an unlawful assembly, imposed
upon the people of Kansas by foreign violence
and votes, as has been established by legal evi-
dence, taken by order of the last Congress. Con-
gress could not make this illegal assembly the
real representatives of the people. It never at-
tempted to do so, as has been erroneously as-
sumed. The people refused to recognize it. And
in the last Congress the House of Representatives
denied its authority and declared all its proceed-
ings void. The following is a copy of the pre-
amble and first section of the act as passed by the
House:
Ck Whereas the President of the United States transmitted
to the House, by message, a printed pamphlet purporting to
be the Saws of the Territory of Kansas, passed at Shawnee
Mission, in saidTeiritory: and whereas unjust and unwar-
ranted test oaths are prescribed by said laws as a qualifi-
cation for voting or holding office in satd Territory: and
whereas the committee of investigation sent by the House
to Kansas report that said Legislature was not eleeted by
the legal voters of Kansas, but was forced upon them by
non-ieMdents, m violation of the organic act of the Tern-
tory, and having thus usurped legislative power, it enacted
cruel and oppressive laws: Theiofoie,
ii lie it enacted hy the Senate and Home of Representatives
of ike United States of America in Congress assembled, That
ail rules or regulations purporting to bo law«,os m the form
of law, adopted at Shawnee Mission, in the Temtory of
Kansas, by a body of men claiming to be the Legislative
Assembly'of said Territory, and all acts and proceedings
whatsoever of said Assembly, are hereby declared invalid,
and of no binding force or effect."
For both reasons thp. law calling the convention wets
void. But even that law was never complied with.
3. The census and registry were never maie as
required.
The law under which the delegates to the Lc-
compton convention claimed their election, passed
by this unauthorized and illegal Legislature, is
said to be " a fair law." It required a census to
be taken, and a registry of all the legal voters in the
Territory to be made, before that election; the
lists of voters to be carefully corrected by the pro-
bate judges; one copy of such corrected lists to be
filed with the Governor, another with the Secre-
tary, and copies of the voters in each election dis-
trict to be printed, and generally distributed among
the inhabitants; one copy to be delivered to each
judge of (.-lections, and three copies to be posted
up at each place of voting. Jind no person ivas to
be permitted to vote whose name did not appear on
suck corrected lists. After the census and registry
