1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
here, either asking or consenting to admission
under this detestable fraud.
But even if we should, for the sake of the argu-
ment, admit the validity of the law authorizing
the Leeompton convention by conceding the legal
existence of the bogus Legislature, still its organ-
ization was fraudulent and in utter violation of
the pretended law authorizing it. If it be ad-
mitted that this political Burdell might have been
the father of such a child, still it is as clear as the
noon-day sun that it was never born of its pre-
tended mother, but was a bantling from the low-
est ranks of fraud, vice, and usurpation.
Mr. Walker, in speaking on that subject, says:
" That convention had vital, not technical, defects in the
very substance of us organization under the territorial law,
winch could only be cured, in my judgment-—as set forth in
my inaugural and other addresses—by the submission of the
constitution for ratification or rejection by the people. On
reference to the temtoual law under which the convention
was assembled, thirty-four regulaily-organized counucs
were named as election districts for delegates to the con-
vention. In each and all of these counties it was required
by law that a census should be taken, and the voters legis-
tered; and when this was completed, the delegates to the
convention should be apportioned accordingly. In nineteen
of these counties there*was no census, and thereto) e there
could be no such apportionment there of delegates based
upon such census. Ami in fifteen of these counties there
was no iegistiy of voteis.
" These fifteen counties, including many of the oldest
organized counties of the Territory, wete entirelv di&fian-
elnsed. and did not give, and (by no fault of their own) could
not give a solitary vote for delegates to the convention."
Mr. Stanton, the acting1-Governor of Kansas,
under whom this registry was made, and this
ccnsus taken, says:
u Thoie arc thirty ei«?ht counties, gentlemen, in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas * including the distant county of Arapahoe.
In nineteen of thene coiiuttos an impoileet register was
obuuned, giving a vote of nine thousand two hundred and
fifr>-one. "in tne other nineteen counties theie was nocen-
fciis and no jejrMratioti."
That is, nineteen thirty-fourths of the districts
were left out altogether from the very basis of
representation.
In nine of the disfranchised counties in which
no census was taken, 1,034 votes were cast against
the constitution, as certified by Denver:
With ft-'Uhout
Counties. Jlg/iinti, sluvcnj, slat-cry. Total.
Allen  19-2 I -1 1%
Anderson J77 - - 177
Bieekimidgc ~ - l('l
<'oflee <103
J)avts  <21
Fiunidin 30-1
M.uhvon  40
Richardson   177
Woodson   50
4 407
*21
301
40
1 178
50
\&n
The whole number of votes given for all the
delegates to the Leeompton convention was be-
tween seventeen and eighteen hundred; but the
number east for those members who signed the
constitution could not have exceeded one thou-
sand. And yet 1,G'M, without any fault of their
own, were excluded lYom voting m nine of the
nineteen disfranchised counties. From the other
disfranchised counties I have no returns.
As has been fully shown by the distinguished
•Senator from Illinois, by Governor WalKer, Mr.
Srcietnry Stanton, and others, the Lav directed
n ccnsus to be taken in a!! the counties, and a
registration to be made of all the le *al voters, by
officers appointed for the pmpose, over whose ap-
pointment the people could have no control. Th is
census was imperfectly taken in one half of the
counties, and not taken, or attempted to be taken
at all, in the other counties. The registration of
qualified voters was not attempted in fifteen coun-
ties, and imperfectly, even fraudulently done, in
the other counties. Admit, if you please, that
the census and enrollment were more imperfect in
these counties fiom the hostility of a portion of
the people to the whole schcme: still the fact re-
mains that nineteen counties were partially and
fifteen counties wholly disfranchised m utter vio-
lation of the law authorizing the convention, and,
as Governor Walker well says, 44 without any
fault of the people." Grant, if you please, for the
sake of the argument, that the people did wrong
in not voting for delegates in the counties where
they could: still the fact remains that these other
counties were disfranchised without any fault of
their own, and this in violation of the pretended
law of the convention's existence. Every attempt
made by these counties to cxcrcisw then- righto
was defeated by the rejection of the members
which they did elect, for the very reason that no
registry had been made for them. Nine of these
nineteen disfranchised counties have since, at an
election authorized by theTerritorialLegislature,
admitted to have been fairly elected in October
last, and recognized by the President in his in-
structions to Governor Denver, cast nearly as
many votes against the constitution as were cast in
the whole Territory for the delegates who framed
it. Many of the delegates elected were chosen with
the distinct understanding, nay, under the writ-
ten pledge, that the constitution to be framed, not
the slavery clause under the constitution, but the
constitution itself, should be submitted to the
whole people for their acceptance or rejection.
Without this pledge they could not have been
elected. But when their work is completed they
refuse to submit it to the vote of the people, be-
i cause they would vote it down—the very reason
| that makes submission imperative. But the Pres-
I ident comes to the rescue by giving us to under-
' stand that the#people would liave voted it down
without leferenee to us merits? Sir, who made him
the judge of the leasons that control the votes of
freemen ? Why should our Chief Magistrate take
this step in advance of the worst tyranny that ever
existed? He tells us it is impossible for any peo-
ple to proceed more regularly in the formation of
a constitution than has been done in Kansas. Sir,
I submit, it is«impossible for proceedings to be
more irregular or unfair; impossible that the sub-
version of the laws and the disregard of the pop-
ular will in any Territory could be more complete.
And whatever may be our action, whether we vote
for or against this Lecompton-Cunningham con-
trivance, it will stand fox* all time, whenever jus-
! tice and fair dealing, libert}* and truth, shall be
respected as the very synonym of fraud and trick-
ery,of usurpation and violence; m short, of every
element of tyranny.
i The President thinks we mistake the state of
[ affairs in Kansas. The people are not divided
into political parties simply striving for the mas- ,
tery, but a portion of them arc m rebellion against
the laws. 1 give the substance of his remarks
without having his language before me. Sir, if
the President had characterized the invasion of
30th March, which, by the aid of a small minor-
ity—not over six hundred of the two thousand
nine hundred and live legal voters of the Territory
—usurped the government and trampled the or-
ganic law under their feet, and all the outrages
traceable directly to this overthrow of the organic
act of the Territory, as rebellion, we might, for
once, have conceded that he was right. But I
deny that resistance to a subversion of the law is
rebellion against the law. Resistance to the over-
throw of the law is m the highest sense obedience
to the law. And let the Administration beware,
lest by their aid and comfort to usurpers they be
found violators of the law. Resistance to usurp-
ers is obedience to law ? Let us not be diverted
I fiom the real question. Away with all side issues.
Let us hear no more about Kansas being rejected
simply because the Leeompton constitution rec-
ognizes slavery. Sir, I repeat, Kansas is not here
asking admission with or without slavery. This
is not her act and deed. Its presentation here is
in direct opposition to the territoiial authority
established by Congress, and is rebellion.
Upon the second branch of this subject I
scarcely need detain the committee one moment.
So far from rejecting the will of the people, this
whole scheme is detested, loathed, and scorned by
at least four fifths of all the le^al voters in the
Territory, its friends were obliged to violate
their solemn written pledges to submit it to the
people for ratification or rejection, to save it from
oblivion. And atrempis are made to give reasons
why the most unreasonable majouty would have
rejected it. From a careful examination of the
facts, aided by some knowledge of the Territory
j j and its people, it is my deliberate judgment that
'| there are not two thousand five hundred legal
,j voters in the Territory who approve of this pre-
ij tended constitution. Of all the votes cast or re-
I; turned on the 21st of December, in my opinion
:(at least four thousand of them were fraudulent.
1 i Of one tiling I am certain. I can demonstrate
j beyond all power of successful contradiction that
■I down to the 1st of July, lb.")'3, the time of making
' i the Kansas report, the pro-slavery party had
' never polled, at any election m the Territory,
seven hundred legal votes. Gentlemen talk about
Abolitionists and " emigrant aid societies," Sir,
of all the free-State men in Kansas, when I was
there, more'than three fourths of them wereKan-
sas-Nebraska Democrats. And especially is this
true of those wlfbse course has been most loudly
condemned. This is true of Lane, Roberts,
Jenkins, and others.
Another fact is apparent to every observer.
A large proportion, probably more than half, of
the emigrants from Missouri who came into the
Territory pro-slavery men as actual settlers, have
become free-State men, and are now among the
most inflexible opponents of this Leeompton
swindle. The better feelings of their natures re-
volted against the fraud and trickery and violence
practiced, and they remonstrated, protesting that
"Kansasshould be made a slave State by fairmeans,
or not at all. They were abused and denounced,
and then, as some of them expressed it, they
" got on to the fence," andafter a while, " come
clear over"—a process similar to that developed
in the history of the four Governors. Gentlemen
talk of the Emigrant Aid Society," and 1 was
amused at the remarks of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Anderson,] the other day, on this sub-
ject, in connection with the frauds of the 30th of
March, 1855. Sir, I could have told that gentleman
the precise number of votes cast at that election by
" emigrant aid men," sent out during the whole
four months immediately preceding that election.
I could have told him how many went out under
the auspices of the society; how many of them
were women and children; how many men; and
how many of them voted at this election; and
what their names were. But for the reluctance I
always feel at interrupting zealous speakers, I
should have told him; for I was sorry to witness
those random thrusts with his virgin blade into
this oft-assaulted phantom. Right valiantly he
renewed the assault upon this Quixotic wind-
mill. I could have told him that the whole num-
ber sent out after the close of navigation m the fall
of 1854, down to and including the 30 th of March,
1855, (the day of election,) under the auspices
of the Emigrant Aid Society, was one hundred
and sixty-six persons, of whom sixty-nine were
women and children, and ninety-seven men; and
of these, only thirty-seven voted at this election,
and they became actual settlers and had a right to
vote. Sir, I measure my terms with exact accu-
racy when I say the number was thirty-seven.
It was not thirty-eight, or thirty-six, or any other
number, more or less, than thirty-seven. And
yet the hundredth time, more or less, this bug-
bear is trotted out to divert attention from, and to
excuse, palliate, and justify, a complete subver-
sion of the organic act by an armed invasion of
five thousand men, under the control of secret
conclaves, gotten up for the express purpose of
slavery propagandist!.
Sir, I care nothing for the emigrantaid societies.
I never belonged to them. I never aided them in
any way. "Hut, after the most careful examina-
tion of all the facts, I do not believe it can be
shown that one single northern man ever went to
Kansas for the express purpose of voting at any
election without the intention of settling in the
Territory. The efforts of the North, so far as
they appear, were directed to promoting the set-
tlement of the country by men who sympathized
with their views, and not to the defeat of the will
of the actual settlers by spurious votes, or by vio-
lence.
At the election held on the 4th of January last,
an election admitted to*be lawful and peaceful,
at which more votes were polled than have ever
been given at any other election, this constitution
was voted down by more than ten thousand ma-
jority. The Territorial Legislature, who fairly
reflect the will of a vast majority of the people,
by a unanimous vote declare the whole thing is
the work of a small minority of the people living
in nineteen of the thirty-eight counties only. With
I the greatest possible solemnity, and in the highest
' forms known to the law, they protest against this
j being the expression of the will of the people of
I Kansas, or its being received as her act and deed.
| But why dwell longer? Amidst the most persist-
ent, systematic efforts to stifle inquiry, to throttle
! every attempt at investigation, the evidences of
i this wicked and foul conspiracy rise on every hand,
j mountain high. It was so when the committee
: weie prosecuting their labor in Kansas in 185G.
