.238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
were " completed," and not before, an apportion-
ment of the delegates to be elected was to be made
by the Governor and Secretary, " by dividing the
whole number of legal voters in the Territory by
sixty."
No such census and registry were ever made and
completed-," and consequently no apportionment
of delegates could legally be made under the law.
4. The census and registry never being " com-
pleted," the apportionment was made in violation
of taw, and the convention was illegally constituted,
even if the law had been valid.
By a copy of an extract from a Kansas news-
paper, directed to be obtained by a majority of the
select committee, (the only evidence given of the
census and registry required by the law,) it ap-
pears a census was made in fourteen counties,
and a registry in eighteen counties. There being
thirty-eight counties in Kansas, this left twenty-
four counties in which no census was taken, and
twenty counties in which no registry was made.
(Often called nineteen, but in fact twenty,asnow
appears.) These twenty counties were wholly de-
prived of delegates or representation, and no one
residing in them could vote.
The pro-slavery party had the whole machinery
of the territorial government in their hands; and
it was their duty to see this law faithfully exe-
cuted. They did not do this. The registry was
unfairly made as far as it went. Non-residents
were registered in all the border counties, and the
free-State voters, to a large extent, were design-
edly omitted. In the eleventh and eighteenth dis-
tricts some counties were registered, and others
omitted. The counties in which the pro-slavery
party claimed majorities were registered, and the
others omitted. This was as unfair and as much
a violation of the law, as it would have been to
register one party, and omit the other; indeed,
that was done in effect. All the border counties,
where colonizations and frauds could be practiced,
and where the pro-slavery party were strongest.,
were registered; and those where the free-State
party were strongest were omitted.
Governor Stanton said, in a recent speech, that
he was " satisfied the officers did not perform
their duty even in the eighteen counties in which
an imperfect registry was obtained;" that, in
some instances, he knew they did not do their
duty. And he said he knew the officers refused to
take the census, or make the registry, as required,
in some instances; and that, if he had then known
the facts since ascertained, he would not have
made the apportionment. And ho certainly ought
not to have done so. The registry was fraudulent
as far as it went, and it never was " completed."
The apportionment and election under it were in
direct violation of the very law ordering the elec-
tion, and in violation of the rights of every legal
voter who was disfranchised by this law, and the
manner in which it was fraudulently executed.
The law was thus made a means and an instru-
ment of fraud!
No one denies that these twenty counties, by
the fault of pro-slavery officers of the Territory,
were deprived of the right to vote, and to be rep-
resented. But, again, it is said not to be material,
as Calhoun says there were not many voters!
Even the committee of fifteen agreed that his state-
ments were no evidence, and much less could his
opinions be. But who knows how many voters
there were in these twenty counties, settled as rap-
idly as Kansas had been' No one; no reliable
estimate could be made, even by an honest man.
That was one reason why a registry was required.
The law required a registry of all the legal voters.
These partisan officers could not deprive a single
county of the right to vote, and of representation,
but by a direct violation of the law. But the pre-
tense that there were but a few voters in these
counties is untrue in fact. Governor Walker
states that fifteen of these counties, " in which
there was no registry, gave a much larger vote at
the October election, even with the six-months'
qualification, than the whole vote given to the del-
egates who signed the Lecompton constitution."
It cannot be known how many more there were
who did not vote. More than half the counties
were deprived of representation, and nearly half
the legal voters of their right to vote—taking into
account the many omitted in the eighteen regis-
tered counties, and the total omission of all in the
remaining twenty counties. Had these counties
been represented, it would have controlled the re-
sult, not only as to submitting the constitution to
a vote, but as to what it should be; for so well did
the delegates understand the farce they enacted,
and how much their proceedings outraged public
sentiment, that only a bare majority attended.
The constitution was adopted by less than a ma-
jority of the convention, and the refusal to submit
it was decided by a majority of only two of those
attending, as it is said!
It is said the people prevented a registry from
being taken. This is not shown. The majority
refuse proof, and then resort to such allegations.
It would have been disproved had evidence been
taken. The pro-slavery party had the power in
their hands: three thousand United States troops,
" dragoons and a battery." This law did notaf-
fect the persons or property of the people. Their
names only were required. In every settlement
they could have been readily obtained. The law
allowed an officer for each precinct. It might
as well be objected that the census could only
be taken in half the States because some maiden
lady in one of them refused to give her age, (which
her next door neighbor would readily have done;)
after which all further efforts were abandoned.
Those refusing, if any, were liable to penalties;
those not refusing had a- right to be registered.
Did each voter in twenty counties refuser Ask
Calhoun. It was not pretended to be taken. It
was not intended to be taken. This was only an-
other fraud. And this silly pretense shows there
is no answer to be made to it.
A copy of the census registry and apportion-
ment, as it now appears, is annexed.
Counties. Districts. Population. Voters. Delegates.
Uomplian  1 4,120 1,086 7
Brown ) 0 No returns. 206 ? «
Nemaha i 512 140 $ *
Atchison 3 S,807 840 5
J.eavenwoitli 4 5,529 1,837 12
Jefii'rfcon  5 No returns. 555 4
Calhoun  6 885 GUI 2
Marshall  7 415 206 1
Riley  ) u Norciurns. 353? .
Pottawatomie... S No returns. 205 J
Johnson  9 890 4!)G 3
Douglas 10 3,7-->7 1,318 8
Shawnee l No returns. 283 y
Itieliaulson   11 No returns. No returns. > 2
Uavis.  ) No returns. No returns. )
JLyliciis 12 821 413 3
Franklin 13 No returns. No returns.
Four counties 14 No returns. No returns.
Two counties.... .15 No "returns. No returns.
l.iou 16 821 415 3
One county 17 No teturns. No returns,
fjoiubon ] No returns. No returns
MeUee i No returns. No returns, l .
Allen [iD 2,62:2 645 ' *
Bom J No returns. No rciurns.
Five counties 19 No returns. No returns.
23,149
9,2.51
60
Four counties were wholly omitted in the fore-
going list. There are thirty-eight counties in all.
Thirty-six counties are named m the constitution.
It then gives one Senator and one Representative
to the country lying west of Wise, Butler, Davis,
and Hunter, not naming the counties. There are
two counties west of these, Arrapahoe being one.
VI.—POPULATION INSUFFICIENT.
In fourteen counties where the census was taken
there were twenty-three thousand one hundred
and forty-nine inhabitants. To these counties fifty
of the sixty delegates were given. At the same
rate as to voters, the population in the other four
registered counties would be four thousand six
hundred and twenty-nine—making a total in the
eighteen counties of twenty-seven thousand seven
hundred and sixty-eight—not one third enough
for a single Representative, which requires about
ninety-three thousand five hundred. If the twenty
counties not registered contain only some three
thousand inhabitants, as our opponents assert,
Kansas has only one third the population required
for her admission as a State. And that is a good
objection. If these twenty counties have twenty
thousand inhabitants, the number is still too small
for admission, while it is so large as to destroy
all pretense of fairness in the election of delegates
to the Lecompton convention. The fraud would
vitiate the proceedings; and in any view the num-
beris not much more than half enough. The time
has not arrived for the people to determine their
own institutions for themselves.
VII.—REMONSTRANCE OF THE LEGISLATURE.
The Legislature recently elected, and fairly
representing the people of Kansas, protest against
the Lecomptpn constitution, as follows:
(< Preamble and joint resolutions in relation to the constitu-
tion framed at Lecompton, Kansas Territory, on the 1th
day of Novemberj 1857.
(C Whereas, a small minority of people living in nineteen
of the thirty-eight counties of this Territory, availing them-
selves of a law which enabled them to obstruct and defeat
a fair expression of the popular will, did, by the odious and
oppressive application of the provisions and partisan ma-
chinery of said law, procure the return of the whole num-
ber of the delegates of the constitutional convention re-
cently assembled at Lecompton ; and whereas, by reason
of the defective provisions of said law, in connection with
the neglect and misconduct of the authorities charged with
the execution of the same, the people living within the re-
maining nineteen counties of the Territory were not per-
mitted to return delegates to said convention, were not
recognized m its organization, or in any other sense heard
or felt in its deliberations; and whereas, it is an axiom in
political ethics that the people cannot be deprived of their
rights by the negligence or misconduct of public officers ;
and whereas, a minority—to wit, twenty-eight only of the
sixty members of said convention—have attempted, by an
unworthy contrivance, to impose upon the whole people
of this Territory a constitution without consulting their
wishes, and against their will; and whereas, the members
of said convention have refused to? submit their action for
the appiovai or disapproval of the voters of the Territory,
and in thus acting have defied the known will of nine
tenths of the voters thereof; and whereas, the action of a
fragment of said convention, representing as they did a
small minority of the voters of the Territory, repudiates and
crushes out the distinctive principle of the1 Nebraska act,'
and violates and tramples under foot the rights and the sov-
ereignty of the people; and whereas, from the foregoing
statement of facts, it clearly appears that the people have
not b( en left (free to form and regulate their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way,' but. on t&e contrary, at every
stage in the anomalous proceedings recited, they have been
prevented from so doing:
" Be it therefore resolved by the Governor and Legislative
Assembly of Kansas Territory, That the people of Kansas
being opposed to said constitution, Congress has no rightful
power under it to admit said Territory into the Union as a
State, and the representatives of said people do hereby, in
their name and on their behalf, solemnly protest againstsuch
admission.
" Resolved, That such action on the part of Congress
would, in the judgment of the members of the Legislative
Assembly, be an entire abandonment of the doctrine of non-
intervention in the affairs of the Territory, and a substitu-
tion in its stead of congressional intervention in behalf of a
minority engaged in a disreputable attempt to defeat the will
and violate the rights of the majority.
" Resolved, That the people of Kansas Territory claim
the right, through a legal and fair expression of the will of
a majority of her citizens, to form and adojit a constitution
for themselves.
"Resolved, That the Governor of this Territory he re-
quested to forward a copy of the foregoing preamble and
resolutions to the President of the United States, the Presi-
dent of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives, and to the Delegate in Congress from theTerrltory.,,
These facts, thus authoritatively stated by the
legal Legislature of the Territory, should be taken
as indisputable, unless disproved by higher evi-
dence, that has not been done or attempted. And
these facts brand that constitution as irregular
and fraudulent, and prove that the people of Kan-
sas are opposed to it.
vm.—PLEDGES.
In 1820, the Missouri compromise line was es-
tablished by southern votes; and Kansas and all
the other territory acquired of Prance north of that
line was pledged to freedom, and slavery therein
" forever prohibited."
This, like all efforts to admit slave States, was
apolitical question, to increase and extend the un-
equal political power given to the owners of slave
property, by the admission of new slave States,
with their Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress. The effort to m&ke feansas a slave State,
has the same object in view. The slave States
have about six million of free people. The free
States about thirteen million. Yet the slave States
have already more than four times the extent of
territory, admitted as new States, in proportion
to their population, that the free States nave. The
slave owners numbered, in 1850, less than three
hundred and forty-seven thousand, yet they are
counted, in representation, at between two and
three million; and they have, by this unequal
power, controlled the Government for the last
sixty years. They wish to make this inequality
still greater, and to make their power absolute.
Nine new slave States have been added, with
eighteen Senators and forty-eight Representatives
in Congress. And this unequal power is held by
