1858.]
APPEJNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
them oil. New free States have not been added
in the same proportion. According to population,
the additions made to slavery are more than four
times what has been allowed to the free States in
proportion to their numbers. But all this does
not satisfy the slave power!
Hence, when Kansas was to be settled, they
made their arrangements to reduce that to sla-
very. To do this, the Missouri prohibition was
repealed, in 1854, against the uniform action of
the Government from the day of its establishment,
upon the plea that it was unconstitutional, that
Congress had no power to legislate upon the sub-
ject of slavery, and the great principle that it be-
longed to the people was adopted. To extend
slavery into free territory, the compromise of
' 1820 and the finality of 1850 shared the same
fate; the slavery question was reopened and re-
newed ; it was unsettled where it had been set-
tled , and the struggle transferred to the people of
the Territory to be again settled by them. They
have again settled it; but their decision is now
disregarded ! By the terms of that act Congress
and the Government were bound not to interfere,
- but to leave the people " perfectly free" to settle
that question for themselves in their own way.
The Democratic party declared that as their party
creed in their Cincinnati platform. The Presi-
dentindorsed it. He got upon it so emphatically,
he thought he was a pait of it, and in his inau-
gural approved of the conception of Congress in
applying the rule " that the will of the majority
shall govern in the settlement of the question of
domestic slavery in the Territories," and said " it
was the imperative and indispensable duty of the
Government of the United States to secure to every
resident inhabitant the free and independent ex-
pression of Ins opinion by his vote. This sacred
right of each individual must be preserved,." How
was this sacred right of each individual preserved
at the election for delegates?
In his instructions to Governor Walker he said:
" The institutions of Kansas should be established by the
voto^ of the people of Kaus&s, unawed and uninterrupted
by loice or liaud.55
And further that
When <5ucli a constitution shall be submitted to the peo-
ple of the Tcmtorv, they mast he protected in the excicise
of their tights to vote fj'r or agains£ the inUrument. And
the tair expre.-.-itui of thy popular will must not be inter-
rupted by tiaud oi violence."
And in his letter to the Connecticut clergymen,
he said:
" It is my imperative duty to employ the tioops of the
United Slates, should llm become necessaiy, in defending
the convention against violence while framing the ccmsti-
tution, and in protoftina the bona Jidn inhabitants qualihed
to vote, uuiler the proviMOiisof this instrument, vn the free
excrciyc <>J- the rights of svjj rugc, when it shall be submitted
to them jor appioitdwa or icjecUon."
This was on the 15th August last. Up to that
time it was not only their right to vote upon the
constitution, but it was his imperative duty to
piotect them in the exercise of that right.
Governor Walker and Secretary Stanton, in
their published letteis and speeches, state that
they pledged their honor and character to the peo-
ple of Kansas, in every way, that the constitution
should be submitted to them for adoption or re-
jection. And told them they expressed the views
of the President and the whole Cabinet. They
'spoke to them officially as the officers of the Pres-
ident. Even the delegates to the convention gave
pledges to see that this was done—a majority of
thetn in writing, as it is stated. A copy of one
of these is annexed as an example:
To the Uemocialic ivten of Douglas county :
It bavins? been stared by that Abolition newspaper, Hie
Herald ot Freedom, and bv «ome di-afi'eoted bogus Demo-
crats, who have pot up an independent ticket, loi the pur-
pose of scouring the vote of the Black Republicans, that the
regular nominees ot the Democratic contention were op-
pose.} to .submitting the eon-Utution to the peopie, we, the
candidates of the Demociatic paity, submit the iolloving
resolutions, which were adopted by the Democratic con-
vention which placed us m nomination > and which we fully
and heartily indorse, as a complete letutation of the slan-
ders above lelevred to.
John Calhoun', A. W. Jokes,
W. S Wells, II. Butcher,
I,. S. Bombing, John M. Wallace,
Wm. 'J' Siucet.y, L. A. Pratiier.
Lecomi'TON, Kansas Territory, June 13, 1857.
'• Revolved* That we will support no man as a delegate to
the <•< institutional convention, whose dutj it will be to fiame
the constitution of the futuie State of Kansas, and to moid
the political institutions under winch wc, as a people, are
to hvi*, unless he pledges him&elf fully, freely, and without
leservauon, to use every honorable means to submit the
same to everv ho-na fide actual citizen of Kansas, at the
proper time tor the vote being taken upon the adoption
by the people, in order that the said constitution may be
adopted or rejected by the actual settlers in this Teiritory,
as the majority of the voters shall decide."
All were pledged to this—the party, the Presi-
dent, the Governor, and the Delegates, as deeply
as men could be; yet all these pledges have been
deliberately and wantonly violated by this Ad-
ministration.
IX.—WHY THE CONSTITUTION WAS NOT SUBMITTED.
The answer is easy, why the constitution was
not submitted to the people. Because, if it had
been, it toould have been rejected by a vote of more
than five to one. This was a matter of entire and
ahsolute certainty. The refusal to submit it was
a confession of its weakness. Speaking of the
free-State party, the President says:
"They have ever lefused to sanction or recognize any
other constitution than that framed at Topeka. Had the
whole Lecompion constitution been submitted to the peo-
ple, the ailheients of this oigamzanon would undoubtedly
have voted against it."
But that would have been no harm, and no
reason for refusing to submit it, even with the
pro-slavery party, unless the free-State party, by
voting against it, could have defeated it; and that
is conceding this to be the constitution of a mi-
nority, to which the majority were known to be
opposed. Rebellious people; preferring freedom
to slavery! Why, indeed, submit it to them,
when they were unalterably opposed to it, had
predetermined not to have it, and " would doubt-
less have voted against it?"
Again, the President says they refused to vote
fordelegates to the convention, not because "there
was an omission to icgister the comparatively few
voters who were inhabitants of certain counties of
Kansas," " but because they had predetermined,
at all hazards, to adhere to their revolutionary
organization, and defeat the establishment of any
other constitution than that they hctfl framed at
Topeka." Disloyal subjects! what right had they
to adhere to their own constitution and their own
opinions, against United States troops and Fed-
eral dictation; against a legal minority sustained
by the President1 The " few voters of certain
counties," were all the voters in more than half the
counties of the Territory, by fraud deprived of all
representation and of all right to vote ! Is that
maintaining the sacred right of each individual to
vote ? And if those not voting were free-State
men, as the President assumes—and as is doubtless
the fact—they composed more than three fourths
of the legal voters, even in the registered counties.
Here, those who could vote are censured for not
voting ! They expected and desired to vote upon
the constitution, but that is not allowed, because
they " would doubtless have voted against it;"
and the minority had " predetermined, at all haz-
ards, to adhere to" the constitution they had
framed at Lecompton!
The arguments used in favor of this constitu-
tion concede, or assume, that the majority of the
people are opposed to iL. The President does not
deny this; the majority of the committee do not
deny it; no honest, unprejudiced man can deny it.
Is there a member of this House who will rise
here in his place and say that he honestly believes
a majority of the people of Kansas are in favor of
this constitution? I ask for a reply. Will any
one say "yes" to tiiat inquiry ? JVbZotte.' No one
believes it; and yet you are for forcing it upon
them against their will. Is that your non-inter-
vention? Is that the "popular sovereignty" you
promised them ?
The argument is, one party is legal and the
other illegal; that is, one party has a right to their
opinions, and the other party has not; that the
people in fourteen States will not like it if Kansas
is not made a slave State. Was there any pledge
made to them, because they voted for the Presi-
dent, that Kansas should be made a slave State ?
If not, why should they demand any interierence
by the President? Why should he urge the ab-
surdity that, after a pro-slavery constitution, irre-
pealabte as to slavery, is once firmly fixed upon the
people, they can get rid of it and make it a free
State much easier than they can before? A prop-
osition so repugnant to reason as to require no
answer. Its statement is its refutation. Make it
a slave State, beyond the power of change, but
by revolution, in order to give the majority a bet-
ter chance to make it a free State !
x.—ELECTION ON THE FOURTH OF JANJJA&Y.
The refusal to submit the Lecompton constitu-
tion to the people for their adoption or rejection
in violation of the organic act, of the genera! un-
derstanding, and of all the promises thathad been
made, created such a feeling of just indignation
that acting Governor Stanton, in order to preserve
the public peace, judged it advisable to convene
the Legislature to take such action as might be
deemed proper to prevent the attempted-fraud
from being consummated showing that he at least
intended to fulfill the promises he had made. For
his integrity in this respecthe deserves the thanks
of all good men.
In his message he advised against repealing the
law calling the convention or interfering with its
action, recommending simply the passage of a law
submitting the constitution to a fair vote, and ex-
pressing his confident belief that if adopted, Kan-
sas would be peaceably admitted under it; and
if rejected, that Congress never would violate the
rights of the people by forcing a constitution upon
them against their will fairly expressed. The Le-
gislature met and passed an act in accordance with
this recommendation 011 the 17tli December, 1857,
submitting the constitution fairly to the people at
an election to be held on the 4th of January last.
On that day an election was held under the law,
and according to law, and the vote stood, lor the
constitution, 162; against it, 10,226—being the
largest vote ever polled at any election m Kansas,
and the last election held, and the question being
[ directly upon the Lecompton constitution. The
j election was fairly and peaceably conducted, and •
j this vote stands of record as the actual and legal
expression of the will of the people of Kansas
against this constitution; rejecting it not only by
a majority, but by a vote almost unanimous. The
people have decided, and rejected the Leeompton
constitution.
This election was recognized and approved by
the Administration before it was held, and Gov-
ernor Denver was directed to see it properly con-
ducted " without interruption." And lie did so.
The election was fairly and peaceably conducted.
Secretary Cass, in bin instructions dated lith
December, 1857, says:
" The Teriuorial Legislature doubtless convened on the
7th instant, and while it remains in session its members are
entitled to be secure and liee in their deliberations. Its
rightful action mini also be respcctci. Should it author iza
an election hy the people, for any purpose, this election
should b<; held without interruption, no less than those au-
thon/.ed by the convention. While the peace ot the Terr!-
tory is preserved) and the freedom of elections is secwed,
theie need be no fear of disastrous consequences."
., Why should not the decision of the people of
jj Kansas be respected? It is their right to make
their own constitution; they are to live under it,
and be governed by it. And that right was guar-
antied to them by the organic act. But because
the decision was in favor of freedom and against
slavery, the Administration now disregards this
election. The President objects: First, that he
has hud no " official information" of the result.
Second, that after the doings of the convention,
the Legislature had no power to order the elec-
tion.
1. Jls to notice. The President, upon the prin-
ciples of special pleading, adopted in the message,
does not deny information, but admits it; his
denial is, that "it has not been <■' officially commu-
nicated." If it has not, it is the fault of the Pres-
ident's friends, who give or withhold official
l! information," just as lie wills and directs. Cal-
: houn, president of the bogus convention, has long
been lu-re. Why is official information improp-
erly withheld ? Are the fraudulent returns still
incomplete, or secreted m so many places he has
as yet been unable to gather them together? But
we have an official and admitted report.
PROCLAMATION.
Jn accordance with the provisions of an act entitled "An
act submitting the constitution framed at Lecompton under
the act of the Legislative Assembly of Kansas Territory,
entitled *' An act to provide for taking a census and election
of delegates to a convention,J" passed February 19, A. i).
1607, the undersigned announce the following as the oth-
