1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
the items of the claim, and allow no more than is
just and proper.
Mr. HUNTER. According to the rules of the
Senate, it is provided that:
" Whenever a private biil is under consideration, it shall
be in order to mow, as a substitute for it, a resolution of the
Senate, referring the case to the Ctftnt of Claims."
In regard to the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims, if my colleague will look to the law estab-
lishing the court, lie will find it has most complete
jurisdiction. I offer this resolution as a substitute
for the bill:
Resolved. That the bill (3. No. 2d) for the relief of Alex-
ander J. Atocha, together with the report from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations and the papers relating to the
ease, be lefet rod to the Court of Claims.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I object to the consider-
ation of tiio resolution, as out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The language of
the rule is peculiar; but the Chair is of opinion
that the resolution is in order now. He does not
think it falls within that class of resolutions which
must lie over jf objected to. It is in the nature
of a motion as a substitute.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My objection is not on
that point. We are considering the amendment
of the Senator from Louisiana, and the question is
whether another Senator can interrupt that ques-
tion by offering a resolution. I do not object to
the consideration of the resolution because it is
justoffered. I object to it, bccauseitisoutoftime
and supersedes business, contrary to the rule.
The question is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Louisiana. Before we have taken
a vote on that subject, this resolution is offered.
Is that in order? 1 think not.
Mr. HUNTER. This motion is made under
the 29th rule, which rule is designed to provide,
as I understand, for just such cases. Before we
consider the merits of the bill let us decide whether
or not we shall referittoanother tribunal, where it
can be more properly examined and adjudicated.
Mr, CRITTENDEN. I submit still that that
does not authorize this resolution now. After the
amendment shall have been disposed of, it may
be in order; but it is very extraordinary to me
that a Senator can rise in the midst of a debate on
a pending amendment, and supersede it by a reso-
lution. He must be in order to make such a
motion; and he is not in order to make such a
motion while an amendment is pending. Thai is
my judgment.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Chair will give
his impression on the point of order. The J29th I
rule provides that " whenever a private bill is !
under consideration, it shall be in order to move, \
as a substitute for it, a resolution of the Senate j
referring the case to the Com t of Claims." The !
bill was under consideialion, and the immediate
question was on an amendment offered by the <
Senator from Louisiana. The Senator from Vir- j
ginia, being regularly entitled to the floor, has |
made this motion m the nature of a resolution, j
The Chair thinks it is in order. j
'Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then I hope it will not j
be adopted. We have already devoted some time j
to this bill, and i think it would be unjust to re- I
feritnow. It has been long delayed, too long j
if the claimant is entitled to relief, it may be that
-the Cout t of Claims may not feel at liberty to ex- j
ercise the discretion which we may desne. It '
may be that this gentleman, though he may have |
a just claim, will be found not to have a claim ;
which the court can recognize according to the J
laws which regulate its proceedings. It is an ap- '
peal, to some"extent, to the justice and discretion !
of Congress. We deprive him entirely of that ,
appeal if we refer him to a tribunal of law, which !
may say to him—" Your claim is just, but we have i
not authority to allow it; your claim is not of that 1
legal and sanctioned character which we can alone ■
consider; we cannot consider claims that have no >
legal sanction against the United States." We I
might find that the court would turn the party J
back to Congress with just such a decision as the ;
commissioners under the treaty made. 1 hope the !
case will not be referred now, but that we shall j
be able to consummate the matter m a short time. !
Mr. HUNTER. When the Senator from Ken- ;
tucky interrupted me, 1 was about to state there !
could be no doubt as to the jurisdiction ot the
Com t of Claims. The act establishing tho-court j
provides: j
'•The said court shall hear and determine all claims :
founded upon any law of Congress, or upon any regulation {
of an executive department, or upon any contract, express
orimplied.vvith the Govornmentofthe United State*, which
mav be tug<re>tcd to it by a petition filed therein ; and aNo
all claims which may be referred to said eourt by either
lionise of Congress.5'
There can be no doubt, therefore, of the juris-
diction of the court, if this claim should Be re-
ferred to it. From the statements that have been
made on both sides, it seems to me that this is
eminently a case for the consideration of the Court
of Claims. There is a dispute as to the precise
obligation of the United States towards this claim-
ant, under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo—
under previous treaties, and under the law of na-
tions. I can conceive of no case which is more
suited to be referred to the adjudication of the
Court of Claims than the one we are nowconsid-
ering. If we do not lefer it to them, there are
many points suggested by the Senator from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Slidell] which we shall have to con-
sider before we act on the bill. It was designed
by the institution of this court to save Congress
all that sort of trouble. It was supposed that it
would be a much better tribunal for the examin-
ation of ah such cases than Congress; and under
this supposition I propose now that this case shall
go to that court for its examination and decision.
Mr. MASON. Although I do not mean to say
that my colleague may not be right in his con-
struction of the law, I cannot agree with him that
his construction necessarily follows from its lan-
guage. The law says:
"The paid couit «hail henr and determine all claims
founded upon any law of Congiess"—
These would, of course, be claims against this
Government. A law of Congress cannot affect
the interests of any people but our own, and I
think I may safely infer that claims of tins class
would be claims against this Government—
or upon any regulation of an executive department"—
I think I may safely infer that this class would in-
clude only claims against this Government—
e< or upon any contract express or implied with the Govern-
ment of the Uiiiied States"—
necessarily embracing only claims against this
Government—
" winch may be suggested to it by a petition filed therein ;
and also all claims which may bo referred to said court by
other liou-e of Coit^iosri."
What I meant to say was, that it was the very
essence and spirit of this law to provide a court
for the adjudication of claims against this Gov-
ernment. I should think it was not contemplated
to refer to the court any claim except a claim
against this Government, although it maybe that
under the general terms of the last clause, making
it competent for Congress to refer any chum if
they think it expedient or wise, they may do so.
The geneial language employed would seem to
import that if Congress refer a chum to the court
that fact gives jurisdiction, because Congress so
wills. I should doubt, however, whether it would
be proper and in conformity to the purpose of the
law to refer to the court any claim but such as is
strictly a claim against the Government of the
United States.
But, sir, there is this objection to referring this
claim merely as the voluntary act of Congress;
if the claimant is referred to the Court of Claims
he will have to go ba"k to Mexico and taive his
proofs cle novo. After having been actually
stripped, as J am satisfied he has been, of all the
property he possessed by this lawlessactof Mex-
ican power, and after having, as the honoiable
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. IRcxjami.v] has well
said, established his claim by proofs taken m con-
formity with the regulations established by a tri-
bunal before which both sides, debtor and creditor,
were heard, he is now to be lequned to go back
and take his proofs de viar#, when 1 daic say it is
utteily out of his power on account of the lapse
of time, even if he had the means to effect it.
Even if the Senate should consider it as a matter
within their discretion, to refer the case to the
Court of Claims, I hope it will not bw so refetred.
Mr. SEWARD. The object of establishing
the Court of Chums, as 1 understand it, is to facil-
itate the investigation and payment of just claims
against the Government of the United States, but
it is not its object to postpone or delay the pay-
ment of such claims. There is a discretion ex-
eicised by Congiess in referring claims to that
court. That discretion is wisely exerci&ed when
the facts are unknown or the law applicable to the
case is uncertain; but all these difficulties seem
to have been surpassed in this case. In the first
place, the fund already exists and stands wait-
ing for the payment of this claim, if the claim
itself shall be allowed. In the second place, the
facts have been established before a tribunal as
competent to inquire into and report upon them
as the Court of Claims; and, in the third place,
the law in the case has been examined by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. I should certainly
be unwilling to admit that the Court of Claims is
better competent to pass, and has more impar-
tiality, or more learning, or ability to set tie what are
the principles of law applicable to this case, thaft
this committee of our own body. That commit-
tee seems to have examined the subject, and so
there remains nothing but to ascertain the amount
which shall be paid, and we have officers in the
Treasury Departmentforthatpurpose. The Court
of Claims can have no capacity to perform that
duty better than the officers to whom this will be
referred. Under the circumstances, it seems to
me we can only refer this claim to the court on the
principle of desiring to delay and embarrass and
procrastinate so as to harass the suitor. If the
claim is right or just, I think H ought to be passed
at once.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I know nothing about
this claim, except from hearing the report read;
and that, as any one will perceive, gives a mem-
ber of the Senate very little opportunity to judge
of the merits of a claim of this description. 1 have
nothing to say against it. 1 think it likely that
jt may be all right; but I differ with my honor-
able friend from New York in his notions about
the propriety of referring claims of this descrip-
tion to the Court of Claims. It is a very large
amount, in the first place, and will therefore jus-
tify the claimant m prosecuting his claim before
the tribunal which we have established for such
purposes. I think there is only one class of cases
m which we should omit to send a claim against
the Government to the Court of Claims, where it
is proper, from its nature and character, that it
should go there; and that is, that somewhat nu-
merous class where the claims are so small that
sending them to the Court of Claims is equivalent
to a denial of justice altogether; where the ex-
penses will necessarily be such as, if successful,
the complainants, or the people who have claims
agamst the Government, will m reality get noth-
mg.
Here is a claim, amounting, I understand, to
some two or three hundred thousand dollais. It
has already been once rejected by the board be-
fore winch it was brought, winch was constituted
lor the purpose of examining chums against Mex-
ico. 11 lias, 1 understand, been once before a select
c o m rnittee of this body,and rejected. Itnowcomes
from the Committee on Foreign Relations. 1 have
as much conlidence in the Committee on Foreign
Ileldtumsas 1 have m any committee of this body;
and it is sufficient to say that, m all these private
matter?, 1 believe they endeavor to do what is
right; but every man knows, or ought to know,
that it is impossible to try a claim, especially a
claim of a laige amount, involving transactions of
aserious and complicated natuie, on expat te testi-
mony before a committee of this body. That was
established as a fact when the Court of Claims
was constituted. II it had not been tiie conviction
of the members of the Senate and the House of
Represemaiivisj that it was uejust to the Gov-
ernment,and thatthe Government suffered by the
very fact that these claims were piesented to com-
mittees of this description and wtre heard on cx
pin Ic testimony, we should never have established
the Court of Claims; there would have been no
necessity for it. We did it for the very reason
that we were convinced that m the nature of
things it was not possible to have these claims
investigated, as they should be investigated, prop-
erly, and arrive at correct results, by sending
them to committees. That wtts the gteat aigu-
ment used.
Now, I hold that in all cases where the claim
is so lame that it will justify a pursuit before the
Court of Claims; when, in fact, sending it there
is not substantially a denial of justice, we ought,
if we think anything of our own acts here, to
send it there. If there is any good reason for
establishing the Court of Claims at all, aU such
claims as are proper for their consideration, and
come within the meaning or language of the
statute, ought to go there. To use a common ex-
