1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
wrong! Instead of peace, you have inci ted and in-
flamed the strife. You have treated the creature of
five thousand invaders from Missouri on the soil of
Kansas as though it were the lawful child of the
lawful citizens of Kansas; and as far as your au-
thority can go, you have invested and installed
this bastard pretender with all the sovereign prc-
rogativesand righteofthe State of Kansas; while,
at the same time, you have ignored the existence
and the will of the real people of Kansas, and dealt
with them as though they were rebels and traitors.
And do gentlemen flatter themselves that this
will bring enduring peace, while every fact and
every principle involved in it shows, beyond all
doubt, that it is only marked by fraud and in-
justice from the beginning to the end ? "What is
to be the fruit of such a victory as this ? I ask
gentlemen to pause and consider it well before
they reach forth their hands to pluck the trophies
which they vainly flatter themselves are just now
within their grasp.
If it is expected by gentlemen here or else-
where, that, this act once passed, the strife will
soon be over, and the people of Kansas will qui-
etly.settle down into acquiescence, leaving their
usurpers to enjoy the spoils of an unholy triumph,
they may as well be told at once that no such re-
sult will follow. They have suffered one outrage
after another, yntil forbearance has ceased to be
a virtue; and nothing but their desire to avoidcol-
lision with the General Government, and to leave
the way open for the redress of grievances by the
Federal Congress, has long since prevented them
from breaking forth with desolating indignation
on their oppressors. They have waited and borne
on patiently, still hoping and believing that jus-
tice would be done them here; they have waited
to see the closing act of the drama, and are pre-
pared to meet it in whatever shape it may come;
peacefully and gratefully, if we will but do them
simple justice, and still" observe the stipulations
of their organic act; but, if we will not do that —
if we mean to give them this fraud, baptized by
Federal action, back a^ain, to shame and outrage
them—if we moan to force it on them—then there
is no longer any hope of peace and reconciliation.
It will " make the infant sinews strong as steel."
They will do as the lathers of the Revolution did
■—another Washington will marshal her sons for
the strife; another Henry will arise to herald the
purpose of the people, to expose the despotism of
our boasted constitutional Government, to show
it has been made the worst of all tyrannies, that
it has trampled down the most sacred rights of the
people, that it has denied them every principle of;
nclf-government, and to proclaim, m a voice of j
thunder, rolling through the whole land, that j
" resistance to tyrants is obedience to God. " j
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Chairman, in discussing ■
the question of the admission of Kansas under 1
the Lecompton constitution, I naust be content to |
pass over an already well reaped field. Had I j
obtained the floor at an early period of this debate, j
my views would have had at least the appearance
of originality, which I cannot hope to command
for them now, concentrated as the discussion of
this question has already had upon it the force of
so many intellects in this and the other branch
of Congress.
When the Kansas-Nebraska bill became a law,
the country fondly hoped that Congress had at
last established a permanent principle in the form-
ation of territorial governments, preparatory to
their admission as States, upon the basis of which
all future Territories would be organized, and by
which Kansas and Nebraska would be enabled,
eventually,to come info the Union without a ques- ]
tion as to the existence or non-existence of sla- I
very within their limits. The repeal of the j
Missouri compromise, virtually effected by the j
principle of the compromise measures of 1850, >
and legally consummated by the Kansas-No- |
braska bill, wiped out a fruitful source of bad feel- I
Jng, and relieved one section of the Union from '
the inequality winch, under its existence, it had '
so long suffered. The principle of the Kansas- j
Nebraska bill, as defined by its authors and sup-;
porters everywhere throughout the length" and
breadth of the land, cannot be better stated than
by reading the material clause of that measure:
iC It beni^ the hue intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate viaveiy into any Torritoiy or State, nor to exclude
jr. theietrom, hut to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to foim and i^uhitc then domestic institutions in their own
way. subject only to the Cormitntion of the United States/'
The party opposed to the Kansas-Nebraska
bill held that the act of 1820 was constitutional.
They contended that Congress had absolute
power over the question of slavery in the Terri-
tories. They went even further, and contended
that slavery in this country could exist nowhere
except by express authority of law. Whilsteach
one of these propositions was untenable, and
whilst the Democratic party held the opposite,
these questions had never been presented to that
tribunal which, under ourConstitution, had alone
the right to determine the power of Congress over
the question. But since the passage of that bill,
the Supreme Court has decided all the questions
in controversy; they have declared that the Mis-
souri prohibition was unconstitutional; that Con-
gress has'no power over the subject o'f slavery in
the Territories, and that the people thereof have
no right to exclude the institution of slavery until
they reach the period of change from the condition
of a Territory to that of a State. I have been
taught, Mr. Chairman, to venerate that high tri-
bunal, to regard its determination of all questions
as final and binding upon every loyal citizen of
the country, and to acquiesce gracefully in any
decision it may make upon any issue before it.
That, sir, was the school in which I was taught,
as I had hoped every citizen of this country had
been. I was mistaken, sir. To my surprise I
find that court denounced for its decision upon
this question, its decree hooted at and derided,
and its spotless integrity assailed. It has been
charged that it formed a corrupt and unholy com-
bination with the slave power; that it and the
present Executive formed a coalition to " under-
mine the national Legislature and destroy the
liberties of the people;" that a mock issue by the
moans of which this decision could be reached
had been concocted, and that the court had
stretchcd, nay exeeeded, its constitutional author-
ity to decide these points; and that, therefore, its
decision should not be regarded. These denunci-
ations, sir, coming from the members of the Re-
publican party, an organization so perfectly des-
titute of political integrity itself as to make no
assault upon private or official character too de-
testable for its leadcis to attempt, can well be at-
tributed to that ruthless disregard of everything
sacred in our Government winch has character-
ized that party ftom its formation to the present
moment.
But, sir, I was struck with astonishment to
notice a Senator from my own State, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] in a speech which is paraded in full in
the New York Tribune, (an unusual locality for
a speech of a southern man,) instead of denoun-
cing those infamous slanders and treasonable as-
saults upon the Supreme Court, giving to them
the aid of a criticism of his own upon their de-
cision m the Dred Scott case—availing himself
of the occasion to protest his high opinion of the
-Missouri compromise, and to set up his senato-
rial dictum of the propriety of that measure against
that of the coiut dee luring its unconstitution-
ality. Sir, it was indeed a strange spectacle to
behold a southern Senator finding fault with a
decision of the Supreme Court declaring uncon-
stitutional a restriction which prevented the peo-
| pie of his State from enjoying equally with those
j of others the risht of property in the common
i territory of the Union—territory acquired as well
I by their blood and treasure as that of any other
j section of the Union. Sir, that Senator will find
< that the people of Kentucky will rebuke all at-
tacks upon the decisions of the highest tribunal
rccogmzcd by the Constitution, whether they
emanate from their open and avowed enemies—
the Black Republicans—or on the other hand arc
the result of the tenacious opinion? of one of her
own sons, although they may have been enter-
amed for " thirty years."
We have been told, Mr. Chairman, time and
again, that the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill was itself the cause of all the not, treason,
bloodshed, revolution, murder, and every other
crime, which has marked the history of 'Kansas
since that time. That these were the legitimate
results of th&t bill is too absurd a proposition to
require serious refutation. Why, sir, if that bo
true, why have such scenes and crimes not illus-
trated the history of Nebraska, the government
of which was formed by the same bill as that of
Kansas. Nebraska is quiet, Kansas is turbulent.
You, gentlemen of the Republican pnvty, are re-
sponsible for every act of lawlessness which has
been committed in Kansas. You sowed the seed
which has been the fruitful source of every iota
of the trouble which it has been the misfortune of
Kansas to suffer. You ask me how you are re-
sponsible ? I will tell you. No sooner had that
bill passed, than fearful that if the Territory was
left to be populated according to the regular prog-
ress of settlement, that Kansas would become a
slave State, you set on foot here, in Washington,
a plan to stimulate an unnatural immigration from
the North therein, to make war upon the security
of slave title in Kansas, and to prevent your
brethren of the South enjoying their property
therein; your members of Congress started the
thing here. The Hon. Daniel Mace, then a mem-
ber of Congress, one of the founders of the scheme
of emigrant aid, before a select committee of the
last House testified to the fact, and stated that the
loading object of the movement was 44 to prevent
the introduction of slavery into Kansas." Your
present ally, the Senator from Illinois, charged
upon you in the Senate, in his report on Kansas
affairs, at the first session of the last Congress,
as follows:
"Finding opposition to the principle? of the act unavail-
ing in the Hails of Congress, and under the foimsof the
Constitution, combinations were immediately entered into,
in some portions of the Union, to contiol the political des-
tinies, and foim and regulate the domestic institutions of
these Territories and futuie States, through the machinery
of emigrant aid bocieties."
Your Emigrant Aid Society, under the presi-
dency of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thaykk,] which followed the congressional move-
ment here, and which has fomented most of the
treason in Kansas, camc in for a notice in the
Senator's report. Referring to it, he said:
"It Incomes ft question of fearful impoit how far the
opeiationsol the company (the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid
Society) aie compatible with the rights and liberties of the
people."
It was these movements—these emigrant aid
societies—stimulated by the bitter, hostile antag-
onism of the Republicans of the North against
the South, formed for the very purpose of defeating
a fair operation of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and
not the bill itself, that has caused all the difficulties
in Kansas.
I now, Mr. Chairman, propose to trace the his-
tory of this Territory up to the time of the pre-
sentation of the Lecompton constitution to Con-
gress. The Kansas-Nebraska bill became a law
on the 30th of May, 1854. The first Territorial
Legislature assembled under that act, passed an
act in July, 1855, submitting to the people the
question as to whether they would call a conven-
tion to form a State constitution, preparatory to
admission into the Union. This vote was taken
on the first Monday of October, 1856, more than
sixteen months after the passage of the bill sub-
mitting the question, giving to the people an ample
opportunity to reflect upon the subject. There
was no inaecent haste to hurry the grave and
important question to a precipitate issue. Suffi-
cient time was afforded for additional immigration
into the Territory, so as to avoid the possibility
of an improper determination of the question as
to whether Kansas should be a State or not. The
Tentorial Legislature met m January, 1857, and
on the 20th of February thereafter, in accordance
with the instructions of the people, passed a law
for taking a census, for making a registry of
voters, and for the election of delegates to a con-
vention.
Under the provisions of this act, nine thousand
two hundred and fifty-one names were returned as
legal voters. In some of the counties no registra-
tion was had, from the fact that in some of them
the inhabitants, urged on to do so by the Black
Republican party, refused to have their names
registered, and in others gave fictitious instead of
their bona fide names. In the counties in which
there was no registration, the evidence is conclu-
sive that the voters could not possibly have ex-
ceeded three thousand. So careful was the Legis-
lature to have a fair election and a full expression
of the sentiments of the people in the election of
delegates, that they provided by law that one
month should be allowed for the correction of
the list of voters returned, by adding to the same
names which may have been omitted, or striking
off others which had been improperly registered.
The then Governor was actively engaged in urg-
ing the people to comply with the lav/, and have
