240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
[March 29,
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
cisl voteof the people of Kansas Territory, on the questions
astlierein submitted, oil the 4th day of January, 1S58:
" • Against the For ditto, For ditto
Counties. Lecompton with without
Constitution, slavery. slavery.
Leavenworth ........1,997 10 3
Atchison.'. j  536 4
-Potoipfcan      ,561 . i , 2
Brown-,.-,.....   187 2
NeWalia ;  238 1
"Marshall   66
Riley     287 7
iSottWMomie  2Q7 a
.Qalhoun   249
Jefferson.;., ,... ;j77 i
Johnson..  299 2
Lykens  358 1
Linn    5J0 1 3
Bourbon.......  268 55
Douglas   1,647 21 2
'Franklin  304
Anderaon  177
Allen  191 1 4
Shawnee  832 28 3
Coffee  463 - 4
Woodson    50 -
Richardson    177 - 1
Breckinridge.   191
Madison  40
Davis  21 -
Total 10,226
138
24
Some precincts have not yet sent in their returns, but the
above is the complete vote received to this date.
J. W. DENVER,
j, Secretary a ad Ji/tnin Governor.
C. W. BAISCOUK,
President of the Council.
O. W. DEITZLER,
Speaker of House of Representatives.
January 14, 1858.
It is said if all the returns had been made, the
majority against the constitution would have been
over twelve thousand.
2. As tc the validity of the election.—The act of
• the Legislature calling the convention did not re-
quire the constitution to be submitted to the peo-
ple. Governor Geary vetoed it for this reason,
and the bogus Legislature passed it by a two-
third vole, over his veto. Was the fraud since
attempted, then designed?
All concede that the Legislature could then have
required its submission ! But 110 one contends it
could have dictated the form of the constitution.
Why this difference? The right to form the con-
stitution was delegated to the convention, the right
to pass upon it belonged to the people. The del-
egates could not ratify their own acts. The act
of the Legislature (and the President says it was
an act of usurpation) only authorized them to
form a constitution. That was all the authority
the convention had. It had 110 legislative powers.
The Legislature could not be affected by it—that
remained the same until Kansas was admitted as
a State as if no convention had been called. Yet
the convention assumed legislative power, and
provided that all laws not repugnant to their con-
stitution should not be altered, amended, or re-
pealed (they omitted 10 provide against the pns-
sageof a ne\n law) until after the constitution was
adopted; and that all civil and military officers
should hold their offices until after th.it lime. The
convention met in September and adjourned over
until after the October election, to know what kind
of a Legislature might be elected; and with all the
frauds practiced, it was against the pro-slavery
parly. Then they legislated their'laws to stand
and their officers to hold over, in the convention.
In effect, the convention abolished the Governor
and Legislature without a pretense of authority
to do anything of the kind. Until it is admitted
as a State Kansas must remain a Territory. The
President calls it a Territory and keeps the terri-
torial officers there. And the Governor and Le-
gislature hold their offices until others are com-
missioned to act. No caucus or convention could
deprive them of their offices or impair their au-
thority.
^ This convention also displaced the legal officers
and judges of election, and appointed"John Cal-
houn to a dictatorship, with full power to fill these
places with his own corrupt tools and agents,
acting under no legal responsibility or sanction
whatever, for the convention could not impose
any, to conduct an election for the pretended sub-
mission, and for State officers under this constitu-
tion, so as to dcclare their friends elected, let the
result be as it might! This election was to be
held en the 21st December.
Before that time, and before the constitution
was pretended to be in existence for any purpose,
the Legislature provided by law for its submis-
sion to a fair rote of the people.
On the 8th of December the President said, in
his annual message:
" Whether Kansas shall be a free or a slave State must
eventually, tinder some authority, be decided by an elec-
tion."
On that very same day Governor Stanton con-
vened the Legislature of Kansas to provide for
such an election. On the 17th of December the
law was passed, and under it the question has
been decided " by an election
The President also said:
"The truth is that no other authentic and satisfactory
mode exists of ascertaining the will of a majority of the
people of a State or Territory, on an important and exciting
question, like slavery in Kansas, except by leaving it to a
direct vote."
Here the only authentic and satisfactory mode
has been adopted, and the will of the majority
has been ascertained " by a direct vote
Ilad the Legislature calling the convention en-
acted it might put the constitution into operation
without submitting it to the people, its authority
to do so would have depended entirely upon that
actof the Legislature; and thatact, like any other
law, might have been changed or repealed, or a
submission required at any time before the con-
stitution had been put into operation under it; and
no State constitution could be put into operation
until Congress admitted the Territory as a State.
Attempting to do this, is called rebellion 1 And
where there was a general dissatisfaction ex-
pressed, the Legislature should require it to be
submitted to a vote, as they did. A mere law
may be changed by the same power that can enact
it. A further law may also be enacted.
W'1<:" it is admitted the power belonged to the
Legislature, and that it mighthave directed a sub-
mission before the convention met, it may not be
denied the same power still remained, and a sub-
mission could just as legally be directed after-
wards as before; and this provision, afterwards
made, would be as legal as if embraced in the ori-
ginal act. This power had not been surrendered.
The Legislature could not lose it, or the conven-
tion acquire it, by implication. The law for the
submission is as valid as the law for the conven-
tion; one rests on the same authority as the other,
and must have the same force and effect. The
law ordering the election was, therefore, legal and
valid; and the decision of the people under it,
final and conclusive!
3. Jh to the effect of this election.—The past and
present Administrations have constantly urged
the people of Kansas to settle all their difficul ties
peaceably at their elections. Yet, the President
now refuses to recognize that fair and peaceable
mode of settlement. The professions and practice
are in conflict. At one time when the Legislature
was elected, an armed invasion interferes and pre-
vents a fair election; at another, they are required
to vote viva voce, so that frauds may be practiced
to any necessary extent. And by the President's
officials the people in twenty counties are disfran-
chised and denied the right to vote. All these
fraudulent proceedings are recognized, and these
are all held to lie valid elections. Hut when a fair
election has been held, the President will not hear
the result, or recognize its force when heard !
He says a submission to the pe.ople is correct j
in principle, and he trusts will be adopted " on all
future occasions." Why apply this correct prin-
ciple to future occasions only ? Wo case can ever
arise wheic a greater necessity for it will exist.
In this ease it was made indispensable by the or-
ganic act.
It is not only correct in principle but it is uni-
versal in practice. There-is not an existing State
constitution in the Union that has not in some
way been sanctioned by a vote of the people gov-
erned by it. Why should Kansas bo made an
exception ?
Whether the law fur this election was valid, as
the people all believed, or invalid, as is now pre-
tended, is, in truth, wholly immaterial, so long as
the election was fairly held, and the will of the
majority fairly expressed. No legal objection or
legal quibble can change or alter the great fact
that the people of Kansas, not only a majority,
but the whole people, with almost one unanimous
voice, have repudiated, rejected, and condemned
this constitution. That no man may deny or dis-
pute. The assent of the people is as necessary as
the assent of Congress to this instrument; indeed,
more so; for they are to liv.e under it and be gov-
erned by it. Congress cannot rightfully force a
State into the Union against their will, and under
a constitution rejected by them. This would
be an arbitrary and unconstitutional exercise of
power. A government thus imposed upon a peo-
ple would not be republican either in form or in
fact.
Had the people of Kansas all signed a remon-
strance against this constitution, and sent it here,
would it be any answer to say no law had been
passed authorizing them to protest against it in «
this manner ?. The factis the same, wh&ther their
wishes are or are not expressed under color of
law. The voluntary expression of public senti-
ment is the same as if it was done under the forms
of law. And here the fact cannot be denied, the
people are opposed to this constitution.
XI. VOTE ON THE STATE OFFICERS ON THE FOURTH
OF JANUARY.
According to the official certificate of Governor
Denver and the presiding officers of the Legisla-
ture, who were present at the canvass, the free-
State officers and member of Congress were all
elected, the lowest majority being over three hun-
dred. To the Senate, thirteen free-State and six
pro-slavery members were elected; and to the
House, twenty-nine free-State and fifteen pro-sla-
very members were elected. Mr. Calhoun, how-
ever, who does the heavy work in this Kansas
business, has never declared the result, either as
to the State officers or members of the Legisla-
ture. It is said he stated freely, in Missouri, that
the entire pro-slavery State ticket was elected,
and also the pro-slavery member of Congress, and
that the pro-slavery party had a majority in both
branches of the Legislature. And this, 110 doubt,
will be the declared result, contrary to the true
result, as certified by Governor Denver. If in-
tended to be made otherwise, it would have been
actually settled long ago, and been used as an ar-
gument in favor of the expediency of accepting
the Lecompton constitution. Withholding these
election returns, and refusing to declare the result,
with the knowledge, and, as it must be presumed,
the approval of the Administration, is one of the
many things that mark the true character of this
Lecompton fraud. But the secret is out at last:
Calhoun, in his statement to Senator Green, says
the whole free-State vote at this election was seven
thousand and fifty-nine, of which six hundred
and thirty-one were "illegally cast," and that
the legal pro-slavery vote was six thousand five
hundred and eighty-one.' Deducting the six hun-
dred and thirty-one votes which he declares ille-
gal, and the pro-slavery party has a majority of
one hundred and fifty-three !
XII.—DELAWARE CROSSING.
On the 4th January the free-State officers were
elected, as I have stated, by about three hundred
majority. This majority it was necessary to over-
come, and to change the Legislature by having
a majority in Leavenworth county. Enough
votes to do this were fraudulently returned from
Delaware* Crossing, namely, three hundred and
seventy-nine—every vote pro-slavery ?
It has since been established; and IsaacMuniatj,
one of the judges of the election at that precinct,
testified that only forty-three votes were polled at
that place; that the returns had been taken off,
a forged return of three hundred and seventy-nine
votes added, and the certificate of the judges at-
tached; that the true returns were given to Hen-
derson to carry to Calhoun before this forged vote
was added. Calhoun denies receiving them, but
the forged returns are found secreted on his prem-
ises. In this transaction Calhoun, his chief clerk,
McLane, his brother-in-law, Dijfendorf, and Hen-
derson, one or all, appear to be implicated, and
their testimony and statements do not agree.
This appears to be asore place; and Mr. Calhoun
was forced to come out in the newspapers with
a story that he, poor soul, was imposed upon!
The proof of the fraud could not be disputed, and
Calhoun said if Governor Denver would take the
testimony of the judges of the election, ho would
count out this fraudulent and forged vote. Mun-
