1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
their names registered. The list of voters haying
been completed according to the requirements of
the law, the acting Governor (Stanton) proceeded
to apportion the delegates, (the same being lim-
ited to sixty,) so as to secure an equality of rep-
resentation. The election of delegates took place
on the 3d Monday of June, 1857. The conven-
tion met in September, 1857; and, after delibera-
tion, agreed upon what is known as the Lecomp-
ton constitution. The convention submitted to
the people so much of said constitution as em-
braced"the only question of difference "between
them—namely, the slavery question. The vote
was taken on the 21st day of December, 1857,
"which resulted as follows: constitution with sla-
verv, 6,226; constitution without slavery, 569—
making an aggregate of 6,795 votes polled.
Thus, Mr. Chairman, I have traced the history
of this constitution from its first inception down
to its presentation to Congress. We see that, in
every step taken, there has been a fixed and set-
tled effort, upon the part of its friends, to give to
it not only the sanction of law, but to make it the
strongest reflection of popular opinion. And yet,
sir, we are told that this constitution is attempted
to be forced upon the people; that it is the off-
spring of fraud; and that to give it the addition
of congressional sanction will be to impose upon
the people of Kansas a monstrous wrong. Let
us examine the reasons which form the basis of
this assumption. Did the Legislature have the
power to submit the question as to whether there
should be a convention or not, to the people? That
is conceded. Were there any unjust restrictions
prescribed by the act submitting this question,
which would fetter a fair expression of the pop-
ular will upon this subject ? There were not, sir.
It would seem, Mr. Chairman, that, this point
being conceded, it would carry with it also the
concession that the Legislature had the power to
pass the act calling the convention, which it did,
in response to the popular vote instructing it to
do so. But, sir, in order to place its power to
pass the convention act upon impregnable ground,
I will read from the opinions of two of the lead-
ers of the anti-Lecompton party, which contain
an answer to all the three hour speeches that
the late Secretary of the Territory can deliver
throughout the country, or to all the essays that
the late Governor can write to anti-Lecompton
meetings. Acting-Governor Stanton, before the
election, in his inaugural address, said:
" The Government especially leeogmzes the territonal act
which piovides lor assembling a convention to term a con-
stitution with a view to making application to Congiess for
admission as a State into the Union. That aeti* ie?aided
as presenting the only test of the qualification of voteis for
delegates to the convention; and all preceding repugnant
restrictions are theieby repealed. In this, light, the act must
be allowed to have provided for a full and fair expicssion
of the will of the people through the delegates who may be
chosen to represent them m the constitutional convention.
I do not doubt, howevti, that in oider to avoid all pretexts
for resistance to the peaceful opeiation of this law. the con-
vention itself will m some form piovide for submitting the
great districting question regaidmg their social institution,
which has so long ngitat^d the people of Kantae?, to a lair
vote of the actual bona fide residents of the Teintory, with
every possible seeuiuy against fiaud and violence. If the
constitution be thus framed, and the (juebtson of difference
be thus submitted to the decision of the people, 1 believe
that Kansas will be admitted by Congiess, without delay,
as one of the sovereign States of the Anicncan Union ; and
the tesritorial authorities will be immediately withdrawn.*'
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I want to ask the gen-
tleman one question.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; I will not yield the
floor, because you take me off from my line of
argument.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. You have said there
were no test-oaths. I want to know if there was
not an oath to support the constitution?
Mr. BURNETT. I will answer that question.
The gentleman asks me if the voters were not re-
quired to take an oath to support the constitution.
1 answer that, if the constitution was adopted,
they were; and I ask him if it is not the duty of
every citizen of this country to support the con-
stitution whenever it is adopted; and, whether he
has taken such an oath or not, if there is not an
implied obligation resting upon him, as high as
any oath which could be administered to him, to
support and maintain that government so long as
it exists? Away, then, with this matter about
test" oaths. Does the gentleman complain that
citizcns of each State are required to obey and
support their constitutions? Ail of the votois,
sir, were invited to come to the polls, and by their
votes decide the question as to "whether they would
have a State or not. Governor Walker, on the
27th May, also before the election, said:
"Under onr practice the preliminary act of fiaming a
State constitution is uniformly performed through the in-
strumentality ol a convention of delegates chosen by the
people themselves. That convention is now about to be
elected by you on the call of the Temtoria! Legislature,
created and still recognized by Congress, and clothed by if,
in the comprehensive language of tiie organic law, with full
power to make such an enactment.
"The Territorial Legislature, then, in assembling this
convention, were fully sustained by the act of Congress ;
and the authority of the convention is dir-tmctly recognized
in mv instructions from the President of the dinted Slates."
%*********
"The people, of Kansas, then, are invited by the highest
authority known to the Constitution to participate freely
and fan iy m the election of delegates to form a constitution
and State government. The law has performed its entire
appiopriate functions when it extends to the people the
right of sulliage, but cannot compel the performance of that
duty."
It will be seen that Mr. Stanton says nothing
about referring the whole question to the people,
as he now contends should have been done; but
merely hoped that the convention would do what
it afterwards did, namely: submit " the great dis-
tracting question regarding their social institu-
tions to a fair vote of the actual bona fide resi-
dents." Nor did he contend for this submission
as a matter of necessity—4s something requisite
to give validity to the work of the convention.
No, sir, he made then no such absurd pretensions,
but merely hoped that it would be done ii to avoid
all pretexts for resistance to the peaceful opera-
tions of the law "calling the convention. That is,
to try and prevent what he is now aiding in doing,
a factious opposition to the ratification of the Le-
compton constitution by Congress. The conven-
tion was then, in his opinion, rightly the ultimate
opinion of the popular will, for he says:
" The act must be allowed to have piovidcd for a full and
fan expiession of the will of the people thiough the dele-
gates."
Governor Walker's opinion, which I have
quoted, is identical with that of Mr. Stanton;
indeed, a coincidence in sentiment upon every-
thing connected with Kansas marked their joint
career in that Territory.
Mr. Stanton, who was busy speaking, urging
upon all the people to vote in the election of del-
egates, said not a word about submitting the en-
tire constitution to the. people. Governor Walker
did eayhe hoped it would be done; but there was
no power to compel it. The single question of
slavery was all that it was deemed necessary to
submit. They, as well as Judge Douglas, the
leader of the anti-Lecompton forces of the Senate, j
never dreamed of the submission of any other part j
of the constitution to the popular vote. Governor
Walker, in his inaugural address, said:
" You should not console yourselves, my fellow-citizen5?,
with the reflection that you may by a subsequent vote de-
feat the latification of the constitution. Although most
anxious to secure to you the exeicise of that great constitu-
tional right, and believing that the convention i« theseivant
and not the master of tiie people, jet I have no power to
dictate the proceedings of that body."
Mr. Douglas, in his celebrated Springfield
spcech, delivered on the 12th day of June, 1857,
previous to the meeting of the convention, said:
"Kansas. i<s about to speak lot he ^elf, thiough her dele-
gates assembled m convention to form a constitution pio-
paiatory to her admission into the Union on an equal loot-
ing with the original States. I'eace and pro.-peuty now
prevail throughout her borders. The law under winch her
delegates are ahuut to be elected is believed to be just and lair
in all its objects and provisions. There 1= eveiy reason to
hope and believe that the law will bo faulv mtcipieted rmd
nnpaitially executed, so as to insure 10 every bona fide in-
habitant the free and quiet exetc^e of the elective i'j anehi^e.
If any portion of the inhabitants, acfnu under flu: advice ot
political leaders in distant Stares &h<ili choose to absent
themselves from the polls, and withhold their votes with a
view of leaving the free-State Democrats in a minority, and
thus secuimg a pro-slavery constitution 111 opposition
wishes of a majontv of the people living undei it, let the re-
snonsibilitv rest upon those wno, for partisan purposes, wnl
sacimeetlic principles thev piofe^ to ebeii<-ii and piomote. ,
Upon them, and upon the political paity for whose benout j
and under the direction of who.-e leaders ihey act. let uie .
blame be visited of fastening upon the peopled a uewbt.itc 1
institutions lepugiidiit to their filings and in violation ol j
their wishes. The organic act secures 10 the people 01 Kan- {
sas the sole and exclusive nghtof toimma and regulating
then domestic institutions to suit thoius^ves to no ,
other limitation than that which the ( on titution oi the Urn i
ted States imposes. the Demoeiatie paity is detn turned to ,
see the gieat fundamental ptmcipi j 01 the oi* uuc act sane a
out in cood faith. The present oiection U\v m m
acknowledged to be fair aud just. 'J he. ugats ol the \ ouns
are clearly defined, and the exeicise ol the.-e nsht-i will he
offimonflr ;inmill fill vlv DiOtCCteCi- hence, 31 the lUiljOr-
effieiently and scrupulously piotecteu
jty of the people of Kansas doolie to Lav
it a five State,
(and we aie told by-the Republican party that nine tenths
of the people of that Territory are free-State men,) (here is
no obstacle in the way of bringing Kansas into th« Union
as a free State by the votes and voice of her own people,
and in conformity to the great principles of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act; provided all the free-State men will go- to the
polls and vote their principles in accordance with liieir pro-
fessions. If such is not the result, let the.consequences he
visited upon the heads of those whose' policy it is to pro-"
duce strife, anarchy, and bloodshed in*Kansas, that their
pai ty may prolit by slavery agitation in the northern States
of this Union,"
Why, Mr. Chairman, it was never contem-
plated by the people even that the constitution
would be submitted to them, for the Legislature
showed by its action that it did not deem it ne-
cessary that it should be, and did not intend it to
be; for it passed the convention act over the veto
of Governor Geary, who vetoed it because it did
not provide for the submission of the constitution
to a popular vote.
Mr. Chairman, every Democratic member of
the last Congress, including Judge Douglas, is
committed to the provisions of the Kansas con-
vention act. It will be recollected that the Sena-
tor from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] during the last
Congress, introduced a bill, which was referred to
the Committee on Territories'and reported back
amended, to the Senate, by Judge Douglas. This
bill looked to the same results which have flowed
from the Kansas convention act, namely, the
formation of a State constitution, and was passed
by the Senate, and defeated by the Black Repub-
licans in the House. For this bill every Demo-
cratic member of Congress in good standing
voted. The provisions of the Toombs bill, as
thus voted for, were identical with those of the
Kansas convention act. The qualification for
voters in both were the same. Their great lead-
ing features were alike. Neither of them provided
for a popular ratification of the work of the con-
vention. None of the gentlemen, who are now
clamorous anti-Lecomptonites, moved to amend
the Toombs bill by inserting a provision for sub-
mitting the constitution to the people. On the
contrary, sir, strange as it may appear, the his-
tory of that measure shows that, as originally
introduced by the Senator from Georgia, it con-
tained the following provision:
11 That the propositions be, and the same are hereby, of~
feied to the said convention ofihe people of Kansas, when
foimed, tor their fiee acceptance or rejection; which, if
accepted by the convention and ratificd by the peopi.b
at the election for the adoption of tiie constitu-
tion, shall be obligatory upon the United States and the
«.aid State of Kansas"
As reported back from the Committee on Ter-
ritories by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] the words "and ratified by the people at
the election for the adoption of the constitution,"
were stricken out; and with this provision stricken
out by the Committee on Territories, it passed
the Senate, and was voted for by every Democrat
on this floor. How can the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] reconcile the absence of this pro-
vision m the bill as originally introduced by the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs J from the
one as reported back by him from the committee,
with his present violent opposition to the admis-
sion of Kansas because its constitution was not
submitted to the people?
Mr. Chairman, it is with no pleasure that I thus
refer to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.]
I have been his Jong and fast friend. In two suc-
cessive presidential contests he was my choice of
all our distinguished northern Democratic states-
men for the Democratic nomination for the Pres-
idency. Hut, sir, he is now acting in opposition
to his old friends; he is giving the aid of liis^reat
name, talents, and statesmanship, to the Black
Republicans, in opposition to the Democratic
party. As the leader of the Black Republicans
upon this question, he has been the origin of the
division winch the Democratic phalanx in this
House show. The Black Republican party had
become disorganized; but now, with the potent
aid of his leadership, their drooping spirits have
been revived, raid they have been made to attain
an importance which makes them confident of a
triumph over the Administration and the Dem-
ocratic party. Mr. Chairman, no man regrets
Judge Douglas.'& present position more than I
do. '
"Wc arc told that the Kansas-Nebraska bill, by
leaving the people of the Territories free to reg-
ulate their own domestic institutions, had refer-
ence to other institutions than that of domestic
