104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would like to
know what the nature of that bill is. There are
some of these bills, as I understand, which relate
to revolutionary pensions. It would, perhaps, be
as well for such bills to go to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would call the
attention of the gentleman from Tennessee to the
153d rule, which requires all these reports and bills
to go to the Committee of Claims. The rule is as
follows:
'• The bills and their accompanying reports from the Court
of Claims shall be referred by the Clerk of the House to the
Committee of Claims; and it shall be in order every Friday
morning, immediately after the reading of the Journal, for
the Committee of Chums to repott with leference to busi-
ness trom the Court of Claims. The bills reported to be
printed and placed on the Puvate Calendar."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is one char-
acter of bills which the court have reported upon
under the act of 3d February, 1853, giving com-
pensation to the widows of revolutionary soldiers
who have die J, and where they had married
wince 1800. The construction of that law at the
Pension Office was, that the pension commenced,
when the proof wa& made out, from the date uf
the passage of the act. The Court of Claims have
decided that the pension under that act goes back
to March, 1848—five years prior to its passage.
That is a question which should be investigated
by the Committee on Revolutionaiy Pensions.
That committee has always had charge of the sub-
ject. It is, in my opinion, I will take occasion to
«ay, purely and solely a claim agent business,
gotten up by them; and the decision, if sustained
by Congress without some particular provision in
tHe law passing it, will inure to their benefit. I
want that bill, when it comes up, to be guarded
particularly, and it would be better for Congress
to pass a general law, covering all that class of-
cases, than to pass a bill for each individual case.
For that reason I would have preferred that such
bills as 1 have indicated should go to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions. But as the
rule is explicit, they will, of course, have to take
the direction given to them by the rule.
Mr, LETCHER. 1 hope there will be unan-
imous consent to give them that direction, because
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions are
better informed on the subject than the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know that
this particular bill is one of that character. But
I know that there are a gieat many of them under
the act of February 3, 1S53.
Mr. LETCHER. Let all of them, by general
consent, that iclate to that subject, go tn the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Exactly the same
principle is involved in all of them. If there be
unanimous consent, the Clerk will give them all
that direction.
No objection being made, all bills from the Court
of Claims reported this morning, relating to revo-
lutionary pensions, under the act of February 3,
18o3, were ordered to be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was heie received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickiks, their Secietary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed a bill for the
j chef of George P. Marsh, in winch he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House. ;
COURT OF CLAIMS CASES.
The report of bills from the Court of Claims was
jigcun resumed, and relet red as before indicated,as '
ibilows:
A bill for the relief of Levma Tepton, of White ■
county, Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of Lucretia Wilcox, of
Wayne county, Michigan;
A bill for the relief of Alary Robbing, of "West-
moreland county, Pennsylvania;
A bill for the relief of Tempy Connelly, of John- ,
son county, Kentucky; and ;
A bill for the rehef of Rosamond Robinson, of
Belknap county, New Hampshire.
Adverse rcpoiLs from the C'ouxt of Claims, m
the several causes of Robert Robt.ru-:, Summ.l M.
Puekett, John P. AlcKidtry, Louia (J. Thomas
and otlvrx. Shepherd Knnpp. Cyrus H. AlcCor-
rnsck, Wilham W. Cox, J. D. Holman, executor i
of Jesse B. Holman, John C. Hale, Cassius M. '
Clay, Sukan Decatur, William Neil! and others,
Thomas Phenix, jr., H. L. Thistle, Abel Gay,
J. Boyd, David Myerle, Cortlandt Palmer, and
J. K. Rogers, were ordered to be placed upon the
Calendar.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting a report from
the disbursing agent of the Coast Survey, showing
the number and names of persons employed, and
a statement of all expenditures made, under the
direction of the Superintendent of Coast Survey;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, certain papers in connection with the eon-
tested election £ase from Nebraska; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections, and or-
dered to be printed.
SAMUEL WINN.
Mr. ATKINS. I rise to a privileged question.
1 introduced a bill yesterday, for the relief of
Samuel Winn, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. I move to reconsider
ihe vote by which that reference was made. 1
desire to have that bill referred to the Committee
on Revolutionaiy Pensions.
The motion to reconsider prevailed; and the
bill was then referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
THE NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. QUITMAN. Mr. Speaker, as I suppose
that the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means will propose very soon to refer
the President's message to the appropriate com-
mittees, I ask the permission of the House to in-
troduce the following resolution for the purpose
of disposing of a portion of that message:
Rr solved, That s-o inueh of the President's annual mes-
sage as i elates to the dutic* of an independent State in us
relations with the members of the gipat tatmiy of nations
to restrain it? people from acts of ho-.uh: aggre-.Mon against
their citizens or subjects; and so much as relates to the
picsent neutiahty act of *20tii of Apni, 1818; to the fitting
out, within the hunts of ourcouutiy, of lawless expeditions
.i«auifat aonie of the Genual American States ; to the in-
structions lastied to the marshals and district attorney,
and to the appropriate Aimyand Navy officers, together
with the Pi evident'® recommendation that we should adopt
such mesiMires as will be effective m restiainmg otir citi-
zens fiotn committing such outiages, be re.ened to a select
committee, to consist of five uiembeis, with powei tore-
port by bill or otherwise.
Air. KELSEY. I object to that.
GEORGE P. MARSH.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have taken up Senate bill
(No. 1) for the relief of George P. Ma^sh, in or-
der that it may be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. KE1TT. 1 object.
INFORMATION ABOUT KANSAS.
Mr. GROW. I ask the consent of the House
to offer a resolution calling for information which
the House needs. 1 hope there will be no ob-
jection to it. It is as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the House copies of alt instructions by himself or
any head of Department to the Governor or oltiei executive
officer in the Teiritoiy of Kansas, and all coi e pondenee
with the ^aint', together Witn a copy of the executive min-
utes of feaid Teniiory, not aheddy communicated to this
House. Also, a copy of the oouj-titution loimed at Le-
eompton. togethei with «t copy of the ceu&u-j and return of
the vutes m ihe election of delegates to s;ud convention,
and the returns ut the election held m saidTerruoty on the
Pistol DecemberId-t, With the numberot vote* tlien polled
in each eiuuion preunct in s-aid Tcrritoiy. and copies of
any other ojiic.iid papers m possession ol the Secretary of
State relative to Kansas affairs, not already communicated
to Congtess.
Mr. KE1TT. I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the rules
be suspended, and the House lesolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the suite of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. X>helps in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the first business m
order, being
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
Mr. J- GLANCY JONES. I offer the follow-
ing resolutions:
I. Resolved, That so much of the annual message of the
President of the United State*, to the two Houses of Con-
gress at the present session, as relates to our foreign affairs,
together with the accompanying correspondence in relation
thereto, and to the seizure of property of citizens of the
United States by the Republic of Paraguay, berelened to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
2. Resolved, That so niucb of said menage and accom-
panying document-; as relates to a loan, the public finances,
the revenue, receipts and expenditures, the public debt, the
tariff, paper cuirency and bank credits, be referied to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
3. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to a uniform bankrupt law,
and to the neutrality laws, be leferred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
4. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Army of the United
States, the raising of four additional regiment*, and to the
constiuetion of a military road through the Territories of
the United States, be referred to the Committee on Military
AfFan<.
5. Revoked, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Navy of the United
States, and to the consttuction of ten small war steamers,
be relerred to the Committee on Naval Afiaus.
6. Resohcl. That &o much of bind message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Post Office Depart-
ment, its operation and condition, be referred to the Com-
mute" on the Post Office and Post Roads.
7. Rekolerd, That so much of said message and accom-
panying document* as relates to the public lauds, be referred
to The Committee on Public LamK
8. Resolved. That t-o much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relaiesto the commerce of the United
States, and to the fitness of the river La Plata and its tub-
utariea for navigation by steam, be leferred to the Commit-
tee on Connneice.
9. Re.soloed, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents a.4 relates to our intercourse with, and
lelations to, the vanous Indian tubes, be referied to the
Committee on Indian Affair?.
10. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Tnritoues of Kansas,
Utah, and of Arizona, be referied to the Committee on Ter-
ritoues.
11. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the" Distuct of Columbia,
be referred to the Committee for the Dimict of Columbia.
12. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents a*s relates to the subiect ot a Pacific raii-
ruad, be referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the resolu-
tions senatim, for amendment and discussion.
When the t.hird resolution was read, the chair-
man announced that the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. GIuitman] had given notice of his in-
tention to offer an amendment to that resolution.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. Glan-
cy Jones,] however, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The remarks which
I intend to submit, relate to the entire series of
resolutions. The President's message has now
been before the country for nearly a month, and
the subject-matters of that message have not, as
yet, been referred to the appropriate standing
committees. Until that distribution is made, it
is impossible for the standing committees of the
House properly and regularly to take action upon
the subjects of the message. I am very anxious
to have as speedy action as possible upon the res-
olutions, in order that the standing committees
may take into consideration the respective parts
of the message referred to them. That is all I
have to say upon the subject of the resolutions.
THE NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. QJJITMAN. I propose to amend the
third resolution by striking out tnc words " neu-
trality laws," and inserting the followm •:
And further, that so much of the President's annual me <
sage as lelates to the duties of an independent State in its
relations with the great family of nations to restrain its
people fiom acts of hostile aggression against their citizens
or subjects; and so much as relates to the present neutrality
act oi 20th April, 1818 ; to the fitting out, within the limits
of our country, of lawless expeditions against some of the
Cnntial Amencan States: to the instiuctions to the mar-
shals and di.sttict attorneys, and to the appropriate Army and
Navy officers, together with the President's recommenda-
tions that we should adopt such measures as will be effect-
ive m restraining our citizens from committing such out-
iages, be leferred to a select committee, to consist of five
members, with power to report by bill or otherwise.
I do not propose, six', to discuss this question
at present, at length. My voice, from the con-
dition of my throat, does not permit it. But I
cannot permit the resolutions to go to the House
without stating the reasons which, I hope, will in-
duce the House to refer those subjects,connected
together, to a select committee.
The proposition which I have offered, as gen-
tlemen will perceive, is that these important ques-
tions, linked together, shall be referred to a special
committee, where they may reccive full and entire
consideration. There is no committee of tins
House—no standing committee—to which tlvy
would properly and exclusively belong. What,
then, shall we do with these subjects ? Let me
