1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23.
slavery; that it was meant to embrace all do-
mestic institutions. Sir, this is not a true con-
struction of that act. Previous to its passage,
under the Missouri compromise, the people were
left free to reguiate all their domestic institutions
except that of slavery. It was in reference to that
institution alone that they were restricted. The
Kansas-Nebraska bill removed that restriction.
It referred to no other domestic institutions, be-
cause no others were restricted. It was to the
institution of slavery alone that it had reference;
and it was especially to leave the people free to
have slavery, or not, in the Territory, as they
pleased, that that clause of the bill was inserted.
The whole history of the struggle in Kansas
shows that this was the only question involved;
it has been the issue of every battle fought; it has
been the bone of contention both in and out of the
Territory. In the last presidential canvass it was
an issue made upon the Democratic party by the
Black Republicans. Judge Douglas himself so
regarded it; for in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, as
originally reported by him from the Committee
on Territories, the material section made refer-
ence only to the question of slavery; and he pio-
posed to settle that, even, not by a vote of the
people, but through their representatives in con-
vention. I read it:
" All the Questions appertaining to slavery in tlie Terri-
tory, and in the new States to be formed tliereftom, are to
be left to the decision of the people residing tiieicin,
through their appropuate rcpiesentativci,.1'
Thus it will bo seen that Judge Douglas did
not then propose to go as far as the Lecompton
convention has. He did not even propose to refer
the slavery question to the people. The Lecomp-
tonconventiondid. The convention,in submitting
this isolated question—it being the absorbing one
of all others—had met the demands of those who
in good faith desired to sec it settled by the peo-
ple.
Mr. Chairman, looking at the action of the
States of the Union, the weight of precedent is
against the position that a constitution should [
be submitted to the people before its acceptance i
by Congress. Vermont, Connecticut, Delaware, !
Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South Caiolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee,Ken-
tucky, Arkansas, Missouri, and Illinois, never
submitted their constitutions to the people, which
was the organic law of each of them at the time ,
of their becoming States of the Union. We find j
that but two of the seventeen remaining States '
submitted their constitutions to a vote of the peo-
ple without being required by previous law so to
do—to wit, Florida and California. Rhode Island
had no constitution at all. My own State (Ken-
tucky) was admitted into the union in 1791 with-
out a constitution. She subsequently adopted a
constitution; but Congress to this day has never
seen it or recognized it in any way. (See Glus-
Icey's Political Text-Book, or Encyclopedia, p.
yoo.)
Mr. Chairman, I do not deem it necessary to
add to the argument which has already been ad-
duced in reply to the objection that the State of
Kansas should not be admitted because there was
110 enabling act passed by Congress authorizing i
her to form a State constitution. It has been
clearly shown that the Kansas-Nebraska act was
an enabling act. It would be a mockery to say
to a people, in the solemn form of a congressional
enactment, you nre left "perfectly free to form
and regulate" your "domestic institutions in"
your "own way," and then to deny to them the
right of doing the only thing through the means
of which they can form and regulate their domes-
tic institutions; namely, the making of a State
constitution, and application to Congress for ad-
mission. The line of precedent is irregular. Some
States were authorized by enabling acts to form
constitutions; others were not. Vermont, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, Florida, Arkansas, California,
and others, formed State constitutions without
the authority of enabling acts. The case of Ten-
nessee on this point was a striking one.
Tennessee formed a constitution which was
transmitted by Governor Blount to President
Washington. The latter communicated it to
Congress with the recommendation that Tennes-
see be admitted. The Senate instructed its com-
mittee merely to bring in an enabling act author-
izing Tennessee to form a State constitution. The
report of the Senate committee on the subject took
the distinct ground that an enabling act by Con-
gress previous to a formation of a constitution by a
Territory desiring admission into the Union as a
State, was essential. The committee said " that
Congress must have previously enacted that the
wholeof the territory ceded, &c., should be laid out
by Congress for one State before the inhabitants
thereof [admitting them to amount to sixty thou-
sand free persons] could claim to be admitted as
a newState into the Union." The Senate carried
out the views of the committee; rejected the ap-
plication of Tennessee for admission, with her
constitution then already formed; but passed an
enabling act in the usual form. In the House,
that master-mind, Mr. Giles, from a committee
to whom the Senate bill had been referred, made
a report contending that no enabling act was ne-
cessary, and that Tennessee should be admitted
without further delay. Mr. Madison, Mr. Ma-
con, Albert Gallatin, and other distinguished men
sustained by speeches Mr. Giles's report, and a
bill was passed by the House m lieu of the Senate
bill, immediately admitting Tennessee. The Sen-
ate reconsidered its action, and passed the House
bill. Th us Tennessee was ad nutted into the Union
without an enabling act, and the forms of such an
act were declared by that Congress, composed of
many of the early great men of the R-epublic, en-
tirely unnecessary.
But, sir, this objection to the admission of Kan-
sas comes with bad grace from that party who,
during the last Congress, passed a bill in this
body admitting Kansas under the Topeka consti-
tution—a constitution which was the offspring of
a revolutionary movement on the part of a small
minority of the people of Kansas, rotten to the
core with treason — some of them with indict-
ments suspended over their heads—miscreants
who were there with the mad purpose of keeping
alive agitation, so as to keep the gentlemen on the
other side of the House, by means of such excite-
ment, in power hero. Yes, sir, such a constitu-
tion, without any of the forms of law, the ema-
nation from the brain of such characters, was
passed in this House by the Black Republicans.
And yet, sir, they prate to us about frauds, vio-
lence, and the want of an enabling act m the pres-
ent case.
Mr. Chairman, it is impossible for me to recon-
cile the present position of the distinguished Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] and that of the
leader of the anti-Lecompton forces in this body,
[Mr. Harris, oflllinois,] with that taken by them
on the admission of California. Then, sir, a
State, formed without any of the forms of law,
by a people from every portion of the Union, ahd
inhabitants from every portion of the world, Chi-
nese, Mexicans, Spaniards, half-breeds, and men
of all classes and character, without reference to
their being aliens or citizens, upon the mere call
ofa military general, was admitted into the Union,
not only by tho assent of the Senator and Repre-
sentative from Illinois, but with their active advo-
cacy in its behalf. The Senator was the champion
of the measure in the Senate; the Representative
made an elaborate speech to the House in its
favor. California proscribed slavery in her
constitution. Anil yet these gentlemen, then
the champions of California, now declaim against
the irregularities of the Lecorapton constitution.
Mr. Chairman, it is argued that the vote on the
constitution, taken on the 4th of January last, in
pursuance of the act of tho Territorial Legisla-
ture called together by Mr. Secretary Stanton, is
conclusive that the people do not want admission
as a State under the Lecompton constitution. Let
us look into the vote on that day. It is true, there
were some ten thousand votes polled against the
constitution. Analyze it, and you will find that a
large majority of this vote was polled in the coun-
ties which, under the apportionment of Secretary
Stanton, had thirty-six of the sixty delegates com-
posing the constitutional convention. The conclu-
sion is inevitable that a large proportion of this
vote was fraudulent; for if it was not, how is it
that, having the power of a representation in the
convention, able to control its action by a major-
ity vote, they did not send delegates to represent
their views and make just such a constitution as
they wanted, or else defeat any constitution at all.
But I hold, sir, that the vote on the 4th of Jan-
uary, on tho question of the adoption or rejection
of the constitution, was a nullity. The people, in
the election of delegates to frame a constitution,
conferred upon them all the power that they them-
selves could have exercised if assembled in mass
convention. The people being sovereigns, and the
source of all power, under our form of-govern-
ment, delegated this power to their representatives
in the convention. The convention being clothed
with full power to make a constitution, a subse-
quent Legislature could no more limit, control, or
destroy their power, than they could that of the
people, if every individual one of them had as-
sembled in mass convention to form a constitu-
tion. Hence I argue that the act of the Legisla-
ture, submitting this constitution to a vote of the
people on the 4th of January, was in derogation
of the rights of the people, and vqid,and is entitled
to no consideration by Congress.
On this point, I refer to but one more result of
the election of the 4th of January, and that to
show that the people of Kansas desire and expect
to be admitted under the Lecompton constitution,
i On that day an election was also held, regular in
its character, under the authority of the constitu-
tional convention, for State officers, a Legislature,
and a Congressman. The election was a closely
contested one. The pro-slavery Governor was
elected by a majority of a few hundred votes.
The free-State candidate for Congress was defeated
by less than a hundred votes. The contest for
the Legislature was so close that it was not until
' last Saturday that its political complexion was
' finally determined in favor of the free-State party.
This vote shows that parties in the Territory are
nearly equally balanced;and the animated contest
for the offices under the Lecompton constitution
proves that both parties regarded it as fixed that
Kansas was to be a State under that constitution.
The vote also shows, contrasted with the irregu-
lar vote cast on the same day for or against the
constitution, that its friends agreed with me in
regarding tho vote on the same as a nullity, and
took no part to carry it on that day. It shows
another important fact, that in the irregular vote
taken upon the constitution upon the same day,
where there was no contest, and where tho Black
Republicans were not watched, as they were at
the places of voting for State officers, there were
about four thousand more votes polled against
the constitution, than the highest vote given by
that party for State officers. Mr. Chairman, I
would like for some gentleman who has such a
horror of frauds, to satisfactorily explain that
vote.
Mr. Chairman, a great deal has been said here
about, the fact that half the counties were unrep-
resented in the convention. There were twenty-
one counties represented. They had complied
with tho law requiring a registration of voters;
hence they were included in tho apportionment
made by the acting Governor, Stanton. There
were three counties unorganized. Of the thirteen
others, which it is said were unrepresented, it will
be found by the election returns of the 4th of Jan-
uary, that in seven of them there was not a soli-
tary vote polled. In two of the remaining six
there were but ninety votes returned,and inthe re-
maining'four, one thousand and thirty-five votes.
So that it is clearly shown that the charge that
more than, one half of the people were disfran-
chised, and not represented in the convention, is
utterly false.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. English,] in his speech delivered upon this
subject, admits that the technicalities of the law
are with this constitution; but, says he:
" I thought it was the business of statesmen, in the coun-
cils of the nation, to look to great political facts, ami that
the quibbles and technicalities of law belonged to lawyers.'5
He further says:
"There have been some irregularities there, and some
culpable failures on the part of a portion of the people to
exeicise the right of sutliage."
How long has it been, sir, since the gentleman
from Indiana has ceased to regard the sanctions
and fouiis of law as binding the action of Con-
gress ? Does he recollect his speech, during the
last Congress, in the Kansas contested-election
case of Reed or vs. Whitfield? This case, it will
be recollected, arose in this way: General Whit-
field was elected Delegate to Congress at the reg-
ular election fixed by the Territorial Legislature.
He received nearly all the votes at that election.
At a subsequent election, held without any au-
thority of law, Governor Reeder was chosen to
the same seat, receiving all the votes polled at that
