2304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22.
if one million, as he estimates, one third of all
the heads of families—fur he estimates them at
three millions—go and take this land,'of course,
it will be worth nothing in the market. He says
that taking up some sections will enhance the
value of all the others. Not at all; because any
man who wants land may go likewise and get it
for nothing. I think, then, this the only objec-
tion he offers to my amendment, applies with
fequal force to his own proposition.
Now look at the objections to his bill. First, its
gross partiality. Here island belonging to all the
freemen of the Union. He proposes that a cer-
tain set of them shall have the right to occupy it
as farmers. Is nothing to be done for manufac-
turers? Here are our blacksmiths, our shoe-
makers, our carpenters, whose trades require
them to be in their shops. They are interested;
they pay taxes to support the Government. Why j
should they not have the same privilege with j
everybody else? j
Again, even if you limit it to the class of farm- ,
ers—I put it to the Senator himself— suppose*hc I
should go into the State of Tennessee and advo-1
cate this measure, and have my pioposition sub- I
mitted: on the other hand, nineteen twentieths;
of the men he addressed would say to him, " we \
do not expect to emigrate; we are tax-payers; we !
are ready to fight for the Government; and why ;
should we not have a land warrant to sell for 1
whatever it would bring?" He will see that my ,
system is free from that objection. ;
Toward the close of his speech, the Senator ;
made a very ingenious argument of this kind: '
He says there is land enough to satisfy every
man and still leave a surplus; and that, therefore, ;
the cffect of his bill is to give an individual his |
own share, and let him occupy it at once. That |
looks very well; but when you come to examine !
the effect of it, you find that A goi-s and takes up !
one hundred and sixty acres of land as his share, j
and then he comes in with all the rest of the ciLi- ■
zens for a division. The public land goes to sup-:
port the Government; to pay the tuxes; to furnish 1
soldiers m time of war; and he gets the full ben- j
efit of it with everybody else. It is exactly like :
the case of a head of a family who has a dozen |
children, and he says to one of them, I will give |
you your share of my money and lands " Sup- !
pose that one, nfter getting his share, should re- j
main at the public table and be supported by the j
family: that would not be fair. The proper course ,
would be for the old man to divide his property
among all, and let each live on his share. JVJ y
amend ment proposes that identical thing. It takes
every head of a family in the Uniied States and
gives him one hundred and sixty nere.s, so that
one cannot encroach upon another. I flunk, tin re- j
fore, the Senator from Tennessee will, on a mo- j
ment's reflection, see that my system is the very
one that is calculated to carry out his views; and i
1 hope that he will adopt my amendment in lieu
of his bill.
Again: he says there are a great many men
about the cities whom he wants to tempt out into
the country, because they are not doing well in
their present position, and become paupers. 1
giant that; but let these men look at the two prop-
ositions side by side. By my proposition they
have a title to the land at once; but by his, they
have to go there and work on it for five yeats.
Many men will say, £i that is paying a great deal,*
to go into the woods, cut down heavy timber, and
labor and sweat live yeaisfor a title; I do not
think I will go." This view ought to have oc-
curred to the Senator from Tennessee. A great
many men may go out there and settle down in
the woods, and after woikiug two or three years
they may find the place sickly, or they may have
some inducement to move away. Under my prop-
osition, each one may sell and move elsewhere.
I think, therefore, that a moment's reflection will
satisfy the gentleman that mine is the very prop-
osition which meets his views in this respect.
I will present another view for the Senator's
consideration. Suppose the public lands were
divided among all the States of the Union, and
the State of Tennessee, for example, had twenty
million acres to dispose of, and the Legislature
of Tennessee had control of its disposition; sup-
pose a member should get up in that Legislature
and say, "Here we have got twenty million
acres in the new States; I propose that every cit-
izen of Tennessee who chooses to leave his own
State, and go and settle on those lands, shall have
one hundred and sixty acres; and that every cit-
izen of the United States who chooses may settle
on our land:" how many votes would such a bill
get? Suppose part of the land belonged to the
State of Tennessee: how much would they give,
upon these terms, to tempt their people to go
away? I ask the gentlemen from New Eng-
land the same question. Suppose Maine, Ver-
mont, or any of those extreme States, had ten
million acres: would their Legislature agree to
give land to anybody who would settle upon it,
merely to fill up Iowa, or Arkansas, or some new
State? Why should not we act just as we would
if the land belonged to us in the individual States?
Mr. President, the allusion to those States re-
minds me that a fpw years ago, when I came into
public life, it was the fashion for gentlemen of
that quarter to say that our people were excessively
. devoted to agriculture; that we were all making
| breadstuffs; and the result was that for grain and
j pork we were getting little or nothing, and that to
; diversify pursuits we must tempt men into nmn-
j ufactures, and they advocated a protective tariff.
| That is the pioposition just reversed. Itsaysthat
I the people are engaged in mechanic arts and man-
| ufacturing to a great extent, and we want to ?et
i them to go out of these pursuits and embark in
; agriculture. 1 ask gentlemen from that quai ter if
j any of them intend to vote for this bill? have they
] abandoned their old doctrine ? have they come to
j the conclusion that manufactures and the rae-
i chanics arts are carried to too great an extent in
j the United States, and that you must vote away
' a poi tion of the,public property, to tempt men to
I engage in agriculture ?
| It may be that some of those gentlemen are ac-
j tuated by an argument which was used in conver-
sation by a member from New York; some years
! a«;o, in the other House. On the occasion to which
, I ailude, 1 happened to express some opposition
to this bill which was then pending in that House.
When I concluded, a gentleman by whose side I
sat, said to me, " I ai>reu m the force of your ob-
jections, but i have one motive for voting for this
bill that you have not down in North Carolina."
''What is it ?" I inquired. " Why," said he, " I
represent a manufacturing district, and if we can
take some millions of revenue from the Treasury"
—I think the public, lands then yielded about three
millions a year—" the result will be that we shall
<*et an increase of the tariff." If gentlemen from
. the New land States ever had any idea of that
, sort, I think they hove seen enough lately to satisfy
them that it will be a dangerous game. There is
now a deficiency in the Treasury; I believe the
1 public lands last year brought in £8,000,000. If
i1 they mean to take away the public lands as a
I" sourcc of revenue, under the idea that they will
'' obtain an increase of protective duties, I think
i they will be mistaken. The effect will be, most
: probably, not to come to direct taxation immcdi-
|j ately, but to impose taxes upon the free list, just
I as was done in 1841, when there was found to be
a deficiency. If there be a permanent deficiency
in the revenue, gentlemen will find that there
will be propositions to tax the free aiticles. I
,! hope, then, if any gentleman is actuated by any
1 i such idea as this, he will not allow it to operate
\ upon his mind.
f frankly confess, Mr. President, that I am for
• ; retaining the public lands as a source of revenue
j to the Treasury; but if they are to go, I say let
!, us have an equal distribution. The Senator from
'! Tennessee alluded to the agrarian laws of Rome,
j to the distributions made there, and their demor-
i ahzmg effects. Sir, his allusion brought to my
i mind the fact that we are treading exactly the
j same course. He will remember that m Rome the
j first donations of land were made to the soldiers
i just like our bounty-land system. Afterwards
1 they passed agrarian laws to <?ive land to the poor.
I That is what he proposes. The third step was to
i give money, and to give provisions to feed the pop-
| ulace. If you go on with this system, firstgiving
i land to soldiers; nextgiving land to anybody who
. will take it; finally, when you have exhausted the
! land fund, the loafers and beggars will get up a
' clamor, and you must give them something in
| some other way.
j Now, I put this question to the gentleman: snp-
j pose you let men have the public lands for noth-
| mg: will not those who have already paid for their
! lands come to Congress to have the money which
they have paid refunded? The force of that ar-
gument every Senator will feel. Only last week,
I believe, a proposition was carried through the
Senate, merely upon the idea that the officers here
must be put upon a footing of equality with the
officers of the House of Representatives. Suppose
you give lands away to one third of the citizens of
the United States: will not the people to whom
you have already sold lands ask you to refund to
them the money they have paid?
It strikes me, then, that in every point of view
the bill is expedient. I am not, however, Mr.
Presidont, to be drawn into any general discus-
sion of the bill. I have offered my amendment
in good faith. I have two objections to the bill;
first, that it takes the proceeds of the lands from
the Treasury; and, second, that it makes an un-
equal distribution. My amendment meets the
latter objection. It cannot meet the former, I ad-
mit. I hope that, upon reflection, the Senator from
Tennessee will see that my proposition is, in fact,
a better one than his. I thank the Senate for hav-
ing heard me thus far, and I shall no longer trou-
ble them.
Mr. HALE. I should like to hear the first sec-
tion read, as it will be, if amended, as proposed.
The Secretary read as follows:
That any person who is the head of a family and a cit-
izen of the United States, shall be entitled to have issued
to him or her, by the Commissioner of Public Lands, a war-
taiii loi one hundred and sixty acies of land, &c.
Mr. HALE. The amendment is a very phi-
lanthropic and disinterested proposition on the
part of the Senator from North Carolina; but I
should propose — certainly for his benefit, if for
nobody else's—to insert an amendment that every
person who is the head of a family, or who, within
twelve or eighteen months, shall become the head
ofa family, shall be entitled to ft warrant. [Laugh-
ter.1
Mr. CL1NGMAN. When I was a member of
the other House, I remember that on one occasion
when i bounty land bill was under consideration,
a proposition was made to except from its opera-
tion all members of Congress, and that was done.
In the present instance I introduced this propo-
sition because I could vote for it without being
affected ill this way. I see the difficulty with my
friend from New Hampshire, however. He can-
not well vote for my proposition, because it gives
him a land warrant. If he desires, therefore, to
except members of the two Houses, I shall not
object. It is not necessary for me to do that to
enable me to vote for the proposition; but I am
willing, if he feels sensitive on the point, and thinks
he cannot give it his support, to put in such a pro-
vision—for I do not mean to tempt my friend by
holding out this inducement to him. J am willing
that he may move an amendment excepting all
membeis of Congress, and then 1 hope my prop-
osition will have his support.
Mr. HALE. I would rather put mine in.
Mr. HAYNE. Mr. President, it is not my
intention to detain the Senate; but 1 desire to state
a fact or two. If it were desirable that the Gov-
ernment of the United States should give lands
free of cost to the people, the period for it would
have been immediately after the revolutionary
war. At that time I should have voted for such
a measure; but now, sir, I cannot do otherwise
than sustain the amendment of my honorable
friend from North Carolina. I entirely concur
with him. I say, decidedly, that the whole sys-
tem of giving away the public land in my day has
been unjust in every respect. There has been 110
j justice; there has been no equality; theie has been
! no good sense; there has been no fairness in the
' system.
I The truth is, sir, in this country, that a man
j who cannot sustain himself is a drone; he is not
| woithy of protection in a country where every
i man goes ahead who has any strength of will, or
] any firmness, or any character. Measures like
| this, that give your lands away, will destroy en-
terprise m that class to whom you give them. It
will make them drones in the human hive.
Why, sir, look at the effect of the system you
have pursued. Some time ago you passed a law
giving bounty lands to the officers and soldiers
who had served in any of the wars ill which the
country had been engaged. Why did you not
| pass a similar law for the officers and seamen of
j the Navy ? What is the difference between them ?
i Are not the sailors as much entitled to it? Look
