1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
tell you the country demands that something
should be done with them. Ay, sir, we may
attempt to gel rid of these questions as much as
we choose; they are forced upon us by the public
sentiment. The country is calling for an expres-
sion of this body, and of Congress, upon these
important subjects.
At the last Congress, I undertook to introduce
a bill calculated to make some important innova-
tions upon our existing neutrality law, and I am
aware that it received But little consideration, and
that but Uttle attention was drawn to the subject
in the Halls of Congress; but gentlemen will do
me the justice to say that I am right in the decla- j
ration that it has attracted vast attention through
the length and breadth of our country. The re-
tired statesman, the philosopher, the men who
are, the men who are not, engaged in this scram-
bling for office—men who look upon the future
destiny of our country,and are notafraid to speak
boldly upon it—were attracted by the import-
ance of the subject of a modification of our neu-
trality laws. And this sentiment pervades the
people. They have demanded, and they now de-
mand, that Congress shall take some action upon
the subject.
I am not opinionative; I do not profess to sup-
pose that my opinions are only right; but, sir, I
have come to the conclusion, after much reflec-
tion, that the greater part cf our laws upon the
subject of neutrality should be swept from our
statute-books; and I believe that a large propor-
tion of this House, if they will investigate the
arguments and the subject, will come to tue same
conclusion, and will untrammel the citizens of
this country from those obligations that the laws
have attempted to impose upon their enterprise, i
their freedom of action, and their relations to other I
people. !
But, Mr. Chairman, I mean simply to impress j
upon those who hear me that these are questions
which we might as well meet. If this intelligent
body—if these Representatives of the most intel-
ligent nation on earth—think fit to retain those
laws, or think fit to carry out the recommend-
ation of the President, (the first of the kind, 1 be-
lieve, ever made by the Executive of this nation,)
and make them more stringent, or think fit to con- j
fer upon the Executive more power for the pur- !
pose of carrying the existing laws into execution, i
I must be content; but 1 will not be content, as a :
member of this House, until I have in some shape j
brought this House to a vote upon this important |
question. Action is demanded, I repeat, by the J
country; and let us meet the question boldly, and ;
express our sentiments, without resorting to ;
means and subterfuges for the purpose of evading |
the responsibility of acting upon these important i
questions.
The proposition of the President, to which 1 ;
allude in the resolutions I have offered on the sub- •
ject, involve the most important considerations, j
They involve the consideration of the duties which
independent States owe to each other. Now, sir,
1 beg to say here, in the face of the nation, that
there is no man upon this floor who is more averse
than 1 am to violate any duty, moral or national,
that we may owe to the greatest or the weakest
Power upon the globe. I seek not to interpo-
late upon our statute-book, or upon our political
system, any thing which could disgrace tins great
country; but I seek to know what are the duties
and obligations winch we owe to other nations?
There seems to be among casuists—I should rather
say politicians—a great diversity of opinion on
the subject of what does constitute the law of na-
tions, which defines the duties which one nation,
as an independent political community, owe to
another, whatever that may be among the en-
lightened nations of the earth, let us sustain it by
our example.
But, sir, what is that law, and what are the
obligations that rest upon us as a people ? What
are the duties we owe to the preservation of our
neutral relations with other countries? 1 differ
largely from the view which seems to betaken of
these duties and obligations by the President of
the United States, f deny that the law of nations
lequires that each independent State should re-
strain its citizens from hostile aggressions upon
those of another Power. Suppose an American
and an Englishman happen to quarrel upon our
fiontier: the hostility is individual in its character,
and not national. Presently I will consider this
point more at large. We are not the subjects of
this Government; we are citizens, wot subjects.
Our Government is a limited one. There are
rightswhich we have reserved to ourselves, which
we have never parted with to any Government,
and these rights cannot be invaded by our own
Government. But of this hereafter.
I say, sir, that no Government, though it may
possess the control of its own people, and though
it may possess despotic power over them, is
bound by the law of nations, or by any principle
of that law, to protect its individuals from hostil-
ities between them and the individuals of other
countries. The question is, whether those hostil-
ities amount to war? Sir, will it be pretended
that, if an American and an Englishman, or other
foreigner, should fight either in our own country
or in another country, and that one should re-
ceive a bloody nose, or a stab, or a pistol-shot,
either Government is responsible for having per-
mitted such a thing to take place ? And no more
is a Government responsible, even though it may
have the control of its citizens, as ours has not
—and God grant it never may have!—for even
more enlarged individual hostilities between its
citizens and those of another Government.
I contend, Mr. Chairman, that each ind.-pend-
entState,on the contrary, is only bound to restrain
its authority—not to lend its authority to any such
conflicts between the citizens of friendly Powers
Itisnotreciuired, it would be impossible, it would
be descending to tyranny, for a Government to
take up every little controversy or hostility which
may arise between its citizens and the individual
citizens of other Powers. This question, how-
ever, is to be settled by a reference to international
law, and to th" best writers on the law of nations.
It therefore deserves the attention oi a special
commute!'.
But,, again, Mr. Chairman, those questions sub-
mitted in the President's message involve another
most important cotisideiaunn, both m respect to
the character and structure of our Government,
and the righ's and liberties of ihe citizens. Our
Government is a limited one; it possesses no
powers except those that are expresdy deieg-ited
by the Constitution. lis powers ore not granted,
but delegated. If they oro not expressly dele-
gated, they must be so clearly implied from the
powers that an1 delegated as to melee if necessary
to carry them into execution. This Government
has no control of any power lint delegated or
clearly implied. Whei'e is found, then, tin; power
delegated to this Government to punish ci lines
generally? There is no such power. N'o writer
on the law of nations, or on the Constitution of
the United .States, howeverfedei.il in hi.-, opinions,
has hi lived at tin conclusion thai any Mice, power
is delegated to this Government.
The only foundation for the exere'^-- of the
power attempted to be exercised by the aet of
IMS is found in that clause of the Constitution
which authonzcs Congress to define and punish
offenses made agaiii.ii the law of nations. The
law of nations is treated by the Constitution as a
definite thing, a rnie of action, and one winch we
have not the power to alter. Nor has any other
nation the power to alter it. The Constitution,
when it speaks of the law of nation®, means those
sets ofconventional rules which have been adopted
by the civilized nations of tile earth, and which
constitute the law of the nations. That is the
power given to Congress. We admit, it has no
power over the matter. It is idle to talk of the
moral obligations that we owe to other nations to
restrain our citizens: for our Government, as es-
tablished, has been excluded and shut out from
the exercise of any such power. The Govern-
ment of the United"States, therefore, has no con-
trol over this subject beyond that of defining and
punishing offenses against the law of nations.
Now, sir, for the purpose of illustrating in what
respect the act of 1818—that much-lnuded law—
attempts to punish offenses or crimes that are un-
known to the law of nations, let me give a case:
and that is the punishment of American citizens,
whose art and skill, am! whose occupation is to
build vessels—and we know that our country has
exceeded ail other countries m the models and in
the operation of their vessels, both of the naval
and the merchant service.
Well, sir, here is a great interest, in which a
large portion of the country is deeply interested,
and that enterprise is to be stopped because two
nations at peace with us may choose to go to war
with each other. Is it a rule of the law of nations
that two nations, connected with us by friendly
ties, should, by their own act, distract and strike
down a great enterprise of our country? No,
sir; and it is expressly disavowed that any such
obligation rests upon neutral nations, by vattel,
Puffendorf, Grotius, and many most distinguished
writers upon the public law of nations. Nor do
you find, in any work upon this subject, which
could be quoted as authority, a single recognition
of the principle which goes to show that because
two people choose to go to war, they therefore
shall stop an enterprise from which they have,
perhaps, made their bread. And yet, sir, in the
neutrality law of 1818, to which the President has
called our attention, and which, from the recom-
mendation he has made , we are to suppose he de-
sires should be made still more stringent, we find
those provisions striking a blow at American en-
terprise and industry. Ay, because it may hap-
pen that England and France, or England and
Russia, choose to go to war, we are to lose the
profitable trade of building vessels of war for them,
and for other purposes. There is no such prin-
ciple'.
I have no time now, and do not desire, to en-
large upon the subject. There are numerous pro-
visions of the act of 1818 equally flagrant and vio-
lative of the right of citizens of the united States
to pursue their occupations of industry as they
may desire. Then you have a law which, if 1 un-
derstand it, is recommended to bo made still more
restrictive in its character—a law which requires
you to accommodate yourself to the quarrels of
petty despots made in distant Europe, and a large
branch of your industry and enterprise is to be
stricken down because of the act of some petty
dpspot, or because of some quarrel about succes-
| sion in distant countries with which we arc asso-
: ciuted on terms of peace and friendship,
j I thus deny that the act of 1818 is a mere car-
j rymg out of our neutrality obligations to other
j States. It goes beyond that. It strikes a blow
I at the rights and liberty of citizens of the United
i States. To what extent, Mr. Chairman, is it
i desired to carry this, and to what extent are we
j to put it into practice? To the extent, sir, of
I ordering our subordinates who may chance to
! command a vessel or fleet, or to the extent of
1 allowing them to sweep over the ocean and enter
the harbors of other countries, and there, upon
mere suspicion, and upon their own mere sug-
' gestion, or even upon the instruction of a Cabinet
officer, to seize upon our own citizens or the cit-
izens of other countries, and thus implicate the
country in a war, or subject it to the obligation
of reparation and indemnity.
It is important, therefore, that the question of
the powers which subordinate officers under our
Gov ernment are permitted to exercise, should be
; inquired into by this body, especially as we are
: the direct Representatives of the people. We have
the power to declare war. Congress alone has
; that power. Have we not, therefore, the right to
I inquire and ascertain how far subordinate .officers
! in this Government shall be permitted perhaps
! to involve the country either in war, or subject it
I to claims for damages or reparation?
| Then, Mr. Chairman, another important in-
i quiry arises here, which I propose to submit to
1 a select committee; and that is as to the construc-
tion of the. existing neutrality law of 1818. There
are various opinions upon it. What is the proper
construction of that law, and what construction
will we place upon it ? Does that law justify seiz-
ure anywhere outside of the marine league—any-
where outside of the actual jurisdiction of the
United States? Though I have not time to dis-
cuss the matter now, or to present my views fully
, upon the subject, yet, for one, I deny that, except
j in cases specified in the Constitution, the Gov-
' eminent has any power, unless it is acquired by
treaty, to seize the greatest criminal on eart.i
within a foreign jurisdiction, or outside of waters
belonging to the United States.
Theseimportantconsiderdtions, Mr. Chairman,
have led us to believe that, although it may be
unusual, the House will be imposed with a de-
sire that this great question should be heard, and
that we should act and vote upon it. And these
considerations have induced me, as there is no ap-
propriate committee exclusively having this sub-
ject under its jurisdiction, to ask that this House
