1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. or Reps.
Slave States. Sq. Miles. Population. Sen. Rep.
1. Virginia  61,352 894,800 2 13
2. Kentucky  37,680 761,413 2 10
3. Tennessee  44,000 756,836 2 10
4.-Missour i  65,037 592,004 2 7
5. North Carolina.... 45,500 553,028 2 8
6. Georgia  58,000 521,572 2 8
7. Alabama  50,722 426,514 2 7
8. Maryland  11,000 417,943 2 6
9. Mississippi  47.151 295,718 2 5
10. Louisiana  41,346 255,491 2 4
11. South Carolina.... 28,000 274,563 2 6
12. Arkansas   52.198 162,189 2 2
13. Texas 325,890 154,034 2 2
14. Delaware  2,120 71,169 2 1
15. Florida  59,268 47,203 2 1
Fifteen States 928,894 6,184,404 30 90
Population.
Fifteen free States contain *.13,347,035
Fifteen slave States "    6,184,404
The fifteen free States have more than double the free
white population that the fifteen slave States have.
Territory.
Fifteen slave States contain 928,894 square miles.
Fifteen free States "   454,344 "
Difference . 474,550
The fifteen slave States contain more than double the
territory of the fifteen free States. In other words, the slave
States now have about five times the extent of territory,
according to population, that the free States have; includ-
ing slaves anil all, they have about three tunes the territory
of the free States, according to population ! Yet they would
still encroach upon free territory; they still demand more
for slavery.
Nine slave States have been added, contain-
ing    722,922 square miles.
Six free States have been added, con-
taining 290,204 " "
Difference   433,658 " "
Maine and Vermont were formed by dividing old States,
and not from added territory. While the free States have
more than double the population, the slave States have
gained more than double the territory, by the admission of
new States. That is, the addition made (by the admission
of new Suites) to the limit'? of slavery is ahont five times in
extent to the addition made to the free States, in proportion
to numbers.
The five purchased slave States of Florida, Texas, Ar-
kansas, Louisiana, and iMissoun, contain five hundred and
forty-three thousand three hundred and sixty-nine square
miles.
The whole fifteen free States contain four hundred and
fifty-four thousand three hundred and forty-four square
miles.
The territory added to the slave States by purchase is
larger than all'the fifteen free States by eighty-nine thou-
sand and twenty-five square miles.
This eveess is a larger territory than is contained in
seven of the free States. And this was all purchased to ex-
tend slavery; while the free States admitted have been
formed out of torritoiy belonging to the United State-* when
the Government wui established, and to which theoidmaneo
of Jefferson, and of freedom, piolubiting slavery, was ap-
plied by the lathers of the republic.
When so much has been jielded to slavery, will southern
Ilepiesentatives object to admitting one free State our of all
the pui chased territory ?
Tiu; fifteen free States have thirteen million of fiee white
inhabitants ; the fifteen slave States six million; yet each
have thnty Senatois. Tiue, the small States are entitled
to two Senators each, as well as tile larger ones; but this
number of slave States, extended over a large teiritory,
with a small population, makes* the dispioportioned repre-
sentation of the two sections in the Senate too palpably
unjust. In Senators the slave States have, by this system,
kept up a icpicsentation in tiie propoition of two to one as
against the fiee States.
In the House, the slave States have ninety members, rep-
resenting six million of population; the free States, one
hundied and t'orty-tvvo members, representing thirteen mil-
lion. Upon the same ratio with the slave States, the free
States should have one hundred and ninety-five members—
a lobt. to them of fifty-three—m the popular branch of the
Government; that in which the popular voice is to be heard
and the popular will expressed.
Vermont and new Hampshne, with a population of
six hundred and thnty thousand eight hundied and fifty-
eight have six Representatives.
South Carolina has six, ah-o, with only two hundred and
seventy four thousand five hundred and fifty-three ; less
by three hundred and fifty-six thousand two hundied and
ninety-five—not one half as much.
At the ratio of South Carolina representation, these free
States should have fourteen Representatives, instead of six.
Is there not a wide difference in the political right< of these
Slates.-' My district has a population of over one hundred
thousand; the latio of South Camlina is about forty-five
thousand; that would more than double the representation
of every free Stale.
Three congressional districts in New York contain a
latger free white population than the State of South Caro-
lina. Yet this is the State that is going to force slavery iiifo
Kansas—the one that has so often complained of the'haid-
ships of lemairung one of the United States, and threat-
ened disunion !
With over one hundred and ten thousand more slaves than
white inhabitants, to be held in subjection, what a formid-
able force South Carolina could command to destroy the
Union! Only think, what a regiment she could muster!
and think, too, what deep cause she has for revolution!
More than twice the representation according to numbers!
and, therefore, more than twice the political power in pro-
portion, allowed to any free State m the Union ! And this
unequal representation South Carolina would retain, if
twenty free States were admitted. Why, then, should she
object? Florida has forty-five thousand two hundred and
three white inhabitants; Delaware, seventy-one thousand
one hundred and sixty-nine; both together have about the
same population as the St. Lawrence and Herkimer con-
gressional district in New Yoik, formerly represented by
Preston King; yet these two slave States have six electoral
votes; this district but one. South Carolina has a less
white population than a single congressional district in
Iowa! yet it has eight electoral votes.
Politically, slavery is the greatest of all institutions—a foe
to capital, energy, enterpiise, and impioveinent. The very
soil loses half its value, where slavery desecrates it. Yet
slavery is the great political institution of this country. Pol-
iticians and office-seekers—from presidential aspirants, who
promulgate their devotion from high places, down to the
lowest menial m or about the public offices—are swift to
do it reverence, eager nvals to be foiemost in aiding its fur-
ther extension and more permanent ascendency. They
vie with each other as to who shall be its most lampant and
rabid advocate, and stoop the lowest to piopitiatc its favor.
And this will continue, so long as devotion to slavery is the
only passport to office. On this single ground stood all the
rival candidates for the nomination at Cincinnati. Upon
this, each relied for success. To them their subserviency
to slavery was more impoitant than ability, honesty, or in-
tegrity. An avowed determination to extend slavery wa 
the all-importantquahfieation All stood on this platform,
but most preeminently the nominee of the miscalled De-
mocracy, now having but one policy, and one principle—
the extension of human bondage
The following statement, taken from the census of J850,
will show the number of slave owners in the slave States:
c, . Slaveholders
States• in each.
Alabama   29,295
Arkansas    5,999
Delaware   809
Flouda  3,520
Geoisia..   38,456
Kentucky :i8,3S5
Louisiana 20,070
Maryland 16,0-10
Mississippi 23,116
Missouri   I9,lt<5
North Carolina....   28,303
South Carolina 25,596
Tennessee   .33,864
Texas*  7,747
Virginia ,. .55,063
Total ' 346,047
Thus it will be seen that the number of slave owneis,
including men, women, and children, is only about three
hundred and forty-six thousand.
Slaveholdeishave political advantage denied to nil other
men; * * * * and politicians are its arrogant
champions. There can be no end of slavery aggtession and
blaveiy agitation until vou disconnect slavery and politics ;
until it in settled, and definitely settled, that slaveiy cannot
be extended foi political pui poses.
Votes of eleven slaveholding States at the election 1852,
when Mr.Piercewas chosen, as contracted with the vote of
New York. _
7. Texas  18,547
8. Alabama 41,919
9. Louisiana   35,902
10. Mississippi  44,424
Jl. Virginia 129,545
1. Aikansas 19,0*7
2. Delaware 12,073
3. Florida  7,193
4. Geoigm... 51,365
5. Maryland 75,153
6. North Caiohna....78,861  
Aggiegate vote of eleven States     .515.159
Vote of New York 522,294
Being 7,135 votes more than all the others.
These eleven States, (Virginia included,) that gave, in
1852, a less vote than New Yotk for President, have twenty-
two Senators ; New Yotk has only two !
They have seventy-nine decimal votes for President;
New York only thiity-five—not halt as manv! They have
fifty-seven llepiesentatives m Congioss; Now Yoik but
thirty-three! difference, twenty-four!
XVIII.—KANSAS MESSAGE.
A strange delusion seems to pervade the mind
of the President in relation to the state of parties
in Kansas. This arises from the difficulty of in-
ducing him to realize the fact that a great majority
of the people of Kansas are opposed to the policy
of the Administration; are opposed to extending
slavery into free terriloiii and making Kansas a slave
State. The President speaks of one of the political
parties of Kansas as "enemies" of the Govern-
ment, " revolutionary, and in a state of rebellion;"
and of the other, as " friends of the Government,
loyal, and strictly regular" in all they have done!
The free-State party is the illegal, and the pro-
slavery party is the legal political party, according
to the'President. lie makes no unkind allusion
to the many outrages of ins friends upon the peo-
ple of Kansas. Against border-ruffian invasion
and usuipation; against judicial corruption and
oppression; against election frauds, illegal voting,
and false returns; against the crimes of robbery,
arson, and murder that his friends have been reg-
ularly committing for the last four years, he makes
no complaint. He denounces one political party
as rebels, and indorses the other as regular.
This censure is as undeserved as the praise is un-
merited.
He declares that the government of Kansas, (set
up by border-ruffian invasion, as has been estab-
lished by evidence,) which the people would oth-
erwise have subverted, has been maintained with
the troops of the United States. What an admis-
sion is here involuntarily made, that the people
of Kansas have been and are now, kept in sub-
jection to the slave power by force! Whoever
before heard of the necessity of a military force
to prevent the minority from taking the rule out
of the hands of the majority? To force slavery
into a free Territory, and upon an unwilling people^
all the power of the past and present Adminis-
trations has been exerted. Every species of in-
justice and oppression has been connived at and
encouraged; the most outrageous frauds havs been
sanctioned and adopted; criminal prosecutions
for political opinions corruptly instituted; leading
free-State men unlawfully arrested and impris-
oned; crime left unpunished and criminals pro-
tected; and a standing army, in violation of law,
has been and is now stationed in Kansas to force
the people to submission. AH this, and much
more, has been done to make Kansas a slave State
And all in vain. It has only inspired an unyield-
ing spirit of resistance in the people. It has only
deepened and strengthened their love of liberty
and hatred of oppression.
The issue between the President and the people
of Kansas is simply this: he is determined to
make Kansas a slave State in spite of the people;
and they are determined it shall be a free State
in spite of the President. By the law, the people
of Kansas were to be left perfectly free to form
and regulate their own institutions in their own
way. "They do not understand " non-interven*
tion" to mean executive dictation! or **popular
sovereignty " that the minority shall rule/ And they
never will understand it—they never will submit
to it. Instead of regulating their own affairs, they
are denied the right to be heard in regard to the
constitution that is to be forced upon them. Their
consent is not required. Their protest is not re-
garded. And after all these pledges and profes-
sions, slavery is to be forced upon them, against
their recorded will and their earnest protestations,
by the Congress of the United States and the power
of the General Government!
XIX.—REBELLION".
The old charge of rebellion is made anew. In
reviving this foolish and exploded false pretense
the President reflects upon the Kansas judiciary.
Their decision upon this question should be treat-
ed with as ready a respect, by the President at
least, as an extra-judicial opinion of the Supreme
Court. This question has been judicially settled.
During the last Administration indictments were
(breeled and pronounced againstGovernor Robin-
son and ninety-seven other leading free-State men,
for treason and constructive treason, because they
had taken steps for the admission of Kansas as
a free State—this same rebellion of the people
against the minority, that the President has re-
peated so often. The people had peaceably formed
a free-State constitution, and elected officers un-
der it, so as to put it into immediate operation, ifad-
mitted. TheLecomptonites have done the same,
and a little more; for they have not only elected
officers under their constitution, but have abol-
ished the Governor and Legislature, and the offi-
cers of election—in fact, set aside the whole territo-
rial government. As to rebellion, the President's
" friends" are worse off than his enemies in Kan-
sas. Minnesota has elected her officers: is Min-
nesota in rebellion ? Is a Territory in rebellion
by preparing for and asking admission as a State ?
Indictments against the leading free-State men
were directed and found, and they were arrested
and imprisoned. The judges appointed by the
last Administration were the willing tools in this
actof tyranny and oppression—judges who issued
process to destroy hotels and printing presses as
nuisances, if owned by free-State men, and who
discharged men arrested and indicted for murder
if they "belonged to the pro-slavery faction. No
crime committed against a free-State man has ever
been heard of as having been redressed or pun-
