1282
THE CONGRESSIONAR GLOBE.
March 23,
conceive the Administration and the Democratic
party hold upon this question; and also to discuss
it in its bearings upon a large class of citizens of
the southern States—the non-slaveholding people
of those States. I make no apology for approach-
ing' this subject. I consider that the system of
slavery, which has made the last two or three of
our Presidents "fetch and carry" at its beck and
nod; which has held the legislative power of this
Government in its hands for a series of years;
which has swayed even the decisions of the Su-
preme Court—is of sufficient importance to be dis-
cussed, to be grappled with, and to be subdued;
and therefore I shall not heed the querulous com-
plaint that this subject has been too much dis-
cussed.
It is this institution which has cast its dark
shadowupon our land,and which threatens the ex-
istence of our free Constitution. I know full well
that there is an instinct in the hearts of the people
of this country whose ken looks beyond that of
the most acute intellect, and which tells them that
from this question they are to apprehend danger
to the institutions of our country. I am aware
that those gentlemen who were elected to this
House as the friends of the President, have suf-
ficiently exposed the forfeiture of the pledges
made by him in his letter accepting his nomina-
tion, made at Cincinnati; and 1 consider that the
violation of his pledges contained in his inaugural
address, and in his instructions to Governor
"Walker, declaring his purpose to secure the peo-
ple of Kansas the right to decide for themselves
the institutions under which they were to live,
have also been sufficiently exposed bythose who
were elected here as Democrats. I neverexpected
him to redeem those pledges. I always supposed
they were made to be violated, and shall, there-
fore, express no surprise at the result. I al-
ways believed that Mr. Buchanan was nominated
to carry out the policy of his predecessor, which
was to fix slavery upon Kansas by force or fraud;
and, in my opinion, not only Kansas, but the
whole continent is embraced m tins conspiracy.
Hateful to me as is the design of forcing upon Kan-
sas a constitution abhored by her people, hateful
as are the low and mean frauds by which that
policy has been pushed, hateful as aie the crimes
by which, for the last three years, Kansas has
been held in subjugation, stiil more hateful is the
design which I believe has been deliberately
formed to extend this constitution over the whole
country. I shall give the President the benefit
of his own language^ to define his own position
upon this question. I have in my hand his late
special message transmitted to us with the Le-
compton constitution; and I call the attention of
his friends and admirers to this sentence:
" It has been solemnly adjudged, by the highest judicial
tribunal known to our laws', that sl.iveiy exists m Kansas
by virtue of the Constitution of the United States. Kansas
is, therefore, at this moment, as much a slave Estate as Geor-
gia or South Carolina. Without this the equality ot the
sovereign States composing the Union would bo violated,
and the use and enjovmeut of a Ten itory aequned by the
common treasure of all the States, would be closed against
the people and the property of near!}' lialf the members of
the Confederacy."
Kansas is here called a State, and a slave State—
made so by the Constitution, says the President, and
not by any act of her people. And I desire to know,
if the Constitution of the United States makes a
slave State of Kansas, the people of which coun-
try have never yet given their assent to it, will not
that same Constitution carry slavery into those
States which acknowledge that constitution now
assumed to establish slavery, in State or Territory,
wherever the local laws are silent?
The argument of the President in this message,
and in his annual message, and in the paper pub-
lished by him in answer to certain gentlemen in
Connecticut, goes to this point. He declares, in
effect, that neither Congress, nor the people of a
Territory themselves, have the power to prohibit
slavery in the Territories. I think his language
goes even to the extent of maintaining that a State
cannot prohibitorabolish slavery; for, Mr. Chair-
man, if neither the people of a Territory nor Con-
gress can prohibit slavery for the reasons assigned
by the President, the same reasoning would em-
brace the States made from territory acquired by
44 the Confederacy of sovereign States." How
happen.? it that the people of the State of Iowa can
prohibit slavery? That was territory acquired
by the Confederacy of sovereign States. How can
the people of the State of Iowa reverse the rule :
of justice any more than the people of the Terri-
tory of Iowa ? The whole argument of the Pres-
ident, the argument of all who agree with him,
the argument of the Supreme Court, all assign that
as a reason why the people of a Territory cannot
prohibit slavery, and why the Congress of the
United States cannot exclude slavery from its
Territories. It is all grounded on the fact that it
is unjust to exclude the property of the people of
any one portion of the Confederacy from that
which was acquired by the people of the whole
Confederacy.
Now, Iowa was acquired by the people of the
whole Confederacy—that is, by the Government,
representing the whole Confederacy; and it was
quite as just and right for Iowa, while a Terri-
tory, to exclude slavery, as it was when she be-
came a State. There is no difference. And how
can this be accomplished? How can Iowa, or
any State, prohibit slavery, if the positions taken
by the President and the Democratic party are
correct? The people of a Territory have not the
power to do it; Congress has not the power; and
yet, when the people of a Territory form a con-
stitution, and Congress accepts that constitution
—neither of these agencies having the power to
exclude slavery—itis found, by some mysterious
process, that the State thus created has acquired
a power which neither agency concerned in its
creation could impart to it. It strikes me, Mr.
Chairman, that, if it be conceded that there is no
power in Congress, or in the people of a Terri-
tory, to exclude the institution of slavery, it fol-
lows, as a malter of course, logically and legiti-
mately, that the people of a State cannot do it.
And, sir, I find that the organ of the Administra-
tion—the Washington Union—has taken that
ground; and has declared that it draws the con-
clusion legitimately from the opinion of the Su-
preme Court in the Dred Scott case.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Will the gentle-
man be good enough to tell me what that organ
is? I am not aware that the Administration has
an organ.
Mr. BLAIR. If anybody has a right to know
what that organ is, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is the man.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Be good enough
to tell me.
Mr. BLAIR. I referred to the Washington
Union by name.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I merely wish to
remark that I know of no paper recognized as the
organ of the Administration.
Mr. BLAIR. Then the gentleman is ignor-
ant of what is known by everybody else. I say
that that paper declared in an article some time
ago that no State in the Union could abolish the
institution of slavery; that it was unconstitutional
to do so; and it grounded itself on the decision of
the Supreme Court. I know that subsequently
to that, the editor of that paper was elected, by a
party vote, Printer of the Senate of the United
States. That goes very far—though the gentle-
man [Mr. J. Glancy Jones] repudiates the paper
as the organ of the Administration—to fix it in
the minds of the people that the Senate of the
United States indorses his views on that subject,
especially when we know that these offices go by
favor, and that it is very seldom the case that a
man is elected Printer, or to any other office,
whose sentiments do not accord with those of the
majority of the body that elects him. I know that
last evening, in the other House, a very distin-
guished gentleman denied that this was the posi-
tion of the Democratic party, and, in his place,
called for proof. He denied that anybody from
the South claimed that a State could not prohibit
slavery within its limits. But I undertake to say
that the claim is embodied in the extract which I
have read from the President's special message, in
which he calls Kansas a State> and says that it U a
slave State, and that it was made a slave State by the
Federal Constitution, and not by the people. That is
the language of the President, and I have heard
from every Democrat that has taken the floor in
this or the other House, nothing but eulogy of
that message, since it was published; and t con-
sider that as an indorsement of the doctrines it
contains.
But that is not all. This doctrine is contained
in the Dred Scott decision. Every argument that
is made to show that neither Congress nor the
people of a Territory has the power to prohibit
slavery in the Territory, is equally applicable to
a State, and is more appropriate as applied to the
States, because the Constitution was made for
the States, and not for the Territories, and is the
supreme law over the constitutions and statutes
of the States. I think that is the doctrine of the
Democratic party. They may disclaim it how,
when itis proclaimed in all its nakedness; but
they will yet come up to it whenever occasion
offers to carry their principles to the result in-
tended.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I ask those gentlemen
who have been so clamorous about popular sov-
ereignty, whether they accept. this doctrine? I
ask them if they propose to deny all that they
have said on the subject of popular sovereignty,
and if they will submit to have this institution
injected into the Territories and States by what
is claimed to be the Constitution of the United
States? Will they do it? I suppose they will
not be able to resist the majority of their own
party in this matter, and they must either em-
brace this doctrine or be read out.
Now, it matters not to me whatground the lead-
ers of that party assume. They may come for-
ward to sustain this doctrine, and to sustain the
policy of the last Administration lq forcing upon
Kansas an institution abhorred by a large major-
ity of the people, and in forcing this institution on
other States and Territories. I do not care how
many judicial decisions shall sanction it, or how
many regiments may be called out to enforce it;
in my opinion, the attempt will fail. The Terri-
tories of this Government cannot be wrested from
the freemen to whom they belong, to be given
up to slaveholders and their slaves, in order to
strengthen the oligarchy which rests upon this
servile institution.
Gentlemen have proclaimed upon this floor that,
the Lecompton constitution was accepted by a
majority of the people of Kansas. Sir, in my
belief, there is not a town or county in Kansas
where the Lecompton convention could have sat
and performed the work of fraud now before us,
without the support of the Federal bayonets. I
do not know one town or county in Kansas where
they would have had the power to defy the will
of the people as they have done, except under the
piotection of the Federal bayonets. The Presi-
dent tells us, and tells the country, in no equiv-
ocal language, that the government which he calls
the rightful government of Kansas, would long
ago have been subverted I3y these factious people
out there, if it had not been supported by the Fed-
eral Army. This is a clear admission on his part
that the government there is an usurpation; because
there can be nogovernmentni violation of the sen-
timents of the people, unless it be an usurpation.
But, sir, that government would have been sub-
verted long ago, but for the interference of the
President of the United States; and, whether the
fact be admitted by the President or not, it cannot
be successfully controverted that the President
has exerted his entire energies—he has perverted
the whole power and patronage of the Federal
Government—to drive free white men out of the
Territory of Kansas to make room for .negro
slaves.
Now, sir, there is a parallel to the history of
this transaction which took place many ccnturies
ago, and which I find in a book published nearly
a century since. Rut it is so appropriate to the
events that are now transpiring, that I hope tho
House will have the patience to hear me read it
through. I read from Hook's History of Rome,
to show how the great Republic of antiquity fell
to decay, when it ceased to cherish the people as
landholders, and became an oligarchy, by the very
means now being employed in our own:
v'lt is recorded of Tiberius Gracchus that, in crossing
Iletruria in hit-. way to Spam, he ob.sei ved that there wcro no
other husbandmen or laborers m the couimy than slaves;
and, according to Plutarch, the people—by writings affixed
to the porticoes, wails, and tombs—daily exhorted Tiberiua
to procuie a restitution of the pubhe lands to the injured
poor.
'•from the earliest times of Rome," proceeds the his-
torian, '' u had been tiic custom of the Romans when they
subdued any of the nations in Italy, to deprive them of a
paii of then territory. A portion of these lands weie sold,
and the l.'st £iven to the poorer citizens, on condition, says
Appuui, of their paying annually a tenth of the corn and a
fifth of the fruits of the trees, besides a ceitaui number of
{neat and small cattle. In process of time, the neh, by va-
uous means, got pos^e-sion of the lands destined for the sub-
sistence of the poor. Thw gave occasion to the law obtained
