2306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
quarter sections to actual settlers. If you grant to
each occupant of the sod .1 quarter section upon
condition that ho residesupon itforfiveyeais, im-
proves and cultivates it for that length of time, I
think it may be regarded as a consideration re-
munerating the United States for the value of the
uncultivated wild land when ho went upon it. If
this is the consideration that is to be given, I think,
so far as the Government is concerned, it.would
be an exorbitant remuneration for the hazards,
the inconveniences, and risks which new settlers
encounter on the frontier. This, then, would not
be a donation, but it would be granting the land
m consideration of services rendered to the Gov-
ernment fully equivalent to its value.
It is only intended for persons who will encoun-
ter these difficulties, and who will encounter the
labor and toil incident to a now settlement in the
wilderness. If, however, you were to adopt the
amendment of the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, there would be no equity or justice 111
the measure, it js intended to induce the emi-
gration from the overstocked communities of the
country of such persons as could be spared from
there, where they are in a miserable condition,
who would improve their condition by emigtating
to a new country, where they would have stim-
ulation to enterprise, and whore every advantage
would result to them indmdmMy: while, at the
same time, it would disembarrass the sreut cities
which have a surplus populace. In this way,
thousands would heroine industuou^ and pro-
ductive citizens, who otherwise would become
paupers or miserable dependants, demoralized,
and demoiahzang society. It would have a tend-
ency thus to relieve society of that surplus pop-
ulation which is unproductive, and set it to work
to fell our wilderness, to reduce to cultivation
and to improve the public land. Lnnkinjr at it in
its effect on the Government lands which will
come into market, it would certainly be a ,^reat
advantage to the Government.
if, however, you are to issue warrants to nil
Jieads of families in the United States, what would
be the consequence? Could it possibly produce
any revenue to the country? Quite the contrary
would be the case. The bill wiil give the needy
an opportunity of possessing the land, who will
render in iu cultivation a consideration for the f, e
simple of the soil; you will be conferring a benefit
on them; and you will be estopping speculators
from grasping the whole public domain of this ■
country. If, however, you issue warrants to all '
heads of families in the United States, the market ■
will be stocked with them; they will fall to five or
ten cents an acre. Millions of families in the Uni-
ted States would not think of abandoning their
residences and going to the frontier. The wairant ,
would bo worthless in their pockets, and they
would have to sell it for a merely nominal amount,
and thus the public domain would he monopolized
by speculators who would grasp the surplus war- .
rants issued to persons who would notgo and oc-
cupy the soil. The market would be glutted with '
them, and you could not biing your public domain ■
into market; and why? Because you would get :
no bidders for it. If warrants were to be got at '
ten cents an acre, could you sell public lands at .
$1 25 an acre? Not at all. Under that system
the land would pass into the hands of speculators,
and you would derive no revenue from it. On the ;
other hand, your revenue is not impaired if you '
give the domain to those who are not able to pur- j
chase it, but who will occupy it, and prevent its ;
fallinginto the hands of speculators.
I cannot vote for a measure that is calculated
to prejudice the revenue directly without benefit-
ing individuals. You will confer no benefit on the ,
head of a family who is independent, by giving '
him a land warrant. Sir, that is the agrarian sys- |
tem that was established by Rome when provinces .
were conquered. A portion of a conquered prov- 1
ince distributed to the head of every family in
Rome. That was agrariamsm in Rome. It was
not to the occupants it was given, and hence it
built up speculators in the city of Rome, and pro-
duced such an inequality of wealth, such a love '
of splendor and affluence, that it demoralized and :
denationalized Rome, and prepared it for a mas-
ter; and it got the best that iScouid have selected |
from Rome when it got Ccesar, because he was !
better than Pompey; and Rome was prepared for I
a master, and she was obliged to have one. !■
But, sji, we need no Ca^snrsnor Pompe he:-"1 ,i
Distribute the people upon the frontier; render
them agriculturists; attach them to the soil; and
then, when liberty might even perish in the cen-
ter, upon your outskirts you will have men at-
tached to the soil, who derive their living ftom it,
surrounded and sustained by their families reared
Upon it. You may appeal to them to rally to the
center, and, by an outward influence, crush tyr-
anny. It is there, sir, you are to find liberty. Give
to the needy, who will become industrious. None
others will go to your frontier to occupy your
vacant territory. Give not to those who have su-
perabundance, and would not turn a hand to fell
a tree, or to dig the soil of the virgin earth of our
forests. No, sir; I will not vote for the Amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not think
the Senator from North Carolina has clearly taken
in the scope of the amendment he proposes. I
i thought that, in the few remarks which I made
" the other day, I demonstrated most conclusively
,, that this bill would be a revenue measure; that,
, instead of giving away the public property, it
s would increase the public revenue. The hoiiora-
'j blc Senator has not attempted to answer my ar-
'jgummt on that point, but merely presses his
; amendment in preference to the bill. When we
, examine his amendment practically, what is u ?
! It proposes to issue a warrant for one hundred
; and sixty acres of land to each head of a family
' in the United Stfttes. What is the cflfectof that?
i There aie three million heads of families m the
; United States; and the enormousness of the prop-
I osition can be seen at once by a very simple cal-
i culation. Multiply three millions by one hundred
! and sixty, and you have four hundred and eighty
j millions. This is a proposition to thro^v four
I hundred and eighty million acres of land on the
: market in the shape of warrants, which will not
i sell for a cent an acre. The result will be that
■ the wan ants will be bought up by land-jobbers
, and speculatois at a more nominal price, and your
i public domain will pass into the hands of large
! piopnelors and capitalists; and, in process of
1 tune, the men who want homes, and who could
even pay a moderate price for them, will not be
| able to obtain them unless at the exorbitant price
| which speculators may demand. Uiom the ori-
I gin of the Government to the present time, the
entire amount of receipts into the Treasury from
the public lands has been $170,000,000. F.sti-
■ mating the lands nt one dollar an acre, we have
disposed of one hundred and seventy million acres
I in sixty-nine yeais. Mere is a proposition to thro w
1 at once upon the market four bundled and eighty
million acrcs, though we have only been able to
I use up one hundred and seventy millions from the
j origin of the Government to this time. Tim is an
| enormous proposition. It is a proposition m fact
! to waste and squander all the public lands at once;
' to pass them into the hands of speculators at a sin-
| gle blow. We can readily see the effect that must
i have upon our land system.
I I was in hopes that when the Senator came to
j consider it seriously, he would not press such an
! amendment; but he persists in it. Cannot every
one see that its adoption will cut off all receipt of
revenue from the public lands?
Mr. CLING MAN. Will the Senator from
Tennessee allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Certainly.
Mr. CLINGMAN". Does this bill confine the
, settlement to alternate sections?
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
! Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman's estimate
I is, that one million heads of families will take the
i benefit of this bill. That goes upon the supposi-
I tion that one third of the people will lemove from
J their piesent homes. Now, 1 ask him if one third
j of the people go from theii present homes and get
i land for nothing, will there be any body else to buy
' land in the market? Then, does not the bill
i eftectually destroy all revenue from the public
; lands?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By our land ;
| system, as it now stands, there is no trouble in j
i answering the interrogatory. How many men I
! enter kind that do not emigrate to it? The effect I
, ot having the alternate sections settled by cultiva- !
I tors, would be to make n more desirable for per- ;
i sons to enter lands adjoining the sections occu-
! pied by the cultivators. i
I Mr. CL1NGMAN. Men nowentcrlands with -
out intending to go and settle on them, bat th^y
do it because they intend to sell the land to some
man who will settle on it; but if every man lias
the privilege of taking land without a warrant,
will anybody buy a warrant? Surely not; for lie
will be able to get land without it. Of course, then,
the land warrants must be worth nothing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the Senator
will reflect upon the practical operation of the land
system, I think he will perceive that many men
will go and enter a quarter section upon the prin-
ciples of the bill for the express purpose of taking
up the next quarter section to it, and paying the
Government price for iteven if it were increased.
When each alternate section shall have been en-
tered, you will find thousands upon thousands
who will go and enter the land because it is coming
into market, and wdl be-valuable. This lull wiil
increase the receipts; it will increase the amoiftit
of land entered instead of diminishing it. How
many men will go and settle upon a quarter sec-
tion for the express purpose of obtaining the next?
Thus, in its practical operation, it will increase
! instead of diminishing the amount of land brought
j into market.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman what
| is to be done with the mechanics? Every coun-
I try needs mechanics. They are not cultivators
, of the soil. I think he will admit with me*that
I it would be unjust to say thai no man should have
j thw land unless he would shoe a horse. That
i would benefit the blacksmith, but itwould beun-
| fair to evt rybody else. If you exclude all me-
| chauics whose trades and occupations will not let
i them take the land, I ask if, at any rate, the Sen-
ator ought not to be in favor of an amendment to
give every mechanic in the country a warrant5
lMi. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Ifa mechanic
is the head of a family, he can go on the lands and
build his blacksmith shop, ur anything else, and
at the end of live years he can get a title to the
land
Mr. CLJNGMAN. The gentleman does not
understand my question. His own State of Ten-
nessee and my State have mechanics, and must
have them. Now, if all the blacksmiths, for in-
stance, were to go to these lands, and settle on
them, what would become of the community?
They must stay; and why should not all men
employed as mechanics, m all the States, who
have no {arms, g-.t a wanant for one hundred and
sixty acres each, as 1 propose ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Is not a me-
chanic placed m the same position as anybody
else, if he emigrates to a quarter section of one
hundred and sixty acres, enters upon it, cultivates
it, and possesses himself of the soil? The bill
covers the precise ease. So far as mechanics are
concerned throughout the country, their number
is always regulated by the demand, and each old
communUy will lelain that number of mechanics
who will be justified in remaining for the pi ices
they get. As settlements advance m the West,
mechanics become necessary, a tailor here, a
shoemaker somewhere else; and they will settle
down on land under the provisions of tins hill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Th o gentleman says that
the mechanic may have land if he will go and
settle on it, but he cannot do that consistently with
his interest. In the case I put, if it were proposed
that every man who can shoe a horse shall have
public land, it might be said every man might do
it if he chose; but many of uscannot do it. Well,
these men have an occupation which they have
to abandon if they go into the woods. Why,
therefore, put them into these straitened circum-
stances when they pay money to support the Gov-
ernment, and have as much right as others to the
land? So m regard to sailors; is our Navy to be
abandoned ? Will not the gentleman, at any rate,
go for an amendment to give every sailor a land
wan ant? If you tempt them all off the sea, what
is to bccome of our commerce ? So of the soldiers
who are fighting the battles of our country. We
have given warrants to some, but those who are
m the regular Army m time of peace, get none.
Will not the Senator at least include these classes ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am con-
strained to say that I do not see the solidity and
force of the argument of the honorable Senator.
A sailor cm go if he thinks proper, but if it is to
his interest to remain on the ocean and plow the
deep, he will do so. If it is his interest to go
Webt and become an aguculturist, he will do so.
So far us the old soldiers are coijterned, I think it
