1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is dealing liberally with them. Notwithstanding
they have received their land warrants, they, being
heads of families, can still go and emigrate and
occupy one hundred and sixty acres of land under
this bill.' It would be a very great advantage to
many of these old men. They are living, many
of them, in the old States, and they have no land,
although they have had land warrants. Under
the limited system of granting bounty land war-
rants to old soldiers, we have seen them run down
to less than a dollar an acre. Many of those old
men have scarcely got anything for their land
warrants after receivin^them under law. Would
it not be better for many of them who have fami-
lies around them, being too old to work them-
selves, to emigrate with their boys and girls and
settle on land, make them a home, lay a founda-
tion for them, instead of relying on a piece of
paper which is to be issued, go into the market,
and sell for a merely nominal value?
Pour hundred and eighty million acres are pro-
posed to be thrown upon the market by the gen-
tleman 's amendment. You liaveonly brought into
your Treasury since the commencement of the
Government $170,000,000 from publiclands. He
proposes, by a single amendment to the bill, to
throw upon the market enough to supply it for
the next one bundled years. Can the Senate vote
for such a proposition as that? These land war-
rants would not sell for one cent an acre. Who
would get them ? Into whose hands would they
pass' Can we experiment on a proposition like
this? Capitalists and speculates would take
charge of the public domain under it, and the Gov-
ernment be deprived of the power to dispose of it
in a proper manner.
Mr. REID. I do notdesire to discuss this sub-
ject at length; but, sir, it does seem to me that
the proposition of this bill, in our country, to say
the least of it, is a monstrous one. What is the
proposition ? It is to give one hundred and sixty
acres of public land to every head of a family who
may settle upon them for the term of five years,
whether he be rich orpoor. The argument, then,
is not to give it alone to the needy, but the wealth-
iest man in the country may avail lumself of this
bill, and obtain one hundred and sixty acres of
public land. It is maintained that by giving the
alternate quarter sections you advance the value
of those remaining to the Government; and that
thereby the Federal Trea'sury loses nothing.
How stands the fact? This bill does not raise the
price of the remaining quarter sections; but they
will remain to be entered and sold according to
the present price, and thus the Government must
lose one half the land, at least. Mark you, sir;
the provisions of this bill, as I understand it, are
not limited to any particular period of time. It
has relation to all time to come. When those who
have no land now shall go and avail themselves
of it, their children may do so too. Neither do
the provisions of this bill confine the selections to
alternate quarter sections; for it says that shall be
done " as far as practicable." When the alternate
quarter sections are all taken up, it will become
impracticable, and consequently the remaining
sections will be taken. That is the fact, as will
be seen by reading the bill. So it will, m effect,
be the giving away of the entire public domain.
The argument of some Senators seems to be
that the public lands possess no value. I maintain
that anything has that value which it will bring
in the market. If the public lands are worth noth-
ing, it is bad policy in this Government to be^ex-
pehding hundreds of millions of dollars in then-
acquisition, and hundreds of millions of dollars
in the survey and other expenses which attend
the land system. It is true, the public lands have
not commanded a high price; and wherefore ? For
the reason' that this Government has always
forced into market more lands than the demands
of the country required. We are a growing coun-
try; let us not dispose of the public land too rap-
idly. I am 111 favor of a liberal system in regard
to the pioneers who go into the new Territories,
and I think the Government has been liberal to-
wards the settler. I think the Government should
be liberal. But the public lands have been ac-
quired by the treasure of the whole country; and
here is the Senator from Tennessee, who offers to
make this appropriation. It is an appropriation
of land, it is true, but that land is worth money.
I do not know of any peace measure on the face
i f the earth winch my friend from Tennessee
would vote for that appropriated a similar amount
of the public money; and this is not an equal dis-
tribution, but a partial one, giving to persons who
desire to avail themselves of particular opportu-
nities that may be offered to them by the Gov-
ernment. _
I am willing that the young men or the old men
from the older States of the Union may emigrate
to the West, or anywhere else where they think
they can better their fortunes; but it is not justice
to the old States of this Union to hold out induce-
ments, bribes, to entice their population to the
newer ones. They possess sufficient advantages
already; they have the most fertile lands upon
the face of the earth, that may be bought for $1 25
an acre. These are great inducements, giving
those States decided advantages over the older
ones. Hero you propose to give land to every
man who will settle in the new States. I say it
is not only to give it to those persons who may
now avail themselves of it, but it is to give it for
all time. What is to be the effect?
If it is desired, in this cqunt.ry, that the Federal
Government should provide a tract of public land
for every man, you must go further and introduce
the feudal system, because he may not occupy it
after he has once acquired it. After you have
provided him a homo, the tendency of things will
bo that you must perpetuate it to him and his suc-
cessors, or they might still be^without a tract of
land. The tendency of things in this Government
is too much to look to this capital, the center, the
Federal Government. It is swallowing up too
much. We see a thirst for office and for claims
upon the Federal Government; men desire to live
and feed upon this Government; and that tend-
ency is increasing every day. If you take mil-
lions and give them to the people of the country
in an unjust and unequal distribution of what be-
longs to the whole, giving to only a part, do you
not increase this? If the public lands have no
value, then they are of no use to those who may
avail themselves of this act. If they have a value,
then what you give them is a gratuity, voted from
the Federal Government without authority The
framers of the Constitution never contemplated
that the Federal Government should furnish
homes for the people of the States of this Union.
Neither docs it bring it within the purview of the
I Constitution to change it from lan.ds to money,
because the lands have been acquired by money,
and have a money value.
Mr. President, I think this bill ought not to
pass. In the whole history of my experience
here, I do not think 1 have ever seen a meas-
ure of more dangerous tendency to the country
than this. If you vote homes to those who desire
them now, you must continue it as long as the
Government lasts. If you give my neighbor a
home, if he desires it, perhaps I shall come up
and ask for one when j desire it, or say that you
have treated me unjustly. l.et the system that
has been pursued in regard to the public lands be
continued—not exactly the system, for I think the
old States have losta good deal under it; but under
the system now proposed they are to lose it all.
I have heretofore voted with much pleasure to give
public lands to those who have taken up arms in
defense of their country. I would do so again.
By keeping the surplus domain which is not
i needed, you have an inducement for men, when
' the rights of their country are involved, and it is
I necessary for them to take up arms, to light for
I the cause of their country. The Govenimenthas
expended money on these lands. Let us dispose
[ of them according to the wants of the llcpublic,
; and keep the remainder for the increase of our
1 population from time to time,
i Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it seems
! to me that the only theory of the bill is a very
j beautiful one; but when you put it into practical
i operation it will be found to be attended with a
great many inconveniences, and liable to a great
many objections. The theory of the bill sup-
' poses that it is to make all the idle and worthless
| persons in the community farmers, agriculturists,
i good citizens. I think it will n'ot have that effect.
, It may be a donation to some individuals who
' will make a good use of it, and become good and
useful citizens; but they will be found, I think, m
i piaetice, to belong to that class who would have
no difficulty m making a purchase of the public
j lands at such prices as we ash for them; aud^ the
; very fact ef thtir hrcomin/ pill chasers and of
j their having to obtain their land by £he payment
j of the earnings of their labor, would attach them
i to it and make them use it profitably. But if you
| take an idle man and thrust him upon a piece of
i your land, what can you hope for? You cannot
| change his nature, or the character which former
habits have impressed upon him; he will still be
the same useless member of society. I,think the
bill will accomplish much less of good than is an-
ticipated, and it will be attended with much more
of evil consequences than its supporters antici-
pate.
What is the effect of it as to the old States,
and all the other States, except where the land
which is given so generously is situated ? It is a
temptation to thoir people to leave them. Can
they feel an interest in that ? It may be said to
them " you can have no objection that your fel-
low-citizens should leave their several States if
they can thereby benefit themselves and fami-
lies." They would say to that, " certainly we
ought not to oppose that; but is it certain that they
will be benefited by it?" It is offering a pre-
■ mium for emigration from all the States of the
1 Union to the particular spot where the land you
I give is situated. Is that fair and equal? I am
I aware that there is a notion of general benefit con-
j nected with this system; that it is for the benefit
| of all to improve any particular part; but the par-
! ticular parts must be allowed to calculate the dis-
| advantage and prejudice they sustain by this sort
| of withdrawal of their citizons, and the tempta-
j tions held out to those citizens, and to the cupid-
ity of those living at a distance to overestimate
those advantages which are offered, and which
look bright m the distance.
I The condition that when a man has made his
■ choice he shall live there five years, be imprisoned,
| as it were, five years, in order to consummate his
right, seems to me trammeling up your donation
i in such a way that the most enterprising and use-
| fill part of the poor of "this country wtll hardly
] subject themselves to it for a home; they will
j hardly pay that price.
I , Again, sir, how will those citizens living in that
j particular country to whom you have sold lands
I which do not come within the terms of your do-
i nation be satisfied, when they have been com-
\ pelled to enter and pay for their lands, to see an-
! other come by their side and get land free of cost,
very little different in condition ? The one has
sold a little piece of land as necessary to his re-
moval, and therefore he cannot accept this dona-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will state
to the Senator from Kentucky that the bill con-
tains no such restriction as that. It has no ref-
erence to owning any other land, or having sold
it for that purpose.
Mr. CRITTENDEN'. The bill, as I read it,
does. It provides, in the first place, that he must
I be landless, and in the next place he must swear
! that he has not sold any land for the purpose of
[ receiving this gift.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would call
1 the Senator's attention to the fact that a section
! was adopted m lieu of the original second section,
i not embracing that provision at all.
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. I find that the section
| as now modified does not contain the idea the
original section did, but now, under the provisions
of this bill, the richest man in the community may
make himself the donee of our land.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will state
what the section means, as I understand it, and
what I intended it to mean. The consideration
the Government asks for the land under this bill
is that a man shall settle upon it, and cultivate it
: for five years. It says to the rich man or the
' poor man, or the middle-class man, if you settle
! upon it, and pay that price, you shall have it. It
discriminates between none, but places all on the
; same footing , .
i Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I understand it, this
bill is to give land   .
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is a grant
on condition tiiat the grantee will settle, occupy,
j and cultivate the land. .
t'Mr. CRITTENDEN. The rich man or the
oor man is to be equally entitled to the land if be
complies With the conditions. Why should that
be ? That is nothing else but o premium for quit-
tin"' your habitation, wherever it may be, and
"oina t'j settle in this favoied spot. I have said
