1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&?■
sissippi to understand that, in advocating the ref-
erence of the resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary, I do not mean, in the slightest degree,
to be understood as taking ground against any
modification of the neutrality law. _ I havestrong
doubts as to the extent to which this Government
has gone in the enactment of that law. 1 do not
wish, therefore, in moving the reference of the
gentleman's proposition to the Committee on the
Judiciary, to be understood as throwing obstacles
in the way of the accomplishment of the object
he has in view. I am in favor of investigation
into the question, and believe that the Committee
on the Judiciary is fully competent for the dis-
charge of that duty. That committee is compe-
tent to examine the whole subject, from begin-
ning to end. And when that committee does re- jj
poit its conclusions from an investigation of the b
facts referred to it, I shall then be prepared, if jj
necessary, to give my views on the subject. >:
Mr. Chairman, the honorable gentleman from jj
Mississippi, atthe last session of Congress, moved j;
the reference of a similar proposition to the Com- j!
mittee on the Judiciary. I find, in the House J;
Journal, 185G-57, page 916, the following: jj
"Mr. Cluit.man. iiv unanimous conscut, introduced a bill |
(Hou^e bill No 3H) to u'pf.il certain spctions of the neu- '
trahty law; which was read a fii• t and second time, and
referred to Hie Committee oil the Judicial)'."
I quote this for the reason that I want the pow-
erful aid of my ftiend from Mississippi in the
enforcement of the position I take on the ques-
tion of reference.
Mr. QUITMAN. A single remaik. I have
learned by experience that the Judiciary Com-
mittee was not the proper one, for it never re-
ported on the proposition at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I never doubted
the gentleman's skill m meeting a point of this
kind. While, however, his experience of the last
session has been sufficient to enlighten him on that
subject, it has not been the case with myself, or
with the House or country. I hope that my mo-
tion to refer the proposition to the Committee on
the Judiciary will prevail.
Mr. KEI'i'T. Mr. Chairman, is this propo-
sition debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. KEITT. Well, sir, I propose to say a
few words on this subject, and strictly in reply
to what I understand to be the positions assumed
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. As to the reference, whether to a select
committee or to the Committee on the Judiciary,
I am entirely indifferent. I do not see,however,
that it should go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary on thegiound stated by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways air! Means, for that, ne-
cessarily involves the idea that all the legal talent
in tile House is upon thai committee, which may
or may not be true. I take it for granted that a
special question like this, involving the public in-
terest and the public feeling to a great extent, may
very properly be made the subject of investiga-
tion by a select committee, and for the simple
reason that the regular committee may be so en-
grossed with mere matters of detail pertinently
belonging to it, that it may not have time to give
this subject a proper investigation.
The special committee having more time, and
being selected with special reference to thefitness
of its members on the particular subject com-
mitted to them, may be eminently a proper com-
mittee. _ ...
But, sir, the object which I have in view is to
call the attention of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means to what may be an error on
his part, in reference to the President's message.
I understood him to say that the President had
waived the question whether or not he was for a j:
repeal or a modification of the neutrality law, but j
simply asked to be clothed with new powers in j
case he was expected to fulfill the provisions of ji
l;
statute were carried out as it is commonly under-
stood by the courts of this country, it would be
necessary to have further legislation to enable him
to do so.
Mr. KEITT. The word waiver may not have
been technically correct; but substantially, the
statement I made is correct. The gentleman says
that the President, in his judgment, avoids or
j forbears making an expression of opinion upon
I the neutrality law. Iieasks, then, for what? To
! be clothed v/ith new powers to carry out existing
; provisions of the law. What provisions of the
i law? Let us see what he has asked? He has
asked that he should have the Army and Navy
i of the United States; and for what? To hunt the
! citizens of the United States upon the high seas,
and upon foreign soil. Does he want the Army
! and Navy of the United States to prevent the
I sailing of atleet, from your shores ? Does he want
l them to prevent an expedition from going from
j your own cities? He lias already the Army and
j the Navy, by the very law itself, for that purpose.
I If he wants new powers, what does he want them
J for? Why, to follow those men,to follow them
i upon the water, to arrest them upon the land—
upon foreign land—and to do that you must sub-
vert your whole neutrality laws.
Sir, he does not ask for new powers to carry
out existing laws, but he asks substantive powers
upon a new thing. Tlie neutrality &W5 forbid
capture upon the high seas—forbid capture and
seizure upon foreign soil. If the President of tno
United States is allowed to seize upon water or on
a foreign land, then he has the rights of a despot;
for he^nust punish by virtue of his military power
as Commander-in-Chief of the Army and INavy.
The neutrality laws limit the jurisdiction of the
court to offenses committed within three miles—
one marine league—from the shore. If, then, you
capture these men, you must capture them lor an
offense. If it be an offense, then your own courts
has no existence?—the Committee of the Wh.ole
on the state of the Union not being competent to
appoint a select committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from New
York. If the amendment submitted by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi shall be adopted, when
it shall have been reported to the House provision
will have been made for such a committee.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not rise for
the purpose of replying to the gentleman from
South Carolina, but simply to read that portion
of the message referred to. The gentleman inti-
mated. that I have thrown out an unfounded opin-
ion. As I do not wish to be misunderstood, I
will read a clause of the message;
" The istbmus of Central America, including that of Pan-
ama, is the gieat highway between the Atlantic and Pacific,
over which a large portion of the commerce of the world
is destined to pass. The United States are more deeply in-
terested than any other nation in preserving the freedom
and security of all the communications across this isthmus.
It is our duty, thcieforc, to take care that they shall not bo
interrupted either by invasions from our own country or by
wars between the independent States of Central America.
Under our treaty with New Granada of the 12th December,
1846, we are bound to guaranty the neutrality of the Isthmus
of Panama, through which the Panama railroad passes, 4 as
vv<JW as the rights of sovereignty and property which New
Granada has and possesses over the said Territory.' This
obligation isfounded upon equivalentsgranted by the treaty
to the Government and people of the United States.
" Under these circumstances, I recommend to Congress
the passage of an act authorizing the President, in case of
necessity, to employ the land and naval forces of the United
States to cairy into effect this guarantee of neutrality an,d
piotection. t also recommend similar legislation for |he
i sccunty of any other route across the isthmus in which we
: may acquire an interest by treaty."
i And upon this I mean merely to remark that
, the President asks you for power to execute the
laws upon your statute-books, in fulfillment of
! tieaties already made, in which the faith of this
i Government is pledged in the family of nations;
J and if you want him, as the Executive of this
nation, to carry out our treaty obligations and
cannot under the law, take cognizance of the ot , „ _ , .
fense- 'and the offense must be punished by virtue I! laws, you must clothe him with sufficient powers,
of the military power of the President. I say this He does not, as my honorable friend understands
  ary power
in illustration of the fact, that any pursuit of
an expedition beyond three miles—one marine
j league— from land, is unlawful; and any capture
' upon foreign soil, passing by the rights of the in-
vaded Government, is unlawful, too. Yes, as my
friend from Georgia here [Mr. Stephens] says, it
is robbery to do it. ...
Sir, I do not know what the position of the
Administration in reference to this matter is; but
one thing, I believe, is pretty well known, and
that is, that Captain Chatard, in sight of Point
Arenas, allowed the disembarkation of Walker
because he had no power to prevent it, and he
was recalled in disgrace; and that Cominodoie
Panldmg, from that'very spot, sent his men on
shore, captured and arrested Walker and his men,
and he has not yet been recalled 111 disgrace. If
he is, then Captain Chatard is recalled 111 disgrace
for not doing a thing, and Commodore Paulding
is recalled in disgrace for doing it. The process
of lo<nc by which this is to be accomplished, it is
not fbr me to adjust. I say the admission of one
thing is the exclusion of another; and the exclu-
sionof one is the admission of another. If, then,
Captain Chatard is recalled in disgrace for not
doing a thing, I may legitimately infer that Com-
modore Paulding is to be sustained foi doing the
act.
But I did not rise for the purpose of arguing
this question. 1 rose for the purpose of prevent-
ing an unfounded remark, as I believe it to be, of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, going to the country, and producing what
I believe to be an improper influence. If the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
is right, then I believe that the President has the
right, under the neutrality laws, to use the Army
and Navy to capture these men upon the high
seas, or in a foreign land. His remark is founded
upon that, or it is founded upon nothing. And
it was to prevent tiie circulation of what I believe
to be an erroneous opinion, that I have gone thus
far into this discussion, and I do not propose
existing law.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. My friend has mis
.apprehended me. I did not mean to say, nor do
I think 1 did, that the President had waived the .... , fllf.tW
question, or that I spoke for him. I said dis- !j no\v tojmreueUie subject furthei
tmctly that I spoke my own opinions ot the mes-
sage as I had formed them from reading its recom-
mendations. My opinion is that the President
has made no waiver, and that he has given no
opinion, m one way or the other, on the neu-
trality law. But he did say that if the existing
Mr, itELSKY. I rise to a question of order.
I submit whether the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. U-UiTMANj
is 111 order; whether it is competent for the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
refer a part of the message to a committee whicn
him, ask for additional powers and additional
legislation, but simply that the treaty obligations
of the Government, and the legislation upon the
statute-books, for which the faith of the Govern-
ment is pledged, shall be carried out; that you
will either repeal those laws now existing, or if
you need them, that you shall pass such laws as
will enable him to carry out in good faith the obli-
gations of this Government.
Mr. KEITT. I desire to know, from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
whether I understand him correctly, as saying
that the President does net ask for any new or
fresh powers in relation to the neutrality laws?
If he does ask such powers, then the argument
holds good, for I have said nothing about treaties
or this Isthmus route.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The honorable
gentleman from South Carolina quoted the closing
portion of this paragraph which I read.
Mr. KEITT. I quoted it from memory.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am aware of that,
and the gentleman's quotation was correct. He
quoted the close of the paragraph in -which the
President of the United States asks Congress to
put at his disposal the military and naval power
of the Government; but in quoting that clause, he
made no reference to the subject-matter upon
which the President wishes to exercise that power.
I merely quoted the whole paragraph for the pur-
pose of showing that in the particular instance
referred to by the President—and it is the only
instance in which he asks for that power lieaslcs
for it in order that he may be enabled to carry
out the treaties of the Government and the neu-
trality laws as they exist, or as you will make
them, if you please, that he may afford that pro-
tection to the transit route across the Isthmus of
Panama that this Government has guarantied  n
the treaty with New Granada.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Chairman,
I agree with much that has been said by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Qlastcy Jones]
as to the propriety of referring this subject-mattei
to the Judiciary Committee. It is only on great
occasions, sir, that we should raise select com-
mittees. I concur almost entirely with the who e
argument that has been made by the honorable
—: [Mr I
member from Mississippi
wish this matter inquired into
I wish it inquired
