2308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,'
'« that it was*no advantage to the old States to have
their population drawn off in this way. Now,
what advantage will it be to the Union? Are not
our people going westward and westward to t"he
remotest parts of our extensive territories rapidly-
enough? Is not the spiriWif enterprise, the hope
of distant acquisition, enough to make our people
emigrate? Was there ever such an emigrating
people as ours are ? Do ^e want to add a stim-
ulus to this spirit ? Does it contribute to the pub-
lic strength? Does it contribute to the public
wealth to be scattering our people all over our vast
dominions faster than natural causes do ? I think
we shall act most wisely when we leave to natural
causes the emigration and scattering of our peo-
ple. They will go where their real interest, their
real comfort, and their real advantage, lead them,
without the allurements of legal contributions from
the public property to aid or to tempt them. I
am for leaving this course of things to natural
causes, without this temptation.
Besides, how do we hold the public lands? Do
we hold them simply to give them away? No,
sir. We hold them for the whole people of the
United States. Can any argument persuade the
people of the United States that these lands are
disposed of for the equal and common benefit of
all, by giving them to those who will leave their
ancient homesteads, and go and seek another in a
place to which they are tempted by your gratui-
ties or largesses ? Is that to the equal benefit of
all, or is it not to the peculiar local advantage of
the spot to which you tempt them to carry their
wealth, then- labor, and their industry? Would
they not be as valuable, as estimable, in every
point of view, and as comfortable, remaining in
their ancient homesteads, as when you tempt
them off, by these allurements, to make settle-
ments upon distant frontiers?
I see no public interest in it; I see no justice in
it. It is not even entitled to be regarded ns alms-
giving, because you give not to those who need,
but to the rich as well as to the poor; you give
that which belongs to the poor 111 effect to the
rich. The poor of my State, for instance, have
as great an interest in the public land as the peo-
ple where it is located; and there aye many of
them whose comfort and whose advantages in
life would be promoted, if they could realize and
have in possession at once, where they live, their
share of this great common fund; but you take it
from them,and you give it away toNJie rich You
take from the poor to enrich the rich. That may
be its operation.
But, in a more general point of view, what is
its effect even in'the neighborhood where you
would settle persons upon land given without
price? One goes there, buys land, and settles;
and another, and another; and that is the enter-
prising and valuable portion of your people. They
have shown their virtue and shown their labor;
and by their works have made themselves able
to own, and worthy to own, a homestead. They
go, and how do you treat them?
Here is a worthy man, competent enough to
pay the expense of removing himself and family.
He goes there, and is a man of sturdy independ-
ence. He asks no alms; would accept of no char-
ity. He buys his land; you make him pay for
it; and you give land to another man by his side
in as good circumstances as he is. Is that equal,
unless you mean to give it all away ? If you mean
.that, what then ? What is the value of the land
in the neighborhood which has been bought and
paid for with a price? What eflect have these
donations upon the price of the lands? Do they
not reduce it? If the Government is giving away
farm upon farm, section upon seotion of land,
what becomes of the value of the land of the man
living adjoining, who has bought and paid for
his tract? When land is to be had for the asking
of it, what price can you get in money for that
which adjoins it > You not only give away that
which belongs to the public, but you cheapen;
and you cheapen in the hands of the farmer who
has bought and paid for his land that very land
for which he has paid a price.
Moreover, Mr. President, the lands not only in
the vicinity, but the lands in the region all about,
are reduced in their market value, because these
given lands can be bought cheaper, and-after the
five years arc out will be sold cheaper. Theie
wilj not be two prices for land; the cheaper lands
will fix the maximum value—these lands thnt
have been given. That will be the consequence.
How far that will extend I do not know. I know
there is a common opinion even in Kentucky, that
the price of our lands has been cut down by the
low rate at which the public lands sell in the ad-
joining States, and that Kentucky, has lost as
much in the reduction of the price of her lands as
has been gained by those who have settled in the
new countries. Where, then, is the gain ? On one
side it must be a great gain at somebody's loss.
Itis at the loss of the old States near which these
settlements are made.
I believe, Mr. President, upon the whole, it is
best to leave our people free to make their liveli-
hood as they can. Your Government gives them
all encouragement. If they want land, you sell
it to them at a very moderate price. Und.er your
graduating laws, thay may get lands that will
not cost them more than twelve and a half cents.
Lands that have been in market such a length of
time, are reduced in price; for a greater length of
time, there is a further reduction. You not only
give land by this bil^, but you give a preference
to the man who has not made himself able to ac-
quire that on which the manhood of an American
citizen ought to rest—the ability to maintain him-
self, and have purchased with his own money,
obtained by his own labor, the land over which he
is to be lsrd and master.
By this system you constitute him a sort of
beneficiary. He can but feel the enfeebling sen-
timent that "I am one of the feeble members of
society, to whom men more rich than I am con-
tribute to set them up, and set them out, and en-
able them to earn their own bread." I do not
believe that is a proper consideration for Ameri-
can citizens. That is not the spirit of enterprise,
the spirit of hardihood, or the proud spirit of the
| laboring man, who, by the sweat of his brow, and
I the labor of his hands, can acquire his own for-
tunes, buy his own farm, build his own house.
That is the sort of citizens we want. The little
price you now exact is within the competence of
cvsry man who deserves to have a farm. I think I
I recollect to have heard my excellent friend, the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] say,
that before he was twenty-one years of age, he
earned money enough to buy himself a freehold i
and a homestead, and ho is now deservedly a Sen- '
ator of the United States. That is the sort of |
spirit that will make Senators. That is the sort
of spirit that you are, in my judgment, if it should
go to any extent, quenching by the eleemosynary
foundation on which you propose to grant land.
Besides, Mr. President, we may be as liberal
as we please out of our own means, but what ri';ht
have we thus to give away the public domain ? :
We have granted to railroads; we have, on a thou- 1
sand pretenses, squandered millions of acres of
land which ought to have been preserved as the :
inheritance for our posterity, so that when they
should come into existence, and have their home,
and have their way to make in the world, there
might be vacant lands still, at a moderate and 1
cheap price for them. This land is their inher-;
itance, but you are hastening now to give it away
to railroad companies, to States, and to individ-
uals. On one pretext and on another, you have |
squandered millions of acres of public lands, but
you have always done it on the pretense, as to ,
railroads, that it was to benefit the public. ;
Now, sir, arc the old States benefited by this?
The Senator from South Carolina, both the Sen- i
ators from North Carolina, and every Senator j
here from an old State—can they find any advant-!
age in it? Can any of them find an advantage in ;
the generous donation which you make of land, .
thereby reducing the price of land in his country, !
and drawing off citizens who might want to pur- j
chase in his country ? Is that an advantage to the
public? To what public? To the local public;;
and to the particular individuals it is a benefit, it j
is a charity. Sir, ihis land is vested in us all for
the good of the whole people of the United States.
Such a disposition of it I cannot see to be for the
benefit of the whole people of the United States.
Mr. President, it is an unequal distribution of
the public lands. In the present condition of our
Treasury, and of our country, it would not be
wise for us to obstruct the smallest source of rev-
enue to the public Treasury. I would not pro-
pose it. I would not now propose to distribute
the proceeds of the public lands among the several
States, That would be a much moie equal dis-
tribution of them, and without prejudice to any-
body. The new States and Territories go on
populating according to the natural inducements
held out by their condition and situation, and the
fertility of their lands; let nature have its free
course, emigration its natural course; let all things
go on according to nature. But we are not satis-
fied with that. We want some artificial stimu-
lant. We want to stimulate emigration. We
want to stimulate settlement in a particular place.
Is that right? Is it politic? Is it wise? and, in
this case, is it just ?
A distribution of the proceeds of the land would
be much more equal. Distribute them, if you
please, for a particular purpose, to be appropri-
ated by the several States to the purposes of edu-
cation—general education by a system of common
schools, that the whole country might have some
interest in; but do not give A, B,and C, one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land. I cannot see that
there is any public benefit in that. I can see that
the individual is benefited, but 3 cannot see that
any public interest of the United States is bene-
fited by it. If it were a choice between this bill
and a disposition of the proceeds among the States
for some purpose beneficial to all the States, I
should certainly prefer a distribution of the pro-
ceeds to this partial mode of giving the public
lands.
Sir, I did not intend to have occupied this much
of your time with any remarks of mine on tlys
subject; but for these reasons I would bear the
ills of holding on to the public lands a little longer,
particularly in the present condition of the Treas-
ury of the United States, than giving them away,
as this bill does.
Mr. DURKEE. Mr. President, there is one
aspect of this case that, I think, has not yet been
really presented to the Senate; and that is, that
all this land has been paid for by the people of
the United States, and the poor man has been
taxed much more than the rich man, according
to his means, for the purchase of the land, and,
in many instances,he hasexhansted all hismeans.
What is this proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee ? ft is in substance to say that he may
occupy that for which he has already paid.
Now, sir, a word in relation to the remarks of
the Senator from Kentucky. He says it will have
an unfavorable bearing on the old States. That
argument would have been equally good in rela-
tion to the acquisition of Louisiana, and the ac-
quisition of territory from Mexico. It seems to
me to be self-evident that if it is right to acquire
territory, it is good policy to facilitate its settle-
ment, to make it productive. Does it not belong
to us as a nation, and as statesmen, to encourage
the settlement of the new country, to build up
States and Territories? It strikes me that it is
the great mission assigned to us. AH of us who
have a knowledge of the history of settlements in
a new country on the frontier, know that hard-
ships and privations of no small extent are en-
countered by the pioneers, and that they receive
very small compensation for their services and
triumphs. When they actually pay for the land
in their services, and have no means in money to
buy it, it certainly appears to me a good policy to
give it to them.
I feel, sir, that this bill is the very best measure
that has ever been presented to Congress for the
disposition of the public lands. It will have a tend-
ency to lessen crime in your cities, to improve tho
morals and industry of the people. Its tendency
will be to contribute to individual and national in-
dependence; and these are the great elements wo
wish to incorporate into our institutions. Itlooks
to me as though it was the mission assigned us to
devise ways and means for the settlement of this
country; to make the people independent; to build
up States, and thus to fulfill the destiny of the
American people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that,the Senate
adjourn.
'Mr. CLAY. I trust 
Mr. MASON. It is Saturday afternoon, and
late. I hope that we shall adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. We want an executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If Senators on the other
side desire an executive session, I will withdraw
my motion for that purpose. ["No!" "No!"]
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 24, noes 17; and the
Senate adjourned to Monday
