1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
190
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. As I understand
the modification, it is to-refer the question to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I accept it as a mod-
ification of my motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a word to the gentleman from Georgia before
he takes his seat. It is nota matter of any conse-
quence to me what direction this House may see
fit to give to that portion of the President's mes-
sage.
It is true that I am a member of the Committee
on the Judiciary, and it seems to me that the prop-
osition of the gentleman fiom Georgia amounts
to an expression of distrust of the action of that
committee, by requiring them to do whatthey are
compelled to do under the rules of this House in
the discharge of their ordinary duties.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not wish
the gentleman to understand me in any such way.
I do not think that it is disrespect to any commit-
tee to require it to report on the expediency of any
measure.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is the duty of the commit-
tee to report, and as one member of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, I feel authorized to say that
that commjttce will report on the subjects referred
to it, without being required to do so by express
resolution of the House. If this subject go to that
committee, I am satisfied that it will promptly act
on it, and report its action at once to the House
without the requirement of the resolution, which I
confess seems to me to be a little harsh.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Thcgentleman,
I think, is a little sensitive.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I suppose there
is hardly acommittee which has not had submitted
to them propositions with instructions. The com- |
mittee of which I am a member, had instructions I
of a similar character to report, &c. We did
not consider it harsh. It is usual. Further than
that, it is parliamentary. I do not doubt that the
Committee on the Judiciary are inclined to dis-
charge their duties. It is our right to make them
do it when they do not do it. It is our privilege,
whether the committee hkes the harshness of the
language used or not. I am for the resolution in
the words in which it is at present couched.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is all true, that it is the
right of the House to require its committees to do
their duty when any inclination is evinced to dis-
regard them. But I ask with what justice and
magnanimity, with what propriety, this House
requires a committee to discharge its duty before
it has shown a disinclination to do it?
The gentleman says that his committee has been
instructed. I apprehend he is under a mistake.
This is not an instruction to inquire into the ex-
pediency of doing or not doing a certain thing, but
a requirement that a certain thing shall be done.
To do what? That the committee shall report.
The instruction goes to the point of report and
not to the point of examining the subject. You
require that thejr shall report.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Report what?
Mr. HOUSTON. Upon the expediency of a
certain proposition submitted to them.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. You do not say in the res-
olution that the committee be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of such a thing, and report
thereon, but you refer a matter to them, and re-
quire that they " shall report;" your requirement
is confined in its present phraseology to tho fact
that the committee shall report, as if you feared
the committee would refuse or neglect to report,
notwithstanding your rules require of all commit-
tees to make reports of matters submitted to them.
Now, sir, with all respectfor the gentleman, I be-
lieve that that part of the phraseology of the reso-
lution as it now stands is wrong.
The CHAIR.MAN. If the Chair understands
the question, it is this: The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Quitman] submitted an amendment.
In the subsequent conversation which took place,
the Chair understood the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. J. Gla^cy Jones] to accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Msisissippt as
a modification of his resolution. Is the Chair
correct ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Chair is cor-
rect; but there was a misapprehension on my own
part. When the gentleman from Georgia stated
that he would offer an amendment to the resolu-
tion, substituting the Committee on the Judiciary
for a special committee, accompanied with the pro-
vision that that committee should report promptly
on the subject, I accepted it as a modification of
my resolution. I understand now that the gen-
tleman from Georgia meant to embrace the wiiole
subject-matter of the amendment of the gentleman
from Mississippi, and I cannot accept that.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the proposition
stands as it did before.
Mr. BOCOCK. At this late hour I do not pro-
pose to occupy much of the time of the commit-
tee, and it was not until a few moments ago that
1 thought of saying a word in reference to this
subject at this time. A resolution was adopted
yesterday, calling upon the President of the United
States for information touching this subject, and
I felt it proper, as a member of this House, to
wait until that information should be before us.
The position that, by the favor of the Speaker, I
occupy as chairman of one of the committees of
this House, which may be supposed properly to
hove cognizance of the conduct of Commodore
Paulding, made it peculiarly desirable to me to
wait until the whole case should be spread before
us. When the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] was discussing this question this morn-
ing, and was maintaininga particular construction
of the neutrality law, in view of one particular
section of it, which construction I felt sure that
another section contradicts, I rose in my place
and called his attention to the last named clause,
rather with a view to hear his construction of it,
thon for the purpose of proclaiming a difference
of opinion with him. My interposition, as the
House knows, led to some discussion between us.
Lest on this account I might possibly be supposed
by the House and the country to occupy upon all
the questions which have been involved a differ-
ent position from that of the gentleman from
Georgia, I have risen now to deny that such is
the fact. Indeed, if I must be required to com-
mit myself upon the question of Commodore j
Paulding's acts at this early stage of the proceed-
ings,and with such information as we possess, I
j should say that his conduct was without law,
without authority so far as I know, and alto-
gether improper. However, I say that I prefer
to wait until all the facts are before the House,
and to discuss the matter in view of these facts.
I am in favor of having this question of the neu-
trality law inquired into. The difference between
the construction of the gentleman from Georgia,
and my own, does not create any difference of
opinion between us in regard to that matter. If,
underthe neutrality laws, the Army and Navy can-
not be used by the President of the United States
in arresting an expedition beyond three miles, or
a marine league, from shore, as contended for by
the gentleman from Georgia, I am in favor of in-
quiry and action with a view to settle the con-
struction for the country. If, on the contrary, the
power is given to the President under the act of
1818, as I contend is the case, to employ the naval
power to arrest vessels in mid-ocean, and prevent
their progress, when carrying expeditions of this
sort, I am still m favor of investigation and inquiry
as to the propriety of a change of the law.
Now I may be excused, under these circum-
stances, in saying a word in justification of the j
construction 1 gave to this law when I interrupted |
the gentleman from Georgia, a few minutt-s ago. i
1 do not think that the technical and verbal cnti- '
cism of the gentleman from Georgia is correct. 1
In the eighth section the law points outtlvi cases •
in which the President of the United States shall I
have command of the Army and Navy. It says !
he shall have command of the Army and Navy
for the purpose of arresting a vessel which is being '
fitted out for unlawful purposes. He shall have
command of the Army and Navy to take a vessel
when it has embarked upon an unlawful expedi-
tion, and, process being issued, there is not other-
wise force enough to arrest it within the jurisdic-
tion of the courts of the United States. Then,
having pointed out several specific canes in which
he shall have command of the Army and Navy,
the law also says—what? It states another and
distinct case in which the President of the United
States shall have the right to use the Army and
Navy. In enumerating the cases in which the
Army and Navy may be employed, it says:
" Abo, for tito uurpose of preventing the currying on of
anynuoh evp^iin^n turns th" orjim-flicnon oi'the
United States, against the territories or dominions of any
foreign piince or State, or of any colony, district, or people,
with which the United States shall be at peace."
I hold that this law ^ives power to employ the
Navy on part of the high seas where it may be
needed to defeat and turn back unlawful and pred-
atory expeditions against friendly nations.
I will make a suggestion in passing, though not
necessarily connected with the subject, in refer-
ence to using the Navy of the United States in
enforcing the criminal law. The jurisdiction of
the courts may not extend beyond a certain dis-
tance at sea. The i( high seas" constitute, how-
ever, a middle ground, upon which each nation
may exercise a protectorate and police over its
own people. If an offense be committed within
the jurisdiction of our courts, and the criminal
escapes by way of the high seas, that being neu-
tral ground, he may there be captured and brought
back for trial in the appropriate courts. The gen-
tleman from Georgia asked me for a case in which
a vessel had been arrested in mid-ocean, carrying
troops to another and a friendly land for the pur-
pose of making an attack upon it.
Mr. ClUITMAN. I would inquire if the class
of cases to which the gentleman now refers—of
vessels seized upon the high seas—is not limited
to offenses committed upon the high seas not
within the jurisdiction of the United States; and
whether this ofFense, if any, was not committed
within the United States?
Mr. BOCOCK. I think the power of arrest at
sea has a wider application than that suggested
by the gentleman from Mississippi. A case has
been mentioned to me by a gentleman learned in
the law, and generally well informed upon all
these questions. It was the case of the celebrated
Lewis Biker, who, after the murder of Bill Poole,
in New York,attempted to escape by sea. He was
pursued by a vessel of the United States, and was
arrested before he entered the port of Payal. And
even if my friend from Mississippi was correct
in his construction of the law, it would not follow
that the President of the United States would not
have the right to arrest a vessel in mid-ocean,
which was engaged in an unlawful expedition
against peaceful territory, because the offense,
though commenced on our own soil, is continued
upon the ocean.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would ask for informa-
tion, whether the case referred to was not one
where the man Baker was taken off of one of
our own ships by another ship of our own; and
whether the jurisdiction which would attach to
the ship might not affect that case?
Mr. BOCOCK. lam not definitely informed
in reference to it. It may have been so, for aught
I know. But as I was saying, it might be very
well argued under this law, that the offense was
initiated and commenced cn our own shores, and
in continued upon the ocean up to the time when
the expedition is landed upon a foreign shore.
That does not affect the power of prevention given
by the latter clause of the eighth section of the
neutrality law. I must say, m justice to myself,
that when I came into this Hall to-day, I did not
expect to enter upon the discussion of this ques-
tion. It was my design not to do so until after
the proper information had been elicited.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman says that the
President of the United States is authorized to
use the Army and Navy upon the high seas to
capture this vessel. I wish to know from him
whether or not these offenders would be amenable
to any courts in this country?
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman will look at
the law, he will see that a separate power is given
to the President of the United States over and
above the capture of these men, for the purpose
of banging them to trial. He has the power to
employ the Army and Navy to prevent these ex-
peditions from landing upon foreign shores.
Mr. KEITT. I do not see that.
Mr. BOCOCK. The law gives him power to
prevent the carrying on of any such expedition
or enterprise from the territory or jurisdiction of
the United States against the territory or dominion
of any foreign prince, State, colony, district, or
people, with which the United States shall be at
peace.
Mr. KEITT. That docs not apply to seizing
persons on a foreign soil.
Mr. BOCOCK. I beg the gentleman's pardon;
I have not said one single word claiming the power
