1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday^May 22, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. CLEMENS raised the question of order
that a quorum was not present.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced ninety-one members present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
there be a call of the House, and demanded the
yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.^
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 37, nays 119; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adram, Ahl, Aveiy, Clav, Clemens,
John Cochrane, Covode, Cox, Crawford, Davidson, Davis
of Maryland, Dowdell,Eustis, Gartreli, Greenwood, Grow,
Hawkins- Hughes. George W. Jones, Kelly, Knapp, Landy,
Leitei, Letcher, McQueen, Matteson, Mott, Murray, Par-
ker, Potter, Powell, Stephens, Stevenson, and Underwood
—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andiews, Arnold,
Atkins, Bingham, Bliss, Branch, Buffinton, Burlmcaine,
Bums, Bunoughs,Case,Chalfee.Chapman, John B. Clark,
Clawson, Cobb, Coekerill, Colfax, Conmis, Ciagm, James
Ciaig, Cuirv, Cuitis. Davis of Indiana, Davi> of Mississippi,
Davis of Massachusetts Davis of Lowa, Dawes, Dean,
Dick, Durfee, Famsworth, Faulknei, Fentou, Foley, Fos-
ter, Gilman, Uooeh, Goode, Granger, Gregg, Gioe&beck,
J^awrence W. Hall, J. Morribon Harris, Hatch, Hoard,
Hopkins, Horton, Hovvaul, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
Owen Jones. Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Jacob M. Kunkel,
John C. Kunkel, Lovejoy, Humphrey Maisbd!!, Mavnard,
Millson, Mooie, Morgan, Morrill, Edwnid Joy Morns,
Isaac N. Morris, Freeman U. Morse, Olivei A. Morse,
Niblack, Nichols, Palmar, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Phillips, Pike, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, ll<jilly, Uicaud,
Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts. Royce, Ruffin. Russell, San-
didge, Scott, Aaion Sliavv, Henry M. Shaw, John Shei-
man, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Itobeit Smith, Spin
ner, Stanton, James A. Stewait, William Stewart, Thaj er,
Tompkins, Tuppe, Wade, Walbudge, Walton, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watkins, White, Wlmelcy. WiL-on, Woitendyke,
Augustus It Wright, John V. Wtight,aml Zolheofter—119.
So the House refused to order a call.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FLORENCE stated that if ho had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
should have voted in the negative.
The Journal of yesterday was then read.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asjjury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the following
bills and resolutions of that body, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 203) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Charles Porterfield, deceased;
An act (No. 150) for ihe relief of Joseph C. G.
Kennedy;
An act (No. 216) authorizing the payment to
the State of Maine of certain expenses agreed to
be refunded to her by the fifth article of the treaty
between the United States of America and her
Britannic Majesty, dated the 9th day of August,
A. D. 1842;
An act (No. 169) for the relief of Martin Lay-
man ;
An act (No. 252) for the relief of Charles Mc-
Cormick, assistant surgeon m the United States \
Army;
An act (No. 254) for the relief of Townsend
Han*is;
An act (No. 260) for the relief of William
Ciuickshank, J. S. Polack, Calhoun Benham, and
Frederick A. Sawyer, of San Francisco;
An act (No. 266) for the relief of George W.
Flood;
An act (No. 267) for the relief of G. Alonzo
Breast;
An act (No. 268) for the relief of Aaron H.
Palmer;
An act (No. 181) for the reiief of Anson Dart;
An act (No. 272) for the relief of Cluules Knap;
An act (No. 275) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendeigast;
An act (No. 277) for the relief of Albert G.
Allen;
An act (No. 282) for the relief of Bernard M.
Byrne;
An act (No. 283) for the relief of James Mac-
caboy;
An act (No. 284) for the relief of C. Edward
Ilabiclit, administrator of J. W. P. Lewis;
An act (No. 291) for the relief of Webster S.
Steele;
An act (No. 292) for the relief of James A.
Glanding;
An act (No. 293) for the relief of Franklin
Peale;
An act (No. 295) for the relief of David D.
Porter;
An act (No. 301) for the relief of Henry Etting;
A joint resolution (No. 34) for the relief of the
legal representatives of John A. Frost, deceased;
An act (No. 302) for the relief of James Smith;
An act (No. 306) for the relief of Samuel Hr.
Taylor;
An act (No. 308) for the relief of M. C. Gritz-
ner;
An act (No. 309) for the relief of John B.
Miller;
An act (No. 276) for the relief of Mrs. Am-
broise Brou, late of the parish of St. Charles, State
of Louisiana;
An act (No. 324) for the reliefof R. W. Clarke;
An act (No. 328) for the relief of John Pick-
ell, late a lieutenant in the United States Army;
An act (No. 330) for the relief of Stephen R.
Rowan;
An act (No. 331) for the relief of P. S. Duvall
& Company;
An act (No. 332) for the relief of Anton L. C.
Portman;
An act (No. 224) for the relief of Edward In-
gersoll;
An act (No. 335) for the relief of Abner Mer-
rill, of the State of Maine;
An act (No. 336) for the reliefof Assistant Sur-
geon Edward P. Vollum, of the United States
Army;
An act (No. 338) for the relief of Caleb Sher-
man;
An act (No. 340) for the relief of Ann L.
Rogers;
An act (No. 106) for the relief of Elijah F.
Smith,Gilman H. Perkins, and Charles F. Smith;
A joint resolution (No. 38) for the relief of
John Grayson;
An act (No. 367) to providetfor the payment of
certain California claims;
An act, (No. 368) for the relief of Mrs. Eliza E.
Ogden;
An act (No. 323) to confirm the sale of the res-
ervation held by the Christian Indians, and to
provide a permanent home for said Indians;
An act (No. 374) for the relief of George J.
Knight;
An act (No. 377) for the relief of Madison
Sweetzer;
An act (No. 3S0) to provide for the payment
of the claim of the State of Maine for expenses
incurred by that State for organizing a regiment
of volunteers for the Mexican war;
An act (No. 272) for the relief of Brevet Major
H. L. Kendrick;
An act (No. 225) to increase the pension of
John H. Richmond;
An act (No. 214) for the relief of Regis Loisel
or his legal representatives;
An act (No. 250) for the relief of Pierre Gag-
non, of Natchitoches, Louisiana;
An act (No. 327) for the relief of Marie Ma-
lines;
An act (No. 230) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Daniel Hay, deceased;
An act (No. 385) for the relief of the heirs or
legal representatives of John Hudry; !
An act (No. 388) for the relief of the legal rep- 1
resentatives of John Forsyth; and I
An act (No. 332) for the relief of Richard B. i
Alexander. _ ;
Also, that the Senate had passed, without!
amendment, bills of the House of Representatives j
of the following titles: _ !
An act (No. 65) for the relief of Thomas Smith- j
crs;
An act (No. 307) to amend an act entitled " An ;
act granting a pension to Ansel Wilkinson," ap- j
proved August 33, 3856; \
An act (No. 209) for the relief of the represent-;
atives of William Smith, deceased, late of Louis- i
iana; j
An act (No. 211) for the relief of the hens |
and legal representatives of Pierre Bioust>ard, |
deceased, and . i
An act (No. 100) to revive an act entitled <{ An 1
act for the relief of the heirs and their legal repre- |
sentatives, of William Conway, deceased." \
i
ENROLLED BILL. !
i
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled I
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an actio prevent y*
the inconvenient accumulations the Post Ofltee jm
Department of postmasters' quarterly returns; ~
when the Speaker signed the same.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee .
of Ways and Means have had under considera-
tion the various amendments of the SenaXe to the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill; and I now ask the consent of tne House to
report back the bill, with the Senate amendments
thereto, for the purpose of having it referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and, with the Senate amendments, ordered
to be printed. I will state to the House that the
Committee of Ways and Means recommend that
the House concur in the second, third, fifteenth,
sixteenth, seventeenth, nineteenth, twentieth,
twenty-second, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, twen-
ty-sixth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, and thir-
tieth amendments; and that the House non-concur
in the first, fourth, fifth, sixth,eighth, ninth, tenth,
eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, eight-
eenth, twenty-first, and twenty-seventh amend-
ments of the Senate. If there be no objection, I
move that the bill, with the amendments, be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
JOHN M'KINNEY.
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia,
by unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of John McKinney
be withdrawn tiom the files of the House, and referred to
the Couit of Claims.
NATIONAL MONUMENT SOCIETY.
Mr. DODD, hy unanimous consent, reported
back, from the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, Senate bill (No. 152) to incorporate the
National Monument Society, with an amendment;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
ROCK ISLAND BRIDGE.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the consent
of the House that House report No. 250 be re-
committed to the Committee on Commerce. I
make the request by the unanimous instructions
of the Committee on Commerce, there having been
serious errors made in the report.
A Member. What is the report about?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The bridge across
the Mississippi river at Rock Island.
There being no objection, the report was ac-
cordingly recommitted.
BROOKLYN POST OFFICE.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I hold in my
hand the memoiial of the Common Council of the
city of Brooklyn, in the State of New York, with
the petition of four thousand citizens of the city
of Brooklyn, asking for the erection of a post office
in that city. I ask that it may be received, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
There being no objection, the memorials were
accordingly received and referred.
OREGON GEOLOGICAL SURVEY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The gentleman who
yesterday objected to the printing of the report
of the Committee on Public Lands to accompany
the report of Dr. Evans on the Oregon geological
survey, I understand now withdraws his objec-
tion. 1 ask that the report may be printed.
There being no objection, the report was or-
dered to be printed.
WILLETT's POINT COMMITTEE.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am instructed by the
select committee appointed to investigate the pur-
chase by the Government of the site tor the forti-
fication at Wiliett's Point, to offer a resolution.
It is modified fiom the one which I have hereto-
fore asked the House to adopt. We now only
ask that two members of the committee shall
have authority to proceed to examine the site of
the foi tification, and at the same time to examine
witnesses in the city of New \ ork. If the House
will indulge me for a moment 
Mr. BURNETT. It is unnecessary for the
gentleman to consume the time of the House by
any statement; I shall object to his resolution.
