1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Let Justice be Done—Mr. Sandidge.
Ho. of Reps.
pie of the States which do not recognize its exist-
ence. It is conceded that they are property in
those States—made so by legislation. But, sir,
this State legislation cannot make them property
everywhere. Itisrestricted; itislimiteds ltcannot
go beyond State lines. Beyond those limits, the
slave is a man, and no longer property. Such I
understand to be our laws, our judicial decisions,
and the rule of action in the free States, and of the
civilized world; and, sir, it is too late to attempt
to promulgate any other and a different doctrine.
It cannot be done. The inviolability of slave
property is against the universal laws of right,
humanity, and justice, and cannot prevail. But
slavery is in Kansas—established by this consti-
tution;and, as far as this constitution is concerned,
as firmly established as in any slave State in this
Union; and now, what is demanded ? Why, sir,
that Kansas, under this Lecomptonconstitution,
shall be admitted into this Union—admitted, too,
against the will of her people, with slavery per-
petuated in her limits, and the inviolability of slave
property written in her constitution. Shall it be
done? Representatives of the American people,
will you tamely yield to the executive demand ?
Justice forbids; the people forbid: let their voice
be respected. I ask, you, sir, [addressing Mr.
Gilmer, of North Carolina,] southern man as
you are—honorable and high-minded as I know
you to be—shall it be done ? Does southern honor
demand it? No! Do southern rights demand it?
No ! Then why, for even a single hour, impose
upon a people, an American people, a constitution
they abhor ?
But, sir, there is another objection to the Le-
compton constitution—the refusal of the conven-
tion to submit that instrument to the popular judg-
ment, and more especially when it is known that
a large majority of the citizens of Kansas are in-
flexibly opposed to it. The right of the people
to form their own constitution in their own way
is no new thing, and, sir, it is a right that has
never been until now denied, and, whatis remark-
able, denied by the peculiar and exclusive friends
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Now, sir, I for one,
do not claim the right under that bill; I am no
advocate of it; I deplored its passage; it destroyed
the peace and harmony of the country. But I
claim the right on the higher ground of the sov-
ereignty of the people, a principle as old as
the Constitution and the Union; and, sir, its grand
proportions cannot be dwarfed to the narrow com-
pass of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. I repeat, I
claim it on the higher ground of the sovereignty
of the people—that principle which has built up
this, the freest and happiest Government on earth;
until we now, as was said upon a memorable oc-
casion, have realized the description of the edging
of the buckler of Achilles:
" Now the broad shield complete the artist crowned
With his last hand, and poured the ocean round;
In living silver seemed the waves to roll,
And beat the buckler's verge, and bound the whole. *'
This right has never before been a debatable
question. It always has been admitted. I do not
mean, sir, that in every instance it has been ex-
ercised—not at all; for we have now States in the
Union, republican States, admitted without their
constitution having been submitted to the people.
But in all these cases there was no conflict be-
tween the convention and the people. Their con-
stitutions clearly embodied their will; hence no
wrong was done by waiving the right to vote
thereon. But, sir, when the Kansas-Nebraska
bill passed, and when the policy of that bill be-
came the policy of the country, nothing is more
clear than the fact that by its whole intent every
constitution thereafter framed should be submit-
ted to the people for their ratification or rejection.
It was the great element of the bill. And so far
as Kansas is concerned, pledge after pledge has
been made to that effect. The President and the
Cabinet pledged themselves to a full and fair sub-
mission. Governor Walker, in his inaugural ad-
dress, did the same; he went further, and declared:
" I repeat, then, as my clear conviction, that unless the
convention submit the constitution to the vote of all the act-
ual residentsettlers of Kansas,andthe election befairlyand
justly conducted, the constitution will-, be, and ought to be,
rejected by Congress."
So, also, did Calhoun—John Calhoun, the dic-
tator—to the people of Douglas county, when a
candidate for delegate to the constitutional con-
vention. But when the Lecompton convention
met, and framed the instrument now presented
here, then, for the first time, it claimed to be sov-
ereign, and, as such, independent of the people,
and not responsible to their action. Let us look
at this sovereignty claimed by the convention.
Whence its origin? How was it derived? From
a Territorial Legislature ! Did that Legislature
represent a sovereignty? If so, what? If not,
then how could the convention claim in itself a
power greater than the Legislature which called
it into existence?
But again, of what was this convention com-
posed? Delegates. Delegates to do what? To
frame a constitution, not to ordain one; not to set
a lie wgovernmentinto operation, but to distribute
the different powers—the legislative, the judicial,
and the executive, and then unite the whole in one
constitution, and refer their work to the people
to approve or reject. This I conceive to be the
true character of a constitutional convention.
But, sir, these delegates—how came they at
Lecompton ? Did they represent the sovereignty
of Kansas? Let us see. I know that the Presi-
dent has said in his message that a large propor-
tion of the citizens of Kansas did not think proper
to registertheir names. I know he has said they
neglected to vote at the election for delegates. I
know he has said that an opportunity to do so was
fairly afforded. I know he has said their refusal
to avail themselves of this right could not affect
the legality of the convention. This is extraor-
dinary language; but is it true ? No, sir. Now
for the evidence. There \yero thirty-four counties
from which to elect delegates to the convention.
The act of the Legislature required that in each of
these counties a census should be taken and the
votes registered. Was it done? In nineteen
counties the census was never taken. In fifteen
counties there was no registry of voters. And
why this failure? Was it from amy act of the
people? No; it was the act of partisans—partisan
pro-slavery judges, partisan pro-slavery sheriffs;
and therefore it was that the voters in nineteen
counties—a majority of all the voters in Kansas—
were disfranchised, did not cast one single vote
for any delegate to the convention that framed the
Lecompton constitution. Is it denied? I produce
the evidence of Governor Walker:
" In nineteen of these counties there was no census, and
therefore there could be no such apportionment there of del-
egates based upon such census. And in fifteen of these
counties there was no registry of voters. These fifteen
counties, including many of the oldest organized counties
of the Territory, wcie entirely disfranchised, and did not
give, and (by no fault of theirown) could not give, a solitary
vote for delegates to the convention. The lesult was super-
induced by the fact that the Territorial Legislature appointed
all the sheiilTs and piobate judges in all these counties, to
whom was assigned the duty, bylaw, of making this census
and registiy. These officers were political partisans, dis-
senting from the views and opinions of the people of these
counties, as proved by the eleetion m October last."
But it is contended that the constitution—the
slavery clause—was submitted to the people.
How submitted ? How indorsed ? Sir, the sub-
mission itself was a conspiracy against the people
of Kansas; and the indorsement was worthy of
the conspirators. Look at it: the constitution
with slavery, the constitution without slavery.
Here is a duplicity that would have delighted even
Machiavelh. Vote for or vote against, and still
it is the Lecompton constitution, and still itis sla-
very! And the voteis—who were they? Oxford
responded with twelve hundred and sixty-six;
Shawnee with seven hundred and twenty-nine;
Kickapoo—loyal, devoted,and prolific Kickapoo
—with one thousand and seventeen: all fraudu-
lent!
Sir, is not this a humiliating record? Yet upon
this record and this submission, with the great
fact full in his view, that, on the 4th day of Jan-
uary, ten thousand two hundred and twenty-six
votes, one after another, were cast against the Le-
compton constitution, the President urges and de-
mands the admission of Kansas in the Union as
a State.
In view of all these facts, I conceive that it was
the clear duty of the convention to submit the con-
stitution to the full and direct vote of the people.
True, it would have been rejected, overwhelm-
ingly rejected; but what of that? The people of
Kansas had the right to reject it. This right is
denied them; I therefore ask its rejection here—in
this House! Let Congress reassert again its sov-
ereignty over the Territory. Pass an enabling act,
just, wise, and equitable, in all of its provisions.
Secure to each citizen the full and free exercise of
the right of suffrage; guard all from fraud, or as-
certain in any other manner the clear wish of the
people; adopt, if you please, the bill of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, and the day
will not be far distant when Kansas will ask for
admission into the Union, not chained and man-
acled, but as a free, sovereign, and independent
Estate, with a constitution bearing the impress of
the will of her own people.
Representatives of the slaveholdlng States, do
you desire such a result? Do you wish to bring
back peace and harmony, not only to Kansas, but
to the whole Union? If so, no better occasion
ever offered than now. If you force this consti-
tution through the House, what advantage will
you gain ? Will it be slavery in Kansas ? ft can-
not exist there ! Slavery cannot be perpetuated
over an unwilling people. It will be overborne,
scattered to the winds, by the first free expression
of the popular will. Will it be greater security of
slavery in the States ? Establish once this law of
violence; disregard the earnest and solemn appeal
of Kansas; and the day may come when the same
law of violence may strike you down, disregard
your rights, and even peril your homes. Will it
localize this distracting question ? Fatal delusion !
Throe years ago, to localize it you divested Con-
gress of its sovereignty. You asserted that the
people of the Territory should decide their do-
mestic institutions for themselves. Will you now
divest the people of this right, and attempt to lo-
calize slavery in the State ? Do so; but you will
not succeed. Slavery in Kansas cannot be local-
ized, nor peace secured, by any such subterfuge.
Representatives of the free States, Kansas de-
mands justice: shall it be denied ? She demands
that her voice may be heard, and privileges re-
spected: shall they be refused ? She demands the
right to form her own constitution in her own way,
and by her own people: shall it be withheld? Will
you crush her to gratify the Executive? When
you have done so, see to it that you are not your-
selves ground to dust between the upper and
nether millstone of popular condemnation!
Representatives of the North and South, of
every section of this broad Confederacy, upon
your decision rest the hopes and fears of an op-
pressed people. Let it be made. If against Kan-
sas, I feel assured—I know—she will right her
wrongs at the sacrifice of treasure, of blood, and
of life! If for Kansas, then justice will be done.
But, in any event, I call upon the House, each
member of the House, if you would maintain the
Constitution and the Union—if you would pre-
serve and perpetuate the blessings of liberty—if
you would advance the honor, the greatness, and
the peace, of our common country—nay, more,
if you would avert civil war—I ask, I implore, I
demand, that you reject this constitution!
LET JUSTICE BE DONE!
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. SAMDIDGE,
OF LOUISIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 30, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the .
state of the Union—
Mr. SANDIDGE said:
Mr. Chairman: I believe I may say, sir, that
if there is one question more than any other upon
which my constituents have been distrustful of
their Representative, it has been for his great de-
votion to the Union. Hopeful in all things, I
have ever relied upon the great heart of our peo-
ple for that measure of justice and mutual forbear-
ance necessary to preserve, in one nation, the
priceless blessings bestowed upon us. Scanning
the future of my country, in no political horoscope
would I see an early dismemberment of these
States. In this feeling, sir, the mass of my own
constituents, and, I believe, the constituencies of
other gentlemen from the South, have partici-
pated; and if I shall now give utterance to thoughts
expressive of lessened hopes for the future, they
will come from impressions painfully received,
but irresistibly forced upon the mind, and are too
distinct to be withheld from those who have made
me the guardian of their rights. Like smoke from
