1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
ing this subject, wouid be as palpably unconstitu -
tional as it might be deceptive and subversive of
the supreme sovereignty of any people. The Le-
gislature is not invested with power to make or
change constitutions, but to legislate subordinately
to organic laws. The power to make constitutions
is residuary in the people, and is vested in them to
be exercised by them en masse, or by their agents
specially commissioned for that purpose, with
limited or unrestricted power,as they, the people,
may choose when appointing. And this is the
only thing that such convention can do—to follow
out the articles of instruction, and no more. And
it is with them, and them alone, that we have to
deal, speaking to us directly and authoritatively
in this case, and not with a Legislature not au-
thorized to decide, and therefore, as to us, wholly
irresponsible in the ultimate decision of the ques-
tion, what shall be the people's constitution ? A
constitution, in the American sense of the term,
is the superior of the State Legislature. It is a
law unto the State Legislature. It emanates from
a power higher than the Legislature—namely, the
sovereignty of the people. The Legislature is an
agent and representative of sovereignty, itistrue;
but for a specific purpose only—namely, to legis-
late under organic law; not to make or changc
organic law. A people having all power can con-
stitute a representative agent, or agents, with
higher powers than those of the Legislature. A
convention to make or alter a constitution is such
agent, invested with power higher than that of a
Legislature. It makes laws that bind and govern
a Legislature. And its mandates are higher and
more authoritative in that work, and are conclu-
sive against the Legislature. What nonsense,
then, what utter inconsistency and arrogance is
it, for the present or any other Legislature of Kan-
sas to come into the Congress of the United States
and proclaim itself the arbiter of its own supe-
rior—the constitutional convention; and to require
us, contrary to the Federal Constitution, to treat
"with it and take its mandate against the formal
decree of its master and superior—the sovereign
people, speaking in their own chosen way !
But the Legislature of Kansas has, by the peo-
ple's instructions, been made the agent of helping
m the formation of the convention which made
this constitution, and there its office in this work
ended; for then its power of attorney, so to speak,
ended. And for us to inquire further into the sub-
sequent resolves and operations of this Legisla-
ture, or of any subsequent one, for the purpose
of deciding upon the constitution framed by that
convention, would be as absurd and unconstitu-
tional, and abhorrent to American law and Amer-
ican practice, as to require the judge to consult
the constable who summoned a jury, before the
sentence of the law could bo pronounced upon the
finding of that jury. And yet, strange to say,
there are men who stake their political reputation,
it would appear, upon a persistence in such an
absurdity. And no epithet is too foul for these
gentlemen to utter against such as reject the ab-
surd doctrine; no political or personal tie is too
dear to be broken and spurned by them; and all
the bitter rancor of malignity is let loose against
the honest and unbiased expositors of law and
right, if the train of thought and reasoning runs
not upon their track, constructed by the Wilmot-
proviso party.
Rut to be a little more specific as to the agency
of the Legislature of Kansas in this work. 1 wish
to inquire in what that agency consisted, and
■what were its limits? The Legislature existed
by virtue of the organic territorial act, known as
the Kansas-Nebraska act of 1854; and to it was
delegated, unreservedly, by Congress, legislative
power on all rightful subjects of legislation, sub-
ject to the Federal Constitution.
As early as July, 1855, so far had the desire of
changing the territorial for a State government
apparently taken hold of the public mind in Kan- <
sas, that the Territorial Legislature thought it i
incumbent upon them to ask instructions from
the people themselves, to be expressed through
the ballot-box, whether they desired a convention '
to be organized for that purpose. In October,
1856, the response was made through the ballot-
box. This response was, that the people did ou-
thorize such a convention, to be called through the
Legislature elected on the same day on which the
response was made. Here, then, was a specific
delegation of authority to the Legislature for a
given and extraordinary and carefully-limited pur-
pose. That delegated power consisted in making
for the sovereign people, and in their name, and
by their authority, a system of rules and regula-
tions to which they would conform in creating a
convention to form a constitution. The Legisla-
ture was itself a convention for a specific part of
this work of constitution making. Their act in
this behalf, so far as they should conform to the
authority vested in them by the people, was purely
and clearly the act of the people. It was to be a
conventional act, not strictly a legislative act in
the ordinary technical sense. It %vas the act of
sovereignty, not of mere subordinate legislation.
Well, in what way was this special power ex-
ercised I' Did it overleap its design, and set to
work to form a constitution instanter? Notatall,
sir; but, in conformity to its limited and defined
authority, it prepared a set of rules and regulations
"by which another convention should be created
and limited in the further prosecution of the great
end in view. These rules and regulations and
definition of duties for the election and govern-
ment of the subsequent convention are included
in the proceeding commonly known as "the con-
vention act," and is entitled " An act for taking
the census, and the election of delegates to a con-
vention," passed February 19,1857.
It might, with as much propriety, be urged that
this convention act was not valid, by our latter-
day political philosophers, because it was not sub-
mitted afterwards to a vote of the people for ratifica-
tion, as that the work of the subsequent convention
was not valid and conclusive because not submitted
to the people. This test of validity and authority,
if it applies to the one case, must of necessity
apply to the other. There is not a whit of differ-
ence between the two, in principle or in law. And
yet I doubt whether you could find anybody bold
enough to make this objection to the validity of
the convention act; and therefore my surprise is
the greater in seeing the dogged persistence, as a
matter of principle and of necessity, in the other
case. What a commentary upon our philosoph-
ical consistency! But more of this hereafter.
Well, what are the provisions of this conven-
tion act? Let us see. In the first place, that
between the 1st of March and the 1st of April,
1857, all persons entitled to vote, bcing/ree white
male inhabitants, citizens of the United States,
over twenty-one years of age, and all other while
persons actually residing within their respective
counties, should be enrolled or registered. In the
next place, that immediately after the 10th of
April, 1857, a fair and legible list of such regis-
tered voters in the respective counties should be
put up in three places in each election precinct,
with a view to notice and correction, if errors or
omissions should be discovered, and giving time
for such corrections and omissions till the 1st of
May following. It further provided that there
should be sixty delegates distributed among the
whole number of registered voters, as equally as
it was within,the power of man to make such dis-
tribution. It provides that on the third Monday
in June an election of these sixty delegates should
take place in due and prescribed form. It pro-
vides that the delegates thus elected should as-
semble in convention on the first Monday in
September, and should proceed to form a " con-
stitution and State government," which should
be republican m form, for admission into the
Union, on an equal footing "with the original
States," in all respects whatever, by the name of
the State of Kansas; and, lastly, it defines the
nineteen election districts, comprising thirty-four
counties, (if we name Pottawatomie, which be-
longed to Riley county.) So far as I am able to
ascertain, these districts covered the entire Ter-
ritory, so far as it was known to be inhabited, ;
and more than probably was inhabited; and it !
includes six or seven counties, from winch, it is ]
shown by copies of the official returns of the j
famous election of the 4th January last, not a sol- |
itary vote was returned. I shall have occasion to j
refer to this again before I close. !
Thus far, I think, not a reasonable and fair man j
can fail to acknowledge that in form, as well as '
in substance, the most scrupulous caie and reg- |
ularity are manifested in the preparatory arrange-
ments for the formation of the constitutional con-
vention, provided that it be conceded that the
people ol that Territory had a right to form such
a convention at all, in any other way than by mass
meeting. The Legislature, in the first place, in
view of the manifest disasters that were oppres-
sing the people in their territorial condition, sub-
mitted the question to the people in a definite
form, whether a convention should be called, by
the act to which I have referred before, and which
is entitled "An act to provide for the call of a
convention to form a State constitution." The
sixth section of that act provides that " if a ma-
jority of persons shall vote in favor of' conven-
tion,'"at said election held therefor, "then it
shall be the duty of the Legislature, held next after
the said election, to provide for and make all ne-
cessary provisions for an election of.members to
said convention, defining their duties," &c. At the
October election of 1856, the same which elected
the members of the next Legislature, an almost
unanimous response was given for" convention,"
and from that moment it became the duty of the
Legislature to proceed according to the section
just quoted; for that was the special instruction
conveyed by the responding vote for "conven-
tion," thus constituting the assembled Legisla-
ture a special convention for a specific purpose.
They were to make " all necessary provisions for
an election of members to another convention,
and defining their duties."
That Legislature did their work. At their ses-
sion next after this vote in favor of a convention,
they provided for and made such " provisions" as
they deemed " necessary" for an election of mem-
bers to said convention. Such provisions are em-
braced and contained in what is called the " con-
vention act" before stated. Now, the passage of
this convention act was as purely an act of sov-
ereignty as the making of a constitution itself. In
order to be of binding validity, it must emanate
from, and be ratified by, as broad an exercise of
the sovereign power as that which follows it, in the
shape of a complete and ratified constitution. It
was not the fruit of mere legislative discretion, that
migh t be altered or amended bya subsequent Legis-
lature in its ordinary capacity. It was irreversi-
ble, except by the same special authority os that
which provided it. Yet I have heard nobody con-
tend that this convention act should have been
submitted to the ratification of the popular vote,
before it should be valid and operative. I suppose
it was not considered necessary to do so for the
purpose of giving it the unction of sovereignty.
There was nothing ill the special instructions "to
the Legislature requiring such submission, and
therefore, I suppose, they thought they had power
to make final, as well as power to submit, that con-
vention act for approval by separate vote. I do
not think they did wrong in not submitting that
convention act; nor would I have considered it
wrong had they submitted it. The aigument for
its submission is just as strong as the argument
for the submission of the constitution, in a U-ga!
point of view. Had I been in Kansas, I might
have exercised my influence for both, perhaps, or
for one or the other. I might have found reasons
that would have made me very anxious about
the submission of both, or of one or the other.
But I would not have committed the absurdity
of taking the position, had I been there, that
one or the other or both of these important acts
of sovereignty—tho malting of the convention
act, and the making of the constitution by their
respective conventions—could not be complete,
without the further indulgence of my personal
desire that they, or either of them, should have
been confirmed by a separate vote.
But I hear no objections made that the con-
vention act was not thus put to the popular vote
after its enactment.
I have seen somewhere m the course of this
controversy a suggestion that this convention act
was not quite as perfect m its details as it might
have been; but, strange to say, it was not made
the pretext for demanding for it a popular ratifi-
cation. The special advocates for popular sover-
eignty let it pass muster without popular ratifi-
catioWin their favorite style.
But I doubt whether any enactment for a similar
occasion will be found more satisfactory as a
whole, in fairness and equity.
Very good and evident reasons then had Gov-
ernor Walker to impress upon the people in the
Territory the importance of exercising the elect-
ive franchise, under the convention act, m the
election of their delegates. He knew as well as
we do that the act was final, and would conclude
