306
THE CONGKE^IONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
to the President, or to naval officers, to capture
men upon the soil of a foreign nation. On the
contrary, my opinion is, judging from the inform-
ation we possess, that Commodore Paulding acted
entirely without authority.
I think, however, Mr. Chairman, that all this
discussion is premature. We have called for the
facts. Let us get them. Let us examine all the
documents that may be produced here, calmly
and impartially, and let us give our verdict in re-
lation to the arrest of Walker like menVho are
conscious of the importance of the question; like
judges, and not like advocates.
I will say further, that I rose for the purpose
of preventing the idea going further, because of
the question I put to the gentleman from Georgia,
that I am a defender of Commodore Paulding in
the position he has taken in relation to this mat-
ter. I am not so. I listened with pleasure to the
gentleman from Georgia. I differ with him in his
construction of the law in the particular which I
have named. But I am not the less willing, be-
cause I differ with him in the construction of the
law, that the proper committee of this House
shall inquire into the propriety of modifying or
repealing it. I am in favor of such an inquiry.
As to the particular committee to which the
subject should be referred, J deem it a matter of
very small importance. I know many of the
gentlemen who compose the Committee on the
Judiciary. I know several uf them to be eminent
lawyers—men of business—men of sound, clear,
critical, and scrutinizing minds. They have not
had an opportunity yet to show whether they
intend to discharge their duties diligently and
faithfully or not. I believe they will do so. I
believe it is improper, at this period of the ses-
sion, seemingly and indircctly to pass a vote of
condemnation upon those gentlemen, either by
taking business from them that legitimately be-
longs to them, or by any other direct or indirect
course. I am in favor, therefore, of referring this
matter to the Judiciary Committee, believing that
they will, with diligence and intelligence, inquire
into it and report to the House. When a report
shall come from them, it will be time enough to
go into the discussion of the neutrality laws. I
shall then, probably, ask to be heard on the sub-
ject more at length.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, t have but a few
words to say. I agree with the gentleman from
Virginia, who has just taken his seat, thai until
we hear from the executive department, in re-
sponse to {he resolution that we passed yesterday,
we are not m possession of such facts as will en-
able us to discuss this question understandingly.
Sir, I have bet>  pleased to see the manifesta-
tions upon the other side of the IIouso, of jeal-
ousy of executive encroachments on the rights
of the citizens of the country, ft is, sir, encour-
aging; and when indignation was expressed by
the honorable member from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] that the President, without authority of
law, should use the Army of the Republic to perpe-
trate outrages upon justice and right, I responded
to the sentiment, fcut I ask that the rule which
gentlemen lay down for the sea shall apply to the
land also. Your Army has been useu for two
years and more as a police force to perpetrate
outrages upon justice, and uphold in one of the
Territories of the Union violations of the right?
guarantied by the Constitution of your country
to every American freeman. That Army has been
used by your Executive as a police force to up-
hold a despotism as odious as any that exists on
the face of God's earth, and by the voices, too,
of the gentlemen who to-day denounce the Exec-
utive for maintaining the laws of the country upon
the water. This is all I have to say. 1 desired
only to coll attention to the fact that the rule would
apply on the land as well as on the .sea.
Mr. MAYNARD obtained th<< floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee to yield me the iloor until I
can get the resolution m the proper form.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will do so. I was about
to ask that the resolution, as it now stands, might
be reported.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Quit-
man] withdrew his amendment* and that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Glancy Jones]
modified the resolution so as to place it in the
shape in which it will now be read.
The Clerk then read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to a unifonn bantu apt law. and
that mueh of the Piesident's annual message as relates
to the dunes of ait independent State in lis relations with
tne members of the groat Itiinil}' of nations to re,-,train its
poople from acts of hostile aegretsion against their citizens
or subjects; and so much as relates to the present neutialuv
law of 20th of April, IblS; to the litting out, within the limits
of our country, of lawless expeditions against some of the
Cential American States; to the ins-tiuctions issued to the
marshals, and district attorneys, and to the appropriate
Aimy and Navy officers, together with the President's rec-
ommendation that we should adopt such measures as will
be effective in restiammg our citizens fi oin comniiuin? such
outrages, be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
who are hereby lequnedtomquire into and teport upon the
expediency of the lepeal or modification of said act of 20th
of April, 1818, with power to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I accept the mod-
ification.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire, with the permission
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard,] to say but a word; and that is, that the
resolution, as now written, obviates the objection
that I entertained to it when I addressed the com-
mittee before. The Judiciary Committee are re-
quired, by the resolution, as it now stands, to
" inquire into and report," and that is the usual
form.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The resolution
is exactly in the shape in which 1 put it before the
gentleman made his remarks. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not so understand it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Well, it is all
right now.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was about to express a
hope, sir, when I was interrupted, that as I be-
lieved there were no " niggers" in Niciuagua, none
would be brought into the discussion of this ques-
tion in this House.
A Member. They are all niggers there.
Mr. MAYNARD. [ am told they am all ne-
groes; but I believe there arc no domestic slaves
there; or if there are, we certainly have not any-
thing !o do with them. I trust that tins question,
which wc must all see and know is one of great
and grave import to the country, will be suffered
to stand and be discussed upon its own intrinsic
inm its. The Kansas question and the Utah ques-
tion will, of course, occupy our attention, and
will receive very full, and, 1 am happy to believe,
most able and earnest discussion from gentlemen
who are very well nble to discuss it. But this
question, I hope, will be allowed to stand and be
discussed by itself, separated fiom the various
other subjects to which I have alluded.
J rose, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of ex-
pressing a hope that the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. (JLuitman] will adhere to his amend-
ment proposing to refer this subject to a special
committee instead of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. I mean this subject that relates to the
recent events that have transpiifcd, as we learn
through the public prints, at Punt a Arenas. In
making this suggestion and expressing this hope,
1 trust that 1 shall not be supposed to entertain
any disrespect to the Committee on the Judiciary,
all of whom are men fully able to discuss and
consider and apprehend this or any other subject
that we may think proper to submit to them. But
this question is one of great importance, not only
to us here as the Representatives of the people to
inquire into and consider, but to the people them-
selves.
1 trusted that there would be a special commit-
tee to which this matter would be referred for a
further reason. Th«* distinguished member from
Mississippi [Mr. CUutman] is a representative
man—if i may be peimitted to use "the expres-
sion—representing a large and important portion
of the public sentiment of the country. Whether
that sentiment be right or wrong, proper or im-
proper, just or unjust, perhaps it is not necessary
for us now to consider; certainly it would not be
properfor me to express an opinion on that point,
l trusted, sir, that this subject might come un-
der the cognizance and supervision of the distin-
guished gentleman, and that we might have the
benefit, and the country might have the benefit of
his investigation of a question, which, it strikes
me, is of great importance to all the citizens of
the country.
I must be permitted, in this connection, to sug-
gest that I am not ready here and now, m this
early, hasty, premature way, to stand in my place
and express disapprobation of the conduct of the
naval officers of our country. They belong to a
most honorable and glorious profession. They
have, in times past, done deeds of honor and im-
mortal glory, thrilling with delight our hearts even
in childhood, as we read them. I cannot here
censure them, at least until we have fully the facta
of the case. I believe, from what we have heard
and from what we have seen, from the documents,
official and unofficial, before us, that when we
have all tlxi facts before us, if there is blame to be
attached, it will certainly not fall there.
We had submitted to us, the first day of the ses-
sion, the message of the President of the United
States. That distinguished functionary, in the
coursc of his message, makes the following decla-
ration:
" When it was first rendered probable that an attempt
would be made to pet up another unlawful expedition
against Nicaragua, the Secretary of State i&?ued instruc-
tions to the marshals and district attorneys, which wcic di-
rected by the Secretaries of War and Navy to the appropri-
ate Aimy and Navy olficeis, lequirmg them to be vigilant,
and to use their be- t oxeinorus m carrjing into effect the
provisions of the act of 1818. Notwithstanding these pie-
cautions, the expedition has escaped from oui shores."
He states this as a matter of fact. What that
expedition was which escaped from our shores,
there can be no doubt or hesitation in determining.
Then, he says, " the leader of that expedi-
tion was arrested at New Orleans, but was dis-
charged," &c. Who that leader was, I suppose,
nobody has or ever did have any doubt. This,
sir, comes from headquarters; it comes from the
chief Executive of the nation himself, and it came
to this House on the 7th day of December last.
In looking into the conduct and correspond-
ence of Captains Paulding and Chatard, I take it
for granted, from the tone and style which per-
vades the composition, that they had, or, atleast,
thouglit they had, ample instructions to justify
them in the course they thought proper to pursue.
Well, sir, if they had—if they were acting under
instructions of that character fiom the Govern-
ment—are gentlemen here now to reproach them,
and condemn them for what they have done?
I may be permitted to observe, in passing, that
although I have no personal acquaintance with
that distinguished commander who has been the
subject of these reproaches, citizen of my own
State though he was, and though I have never
seen him, or had any communication or corre-
spondence with him, directly or indirectly, it does
strike me that one of the most noble and glorious
acts of his life—one which should entitle him to
our highest consideration as a noble and magnan-
imous man—was that very act in which, when he
saw the power of his country arrayed against
him—when he saw the stripes no longer the ban-
ner of his protection, but the signal for his ar-
rest—he bowed in submission to that power, and
yielded himself, ready and willing to go where
and when that power might determine or dccide.
He came and submitted himself at the feet of the
chief Executive. For that act, if for no other act
of his life, I would look upon him as a man of
honor and spirit—as a good citizen, ceitamly not
deserving the reprobation which has been heaped
upon him in many quarters.
But, sir, supposing these facts are all so; sup-
pose it be as the Chief Magistrate assumes; sup-
pose instructions were issued, as we can suppose
they were issued, to ournaval commanders: then
the question auses which I understand constitutes
the difference between the honorable gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] and some of the
I other gentlemen who have spoken upon this sub-
1 jeet. They say these high functionaries w«re not
protected by the law, as it now stands upon the
statute-book; and I am constrained to say, that,
according to my humble judgment, from the ex-
amination I have been able to give the subject,
they were protected by the law of 1818, to which
the President makes allusion in his message, if
the facts warrant its application.
Section six provides:
"That if any person within the terntory or jurisdiction
of the United States besin, 01 provide, or prepare the means,
for any mihtaiy expedition, or enterprise, to be carried on
from thence against the terntory or dominions of any foreign
prince or £tate, or of any colony, district, or people, with
whom the United States are at peace, every person so of-
fending shall be deemed ?uilty of a hijjh misdemeanor, and
shall be fined not exceeding three tliou&and dollars,and im-
j prisoned not moie than three years.''
Such an expedition, we are told by the Presi-
dent, had been actually fitted out, and had escaped
from our shores. Then, sir, these being the facts,
