1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ulating elections, but they have not done so. No Jaws exist
but State laws. No law is pretended to exist in Minnesota
for the election of Representatives to Congress but tilts
clause. Every election which does not conform to this
clause is, therefore, without law, and therefore void.
If, therefore, the State law requires three'Itepr e sentati ves
to be elected, and the State is entitled to only two, it is im-
possible to make under that law a valid election. The law
makes it the duty of every citizen to vote for three persons.
The returning officers are bound to return three persons.
If the people voted for three, and if three be returned, there
is no possible way of ascertaining for'which tvvoof the three
the people voted ; and the ballots are void; the return is
void for repugnancy; and there is no one elected.
If, on the other hand, the people, by some singular acci-
dent, voted for only two on each ballot, there must be three
returned by law. 'The law of the State, which is the only
election law we can look at, declaies the three highest per-
sons elected; and the letuuib to this House must confoim
to that fact, and ceitify the election of three persons ; and
the same would be the case it each voter named only one
person on each ticket. Still, the thiee highest would be de-
clared decked, and equally elected— m fact, equally entitled
to claim a return, and equally entitled to a seat in this House.
There is no mode or law by which this House can elect, out
of the three eeitified to us, two, who should be the Repie-
spntatives To suppose that, is to suppose a law of election
different from the only one actually existing. Congress, in
judging of elections, is not a legislative but a judicial func-
tionary; deciding, not what ought to be law, but whether
either of the claimants before her is entitled to a seat under
the State laws. What those laws say must be read alone
in them. If they conflict with paramount laws, they are
void : but the fact that the only law of a State is void be-
cause m conflict with a paramount law, does not create
anothei law in conformity with the paiamount law. The
law remains simply void, and is as it it had never existed.
So that if the only law of a State for an election be abso-
lutely in conflict with the Constitution of the United States,
or a law of Congress constitutionally binding on a State, it
is ay if there were no law of the State at all on the subject;'
and if it be the only election law of the State, then theie is
no election law, and no election is possible till one shall
be pa>t>ed. The mere declaring b\ Congress that the State
shall be entitled to two Representatives, is not an election
jaw, hut defining the number which the State may elect.
It confers on Congress no power to elect for the State, be-
tween sevcial peisons equally elected by the State laws,
any moie than it gives the power to Congress, to say which
of two persons having an equal number of votes shall be
the Representame.
Nor can the difficulty be avoided by assuming a paiticu-
lai case, when there may happen to be two candidates hav-
ing a majority, and the highest number of votes, and the
third having the next highest, and solving the difiicuhy by
taking: the two highest and leaving out the thud.
Foi lfall tluee have a clear majoi itv of the whole vote, it is
cleat that a majority of the whole people have sent all three ;
and the minority, who gave a greater vote to two over the
Que, have no right awaided to them to elect their lavorite
to the exclusion of the third peison having also a majority
of the whole vote ca-=t. And if only two have a majouty of
the whole vote, and the third stand next highest, the case ,
is not altered ; for the law equally declares all elected. A ,
majouty elects only because the law savs so. The law may 1
require two thirds, or it may declate the highest vote, though ;
a minoiity, sufficient; but in either event it is notthe mere j
fact that a majority or a mete pluiahtv 01 votes aie ea«t lor |
the thice persons which elects them, but the fact that the
law declaie« that the three having such number ot votes
shall be deelaied elected, winch elects them. The one is as
much elected as the othet. The highest i- no more elected
than the lowest ot the thiee. And the fact that two ot the
three have higher numbers than the thud can be no ground
for Const ess to select between the thiee peisons elected by
the State ]aw„to make a Congressman out of two, ami re-
pudiate the third That is for Congicss to elect instead of
the people. If the State law might say, whoever gets ten
thousand votes shall be declared elected, it is plain any Mii-
plus over ten thousand would give no one any advantage j
over one having onlv ten thousand.
In a word, any supposed tight of Congress to select two j
out of three, by teuton of two out of thiee declared elected J
by the State law happening to have more votes than the j
third, assumes that it is not the law, but the number ab;5o- I
lutely, mespective of the law, which elects; and th:.-. is j
plainly not so, when the law expi esslv declare that three |
shall be declared elected, anddiaws no distinction between ■
the validity of the election of the third bv reason ot any dit- ,
fereticc m the number tff their respective vote between ;
themselves !
Votes may not follow the ratio of number merely, and we ;
must always look to the law to see the value aligned to the
numhci. When the House ot Rept espntatives elect a Pi ev-
ident, this votes castaic not counted, except as memheis
constituting a State vote; a majority of a!' mu?t concur to
elect, and thev cannot elect unless two third*, of the States
bo pie-sent. This sufficiently, shows how fallacious and ar-
lutiary a test rneie nuinbeis aic. It is the law alone which
presetibe-? the value to the number; and if it say a smaller
numbei shall elect equallv with a laiger number, piovuled
jtiie smaller number bear any assigned relation to the whole
number, then the person getting such smaller number is
equally elected with the other under the onlj law dec! n nig
who tdiall be leturned as elected.
In a wotd, the law of Minnesota is void, because m di-
rect conflict with a patamount law; and she can Ikivp no
repieseiitatioii till she has changed hei law and m ido it con-
form to the law of Congiess.
I-lete is not theca?e of an election law prov.du'g for the
election of two when thief aie teturned. but the fact i« ep-
paient that two have a gieater number than the thud: tor
the law itself dec! ties the two elected, and use third is
reiected a- meio .-ut pillage
'But it is the case of a law self connadicto-y and iepu*
nant, the law of Congress deelat 1112 that two^ only -.hall he
elected, and there: stopping ; the law ot the State tequirmg
that thiee shall be elected, and declaring the thiee having
a certain propoition of votes to be elected, it seems p.am
the law is wholly incapable of being executed, and is void.
Jt is equally clear that the declaration by Congress, after
the actual election under the constitution, that the State
shall be entitled to only two, cannot better the case. If the
number allowed and elected bad happened to agree, the
after law might, with some plausibility, be treated as a rat
ification; but when the whole election was done, and some
three were elected under the State law, the subsequent
declaration that only two could be admitted, could by no
possibility avoid what was valid according to the State law
before, nor elect and discriminate between equal titles under
the same law, by an arbitrary rule not prescribed by the law,
drawn from the irrelevant question of which two got most
votes, when all had enough under the law electing them.
3. But in the particular case, we are not diiven to such
legal discussions.
In point of fact, it is uncontroverted—it is notorious—
that the election was for three members, on the same day,
at the same polls, by the same ballots which were cast for
or against the constitution, and that three persons by the
canvassers were declared elected. The constitution re-
quired the people so to do ; the certificate of W. W. Phelps
states that the election was held under the constitution,
and that W. W. Phelps received a majority of the votes
cast at said election, as one of the members of the House
from the State of Minnesota. If these things be so, then
it is the plain case of three persons voted for and elected at
the same election, on the same day, and at the same time
and places, when only two could be validly chosen; and
that case has been ruled avoid election, as to all, by th§
highest authouty. (See 7 Cong. Globe, 135; Cushing's Parlv
Law, 11)4; Glanville Case*, 1 Land *31.)
JLmW , lU-i , *jr lull V ill e V_/ilScs, 1 1. <i IHI ~ ^ i | 1IW
It is impossible for the House to say which of the three! as sai
the people piefcrred. They have not expressed their will# 1 cej
the people piefcrred. They have not expr
between them, but only between them and others, If we
accept two and reject one, or elect him and assign a mean-
ing to the ballots tor him winch the people casting them did
not assign to them, this House is bound to notice the elec-
tion laws of the States and the pioeeedingst>f officers under
them. We may have to niquue, by evidence, into the de-
tails of numbers of votes and the qualification of voters,
where a contest arises on the question of a majority ; but
we arc entitled to take legal notice, without pi oof, ot the
pioceedings of the canvassois, and what they do, and who
they are, jiHt as W. W. Phelps supposes us to lecogmze
Mr. Medaiy as the officer of the Tertitoiy mentioned 111 the
constitution ; just as judges notice the seal of the United
States, orof aState, without pi oof. So that w<> ai e boned,
111 point of law, 10 notice the fact that thiee petsons were
declared elected by the canvassers, and that their cei uiieate
befoie u-. is only ceitifyiog one of them equally elected at
the same time and places, under the same law, and that all
are equally void.
It is enoneousSy supposed that the question lefenedto
the committee concerns meiely the light of Mi. Phelps to
take his seat piovisionally as holding the ceitifieate.
We regard the question presented as going to his rich! to
the seat at all, whether provisionally or finally; and if the
evidence and law show that he can in 110 event be entitled
to the seat, we are bound now to say so, and to exclude him
fiom a position to which he can have no claim at an} tune.
In the piesent case, it is impossible to sop.uale the two
questions ofa light to take the seat till a hettci title is shown,
and an absolute light to the seat, ior no one can claim the
se.it piovisionally \\ bo is not pinna facie entitled to hold it
absolutely. It is not any ceitificate which entitle* the holder
! to chum the seat. The ceitilicate itself must be a legal cer-
1 tihcate ; it must pm noi t to be fiom or bv an ofiieei author-
ized to give a certificate ; it mu"t puipoit to represent the
; re-ult ot a possible election according to the law ; and it
must show that under such an election the holder is elected
, j/i Una fade.
But tins certificate is a mere nullity, and so appears on
the simplest inspection of it. Theceiufiente does not pui-
; pott to be from anvoincei of the State ot Minnesota, noi by
' any officer authoiizcd by any law of that Stan? to make the
1 certificate. It does not purpnit to be in puisuance of anv
i law 0!' the State, but is dated beiore the existence of the
1 State, and eeitifics an elccuon before the people had even
1 voted on the constitution. It ceitifies Mr Phelps to have
been elected before Congie^s had assigned any Represent-
ative to the State of Minnesota ; beiote the office of Repie-
' sentanvc tor that State had any legal existence, and it pur-
ports to give the lesult of an election held under a law by
which no valid election of the number of Repie-vCntauves
t mce aut'ion/.ed could possibly have been elected.
The certificate is. theiotore.on il« f:ic<\ not a pruna fuae
title, but a prima fucic icfutation of title, and effectually
precludes all ugnt. pioviMonal 01 final, to a seat.
The fact < in the ca-e of James M Cavanaugh beimr the
same, we are of the same opinion as to his right to qualify as
a mejhbei ol this House.
We thuiefotc oflV' the following resolution :
| Re>olceJ, That W W. Phelps ami James M. Cavanaugh
have no light to qualify and take their seats.
EZRA CLARK. Jr ,
JAMI'iS WILSO\\
JOHN a. gilmj:u
! May 19, 1833.
shall, according to the census, show it would be entitled to
according to the present ratio of representation."
Under the authority of this act, a constitution was pre-
pared, and submitted to the people of Minnesota,-and by
them approved on the 13th day of October, 1857.- The ninth
section of article sixteen of this constitution is as follows:
" For the purposes of the first election, the State shall
constitute one district, and shall elect three members to the
House of Representatives of the United States." *
Section sixteen of the same article provides that," upon
the second Tuesday, the 13th day of October, 1857, an elec-
tion shall be held for members of the House of Representa-
tives of the United States, Governor, lieutenant governor,
supreme and district judges, members of the Legislature,
and all other oflicei s  designated in this constitution} and also
the submission of this constitution to the people for their
adoption or rejection."
In pursuance of these provisions of the constitution, and
on the very day upon which the people of Minnesota were
to decide whether it should be adopted or rejected, an elec-
tion was held for three Ilepresentatives in the Congress of
the United States.
The returns of the votes for these officers were after-
wards, on the 17th day of December, 1857, canvassed by
! the proper officers, and the following gentlemen, namely,
1 W. VV. Phelps, J. M. Cavanaugh, and G. L. Beckei, de-
! clared to be duly elected.
I On the 18th day of December, 1857, certificates of elec-
' tion were made out and delivered (signed by " S. Medacy,
I Governor" of the Temtory of Minnesota) to said Phelps
i and Cavanaugh, and, as the undesigned is informed and
| believes, and as he understands to be the admitted fact,-to
ssaid Decker, of each of which the following, with'the ex-
Thc undesigned, a member of the Committee of Dec-
1 tious, to whom wis tefCired the cedentiaU of Mes<u*,.
Phelp- and Civanaugh. with mstiufhons- to report on then
nghf to he admitted and sworn as Representatives m this
House !o the Tim ty Fiuh Co'igiess. fiom the ritate of Min-
nesou, diluting trom the conclusions of the majority,
■ asks leave to --idnnif the following mmouty repott:
On the -loi1'. d 'V of Febiuarv, Congre-s pas?ed an
act entit'-'d w An'arr to authonz" the people of tnuT-'isi-
t<>iV o'TJimif-ota to f<>i:o a eon-titut-on and State co\hii-
ment. p.ep-rai-.iy to ;!•' u admi-si.m mto the TJn'on on an
equal too'mcr v. nh the oug'na) States   The iomfl) .seetioa
ot tm 1 ucl piovid %s i,>. the takimr of a cen^in 01 the p"<>plo
of Mmn'-ota with the yiovV 01 a et-it-unuig tiie nuuibei of
Repie"-enr un'^ to which ^hewossid be o !titlcd m the Con-
1 gre>s of the United and it is deelan;d tuat "■ ^a'd
1 State shall be entitled to one Repiepenuvive. and ^leb
« additional Ilepresentatives as the population of the ^tate h com>i.
rption of the'name of the person elected, is a true copy:
| " 1, Samuel Medary, Governor of Minnesota, hereby cer-
; tify, that at a general election held on the 13th day of Oc-
: tober, 1837, under the constitution adopted by the people of
1 lVlinnesota. prepaiatory to their admission into the Union
I as a State, W. VV. Phelps received a majority of the votes
{ cast at said election as one of the members of the United
! States Ilonse of Representatives of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
! gress, from the State of Minnesota, and, by an official can-
; vass of said votes, wa«,on the 17th day of December, 1857,
| deelaied duly elected one of taul members.
I " In testimony whereof, I have heieunto set my hand
and caused to be afiixed the seal ol Minnesota, at the
L1" S,J eitv ot t Paul, thw 18th day of December, 1857.
I '  S. MEDARY."
' An act for the admission of the State of Minnesota into
! the Union was parsed the 11th day of May, 1858. By this
' act the nuinbei of Representatives to winch the new State
' is entitled in the Congies.3 of the United States is fixed at
1 two. The language 1* as follows: "That said State shall
; be entitled to two Representatives in Congicss until the
j ne\t apportionment of Repiesentaiives amongst the several
! States."
1 0,1 the KtrhdavofMav in«unt. Messis. Phelps and Cav-
anaugh caused their eicdentials to be pie-ented, and asked
I to he m\oiii as nnunbcK of this House; wheieupon the
Ilou?e p,w-edthe tollow ing ) evolution *
i Rewire,1, Tnatthe ceitilieates and credentials ofW.
I W. Ph'dp^ and Jani"s M. (Cavanaugh, claiming seats as
! meinbcis of this Hou-e fiom the State of Minnesota, be le-
1 teped to the Conimiuec of Klcclious, with nibUuctjons to
1 impute into and iepoit upon the light of these gentlemen to
i be admitted and swoin as memboi > of this House."
In the piehnnaaiv inquii v which the committee werp di-
i rected to make, the undersigned did not deem it material
1 to investigate s^veial questions -suggested by the facts, ad-
i milted 01 aliened to exist m the ca.sc, bearing upon thegen-
! eial question of the election of the claimants, rather than
upon then -nuna faae light to be sworn ; and which ques-
• lions are not nndei stood to have been acted upon by the com-
I mitice, but have been IHt to the future action of the House.
1 He acknowledges the gi eat inconvenience that would result
if, in theoidwiaiy cases of election contests, the question of
j the ii'^ht to seats was to be wiised, discussed, and decided,
] upon the piesentaiion of the credentials of peisons whose
i light* aie disputed. But he cannot doubt the strict propri-
i etv ot laising the question of right, in the fiist instance,
1 wnenever th'* papets in possession ot tin* House, and the
j laws, wlrch it is piesinned to know, show that there cannot
' have been a legal election. The question now presented,is
' not so much wbethertheie ha- been alegalek-etion ofRep-
■ leseiitaiives m <;on<!iCss fiom the State o! Minnesota, as
' whether tbepapetspie-eiHod totheHon-e,the laws of Con-
gte-s-, and th" constitution of Minnesota, contain anything
! ta'allv 1 nco11s• tei't w.rh that h\potliesi<
1 in the uidginent or the nndei signed, they do. Tie believes
1 that.umlei the law of Coiig:es-; and the constitution ol M111-
! nesota. theie has been, tlv ie could have been.nojeital elec-
tion. The fact • nece^aiy to be known for the final action
■ of the House aie rucji a~ it is bound to lake cognizance of.
' The credentials of the claimant*, ate in ns possession; the
1 law admitting Mum >ora as a Si ate was passed at the pres-
ent s.essiot:,\itid thcivloie if 5 members must be supposed to
• be actuailvao well ar con ;tructiveiv acquainted with its pio-
; vision^; the constitution ot Minnesota wa? not onlv refenod
to m tins act. but it was upon that instalment that the act
: is founded ; and. besides, it is so incited m the ceitificates
of the tenitoi nil Governor as to make it a p<  t thereof.
When these gMtleiuen pic-.cnt«d themselves to be sworn
m as Represeptat'ves fioni Minnesota, the House was pie-
sunied to know, and it did know, that that State was enti-
tled to two. and o-th two. Representatives; and further, that
the eleeirm ai ulji.'j' "iey al!e<:<; they were chosen vvas an
election for thiee and no-' >01 iwo Representatives. Of these
(act's the House }„ul peitect and complete knowledge—
knowledge. <tc dial and copsti ucttve, at tne time of the ref-
eience to th;1 Cotmmttee of Ci-ctjous. I hey can never be
distill!ed 01 vaned, and they can piove conclusively that
Ihe.e has been no election that tins Ihnwean lecogm/o for
'i"m'>'i)"nt The objection is vital and nisintuountablo. -i hat
it i^a. is aop.uenl upon the fust view of the case. There
cannot have b"en an elccii m of whir h this House can taue
nopce unless it was held under the piovisions ot a law ot
Minnesota. Tnere can have been no law of Minnesota in-
stant vmh a constitutional law of Cong.ess upon the
