1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mt
what was the duty of the President in the execu-
tion of the lows of the country? By the eighth
section, which has been referred to by my friend
from Virginia, it is provided:
fi That, m every case in which a ve«?el phall be fitted
out ami armed, or attempted to be fitted out and armed, or
in winch the force of any vessel of wai, ciui>>ei, or other
armed vessel, shall be increased or augmented, 01 in which
any imlitaiy expedition or enterpute shall be begun or set
on foot, rontraiy to the provisions and p.ohibitions of this
act; andin eveivca?>e ot the captuie of a^hipoi vessel,
within the jurisdiction or protection ot the United States,
as heietofore defined, and m every ease in winch any pro-
cess issuing out of any court of the United States, sholi be
disobeyed,"or resisted, by any person or poisoua having the
custody of any vessel of war, cruiser, or other aimed vessel,
ofany ioreign pnnceor State, or ot anV colony, district, or
people, 01 of any &ubjecfs or citizens of any foicign pru.ee
or St.ue, or of any enlony, dismel, or people, in eveiy such
case it slt'iU be lawful for the President of the United States,
or uick other person as he shall have empowered for that pur-
pose, to employ such part of the land or naval forces of the
United States, or of the militia thereof, for the puipose of
predentin* the currving on of any such expedition 07 enter-
prise from the territories or jurisdiction of the United Stntes
against the territories or dominions of any f01 eign prince or
State, or of any colony, distiict, or people, with whom the
United States are at peace."
And then arise the great questions which were
argued with so much force by the honorable
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Q,uitman,]
whether that law should stand as part and parcel
of our legislation: whether it ought to remain
upon our statute-book; whether our citizens ought
to be prevented from carrying on private and per-
sonal enterprises, provided they do not involve
their country in hostile relations with other na-
tions? With this view of the case, understanding
these things as I do, I will renew the motion made
by the member from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,]
that this portion of the message be referred to a
special select committee. And I will do it for the
additional reason thai we are obliged, from the
nature of the ease, to have such a committee.
Yesterday, on motion of the honorable gentle-
nan fiom North Carolina, [Mr. Clijtgman,]
which was modified by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] and another gentleman,
whom I do not now see m his place, [Mr. Mar-
shall, of Kentucky,] the President was called on
to communicate to this House complete informa-
tion on this subject. When that information is
communicated to us, it seems to me that we will
have a volume of matter peculiarly appropriate to
be referred to a select committee to examine and
report on it for the action of this House—for ac-
tion it will unquestionably have. And 1 would
ask the gentleman from Mississippi to adhere to
that part of his amendment for a reference of this
subject to a special committee instead of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. Q,UITMAN. lam committed, of course,
to the amendment to my amendment suggested
by the gentleman from Georgia. I cannot recede
from my acceptance of that modification, but I
would suggest that the gentleman can take the
sense of the House on this question by moving
an amendment to my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia has been accepted by the
gentleman from Mississippi, and is a part of his
amendment.
Mr. M AYNARD. I move, then, that the sub-
ject be referred to a special committee, as it was
provided in the original proposition of the gentle-
man from Mississippi.
Mr. LOYEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I want to
protest against the farce which it seems to me we
are acting in this House. If our neutrality laws
.need any change, I am willing to vote for that
change; but it does strike me that that subject
ou^ht to be considered apart from the individual
case which is now being discussed. Gentlemen
utter their sentiments, they say, in advance. Well,
sir, I protest against this attempt to elevate a
buccaneer, a maiauder, a pirate, who has been
disturbing the peace of neighboring nations for
years, (for which fact we hove in substance the
authority of the President himself,) into a martyr.
Walker is a fugitive from justice, escaping under
bail the penal laws of his country, and we are
now to bow in admiiation to the heroism, the
glory, and the magnanimity of a criminal for
yielding himself up to an officer of justice. There
is a great deal of this kind of magnanimity when
a man cannot help it. It has been done before,
and is being done in New York every day under
its poliee arrangements. And, sir, if we have to
admire every such individual, we will entirely
exhaust our power of admiration.
Sir, if he shall meet the due reward of his deeds,
where shall we find' admiration adequate to the
occasion when he is tried b.y our courts, and sen-
tenced and doomed to the felon's death he has so
richly merited, and he moves from the criminal's
box to the dungeon? Then, sir, you must squeeze ]
up your admiration still higher at the wonderful i
magnanimity of this robber yielding unresistingly j
to the power of manacles. But the grand finale
is to come; the proudest moment of his career j
is to come: the climacteric of his glory is now to i
be attained! And when the act is passed, we !
shall hear gentlemen, with a pathos that thumps j
on the heart like a trip-hammer, portraying the |
scene. We shall hear how gracefully Bill Walker, i
the pirate, moved towards the gallows; how hero-1
ically he met his fate; with what mujcstic tiead ,
he took his stand upon the dead fall! And ah !
when the knot shall have been adjusted—our ad- j
miration all gone—with an overwhelming emo- \
tive power of veneration, we shall have to pros- j
trato ourselves on the very earth, and look up j
admiringly to the dangling buccaneer! Sir, my [
admiration will go forth towards the sheriff, and
not to-the criminal.
If Commodore Paulding had performed this.ser-
vice, and hung him at the yard-arm of his ship
after he had arrested him, 1 would have honored
him even more than I do now. That would have
been justice, summary to be sure, but such as j
pirates ought to have dealt out to them.
Now, sir, when this subject comes up on its!
merits, if it is necessary, I am willing to discuss :
it; but I am not willing that even this preliminary |
debate should go out to the people with no voice ;
of protest against tins idea of clothing a man with i
heroism, and making him a martyr, when he is j
simply a rascal. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I do not
propose to enter into this discussion, but I do de- j
sire, if I can, to understand the position occupied |
by the gentlemen upon the other side. I under- \
stand the gentleman from Georgia to argue, that
inasmuch as there is no special power, according
to his construction of the neutrality act, conferred
upon the President to arrest parties on the high
seas charged with the violation of that act, there-
fore no such power exists.
I desire to inquire of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, and of those who agree with him in opinion,
whether they hold to the doctrine that any man
charged with the violation of the criminal laws of
the United States for piracy, murder, or what not,
who once escapes beyond the marine league, is
therefore exempt from all arrest, prosecution, ti ml, i
and conviction ? I do not. I have not examined i
this question; and I do not know that my con- j
ception or understanding of it is accurate. 3 un- ;
derstand the settled rule of international law to be, i
that every nation has the right to pursue its crim-
inals upon the high seas, and to arrest them where- -
ever found under its flag, or without a violation j
to the flag of another nation; and I understand .
further, that if any nation pursues a criminal into ;
the waters, bays, or harbors of any foreign nation, !
and arrests him there; if criminals are pursued, j
and arrested upon the shores, or within the juris- !
diction of another nation, it is all right, subject j
only to such acknowledgments and satisfactions j
as may be due to the nation whose territory was j
invaded. j
Now take a case. I understand that upon the j
Canada border it is by no means uncommon for |
an executive officer, in possession of criminal pro-
cess, to step over the boundary line a rod, or a
mile, if you please, and to arrest and bring back
fugitives from justice. I learn, too, in the case
referred to by the gentleman from Vuginia, [Mr.
Bocock,] that Baker was pursued and arrested
on the high seas, under some sort of process, I
do not know what, and no complaint has been
made about it. There is no want of power in
the executive department to arrest fugitives from
justice, wheiever they may be, subject to any
j amends which they are bound to make to the
ij nation whose territory is violated. Now, what
have we here? Here is a party indicted for a
violation of the criminal laws of the United States.
He escapes beyond your jurisdiction.. He is out
of reach of the oidinary process of the courts of
the country. The question is whether, m such
a case, the executive power of the Government
is not authorized to go upon the high seas and
arrest this party, wherever found; or whether
the high seas is a great sanctuary where crime is
protected, and where it cannot be interfered with
without a violation of the rifflits of the criminal.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman tell me by what law the President of the
United States has the right to arrest any person
charged with crime when he is under bail?
Mr. STANTON. I apprehend that there is no
difficulty fii the world in arresting a party who
has given bail, and the condition of the bail-bontl
is broken.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Do t under-
stand the gentleman to assert the fact that the
condition of the bail-bond of General Walker is
broken ?
Mr. STANTON. I do not know how it is.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I under-
stand the gentleman to say there is no power to
arrest where the individual charged with the of-
fense has given bail. Now, I ask the gentleman
if Commodore Paulding, or Captain Chatard.or
the President of the United States, or any other
man, has any right to assume a man under bail
to be guilty of any offense:
Mr. STANTON. I understand the condition
of a party who is outon bail, and who is indicted
for a criminal charge, to be, that he is, in legal
contemplation, in the custody of his bail. The
bail has control of his person; but if a party out
at bail once forfeitshis bail-bond, there is no-doubt
about the power of the court to issue farther pro-
cess of arrest. And I go even further: If the bail-
bond is not technically broken, but the party is
found in such a situation, and at a point so dis-
tant from the place where he is bound to appear
as to render his return, m obedience to his bond,
impossible, I apprehend that it will be no invasion
of the right of the party to arrest him before a
technical breach of the bond, and to bring hmi
within the jurisdiction where he is bound to ap-
pear.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Has the Pres-
ident any more authority to do it than you have i
Mr. STANTON. As to the question how far
the Executive may do a judicial act under process
from a judicial tribunal, there may be some little
difficulty, perhaps. But I want to go on with the
interrogatory. It is the ordinary practice, when
fugitives fiom justice have escaped, and taken
refuge in a foreign jurisdiction, where they come
within the jurisdiction of foreign treaties, to make
a requisition upon the foreign Government for
their surrender. Very well; you send your mes-
senger or agent. He is an executive, and not a
judicial, agent. He goes under the authority of
the President of the United States. Byvntueof
the treaty, he receives the fugitive from the exec-
utive department of the foreign Government, and
takes him into the custody of the executive. He
is sunendeied, say :n England, and puton board
an American vessel. Now, if the gentleman's
theory is sound, when that vessel is a league from
the English shore, I want to know by what au-
thority the criminal is held ? Sir, it is not true,
and cannot be true, under international law, that
there is no authority to hold a party who has com-
mitted a crime, upon the high seas.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Docs the gen-
tleman put that as a case analogous to the one
under discussion r
Mr. STANTON. I do. Now I wish the gentle-
man to answer the question, and to answer it now,
and that is: Does he hold that there is no power
to arrest a fugitive upon the high seas ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I say there is
power to arrest a fugitive; but I say that there is
no evidence in this case we are speaking about,
of the party being a fugitive from justice. _ As to
the case which the gentleman pats, ofan individual
gull ty of a breach of criminal law, and charged with
its violation, who escapes into another country
with which we have an extradition treaty, we have
the right to send an agent there and demand, not
by the law of nations, but by the treaty s that such
individual should be delivered up, and he would
he bound outside of the marine league, and would
have to come.
But that is not at all analogous to this case. I
have been arguing this case upon the gound that
there is no criminal offense, no criminal convic-
tion in any court, and no agent sent out to arrest
a criminal. It is all suspicion. Now,theiawof
