202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
1818 authorizes the President, within a marine
league, without judicial proceeding, before indict-
ment, upon evidence before an officer of the Gov-
ernment that an expedition is about leaving the
coast, to order out the Army and Navy of the
United States to suppress such expedition, and to
bring it in to answer the charges which may be
brought ajrainst it. That is my understanding of
the law. But, if a party, without the commission
of crime gets beyond that limit, the President has
no power to issue his letters to arrest and bring
him here for trial. Having done such an act,
Commodore Paulding acted without law. I can-
not believe—I repeat, I do not believe the Presi-
dent ever gave such a power. Such is my confi-
dence in the good sense, in the wisdom, and in
the patriotism of the President of the United
States, that I cannot entertain even a suspicion
of his having given such an order to Commodore
Paulding. His past does not allow me to doubt
him on such a question as that. Hence, Com-
modore Paulding acted without authority of law.
That is my argument. In other words, when you
look at the naked act, it was nothing in the world
but kidnapping.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Geor-
gia, as I suppose, does not claim as a legal prop-
osition, that fugitives from justice may not be
arrested upon the high seas. He admits it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Iadmititunder
process of law, but not without. The Constitu-
tion of the United States—the magna charta of our
rights, upon which I stand—declares that no man !
shall be arrested or put in jeopardy, but by due
process of law. That is the ground Istandupon.
The Constitution has laid down the principle that
no man shall be deprived of his life, liberty, or
property, but by the law of the land and thejudg-
ment of his peers.
Mr. STANTON. Does the gentleman hold
that the marshal of the southern district of New
York can extend his territorial limits as marshal,
all over the high seas? Is it a criminal process
issuing from a court in the hands of a municipal
officer of the court, with which he may go over
the whole of God's footstool upon the high seas ?
If not so, then nn arrest upon the lugh seas must
be made by the Executive Department of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, what says the President ? He says that
this expedition of Walker has escaped, and it was
upon the ground that it had escapcd from our
shores, that this arrest was made.
Mr. Chairman, [ do not propose now, because
I think that it wouid be premature to do so, to go
into any question as to whether the President was
authorized, or not authorized; or whether Com-
modore Paulding acted in obedience to his in-
structions or not. The information upon which
this House should act is not now before us. AH
I desired when I rose was to ascertain distinctly
from gentlemen upon the other side whether they
did absolutely take the ground that a party who
had escaped from our shores, and beyond a ma-
rine league, was exempted from further pursuit.
Mr. QUITMAN. f will answer for myself,
and my answer ivS that neither the President of
the United States, nor any officer thereof, has a
right to make arrests unless there is a law of Con-
gress authorizing it.
Mr. STANTON. I had supposed myself that
the executive deportment of every Government,
in its international relations and in the exercise
of its sovereignty over the high seas, if you please,
had certain general powers recognized by the laws
of nations, and that it was not dependent upon
special acts of Congress for every exercise of po-
litical power.
Mr. QUITMAN. I have but a few words to
say upon that subject. The gentleman's position
amounts to this, that the Executive of the United
States has not only legislative, but judicial pow-
ers; for both must be broughtinto exercise to en-
able him to strip a citizen or any man of his right
to liberty.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Mississippi answer a question ?
Mr. QUITMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAVAGE. I am disposed to think that
this debate has gone far enough.
Mr. STANTON. I believe I am entitled to the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Mississippi. I understand
him to say that unless there is an act of Congress
giving special authority to the President to exer-
cise a certain power, he ought not to exercise it,
or has no right to do it. Now, if I understood
him in his remarks to-day, and in the resolution
which he offered the other day, he seeks, by an
act of Congress, to deprive the President of the
power that he now has. Does he desire that there
shall be no power in any Department of the Gov-
ernment by act of Congress (and he says there is
none now) to arrest criminals who have found a
refuge on the high seas?
Mr. QUITMAN, t hold to no such opinion,
sir, but I hold to this opinion, that the Executive,
by virtue of his executive power, cannot arrest,
nor can he imprison, a citizen in any case, unless
the legislative authority has given him express
authority so to do. The gentleman seems to think
that there is something in the executive power
going beyond the Constitution and the laws. We
have divided the departments of this Government
distinctly, and have forbidden each to assume the
duties and rights of another, and I hold that the
Executive has no power of arresting and impris-
oning, either upon the high seas or upon the ter-
ritory of the United States, except that which is
vested in him by act of Congress. I seek not to
deprive him of any powers that are necessary for
the purpose of carrying out our proper obliga-
tions of neutrality to other countries. I seek,
however, to protect the constitutional rights of the
citizen from violation or from invasion, especially
from executive power.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the committee
do now rise. I think this debate has progressed
far enough.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw that motion to allow me to
make a statement.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw it.
Mr. SICKLES, and several other members.
No, no; hold on to the motion.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; I will insist on
my motion, as it seems to be the wish of the com-
mittee.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Thegentleman lias
already yielded the floor to me, and 1 have been
recognized by the Chair.
The C EI AIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Ohio, in response to the appeal
made to him, to withdraw the motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. SICKLES. I renew it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has recognized
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and he is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I merely wish to
suggest, whatseems to be the universal sentiment
of the committee, that this is not the time nor the
place to discuss this question. When the Presi-
dent responds to the resolution of inquiry adopted
yesterday, all the facts will then be before the
House, and the question will come up regularly
for debate. I wish, therefore, that before the com-
mittee rise they would pass this resolution, and
pass on to some other, as this question will come
up in proper order at an early day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Allow me to suggest, that
there are many things in the message that the
committees of the House ought to act on, and I
do hope that it will be speedily referred to them.
This question can then be discussed when the in-
formation which we have called for comes in, or
it can be discussed upon an appropriation bill, but
it is absolutely necessary that the message should
be sent to the proper committees, as otherwise
they cannot act upon any of the President's rec-
ommendations. I hope that, by common conscnt,
the question will now he taken on this resolution.
Mr. STANTON. I think the message ought
not to be taken out of committee yet. There are
other subjects embraced in it that ought to be dis-
cussed.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Mayvard.]
Mr. SICKLES obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman yield for a
motion to rise ?
Mr. SICKLES- I yield the floor for that pur-
pose.
- Mr. GROW. Then, sir, I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Phelps]
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the annual
message of the President of the United States,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report from the
Coast Survey. •
Ordered, That said report lie upon the table and be
printed.
Mr. MILES. I offer the usual resolution for
the printing of extra copies of that report in order
that it may be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
The resolution, which was referred under the
rule, to the Joint Committee on Printing, was
read, and is as follows:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury communicating the rejfort of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1857, in
addition to the usual number, be printed, six thousand for
the use of the Hou«e and the remainder for distribution by
the Coa^t Survey Office; and that the same be printed and
bound with the plates, m quarto form, and that the printing
of said plates shall be done to the satisfaction of the Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey.
On motion of Mr. GROW, the House then (at
a quarter before four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Janxiarxj 6, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. R. S. Bittinger.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of
Joseph Reynes, praying for the confirmation of
his title to certain lands in the State of Louisiana,
claimed under a Spanish grant, and to be indem-
nified for such lands embraced in his claim as may
have been sold by the United States as public
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
He also presented the petition of Camille St.
Amant and others, praying for the confirmation of
entries of land made by them in Louisiana; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
children of Polly Colgrove, praying for authority
to locate or assign a land warrant to which their
mother was entitled; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD. I also present the petition of
Mary Elizabeth Larnard, widow of Major Charles
H. Larnard, late of the United States Army, who
was drowned while in the actual performance of
his duty as an officer of the United States, at
! Fort Snelling, praying for a pension. It appears
i that some correspondence has been had with the
| Department on the subject, and that the laws of
: the United States do not provide any relief in the
case. As it is one of exceeding merit, I beg leave
to commend it to the careful attention of the Com-
mittee on Pensions. I move that it be referred
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Robert
Carter, a passed assistant surgeon in the Navy,
praying to be allowed his pay as a passed assist-
ant surgeon from the time he was entitled to his
examination to that at which his examination
took place; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MASON. I have received a memorial
from Thomas G. Clinton, dated at Washington
city, addressed to the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, in which he prays that a law may be
passed, at the proper time, to increase the salary
' of the President of the United States. The me-
morial is respectful in its terms. I do not know
what appropriate interest the memorialist has in
the subject, but I have thought it proper to present
| the paper to the Senate; nor do I know to what
committee it should be referred. I move, there-
fore, that for the present it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
