1858.
tme congressional globe.
mm
of the question. The understanding of the com-
mittee in making the report which thejr have made j
is, that they'do not pass upon the validity of the j
election, because thatis not called in question; and ;
the only matter presented to theffommittee by the (
resolution of instructions passed by the House, j
was to inquire into their right to be admitted i
and sworn as members. It is simply a question j
of prima facie right to take their seats. It was so i
looked upon and considered by the committee;
and that there might be notice to the world , to j
every person being disposed to contest their right j
to seats, the committee have attached a proviso ;
to the resolution which they introduced. The j
rightof persons to contest theirseats subsequently j
would have existed just as distinctly had that pro-
viso not been attached to the resolution; but the I
Committee of Elections desired that it might be |
distinctly declared that the right of any person I
who desired to contest the legality of their elec- ;
tion was reserved. The committee did not at-
tempt to decide on the question of the legality of '
the election, leaving that to any person disposed .
hereafter to bring it in question. _ I
Now, there was but one question apparent in j
the estimation of the committee which was entK;
tied to serious consideration; and that was, was !
the election that was held in Minnesotaabsolutely '
void or not? If that election was void, then these j
parties have no right to take their seats, even pri-
ma facie; butif notabsolutely void, then they have
aright to be admitted and sworn, subject to the |
rights of other parties as reserved in the resolution j
introduced. _ ]
It will be seen by the enabling act, which was j
passed last Congress, thatit was provided that the 1
State should be admitted with 011c member ofthe
House of Representatives, and as many more
Representatives as their census would show them [
entitled to, under the Federal ratio. That, of I
course, could not be ascertained at the time, be-
cause it was provided that the census should lie
taken subsequently to the election of delegates to
the convention. That convention having assem- j
bled in pursuance of the enabling act passed by
Congress, proceeded to frame a constitution, in
which, as 111 all constitutions-heretofore framed, i
they provided for representation in Congress— ;
not knowing precisely what that representation '
would be—but supposing that they would beenti- ;
tied to three members in tins House, they provided .
in the constitution for the election of that number.
Up to this time there can be 110 question that :
the proceedings of the convention were strictly i
regular. If three members were elected, as would ,
seem to be intimated by the paper read at the i
desk, the question us, to what evtent does that ;
operate on the validity of the election? Congress, j
when it admitted the State of Minnesota under j
the constitution sent here, has recognized the va- i
lidity of the acts of that convention. That con- ,
stitu'tion provided for three members to represent
the State on this floor. But Congress only recog-
nized the constitution sub modo, subject to condi-
tions and limitations as to its representation here.
Tin- act of Congress admitting Minnesota into the
Union limits it to two members; and the question
is, does this act of admission, cutting down the
representation to two members, nullify absolutely
the election previously held, and held regularly?
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to ask'the gentle-
man fiom Illinois whether lie holds that the act of
admission is retrospective in its operation, and
authorized the people of Minnesota, contrary to
the general act of Congress, to elect two Repre-
sentatives on the I3th of las! October; or whether
the act of admission was only prospective'
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois I suppose, sir,
that
the act of admission operates back to the original
election of delegates to the convention: that it re-
lates back to, confirms, sanctions, and approves,
all the steps that have been taken by the people
of Minnesota, m pursuance of the enabling act, to
prepare themselves for admission into the Union;
and so recognizing, so approving, so indorsing, it
makes good"all their acts, except to the extent to
which They may have been subsequently modified
by the act of admission
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would like
to know whether there is anything in the papers
to alter the legal effect of what is to flow from the
face of the certificate, except the letter of Mr.
Sam Medary indorsing Greeley's Almanac?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There is this much
to alter the effect which may legally flow from the
paper beside the certificate and Greeley's Almanac,
and that is the act by which the State was admit-
ted into the Union. That limits the represesent-
ation of Minnesota on this floor to two members;
and that is a very important limitation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The point
at which my mind enters is, how are we to tell
which two of the three are best entitled to seats ?
I ask, therefore, if there is any< other authority
than that which has been quoted to show which
two I am to take ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
know not what authority would be satisfactory
to the gentleman. I have read the statement that
these gentlemen received the highest vote, and no
other gentleman has presented credentials here.
The paper which has been read this morning, and
which has found its way into the hands of the
Clerk, has never been presented as the credentials
of any member in this House. It ought not to
stand in that light, and ought not so to be con-
sidered. The House is confining itself, and ought
to confine itself, to the question whether these gen-
tlemen whose credentials are presented are prima
facie entitled to be sworn in as members. 1 look
upon the other paper as entirely outside the con-
troversy. The committee have expressed^ no
opinion upon the validity of the election. That
question was not before them. They have merely
decided that these gentlemen have, from the cre-
dentials tliey present to the House, a prima facie
right to be swoin in. Whether any other mem-
ber subsequently claiming his seat has the right
to contest the election, is, it seems to me, a matter
which need not occupv the House for a moment.
That was not a question which was referred to
the committee, and they have not considered it.
Mr. GILMER. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will give way to
the gentleman from North Carolina, who is a
member of the committee.
Mr. GILMER. I will only occupy the time
of the House for a moment, simply to read the
authorities upon which the opinions expressed by
the minority of the committee in their report are
based. Before I procced, however, I wish to ask
the Speaker whether my memory serves me cor-
rectly, that when this paper, which was read this
morning, was presented some time ago in the
House some exception was taken to it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair never heard of
the certificate to which the gentleman from North
Carolina refers until after the meeting of the House
this morning, when his attention was called to it
by the Journal cleik. It has never been before
the House in any way.
Mr. GILMER. I thought I recollected some-
thing of the sort, and I merely wished to know
whether I was correct in my recollection. The
position taken by the minority of the committee is
that this election is utterly void for three reasons:
First, that our Constitution allows States, and |
States only, to elect members of this House; and j
that the Tenritory of Minnesota remained a Ter- j
ritoiy until the passage of the act admitting the |
State into the Union. i
The second point is, that the Constitution of
the United States gives to Congress the power to
require the States to elect by single districts, and ,
Congress having exercised that right, requiring
all elections of members to this House to he by j
districts, this election of the people of the Tern- j
tory of Minnesota is in direct conflict with that
law, a constitutional law, and, therefore., the elec-
tion is entirely void. .
The thiid reason is, that supposing thefirsttwo
points not to be well sustained, and supposing the
act of admission to go back to the 13th of Octo-
ber, when the election was held, the people of
Minnesota had net the rightful power to elect three
members of Congress, and this House make such
an election valid as to two. 1 will now read the
: authorities upon which the minority of the com-
mittee have based their opinions.
I read, in the first place, from 10th Howard,
page 77. It is very short:
" The elation i- signed the 20t)i of November. I■'i <■
'•The ca^'j ha-* bi'fii cuiinutted b\ oouiim'I on wutten ai-
rmen's under ilsc !<>. ueth and iiftv-Mxih rules of tin* couit.
" '• The fir-t que«!ioh pie-ented is whether or not this
couit luri-djeuoii to review tlie judgment below.
kk Tho Tointory oi Wi^con^in was admitted into the
Union as a State, on the 29ih of May, 184c. (9 3tat. at
Large, 233.)
" An act had been previously passed, on the Qd of March,
1847, assenting to the admission on certain terms and con-
ditions to be first complied with; and providing that upofi-a
compliance with them, and on the proclamation of the Pres-
ident announcing the fact, the admission should be consid-
ered complete. The admission did not take place under tftis
act, and no proclamation was issued by the President in
pursuance of it. - "
" The people of the Territory again assembled, by a .con-
vention of delegates, and formed their constitution, on the
Jst of February, 1848, as is recited m the preamble of the
act of Congress, passed 29th May, 1848, by the first section*
ofwhurti the State is declared to be admitted into the Ujnon
on an equal footing witty the original States. The date of
the admission, therefore, is the 29th of May, 1848.
" The writ of error having been issued on the 20th of No-
vember, 1847, was, therefore, regularly issued during the
existence of the territorial government, and the case was
pending in this court at the time when that government
ceased, and with it the jurisdiction and power of the ter-
ritorial courts. (Benner v. Porter, 9 Howard, 235.}"
I present that, Mr. Speakerr--as authority ex-
press, that there is no State in the Union, in the
opinion of the Supreme Court, until the act passed
admitting her into the Union. 1 know that there
are precedents to the contrary; but in a Congress
like this, where there is a decided majority in
favor of one of the political parties, there isno ne-
cessity for resorting: to any such shift; and 1 hope,
in this case, the question will be decided in con-
formity to the law of the couotry.
In respect to the other point, that the elections
must be by districts, I admit that there are prece-
dents overruling1 it. But, sir, the power of Con-
gress to require that these elections shall be by
districts is settled by constitutional law; and that
there may be no difficulty, I will read the clause
from the Constitution of the United States;-
" Sec. 4. The tunc*, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senatois and Representative* shall ho presenbed
in each St.it" bv the thereof, but the Congress
may at any time, hv law, make or alter vurii legnlauons,
except as to the place* of choo-mg Senators.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made a
statement the other (lay that the party cleeted
from Minnesota, who has not applied for admis-
sion, was the party who had received the highest
number of votes. My colleague has read a state-
ment of -votes, from the Tribune Almanac, by
which he makes it appear that Messrs. Phelps
and Cavanaugh received the highest number of
votes. 1 read from another Tribune, winch gives
the precise vote, and shows Becker to have re-
ceived twenty thousand five hundred and eighty-
six votes, Phelps twenty thousand four hundred
and ninety, and Cavanaugh twenty thousand one
hundred and ninety-one. That is the actual vote;
but, by throwing out certain counties, Mr. Beck-
er's vote was made to appear the smallest, and
the canvassers returned the other two as having
the highest number of votes.
Mr. GILMER. Upon the point that the vote
is void as to the issue, for the reason before inti-
mated, that three were elected, when, in ho pos-
sible view, can it be insisted that they were au-
thorized to elect more than two, I refer to the
authority of this House. I read from the seventh
volume of the Congressional Globe and Appen-
dix, third session ofthe Twenty-Fifi-h Congress,
1838-39, page 135. The House proceeded to elect
two members of a committee; some ballots were
thrown in for three; and the question arose
whether those ballots should be counted at all. I
will read what appears in the Globe:
" The lIoii=;elh'*rcupon proceeded to ballot for two mem-1
bei^. to llll the leniammg vacancies on the committee.
'• Mr. Garland icporfed the result; which was, that the
total number of votes cast had beeu 201; necessary to a
choice 101; of winch
Mi. Fostei had received   
Mr. Ovens 
P,f r. II amor 
Mi. Thomas   
and manv othoi members smaller numbeis.
u lie ai-^o .Mated that on one ballot there had been thtec
names. As the tellers had no means o',^eertaimng winch
two of the thiee to count, they had considered the ballot as
^ " The Cha.tr nnoted tlie rule m relation to blank ballots,
and pronounced their decision to be, in the opinion of the
Chair, correct. r_ , „
^ No objection was* made to it m the House.
"The Speaker thereupon declared Mr Fost<r,of Jew
Voik, and Mr. Owens, oi Georgia, to be duly clccted.
I hold in my hand Glanvilie's Reports of cases
adjudged by Parliament, and in it 1 find a case
where two members were elected to lailiament
while the law authorized the election of only one;
and the election was hold void, aft initio, and Par-
liament dccided that neither party was entitled to
his seat. I will read only one paragraph:
« Thirdly. If the return be absolutely and irreconcilably
.103
90
8-1
