1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
power was also brought to bear upon the public
press of the free States, which, with a unanimity
never before witnessed, without regard to party
affiliations, had united in echoing the voice of pop-
ular indignation at the bare attempt to commit this
great wrong. The result affords cumulative evi-
dence of the truth of that great fact which stands
out so boldly upon the page of history, that the
patronage of Government is not only corrupting
m its influences, but, when wielded by a corrupt
Executive, leads, through venal subserviency, to
despotism. Notwithstanding this unanimity in
opposition to the perpetration of this outrage, but
a few months had elapsed when the humiliating
spectacle was presented to the nation of a cor-
rupted press bowing in lowly submission to the
fresh requirements imposed upon it by its acqui-
escence in that act which it had before designated
as a great and wicked wrong. Sir, it was a great
and wicked wrong; and the subsequent acquies-
cence of a portion of those who opposed it in its
inception cannot make it right. Besides its vio-
lation of good faith in throwing down that bar-
rier which our fathers erected against the ingress
of slavery north of the Missouri compromise line,
you opened wide the door for those scenes of civil
strife, violence, and crime, which have been wit-
nessed, and which are the inevitable and legitimate
result of the contact of two antagonistic forces
whi;h can never exist together peaceably upon
the same soil, but which must, in the very nature
of things, be ever arrayed in deadly hostility to
each other.
Free labor and slave labor are natural enemies.
The one is honorable and ennobling; the other
dishonorable and degrading. Free, honest, intel-
ligent labor expands and strengthens all the fac-
ultiesof the mind; slave labor contracts, weakens,
and finally destroys them; crashing out human-
ity, obliterating the image of God stamped upon
every human soul, and transforming the man into
a beast of burden. Through the operation of the
inexorable laws which control cause and effect,
the punishment of all crimes against humanity
follows close upon theircommission. Slavery de-
grades not the slave only, but all with whom it
comes in contact. Jefferson, on page 39 of his
Notes on Virginia, says:
" There must doubtless be an unhappy influence on the
manucis ot our people, produced by the existence of sla-
ver/ anion" us. The whole romrneice between xn.istci and
slave is a perpetual exercise of the most boisterous passion-?;
the most unremitting despotism on the one part, and degtad-
ing submission on the other. Our children see tins, and
learn to imitate it, for man is an imitative animal. Tins
quality is the genu of all education in him. Fiom his cia-
dle to'his grave, he is learning to do what he sees others
do." * * * + " The parent storms 5 the child
looks on, catches the lineament* of wrath, puts on the same
airs in the circle of smaller slaves, gives a loose lem to the
worst of passions, and thus nursed,educated, and da ly e\>
eiCHod in tyranny, cannot but be ^tamped by it with odious
peeuhanties. The man must be a prodigy who can re-
tain his morals and manners ur.depiavcd by such eneum-
stances."
If, by any possibility, free and slave labor
could be brought to work in harmony with each
other, it would be impossible for the former, by
any influence it could exert, to elevate or ennoble
the latter; for, while it is in entire, complete sub-
jection to the will of the master, it can not rise above
'it, but must remain forever degraded: and the lesult
would be the gradual demoralization of the free la-
borer, until he should reach the level of the slave.
In opening Kansas to slavery you invited the con-
test between these two opposing elements, which
has been carried on in that devoted Territory for
the past three years; a contest in which has flowed
the blood of American citizens m deadly conflict
with one another, presenting to the world the as-
tonishing spectacle of the Government of a free
nation arrayed on the side of oppression, outrage,
and crime, against its own people, whose only
offense was an open, bold, and manly resistance
to tyranny, and a struggle to defend those civil
and political rights for wluch our fathers con-
tended. Under the Kansas-Nebraska act you
established a government for Kansas, which pro-
fessed to leave the people of that Territory per-
fectly free to form their institutions in their own
way. It was contended by many of those in the
free States, who subsequently acquiesced in the
passage of that act, that under it the people of the
Territory, so soon as a territorial government
should be organized, could decide for themselves
the question of slavery. This was the northern
construction, but denied by the South, they con-
tending that the people of the Territory could not
prohibit slavery therein until such time as the
number of its inhabitants should be sufficiently
large to warrant them in framing a constitution,
and in applying for admission into the Union.
The convention of the Democratic party, for the
nomination of a President, at Cincinnati, in 1856,
again submitted to southern dictation, by virtu-
ally adopting this construction, although it was
contended by many of that party, during the late
presidential campaign, in the North, that they had
done no such thing, and that the resolutions of
the convention would bear no such construction.
But there is now no longer any doubt upon this
point, since the majority of the Supreme Court
of the United States, for the purpose, undoubted-
ly , of relieving that party of a portion of the odium
of such a position, has announced outside of the
record of the case before them, the infamous doc-
trine that the Federal Constitution, which our
fathers framed, and from which the slightest rec-
ognition ofslavery was excluded, because, as Mr.
Madison said: "it was wrong to admit into it
the idea that there can be property in man," car-
ries slavery into the Territory. Mr. Buchanan
also, in his last annual message, fully indorses
this odious doctrine, which, if carried out, would
establish slavery in every State over which the
Constitution extends. It will not be forgotten
that this declaration of principle by the Supreme
Court, was not made until after the adoption of the
same principle by the Cincinnati convention, and
it can only ue regarded as an indorsement of the
position of a political party. With all the advant-
ages thus awarded to the slavery propagandists,
by the concessions of the Democratic party, they
were still fearful of their inability to establish
their darling institution on the soil of Kansas.
They therefore resorted to brute force, the fun-
damental principle of all slavery for aid in accom-
plishing their diabolical design. At the first elec-
tion held in that Territory under the new system
of territorial %* popular sovereignty," for a Dele-
gate to Congress, on the 19th of November, 3854,
organized parlies of armed men from bcyund the
limits of the Territory, took possession of the
polls, and of 2,671 votes cast, it was estimated by
the investigating committee of Congress, that
1,729 were illegal. On the 30th March, 1855, in
pursuance of an order from Governor Reeder, an
election was held for a Territorial Legislature.
Again the Territory was invaded by large bodies
of armed men fiom Missouri, which took forcible
possession of the polls and elected a Legislature.
Out of 2,905 voters named on the ceusus roll, but
831 were found on the poll-books of the election,
and of 1,310 legal votes, 791 were given for the
free-State candidates, while hundreds of free-State
voters were either driven from the polls by vio-
lence, or were prevented, by intimidation, from
voting, by these same armed bands of intruders,
by whom were polled more than 4,000 illegal
votes. But four days were allowed n which pro-
tests against these returns could be filed, and con-
sequently but few weie made.
In the six districts in which protests were made
now elections were ordered; and at these elections
the free-State candidates were elected in eveiy
district except Leavenworth, which was again
carried by a mob from Missouri. The free-State
members thus elected were refused their seats,
winch were given to those originally returned.
The Legislature, thus constituted by an invading
army, sought to perpetuate its usurped power by
the election of its own tools to the various county
offices. Among the infamous acts passed by this 1
body of men was one making it felony, punish- '
able with imprisonment fiom two to five yeaiw,
to circulate anti-slavery publications, or to deny j
the right to hold slaves in the Territory; an act
conferring the right to vote upon all persons who
should pay a poll-tax of one dollar, whether res-
idents or not; and also an act requiring all voters ;
and officers to take an oath to support the fugitive '
slave law and the acts of the usurping Legislature.
Against these proceedings the people of the Ter-
ritory earnestly protested, through delegates as-
sembled in convention; but they protested in vain.
They appealed to the Federal Government; but
that Government was already enlisted on the side
of their oppressors. On the 1st of October, 1855,
the third election was held, the Territory again
invaded, and Whitfield returned elected Delegate
by two thousand eight hundred votes,
As the free-State men were disfranchised by the
imposition of a test oath, as a condition precedent
to their right to vote, and because they could not,
in the exercise of the elective franchise, under the
tyrannical acts of the usurping Legislature, obtain
otherwise a full and free expression of the pop-
ufarwill; and because, under the organic act,
they believed the people were to be left free to
establish and regulate their own institutions in
their own way, an election was held on the 9th
of October, in pursuance of a resolution adopted
by a convention of the people, held on the 5th
day of September previous, for the election of a
Delegate to Congress, and, also for delegates to a
convention to frame a constitution. At that elec-
tion, twenty-four hundred votes were polled, and
they were the votes of actual, bona Jide residents
of the Territory. The people's convention for
the formation of a constitution met on the 23d
day of October, and framed a constitution which
prohibited slavery, and which was submitted to
a vote of the people at an election held on the 15th
of December. At that election, exclusive of the
vote of Leavenworth, where the election was
broken up by a mob of pro-slavery men, there
were returned one thousand seven hundred and
forty-one votes for the constitution, and against
it, forty-six. A State government was subse-
quently organized under that constitution, which
was presented totCongress, and ratified by the
House. Notwithstanding the people of Kan-
sas were to be left " perfectly free to form their
institutions in their own way," on the 11th of
February, President Pierce issued his proclama-
tion denouncing the State government thus estab-
lished by the legal voters of the Territory.
After this denunciation by the President, a re-
giment of men under Colonel Buford, enlisted in
Alabama and other slaveholding States, arrived
in the Territory with the avowed purpose of driv-
ing out the free-State men. These men were sub-
sequently enrolled into the territorial militia by
Governor Shannon, in order to give a color of le-
gality to the atrocities which they intended to com-
mit and which they subsequently committed. In
May, Lawrence was attacked by a large force of
ruffians; printing-presses were destroyed; build-
ings burned; stores and dwellings searched and
plundered. Marauding parties scoured the Ter-
ritory, destroying the property of free-State men,
and committing every crime known among men.
Free-State men were arrested under the slightest
pretense, and without process of law. A corrupt
and infamous judiciary was ever ready to lend its
aid to this huge oppression. Bail was refused
when offered. The great writ of right, never re-
fused to the meanest subject of the British throne,
was domed to those who were restrained of their
liberty without even the forms of bogus law; while
Kayncs,thc murdererofBuffum,a free-State man,
under indictment for the crime, was admitted to
bail by the infamous Lecompte, and set at liber-
ty; and, when again arrested, the same partisan
judge discharged him on habeas corpus. The bat-
tles of Pottawatomie, of Black Jack, of Franklin,
and Ossawafomie, attest to the world the desper-
ate extremity to which the free-State men were
driven in defense of their lives, their property,
and their rights as American citizens.
In October, 1857, the Council elected in March,
1855, for two years, having continued to hold over
m violation of the organic law, an election wn«
ordered for a new Legislature and for a Dele-
gate to Congress. The majority of the people
up to this time, had refused'to acknowledge the
legality of the usurping Legislature, which had
endeavored to perpetuate ks power by appoint-
ing all the local officers of the Territory; and by
test oaths, the imposition of taxes, and other ty-
rannical means, sought to disfranchise the ftiends
of freedom. But Governor Walker, in his speech
at Topeka, having assured them that they should
be protected in their right to vote, " not underthe
act of the Territorial Legislature, but under the
laws of Congress," they went to the polls and
voted. The result of that election is known to
the whole country. The free-State men elected
their delegates to Congress and the Legislature.
But the miserable faction of usurpers who had
thus for wielded the government, true to the prin-
ciples which had governed them from the begin-
ning, sought to continue their power by the most
glanng frauds in the election returns from Kick-
apoo, Oxford, and McGee. Oxford, a small vil-
