262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Walbridge.
Ho. or Reps.
Ports ofthe U. States,
Northern ports 
Southern ports 
Mobile  
Charleston 
Baltimore...........
Boston  
Savannah  
Philadelphia 
Port. ;
Rank of port.
WOIO — rfx rfkOO
Xiooo^"cos<cscji'oi"tfc. ^ooe
Ci_00_p f— CO CO Ot 00 CO CO CO^p
ejnrjcofflocouo
lOGOCOl—tOffi-^GOOl wou
Exports.
(Table 7, p.
324.)
-4 00 ts o> to ►- <0 ' ' 1
Rank of port.
•— hU I-4 tSf® ~ O?
j-J kfa. © toWffio
coco^"btfor©-4cn bo
jojsjo o — OJ^CO ©j— to -J <5
i£^^©'to^jv«ovco*co "cobi
o>Moccou = oai UOi^
Imports.
(Table 9, p.
486.)
*0 oi> co m cn m *© i • •
Rank of port.
^4a.tOO)CO>k.OiGHO O-J
jvJJ-JSG) GO CO Oi Oi 00 SICJO
"^"o'oc'ys "©i-JGO
WOOWffitOOHO otflr-
Tonnage
cleared.
(Table 15,
p. 520.)
o At to Or CS 00 >-• CO ' « '
Rank of port.
W HOlvl
JO JO GO 4^ CO OS to CO to O)
"cCI— bo to oTco
Tonnage
entered.
(Table 16,
p. 524.)
c! oo <0 cn a* co m i i i
Rank of port.
H
p
£
M 1—J H >-< to
.... MWOOoMOCO
>-iJfJLf Cn ^ CO
Cffl Oi
K— .£  >— • J-OJv
Tonnage to
France.
(Table 13, p. 510.)
r Cft CO a> C* 4k. V-. U3 • • '
Rank of port.
267,977
(Table 18. p. 552.)
.71,348
163.799
4,567
4.418
1,402
7,360
2,147
2,098
Tonnage from
France.
(Table 13, p. 510.)
« OOA.CftC^ II"
Rank of poit.
127.378
40.642
86/736
(Table 17, p. 525.)
50.955
37.198
1,277
20.830
2.677
2.663
6,181
781
Tonnage to
Spain.
(Table 13. p. 510.)
00 jw CO O en ' v-" to i i '
Rank of port.
94,241
(Table 18. p. 552.)
27.501
28,100
3.560
1,711
19,536
7,440
1,061
533
Tonnage from
Spam.
(Table 13, p. 510.)
s
<5.
i5
•3,
g
3"
3.
3
8
S,
Northern products exported, (No. 2, p. 52)....$101.056,104
Southern products exported, (No. 2, p. 52).... 177,850,609
Total exports to France, (p. 50)  31,737,258
Cotton, tobacco, and rice, to France, (No. 3,
p. 56)  23,825,600
Total exports to Spain, (No. 1, p. 50)  10,678,004
Cotton, tobacco, and rice, to Spam, (No. 3, p.
56) 7,942.382
Total exports to Cuba, (No. 1, p. 50)  9,379,582
RESULTS.
Ratio of exports from southern ports to those from northern
ports 16 to 11=1£
Ratio of southern products to northern
products expoited 17 to 10=1 7-10ths
Ratio of southern impoits to northern
imports exported   4to31=£
Ratio of southern exports to France lo
northern exports to Fiance.    23 to 8—3
Ratio of southern exports to Spain to
northern expoits to Spain 79 to 27=3
Ratio of exports from New Orleans to
exports from New York.   95 to 74=1£
Ratio of exports from New Orleans to
exports from all ports  91 to 278=3-lOths
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. D. S. WALBRIDGE,
of michigan,
In the House of Representatives,
March 30, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. WALBRIDGE said:
Mr. Chairman: It is not ray purpose, on this
occasion, to enter into a discussion of the Kansas
question generally. So much has been said upon
the admission of fctnsas as a State under the Le-
compton constitution, and so varied have been
the views expressed in relation to it, according to
the several standpoints from which observations
have been taken, that I cannot hope to interest or
enlighten either this committee or the country by
anything I may say; and it seems to me, sir, that
the discussion of this subject, important as all
concede it to be, must already pall upon the public
mind, surfeited as it is with the highly seasoned
intellectual food which has emanated from this
Capitol during the present session.
There are, however, some incidental questions
connected with the subject which, it seems to me,
have not received the attention they deserve; and
while on one side we arraign the border ruffians,
and on the other the rebellious Abolitionists of
Kansas, it may well become us to see to it that
our own duty is discharged to Kansas and the
country. Things have transpired here, sir, in
this very Hall, and under our own observation,
which, in my judgment, are quite as reprehensi-
ble as anything which has been done in Kansas,
either by border ruffians or anybody else; and it
is to these things that I propose, for a few mo-
ments, to call the attention of the committee. I
refer to the action taken by this House on the
message of the President on Kansas affairs, the
organization and action of the special committee
of fifteen ordered by the House, and to which
that message was referred. And I desire to say
here that, in whatever I may say in relation to
the action of the House, its presiding officer, or
the committee, I impugn the motives of no man.
I must of necessity speak, and 1 propose to speak
plainly, of the course of gentlemen in this connec-
tion; but it is not to my taste, nor in the line of
my duty to talk of motives of action. I have
nothing to do with motives, but it is acts, official
acts, I propose to consider, and which, in my
judgment, strike directly at the prerogatives and
privileges of this House; and while blunders are
often productive of worse consequences than ac-
tual crime, they are sometimes more excusable.
For a proper understanding of this subject,
(although I doubt not that every member of this
Housei s familiar with its history) it may be prop-
er for me, on this occasion, to allude briefly to the
action of the House upon the organization of the
committee, and to the purposes for which the com-
mittee was raised.
It will be recollected, Mr. Chairman, that on
the 2d day of February last, the President of
the United States transmitted a message to this
House. I do not propose now to discuss that
message. I will only say that, in my judgment,
it contains more misrepresentations of fact, and
withholds more knowledge which ought to be in
the possession of the President, and which ought
to have been communicated to this House, and is,
on the whole, a greater perversion of argument
and facts than any othereXecutivedocumentever
communicated from the head of this nation to
either House of Congress. The message in ques-
tion recommends the admission of Kansas into the
Union under a constitution framed for it at Le-
compton. On the reading of that message in the
House, the honorable gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on Territories. It is well known that that
is the legitimate reference of all such papers; that
the subject belonged properly to that committee
unless some good reasons were shown why a dif-
ferent course should be taken with it. But the
House had evidently come to the conclusion, pre-
viously, to take some other course, and the gen-
tleman fromlndiana [Mr. Httghes] was fortunate
enough to get the floor, although many other
members sought it at the time; and thereupon he
moved that the message be referred to a select
committee of thirteen. I quote his resolution:
" Resolved, That the message of the President be referred
to a select committee of thirteen, to report on the propnety
and expediency of the admission of Kansas as a State into
the Union."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the committee and country to the word-
ing of these propositions. The proposition of the
gentleman from Georgia was simply a reference
of*the message to the Committee on Territories.
The proposition of the gentleman from Indiana
was a reference to a select committee, which was
to report on the expediency of the admission of
Kansas into the Union as a State.
Although the gentleman fromlndiana had been
so fortunate as to attract the attention of the Chair,
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] sought
the floor at the same time, and subsequently asked
the gentleman from Indiana to allow him to sub-
mit another resolution. The latter gentleman did
not yield, but thereupon made a speech of an
hour; after which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Grow] obtained the floor, and permit-
ted the gentleman from Illinois to offer the follow-
ing proposition:
" Resolved, That the message of the President concerning
the constitution framed at Lecompton, in the Territory of
Kansas, by a convention of delegates thereof, and the pa-
pers accompanying the same, be referred to a select com-
mittee of thirteen to be appointed by the Speaker.
" That said committee be instructed to inquire into all the
facts connected with the formation of said constitution, and
the laws, if any, under which the same was originated, and
whether such laws have been complied with and followed.
" Whether said constitution provides for a republican form
of government, and whether there are included within the
proposed boundaries of Kansas sufficient population to be
entitled to a Representative in the House upon the basis now
fixed by law, and whether said constitution is acceptable and
satisfactoiy to a majority of the legal voters of Kansas.
" Also, the number of votes cast, if any, and when, in
favor of a convention to form a constitution as aforesaid,
and the places where they were cast, and the number cast
at each place of voting and in each county m the Territory.
"The apportionment of delegates to said convention
among the different counties and election districts of said
Terntory, and the census or registration under which the
same was made, and whether the same was made in com-
pliance with law.
"The names of the delegates to said convention, and the
number of votes cast for each candidate for delegate, and
the places where cast; and whether said constitution re-
ceived the votes of a majority o£the delegates to said con-
vention.
" The number of votes cast in said Territory on the 21st
December last for and against said constitution, and for and
against any parts or featuies thereof, and the number so
cast at each place for voting m said Territory.
"The number of votes cast m said Territory on the 4th
day of January last for and against said constitution, and
for and against any parts or features thereof, and the num-
ber so cast at each place of voting in said Teintory.
" The number of votes cast in said Territory on the day
last named for any State and legislative officers thereof, and
the number so cast for each candidate for such offices, and
the places where cast.
" That said committee also ascertain, as nearly as possi-
ble, what portion, if any, of the votes so cast at any of the
times and places afoiesaid, weic fraudulent or illegal.
" Whether any portion, and, if so, what portion of the peo-
ple of Kansas are in opeu rebellion against the laws of the
country.
" And that said committee have power to send for per-
sons and papers."
Whereupon the House adjourned.
On the 5th day of February the subject again
came up for consideration. You, Mr. Chairman,
will be slow to forget the scenes of that day's ses-
sion. The gentleman from Indiana had moved
to strike out from his proposition everything but
the simple one of reference, so that it read as fol-
lows:
" That the message of the President be referred to a select
committee of thirteen."
The gentleman from Illinois had modified his
proposition as follows:
" That the message of the President concerning the con-,
stitution formed at Lecompton, in the Terntory of Kansas,
by a convention of delegates theieof, and the papers ac-
companying the same, be refeired to a select committee of
fifteen, to be appointed by the Speaker; that said commit-
tee be instructed to inquire into all the facts connected with
the formation of said constitution and the laws under which
the same was originated, and into all such facts and proceed-
ings as have transpired since the formation of said consti-
tution, having relation to the question of the propriety of
the admission of said Terntory into the Union under said
constitution, and whether the same is acceptable and satis-
factory to a majority of the legal voters of Kansas, and that
said committee have power to send for persons and pa-
pers."
Here, then, were three propositions distinctly
before the House; one to refer to the Committee
