204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
tions is, that we ought now to increase the reve-
nue of the country in order to be prepared to
meet this demand on the Treasury which we are
creating in the form of Treasury notes. This
depends on another question; and that is whether
there is any probability 'hat the revenue of the
country, according to law, will furnish the means
at the appointed time of paying these debts ? It
seems to me entirely too sanguine to suppose that
the present revenue laws will produce an adequate
amount. I see that the Secretary of the Treasury
has furnished us with such information as induces
the belief that he supposes the loss on this year's
revenue will be at least $30,000,000, That is the
opinion of a very distinguished financial gentle-
man to whom he has applied for information. In
other words, he computes that the loss, during
the present year, will be one half the ordinary
amount of revenue, (which is about sixty or sev-
enty million dollars,) making the loss, according
to his estimate, at least $.30,000,000. We have is-
sued $20,000,000 of Treasury notes. If this fact
be assumed, it is a demonstration at once that
nothing wilLbe furnished to pay these $20,000,000;
indeed, that these §30,000,000 will not suffice to
pay the expenses of the year, and that we shall be
called on in the end either for a loan or for another
issue of Treasury notes to defray the expenses of
the Government. Instead of accumulating any-
thing beyond current expenses, we shall be fall-
ing shoit in our revenue ot current expenses,
and a balance will be against us in addition to the
$20,000,000.
Under these circumstances, I cannot suppose
that thore can be any controversy as to the ne-
cessity of our providing the means of payment.
The revenue ought to be increased. We congrat-
ulate ourselves that, though it has been necessary
to issue Treasury notes—a course of supply gen-
erally unacceptable to thccountry and to Congress
—yet at this time it may not be without its advant-
ages in forming a currency and aiding the country
out of its present financial difficulties—not the
Government merely, but thccountry—and adding
so much to its general currency. That I confess
has reconciled me much to the measure.
Now, sir, if itbe necessary, having created this
debt to provide an additional revenue for its pay-
ment, how is that to be done? It is by increas-
ing the duties on imports. That is our mode of
supply; our mode of taxation. Nobody proposes
direct taxation. We must do it by a lax on for-
eign commerce. IIow? By what sort of duties
is it to be done ? My proposition is a general one
that it must be done by an increase of dunes on
foreign commerce; ami how are those duties to
be imposed? I should fain hope upon such arti-
cles as. while they furnish the necessary reve-
nue, wdl revive to some extent the industry of
the country and aid our manufacturers in resum-
ing that business which is fast falling into ruin
in every part of the land. If we were to increase
by only five per cent, the duties on cotton and
woolen goods, this small addition to our revenue
would ho sufficient, I apprehend, to afford all the
protection which is necessary, i do not wish
gentlemen to understand that I am now advocat-
ing a system of protection. I believe it is neces-
sary to laise the revenue, and I only ask that that
lovenue may bo raised by such a distribution of
duties on impoiied articles as to give a fair and
reasonable incidental protection to the labor of
our own country.
Surely, sir, the labor of the country never more
required encouragement than it docs now. We
hear of the failure of princely and wealthy mer-
chants and manufacturers throughout the coun-
try. They deserve our sympathy; but there is
anothei clat s far more numci ous and far more im-
portant to the general welfare of the country, who
are suffering more, but whose sufferings are unseen
and unheaul to a great extent by us. They are
that great class of laborers who have been turned
out of employment for the want of ability on the
part of their fonrnr employers longer to engage
their services. I had a casual conversation with
a gentleman in Philadelphia, as I passed through
that city in coming to this place, who toid me of
a painful scene through which he had just passed,
lie said he found himself unable to carry on his
iron works in Pennsylvania, and had just re-
turned from discharging all his workmen. I asked
him how many he had discharged. He replied
seventeen hundred'—he paid them the last cent
which he owed them and discharged them. They
clung around him begging him to retain them in
service, saying that they would credit him for
their wages if he could pay only enough for them
to live on. He told them, " I cannot continue to
employ you without ruining myself and without
deceiving you; I cannot continue this work and
give you any employment or pay you anything;
it is better for both that we part; I close my
works and will pay you off every cent I owe
you." When he went to Philadelphia, he said
he sent them sixty barrels of flour for a present
subsistence.
Sir, this is but one instance of the thousands
that are occurring throughout the North. Thou-
sands upon thousands have been and are being
discharged from their only means of subsistence
—that labor which constitutes at last the wealth
of the country, and is the great produces. We
arc anxious and endeavoring to improve the cur-
rency of the country; but, sir, the labor of the
country is of infinitely more importance, of vastly
mora consequence. This demand presents itself
to us in a living form; a form that calls on us not
merely to study some system of policy; but re-
quires our sympathies and regards as men. We
want the revenue,which, ifrightiyand judiciously
levied, will furnish these men employment, pei-
haps, and settle them again to their labor, [s it
not the interest of the country to do this? I per-
ceive that, in Rhode Island, there has been a dis-
continuance of manufactures to a great extent,
accompanied by the discharge of multitudes of
workmen; and I have seen a clear, demonstrative
estimate of the actual loss of the productive labor
which has been discharged there, and now goes
starving and unemployed. It is said that this re-
duction of labor diminishes the product at the rate
1 of #278,000 per week. This is a consideration
! which, it seems to me, demands our attention,
i I beg gentlemen not to believe that 1 am stand-
! ing here for the purpose of advocating protection
! in the ancient form, in which it was the subject
! of so much controversy here. I know that would
j be in vain. The doctrine of a high tariff with
j specific duties is abandoned. 1 intend to revive
no controversy about it. The question now pre-
sents itself whether we will study to afford an
incidental protection, growing out of the revenue
which we actually require to be collected for the
use of the Government. By the last tariff act, the
duties on cottons and woolens were reduced, I be-
lieve, to nineteen per cent.
Mr. SIMMONS. Cottons to nineteen and
woolens to twenty-four percent.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The duty on iron was
also largely leduced. But, sir, I will not enter
into particulars here on this subject. I make
those remarks as general as the resolution itself.
It will be time enough to go into details when the
principle shall have been adopted.
So much for the first resolution. The second
proposes that we shall exchange the present mode
of valuation by the foreign market price of the
article, tor a home valuation of the imported arti-
cle. On this question experience is our best guide.
1 have not yet had time to read the report of the
present Secretary of the Treasury, but I know
that Mr. Guthrie, and that Mr. Guthrie's prede-
cessor, and that the predecessor of that prede-
cessor, have all admonished Congress of the great
frauds that were practiced on the revenue by this
foreign valuation, and Congress have been ap-
pealed to to provide a remedy against it. I do not
believe that any adequate or efficient remedy can
be provided. As long as the system of foreign
valuation is continued, and made the criterion of
the amount of duties to be paid, there will be
frauds. If there liad been any remedy it could
have been devised by regulations which the De-
partments were authorized to make. They have
been able to make none. All the regulations
which they have made, or can make, are in effect
nullified by the custom-house perjury that is used
for the purpose of evasion. The foreign market
is appealed to; the oath of the importer is ap-
pealed to, and you have no test at hand by which
it can be controverted. A home valuation will
protect the commerce of the country. It will give
the honest American merchant a fair competition
with the foreign merchant who avails himself .of
his superior means of evading our revenue laws,
by underrating and undervaluing his goods. I be-
lieve no country has ever had a body of mercan-
tile men more honorable than the American mer-
chants of this country; and their general integrity,
considering; the number of those who have been
employed in the commerce of the country, has
been signal and honorable to their country. But
these honorable men who give the value of their
goods fairly, and pay the proper legal duties, are
placed at great disadvantage with their competi-
tors of a different character, who avail themselves
of the multiplied evasions which the present mode
of valuation affords them.
I hope, sir, that this general proposition will
meet the acceptance of the Senate. I know that
there are, or have been supposed to be, great dif-
ficulties in adopting a system of home valuation
which would preserve equality of duties in all the
different ports and places of collection in the
United States—an equality required by the Con-
stitution. I think we could, without much diffi-
culty, if there were a general disposition to do so,
adopt a system of home valuation which would
come much nearer to equality of duties in all the
ports of the United States than the system of for-
eign valuation, admitting of so much evasion and
so much fraud. These frauds and evasions con-
stitute inequalities between the different ports of
the United States much greater than would arise
out of a system of home valuation fairlyand judi-
ciously made. It does not seem to me to be very
difficult. Though I profess to be practically alto-
gether unacquainted with such subjects, I cannot
conceivc that there can be any great difficulty, if
there be a general disposition to do so, in adopt-
ing &ome system which will not violate this equal-
ity between the different harbors and different por-
tions of the Union. It is sufficient now to say
this, merely to suggest my ideas on the subject.
All file particulars and details which the system
may require will be for consideration hereafter,
when the resolutions shall have been approved.
I do not intend, sir, to detain the Senate on this
subject. I did not come here to make a speech.
I came to suggest these measures for the consider-
ation of the Senate, and to take their sense upon
them. As I said at first, the resolutions arc of a
chaiacter so distinct and so obvious, that if they
are maintainable at all, it requires no argument to
sustain them. I think our revenue requires the
measure; I think the condition of the labor of the
country may be benefited by it, and that labor re-
quires all the encouragement and all the assist-
ance which we can constitutionally anu properly
afiord it, at this time of its great prostration and
great distress. I hope that the resolutions will be
adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to follow the Senator from Kentucky into
the very intcrestmgquestions of inquiry which he
has suggested. The subject to which his reso-
lutions mainly refer—that of altering the existing
tariil—is one upon which original legislation can
only be.had in the House of licpicsentatives. In
regard to the other matters—the causes of the pres-
ent distress, the true means of remedying them, if
any can be suggested, or the true species of legis-
lation which Congress shall apply to them—it will
be time enough to speak of them when the opin-
ion of Congress begins to develop itself in some
practical form. For that reason, sir, (declining
to follow him in regard to these various matters
which he has suggested with reference to a sys-
tem of home valuation, which connects itself inti-
mately with the subject of the tariff, until the time
when it shall come up, should it come up at all,) I
shall content myself simply with moving for the
present to lay the resolutions upon the table. If
any Senator should desire to speak to them or to
call them up, he can do so on a simple motion. A
majority can call them up at any time. I now
move to lay them on the table.
Mr. PITCH. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, I should like to move amend-
ments to the resolutions before the question on his
motion is taken, with no view to embarrass or
defeat the passage of the resolutions offered by
the Senator from Kentucky, but for the purpose
of placing before the Senate my own views in
relation to another manner of raising a revenue.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BELL. I should like to ask the honorable
Senator from Virginia if he holds that it would be
incompetent for the Senate to initiate any measure
for preventing the frauds alleged to have been
practiced un-der our present-system of valuation,
