1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
lage in the county of Johnson, returned over six-
teen hundred votes for the pro-slavery candidates
—more than were castatany other voting precinct
in the Territory. Governor Walker and Secre-
tary Stanton visited this place soon after, and in
a proclamation dated October 19,1857, they say:
"Accordingly, we went to the prccinct of Oxford, (which
is a village with six houses, including stores, and without
a tavei n,) and ascertained fiom the citizens of that vicinity,
and especially those of the handsome adjacent village of
New Sunta Fe, in Missouri, (separated only by a street, and
containing about twenty houses,) that altogether not more
than one tenth the number of persons represented to have
voted wetc present on the two days of the election, much
the smaller number, not exceeding thirty or forty, being
present on the la^t day, when more than fifteen hundred
votes are represented as having been given. The people of
Oxfoid, as well as those of theneighboiing village of Santa
Fe, were astounded at the magnitude of the returns ; and
all persons, of all parties, in both places, treated the whole
affair with deusion or indignation, not having heaid the
alleged lesnit until several days alter it had occurred."
These villainous returns were unhesitatingly
rejected by Governor Walker; but notwithstand-
ing this, fraudulent as they were, spurious as
they had been found, they weie subsequently
used by the constitutional convention as a basis
for the apportionment of members of a State Le-
gislature, and Governor Walker was bitterly de-
nounced by the pro-slavery faction in the Terri-
tory and by the Democratic party at the South
for daring to do that which his oath of office, his
conscience, his self-respect, and his patriotism,
demanded of him; for doing that which, had he
left undone, would have consigned lus name to
infamy, and the Territory of Kansas to civil war.
In September last, in accordance with an act of
the usurping Legislature, a convention for the
Eurffose of framing a constitution assembled at
.ecompton. The delegates comprising that con-
vention were elected in June previous, by only
about one tenth of the legal voteis of the Terri-
tory. The majority of the people took no part in
the election, a portion of them being disfranchised
by the action of the bogus Legislature, and the
others refusing to participate in an election from
which a large number of their political friends,
whose qualifications were, in every respect, equal
to their own, had been excluded. Had they par-
ticipated, a sufficient number of the free-State men
had already been excluded to render their votes
entirely nugatory. This is a conclusive reason
why the voters of those counties, in which an
opportunity was afforded them to register then-
names and vote, refused so to do. Their silence
was the only protest which their despotic rulers
could not prevent them from making against this
flagrant villainy. Governor Walker, in his letter
of resignation, speaking of the convention of Le-
compton, says:
" That convention had vital, not technical, defects in the
very suhsraneeo! in oiganization nndei the lemtonal law,
which could only be cuied. m my judgment, as t-et loith m
my mauguial and other addie&sos,"by ihe submi^ion ut the
constitution, lor latifieauon oi lojection, to the people. On
reference to the temroual law under which the conven-
tion wa& assembled, thirtv-fom regtnaiiy oigaruzed counties
■were named as election distiict-^ foi delegates to the con
vention. (n each and ail of these counties it was requned
by law that a eeiicUo should be taken and the voteis regis-
tered : and when thus was completed, the delegates to the
convention should be appoitioned accordingly. In nineteen
of these counties there was no census, anil theiefoie men:
could be no such oppoitionnient tlieie of delegates, based j
upon such census. And m fifteen of the?e cointied there |
was no registry of voters. fifteen counhes, including !
many of the oldest organized counties of ihe'feintory, were j
entirely disfranchised, and did not give, and (by no fault of )
their own) could not give, a solitary vote lor delegates to the j
convention. This reault was superinduced bv the fact that ;
theTemtoiial Legtslatuie appointed all the sheriffs and pio- !
bate judges in all these counties, to whom was> assigned the !|
duty, by law, of making this census ond registry. These '
officers were political partisans, dissenting from the views
and opinions of the people of these counties, as proved by
the election in October last. These officers, from want of
funds, as they allege,neglected oi refused to take any census
or make any re^wtry in these counties, and therefore they
were entirely disfranchised, and could not, and did not. give
a single vote at the election of delegates to the constitutional
convention.
" Nor could it be said these counties acquiesced; for,
whenever thev cndeavoied, by a subsequent een.su* or re-
gistry of their own. to supply this defect occasioned by the
previous neglect of the territorial officers, the delegates"thus
chosen were l ejected by the convention. I iep«\u that, in
nineteen counties out of the thiity-fout. theie was no cen-
sus ; in fifteen counties out of the thirty-four, there was no re-
gistiy; and not a solitary vote was given, or could be given,
lor delegates to the convention in any one of tbo*e coun-
ties. Surolv, then, it cannot be said that such a conven-
tion, chosen" by ?carcely mm e than one tenth of the present
voteis of Kanc-a-, repiesented the people of that Temtory,
and could rightfulivmipose a con=-'ituuon upon them with-
out then Consent. * These nineteen counties in wineii there
was no census, constituted a mujuuty oi the counties of the
Territory; and those fifteen counties in which there was no
Registry, gave a much larger vote at the October election,
even with the six months' qualification, than the whole vote
given to the delegates who signed the Leeompton constitu-
tion on the 7th November last."
This is a sufficient answer to those who seek to
find, in the refusal of the free-State men to vote
for delegates to that convention, an argument or
excuse for forcing upon them, against their will,
a constitution which is as vile and base and fraud-
ulent as the convention which brought it forth.
Governor Walker again says, in speaking of the
opposition of the people of Kansas to that instru-
ment, in the letter above quoted:
<CI state it as a fact, based on a long and intimate asso-
ciation with the people of Kansas, that an overwhelming
majority of that people are opposed to that instrument; and
my letters state that but one out of the twenty pres&cb of
Kansas sustains it 55
He further says:
" Some oppose it because so many counties were disfran-
chised, and unrepresented in the convention ; others oppose
it because, although, in other eases, the piesidents of con-
ventions have been authorized to issue writs of election to
the regular territorial or State officers, with the usual judges,
with the established precincts and adjudication of returns,
in this case unprecedented and vice-regal powers aie given
to the piesidont of the convention to make the precincts,
the judges, and to decide finally upon the returns. Piom
the giant of these unusual and enormous powers, and from
other reasons, connected with the fraudulent returns of Ox-
foid and MeGee, an overwhelming majonty of the people
of Kansas have no faith in the validity of these returns, and
therefore will not vote.5'
This was written before the election in Kansas
on the stave-importation clause of the Lecomp-
ton constitution, submitted to a vote of the people
on the 21st day of December, 1857. The result
of that election verified the implied prediction of
Governor Walker, justified the want of faith of
the people of Kansas in the validity of the returns,
and proved the correctness of* the estimate which
an overwhelming majority of the people had
formed of the depravity and villainy of Calhoun,
the president of the convention, and the base tools
whom he had appointed to aid him in his fiendish
designs. The President of the Territorial Coun-
cil, and the Speaker of the House, who were pres-
ent at the counting of the votes, in a statement
over their signatures, say:
" Tn obedience to the pnhte invitation of Mr. Calhoun,
we attended on the day nnd at tiie time specified, and wit-
nessed the opening of >,aid letuins, examined the poll books,
noted the number of vote* for and agam-a tho.sinylo piopo-
mion submitted by the schedule of the constitution, and
find the following to be the result:
Constitution withslaver\   G.H3
Constitution with tioslaveiy  ."<)(J
Majority.
, 1
"More than one-half of thi^muionty was oa*t arthoso
\reiy sparingly settled precincts m the Torntoiv, two of
them m the Shawnee Reserve, on lands not open lor set-
tlement* uz:
Oxford, Johnson county 1
Shawnee   719
Iuekapoo, Leavenworth county, 1,017
Total.
.3.012
" From our own personal knowledge of the cet!!";inMiTs
in and aiound the above plaec"-. we have no hesitation in
saying tnat the gieat bu!'c of the^e vote* won; finudulont;
and. taking into view o:her palpable but le.-s linponant
frauds, we feci -afe in raying, that of the whole \ of - pnilod,
net <ner t>vn thousand weie legal votes polled by citizen*
of the Tetmoiy.
"The great bulk of these votes fraudulent!"
So accustomed were the scoundrels to cheating,
they did it from the pure love of the tiling; did it
when there was no real necessity for it; did it
when they knew the free-State men could notand
would not vote ! Not over two thousand legal
votes out of six thousand seven hundred and
twelve ! And this is popular sovereignty!
The quostion'suhmitted at that election was not
whether Kansas should be a free or a slave State;
neither was it " for the constitution" or" against
the constitution." The people were not permit-
ted to vote against the constitution; but if they
voted at all, they were compelled to vote for its
ratification. They weie not even allowed to vote
for the exclusion or for the prohibition of slavery;
but only for or against the further importation of
slaves into the State. The existence of slavery j
in the State is distinctly recognized in thismstru- ;
menu and its schedule declares
u That no daverv «hallj*isi in the State of Kan?as, ex- \
ccpt that the 'i i*ht of profmty m slaves now ui the Vcrntory
shall in no manner be iatrrfc)<id with.-''
So that, with a refinement of cruelty never he-
fore conceived of, every person, however strongly
and conscientiously he might be opposed to sla-
very, if he voted at all, was forced to vote for the
constitution, and for slavery under it. Sir, call
you this a constitution? Call it rather the Jug-
gernaut of slavery—the infefnal machine of abso-
lutism, invented by devils for the purpose of crush-
ing out the manhood of its victims I True, Mr,
Buchanan, in his annual message to us, saysV
" In the schedule, however, providing for the transition
from a territorial to a State government, the question has
"e<~n fairly an<lG \phcitly referred to the people whether they
will have a constitution ( with or without slavery.'"
" Fairly and explicitly referred! " Did the
President suppose that the people of the United
States were ignorant of the historical facts con-
nected with the submission of this question to the
people of Kansas ? Did he forget that the state-
ments of Governor Walker and Secretary Stan-
ton were in direct contradiction to this ? Or, pre-
suming on the high position which most unfortu-
nately for the country he at present occupies, did
he suppose that he might, with impunity, state
what every man in the country who reads a news-
paper knows to be untrue ? Governor Walker,
in his message to the Secretary of State, before
quoted, gives among other reasons for the oppo-
sition of the people to the constitution, that " the
elective franchise is not free, as they cannot vote
against the constitution, butonly on a single issue,
whether any more slaves may be imported, and
then only upon that issue by voting/or the con-
stitution to which they are opposed." " Fairly
and explicitly referred?" Mr. Buchanan does
not believe it himself! For in the same message
he subsequently says:
" Should the constitution without slavery be adopted by
the votes of the majonty, the rights of property in slaves
now in the Territory are reserved."
Reserved how? Reserved to their masters—
reserved so that the Legislature of the State of
Kansas shall have no power forever to interfere
with the relation between master and slave—shall
have no power to abolish slavery in that State.
Yes, sii, James Buchanan, the President of the
United States, an American citizen, who has had
some reputation as a statesman, says to the coun-
try that, the question of slavery in Kansas has
been fairly and explicitly referred to the people
for their decision; and yet in the same breath he
virtually says: ts Should the constitution without
slavery be adopted, slavery cannot be interfered
with, but will be adopted with the constitution."
Surely, if the rapidity with which destruction
follows madness be in the ratio of the dementa-
tion, Mr. Buchanan's annihilation must be near
at hand. In connection with the passage before
quoted, and m speaking of that provision of the
j Lccompton constitution which piovides " that the
j rights of property in slaves now in the Territory
! are reserved," Mr. Buchanan says further:
i " The number of the^e [slaves] is very small; but if they
' weregicatei the ptovision would be equally just and rea-
I sonablc.
i CkThe slaves were brought into the Territory under the
: Con-tmmon of the United States,and aieriowthe property
I of their madtci.-. This point has at length been finally de-
cided by the highe&t jucin-ial tubunal of the country, and
■ thw upon the plain principle that when a confederacy of
i sovereign States acquire a new terutoiy at their joint ex-
! penoe. both eipuhiv and justtce demand that the citizens of
I one arid all of them shall" have the tight to take in to it what-
j soever is recognized as pioperry by the common consntu-
' tion. Tohave summarily confiscated the property in slaves
! ahcadv in the Terntoiy would have been an act of gioss
: m)ii>ticc, and contiary to the piactiee of the older States
i of the Union which have abolished slavery."
j Under the last definition of popular sover-
1 ei^nfy, given by the Democratic convention at
j Cincinnati, it was generally supposed that if the
; citizens of the Tenitory had no power while under
the territorial government to prohibit slavery
within the Territory, a time would come—that is,
when they should frame a constitution for their
State—when they could exercise such a power.
It was understood that the slaveholder who should
take his slaves into the Territory, would take
them there knowing that a time would come when
the people would decide upon the question; and
that, in such an event, they might decide that sla-
very should not exist in the State, but should for-
ever be prohibited. It was understood that he
took them there subject to that risk—with a fuii
knowledge of the facts. But it now seems that
another downward step is taken; another con-
struction favorable to the " peculiar institution
is placed on the Nebraska-Kansas bill. ThePres-
