1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
at the port whence the goods are exported to this
country. Does he think that conflicts with the
Constitution in any form?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not.
Mr. BELL. I should like to ask the Senator a
fin ther question: whether,as for as he is informed,
any plan is likely to be proposed by the Secretary
of (he Treasury, or whether he himself contem-
plates bringing forward any measure of that na-
ture; assuming it as a fact that the revenues have
been defrauded to a very considerable extent by
that feature in our revenue system. I should
like, for my own personal gratification, to know
•whether he contemplates any such measure at ail
early dav.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator from
Tennessee that I am not aware as to what are the
intentions of the Secretary of the Treasury on
that subject. I certainly contemplate bringing in
no measure to change the present system of ad
valorem valuations. I believe that, in general, it is
the proper system. I do not assume as a fact, as
the Senator from Tennessee does, that it is more
liable to fraud than a system founded on a home
valuation. On the contrary, I think, when the
subject comes to be examined, it will be found
that the latter would lead to more inequality and
injustice than the former, and would be equally
open to fraud. If the Senator from Tennessee can
show any means by which the present system
may be made to act more fairly and justly, and
be made more secure against fraud, I shall be
happy to cooperate with hrai; but as to a general
change, I dilt'er in opinion with him, and with
others. I do not believe that it would tend to sup-
press frauds to make any such change as that
which he seems to prefer.
Mr. PITCH. My amendment is, to add to the
first resolution, " and that all notes of banks of
issue be taxed;" and to insert at the end of the
second resolution, "and experience having de-
monstrated that the present issue of small notes
by banks is injurious to the industrial interests
of the country, a tax on bank notes should dis-
criminate against those of small denominations."
This may by some be regarded as an entirely dis-
tinct subject, and may possibly be considered as
conflicting with that clause of the Constitution
which prohibits the origination in this body of
any revenue measure. That, however, is a matter
for the decision of the Senate.
As I have already remarked, I have not offered j
this proposition with any view to embarrass the '
Senator from Kentucky; for no gentleman here
will go further than i will with him in any proper
act for the prevention of frauds upon the revenue;
but, agreeing with the President, that the finan-
cial embarrassments of the country, from which
we have not yet been extricated, have been pro-
duced mainly by our vicious system of State bank-
ing; I desiie, if it be within the power of this
Government—and to test the question, whether
we have the power—to impose such a tax as shall
discriminate against small notes and drive them
from circulation. I am willing to go so far, even,
as to tax larger notes, to an extent which will pre-
vent their issue almost entirely.
Mr. CLAY. I move to lay the resolutions and
amendments on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SELMA. PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. CLAY. I am instructed by the Committee
on Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 2™,) to detach Selma, in the State of Alabama,
from the collection district of New Orleans, and
make it a port of delivery within the collection dis-
trict of Mobile, to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. Task the indul-
gence of the Senate to consider and pass it at this
time. It is merely to correct a clerical error in a
bill passed at the last session, and is approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Senate, os in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I have
any objection to the passage of this bill, unless it
proposes to make a new port of entry or delivery.
If it is to increase the ports of entry or delivery,
I object to it, and should like to hear some expla-
nation showing us necessity. I think we already
have entirely too many of these ports.
Mr. CLA'Y. I will say to the Senator from
Illinois that this bill does not create any new port
of entry or delivery; but merely detaches a port
of delivery created by an act of the last session
of Congress from the district of New Orleans, to
which it was improperly attached by a clerical
error, and attaches it to the district of'Mobile, to
which it naturally and properly belongs, being I
on the Alabama river, immediately above,Mo- i
bile.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it does not increase the i
ports of entry or delivery, and docs not create j
additional officers, or involve additional expense, ;
I have nothing to say about it.
Mr. CLAY. It docs not.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read a third time, and
passed.
NAVAL COURTS OF INQUIRY.
The motion to reconsider the vote adopting the
resolution submitted by Mr. Slidell on the 92d
of December last, was agreed to; and Mr. Sei-
dell modified the resolution to read as follows;
Rewh-ed, Tnat the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate an abstract of tlieiecords of proceedings
ot the several naval couus of inquiry, organized under the
act of Congress approved January 16. 1837, to amend an act
entitled, " An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy."
Mr. BAYARD. I move to lay the resolution
on the table, in order to enable me to move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will not be laid on
the table.
Mr. SLIDELL. I can probably dispense with
the necessity of any further discussion on this
subject, by stating that the Naval Committee
have now m their possession all these records,
and, therefore, the call is unnecessary. If, how-
ever, it should be necessary hereafter to call on
the President for the purpose of making them
known to the Senate generally, the resolution can
then be taken up either here or m executive ses-
sion.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then let this resolution He
over for the present. I desiie to have this in-
formation, and probably I should prefer to have
the call made in the form of this resolution, though
I had intended to offer one myself. Let the res-
olution he on the table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the resolution will be passed over. The
Chair hears no objection.
The resolution'was accordingly laid on the
table.
Mr. MALLORY, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to "introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. A) to extend the operation of the sec-
ond section of the act approved January 16,1857,
entitled " An act to amend an act entitled ' An
act to promote the pfliciency of the Navy;' "which
was read a first time, and ordered to a second
reading. It extends the operation of the second
section of the act of January 16, 1857, limiting
the restoration of naval officers, in certain cases,
to the 16th of April, 1858.
Mr. MALLORY. One word in explanation
of the resolution. I will call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that, the last amendatory act on
naval reform limits the time of tho restoration of
| officers to one year from the date of the bill then
■ passed, which was the 16th of January last. The
I Naval Committee of dus body, now having these
matters under consideration, cannot possibly dis-
pose of them by that time. They therefore ask
the Senate to extend the time three months, which
will probably be more than sufficient, as the com-
mittee will have frequent meetings, and will dis-
pose of the cases as rapidly as possible; but to
give the bill its due weight I ask the extension of
the time to the 16th of April. I ask for the passage
of the resolution now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it come from a com-
mittee?
Mr. MALLOPtY. Yes, sir; it comes from the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask whether the time is
not fixed by a law of Congress; and can a mere
resolution extend it?
Mr. MALLORY. This is a joint resolution
of both Houses.
The joint resolution was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Florida whether this i« de-
signed to extend at all the performance of any
duties, or the opportunity to perform duties by
these courts of inquiry, or whether it is simply
designed for the purpose of enabling the commit-
tee to consider their reports?
Mr.MALLORY. It is designed exclusively
to give the committee an opportunity to examine
the results of the courts of inquiry. We cannot
possibly do it by the 16th of this month.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see the necessity
of allowing so long a time. ' I should like to have
this matterout of the way. Will not thirty days
be sufficient?
Mr. MALLORY. I have explained the object
of the committee. If the words of the resolution
do not accomplish it, I am willing to agree to an
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will this resolution have
the effect of giving any further operation to any
part of the arrangement except the action of the
Senate? Is it for any more courts?
Mr. MALLORY, 1 infer not. I should ob-
ject to it if it were. That is not the object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like it to lie over
for the present, in order that we may look at the
matter.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I will ask that the res-
olution lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. HAMLIN. And be printed.
The motion to postpone was agreed to; and
the joint resolution was ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by J. B. Henry,
Esq., his Secretary.
Oil motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors "were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 6, 1858.
The House met at twehe o'clock,m. Prayer
by Rev. George W. Bassett.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first in
order was the call of committees for reports.
Mr. BRYAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce joint resolutions of the
State of Texas.
Mr. GROW. I object, and call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported a bill making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending 30th of June, 1859;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and, with the accompanying papers, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and tho House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not make that motion until the
morning hour expires.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We can vote down the
motion.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I shall ask for a
vote on my motion, as I am anxious to have the
President's message icferred.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman has made his re-
port, and now he seeks to prevent others from
having the same privilege.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I beg the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion,
until I can ask an order of the House for the punt-
ing of some papers.
Ikr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have no desire to
press the motion against the wishes of the House.
My purpose is to facilitate the public business.
As other committees desire to make reports, I
withdraw my motion.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. 1 desire to present,
from the Committee of Elections, certain papers
