1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
ident tells us that if the number of slaves were even
greater than they are in Kansas, a constitutional
provision that the Legislature should not interfere
with the rights of property m slaves would be
justand reasonable. How, then, stands the case ?
The present doctrine of the Democratic party
in relation to slavery m the Territories is, that
Congress has no right to prohibit it, or to legis-
late concerning it; that the people of the Ter-
ritories have no right to prohibit it while under
their territorial government; that the Constitu-
tion of the United States carries slavery into and
establishes it in the Territories; that it is just and
reasonable, when the people of a Territory come
to form a constitution under which they are to be
admitted into the Union, that a provision should
be inserted in the constitution reserving to the
masters their right of property in their slaves:
that is, slavery shall be established in every new
State hereafter to be admitted into the Union, if it
be the pleasure of even one slave owner to take
his slave there while it is a Territory, though all
others of the inhabitants of the State be opposed
to it. And such is popular sovereignty, as now
held by a Democratic President. In assuming
this position, the great fact is ignored or forgotten
that for more than seventy years Congress con-
tinued to exercise the power of prohibiting and
regulating slavery m the Territories; or a better
arid more thorough understanding of the meaning
of the Constitution is claimed by the political
hucksters of the present day, than was possessed
by the patriots who framed it; for, under the Ad-
ministrations of Washington, of Madison, of Jef-
ferson, and other Presidents, down to 185'J—a
sufficient length of time to have established the
right by prescription, had there been any doubt
of the derivation of that power under the Consti-
tution—this power was repeatedly exercised by
Congress, and never questioned. In assuming
this position, too, the doctrine of popular sover-
eignty as originally understood has not only
been abandoned, but it has been found necessary
to place upon the Constitution of the nation a
construction so monstrous, a libel so infamous,
that the monarch® of the Old World laugh to scorn
the results of the great experiment of popular gov-
ernment on this continent. In the message of the
President transmitting the Lecompton constitu-
tion— the most extraordinary message, I venture
to say, that ever emanated from the chief Lxoen-
tive of a civilized people; a message exhibiting
the most envenomed hate and insane rage against
the free-State men of Kansas, and blind and ser-
vile devotion to what he calls the " important do-
mestic institution;" made up of unfounded state-
ments, impotent arguments, and false accusations,
intemperate in its language, and undignified in its
style; a message which justifies the invasion of
Kansas, the frauds on the ballot-box, the atro-
cious acts of the usurping Legislature, and the
ftnuds, and swindles, and villainies of the miser-
able faction which has sought to impose its des-
potic rule on the majority—he says:
" A grout delusion scorns to poivade the public mind in
relation tn ibe condition of parties m Knn-n->. This .iri-cs
from the difficultyof inducing the Animran people to tcalue I
the fact that anj' portion of them should be in a state of
jebellion against the government under winch thej live.
When we --poak of the affairs of Kansas? we arc apt to refer
meidy to the existence of two violent political paitirsm
that Temrory, divided by the question of slavery, ju^t as
we speak oi Mich patties in States. This present >- no ade-
quate idea ot the state of the ease. The divjdmgline there
jn nut bom-con two political panics, both acknowledging
the pxi-tencc of the government, bur between thot>e win) mo
loyal to this Government and tho e who have endeavored
to destroy its existence by force and usurpation—between
tho.-e who sustain and tho>e who have done all m their
power to oveithrow the tetrifonal government established
by Congress. This government they would long since have 1
snhverfd had it not been protected fiom admits bv the |
troops of the United States. Such has been the condition ]
oi afKnis since my inauguration. Ever since that penod a i
large portion of the people of Kansas have been in a state of i
rebellion against the government, with a military leader at |
their head of most turbulent and dan<ieious characrct. Tlvv
have never acknowledged, but have constantly i enounced >j
and defied, the government to winch they owe allegiance, |j
and have been all the time in a state of resistance against its ij
authoiity. They have all the time been endeavoring roMih- 11
veit and establish a revolutionary government, under the
so called Topeka constitution, in its stead. Even at this
very moment the Topeka Lcgislatuie are m session."
Had ho told us that a great delusion seemed to
pervade his own mind, it would have relieved his
message from that barrenness of truth which alone
distinguishes it. But the President seems to be
in the situation of a man who, unconscious of his
own inebriation, regardsevcry other person whom
he meets as having imbibed too freely. My pres-
ent impression, however, is, that he will find the
delusion of which he speaks on the increase, if
he shall succeed in his efforts to force upon the
people of Kansas a government which they loathe;
and that this delusion will arise from the " diffi-
culty of inducing the American people to realize
the fact,that a state of rebellion against the Gov-
ernment under which they live" is any greater
crime than is the attempt to force such a govern-
ment upon them in defiance of their will, or that
rebellion, under such circumstances, is a greater
evil than submission. If the President means to
say that the free-State men of Kansas are not,
and have not been, loyal to the Government of
the United States, and that they have endeavored
to destroy its existence by force and ifteurpation,
he says what is false. If he means to say that
they have done all in their power to overthrow
the government established by Congress, he again
says what is false. That they have refused to
acknowledge, down to the present moment, the
legitimacy or the validity of the Territorial Le-
gislature which was forced upon them by the
armed hordes from Missouri, backed up by the
Federal troops, is very true; and I thank God that
they never have. As an American citizen, proud
of the history of our fathers' struggle to secure
•their rights, I feel grateful to the fiee-State men
of Kansas for their bold and manly resistance to
tyranny. As a descendant of revolutionary and
rebellious ancestors, I rejoice that the spirit of
I77G is not yet extinct, and that Americans will
still rebel against oppression. And this govern-
ment of usurpation they would long since have
subverted, and would have driven every oppressor
from the soil, had not it and its ruffian supporters
been protected by Federal troops.
Why have the majority of the people of Kan-
sas been in a state of rebellion, as the President
alleges? "Why have they never acknowledged,
but constantly renounced and defied, the Terri-
torial Legislature, and been all this time in a
state of resistance against its authority? The
people of the United States aie not apt to rebel
against the Government or the laws; especially is
this the ease with the people of the North. The
people of Kansas must, then, have had some good
and sufficient reason for their open, bold resist-
ance. And the President, with all his affectation
of innocent simplicity and hollow protestations
of honest intentions, knows that it was because
the attempt was made to crush them to the earth;
to deprive them of their inalienable rights; to drive
them into abject submission to the will of a few
slaveholders; to compcl obcdience to laws in the
enactment of which they had no voice; and to
force upon them, by the military power of (he
nation, a foreign government which they hnfed
and loathed and spurned. Is not this sufficient
cause, with American citizens, for rebellion, for
defiance, lor resistance? If not, then were our
fathers guilty of a great crime in rebelling against
England; and, undoubtedly, had Mr. Buchanan
lived at that time, he would have so regarded it.
The President says, " even at this very moment
the Topeka Legislature are in session." Sup-
pose they are: whose business is that? The
President's? I think not. is it a crime for a Le-
gislature, elected under a constitution which was
framed in strict accordance with the terms and
| principles of the Nebraska-Kansas act; which was
; —the whole of it—fairly submitted to the people
| for adoption or rejection, and fairly adopted by
! them, in the absence of all other government,
except that of a foreign mob, to be in session in
a Territory of the United States—a Legislature
which alone has the confidence of the mass of the
people, and which alone possesses the elements
of popular sovereignty? Wuh Mr. Buchanan,
who has learned, since his election, to despise
majorities, and who seeks to trample their will
under his feet in blind subserviency to the power
behind the throne, this may be a mortal offense;
but wuh freemen, who behevein the popular sov-
ereignty of our fathers, it is at least pardonable.
Again, the Piesident charges that—
" The verj first paragraph of the Governors mesage of
Robinson, dated tho Ttii"of December, to the Topeka Legis-
latuie, now assembled atLawrence, contains an open defi-
ance of the laws and constitution of the United States."
And for proof of the charge, he quotes from the
message as follows:
The convention which framed the Topeka constitution
originated with the people of Kansas Territory. They
have adopted and ratified the same twice by a direct vote;
also mdneetly through two elections for State officers and
members of the Legislature. Yet it has pleased the Ad-
ministration to regaid the whole proceeding as revolution-
ary."
The charge is, that the extract which he quotes
from Governor Robinson's message contains an
open defiance of the laws and Constitution of the
United States! This is just as true and just as
false as his other charges and accusations. Let
any man, who knows enough to tell the difference
between Mr. Buchanan and General Jackson,
point out the words in thatquotation, adduced as
proof of the charge, which can, by any amount
of twisting, turning, or perversion, be made to
bear such construction, and such person will be
a fit and proper successor, in the Democratic
line, of James Buchanan. Again, the President
" From this statement of facts, the reason becomes pal-
pable why the enemies of the Government, authorized by
Congress, have refused to vote for the delegates to the Kan-
sas constitutional convention, and also, attenvards, on the
question of ^laveiy, submitted by it to the people. It is be-
cause they have ever refused to sanction or recognizc any
other constitution than thatfiamed at Topeka. Had the
whole Lecompton constitution been submitted to the peo-
ple, the adherents of this organization would doubtless have
voted against it; because, if successful, they would thug
have lemoved the obstacles out of the way of their own
revolutionary constitution. They would have done this not
upon the consideration of the merits of the whole or part
ot the Lecompton constitution, but simply because they
have ever resisted the authoiity of the government author-
ized by Congress, from which it emanated. Such beingthe
unfortunate condition of affairs in the Territory, what was
the light as well as the duty of the law-abiding people ?
Wcie they silently and patiently to submit to the Topeka
usurpation, or to adopt the necessary measure to establish a
constitution under the authoi tly of the organic law of Con-
gress ? That tin., law iecog.ni/.ed the right of the people of
the Teintory, without an enabling act of Congress, to form
a State constitution, is too clear tor argument. For Con-
gress to ' leave the people ot the Territory perfectly free,'
in fiaming their ron&tuiitton, c to foim and regulate their
own institutions in their own way, subject only to the Con-
stitution of the United States,5 atui then to say that they
shall not be pet nutted to proceed and fiamfi the constitu-
tion m their own way without express authoiity from Con-
gress, appeals to be almost a contradiction of terms. It
would be much more plausible to contend that Confess bad
no power to pas.-? such an enabling act, than to diyue that
the people of a Territory might be kept out of the Union for
an indefinite period, and until it might please Congress to
permit them to evercise the minor"self-government. Tms
would be to adopt, not their own way, but the way which
Congiess might ptescribe."
Here is another gross misstatement. The gov-
ernment authorized by Congress was such a gov-
ernment as the majority of the people of-Kansas
should establish. The only government so es-
tablished was the Topeka government. The few
enemies of that government did vote for the Le-
compton delegates; and they were the only persons
that did so vote. Tho reason given by the Pres-
ident for not submitting the Lecompton constitu-
tion to the people, is worthy of Louis Napoleon.
TTe says that if it had been submitted, those who
were opposed to it would have voted against it.
It is most remarkable that the President should
have made this discovery, and it affords further
proof of his great statesmanship and vast percep-
tive powers. And he says, too, they would have
voted against it. not upon the consideration of its
merits, but because they were not in favor of it!
Why does he say they would not have voted
against it upon the consideration of its merits?
How does he know that? Who told him ? Does
he claim the power of omniscience ? Can he look
into the hearts of men and discern their motives ?
And what was that to him, supposing they were
opposed to the constitution for other reasons than
consideration of its merits? Was this a reason
for depriving them of their right to vote ? Again
and again he repeats the slander that the free-
State men have resisted the authority of the gov-
ernment authorized by Congress; and again and
again I throw back the falso charge, accompanied
with the appropriate sentiment. In a tone of sad-
ness the President, asks, " such being the unfor-
|! tunate condition of affairs in the Territory," (that
is, there being a majority against the Lecompton
constitution,) "what was the right, as we[l as
the duty, of the (bogus) law-abiding people?"—
that is to say, of the minority. What was their
duty under these unfortunate circumstances? That
isf/*equestion. Werethcysilently and patrently to
submit to the majority, or to adopt the necessary
means to establish a constitution which should be
satisfactory to the minority, under the organic
law of Congress ? That would have been an easy
