2816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
An act (No. 106) for the relief of Elijah F.
Smith,Gilman H. Perkins,and Charles F.Smith.
Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
An act (No. 181) for the relief of Anson Dart.
Referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act (No. 203) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Charles Porterfield, deceased. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
An act (No. 212) for the relief of Joseph C. G.
Kennedy. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 21(>) authorizing the payment to
the State of Maine of certain expenses agreed to
he refunded to her by the fifth article of the treaty
between the United States of America and her
Britannic Majesty, dated the 9th day of August,
A. D. 1842. Referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
An act (S. No. 224) for the relief of Edward
Ingersoll. Referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
An act (No. 230) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Daniel Hay, deceased. Referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 235) for the lelief of Martin Lay-
man. Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. i252) for the relief Charles McCor-
mick, assistant surgeon in the United States Army.
Referred fo the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act (No. 254) for the relief of Townsend
Harris. Referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
An act (No. 2G6) for the relief of George W.
Flood. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 2G7) for the relief of G. Alonzo
Breast. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
An act (No. 268) for the relief of Aaron H.
Palmer. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act(No.272) for the relief of Charles Knap.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 275) for the relief of Jeremiah Pen-
dergast. Referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Ollire.
An act(No.27(i) for the relief of Mrs. Ambroise
Erou,of the pai isli of St. Charles, State; of Louis-
iana. Referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
An act (No. 277) for the relief of Albert G.
Allen. Referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
An net (No. 282) for the relief of Bernard M.
Byrne. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 284) fur the relief of C. Edward
Habicht, administrator of J W.P.Lewis. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 2iU) for the relief of Webster S.
Steele. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
An act (No. 292) for the relief of James A.
Glanding. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
An art (No. 293) for the relief of Franklin
Peale. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 2$f>) for the relief of David D.
Porter. Referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
An act (No. 301) for the relief of Henry letting.
Referred to the Committee on Naval Ait'aiis.
An act (No. 302) for the relief of James Smith.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No, 30(1) for the relief of Samuel FI.
Taylor, Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 309) for the relief of John B. Mil-
ler. Referred to the Committee on Jnvahd Pen-
sions.
An act (No. 323) to eonfiim the sale, of the res-
ervation held by the Chnstiim Indians, and to
provide a permanent home foi said Indians. Re-
ferred to the Committee on iiulun Allan's.
An act (No. 32 1) for the relief of R. \V. Clarke.
Referred to the Committee of Claims
An act (No. 32y) for the relief of John Pickeli,
late a lieutenant in the United States Army. Re-
fer] cd to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No 330) for the relief of Stephen
Rowan. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 331) for the relu f of P. S. Duval
& Co. Refeired to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 332) for the relief of Anion I, O.
Portman. Referred to the Committee on Por* ign
A flairs.
A is act (No. 335) for the relief of Abner Merrill.
Referred to the Committee on invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 336) for the relief of Assistant
Surgeon Edwin P. Yollum, of the United States
Army. Referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
An act (No. 338) for the relief of Caleb Sher-
man. Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
An act (No. 340) for the relief of Ann L. Ro-
gers. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 67) to provide for the payment of
certain California claims. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
An act (No. 368) for the relief of Mrs. Eliza
E. Ogden. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 374) for the relief of George J.
Knight. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 377) for the relief of Madison
Sweetser. Referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
An act (No, 380) to provide for the payment of
the State of Maine, for expenses incurred by that
State m organizing a regiment of volunteers in the
Mexican war. Referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
An act (No. 385) for the relief of John Hudry.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act (No. 388) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of the late John Forsyth. Referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
An act (No. 393) for the relief of Richard Fitz-
patrick. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported! th.it they had examined and
found truly enrolled, bills and a joint resolution of
the following titles:
An act for the relief of the representatives of
William Smith, deceased , late of Louisiana;
! An act for the relief of Isaac Drew and others,
j settlers upon the public lands in the State of Wis-
j consin:
| Joint resolution for paying the compensation of
! stenogiaphei.s employ* d by committees of the
| House of Representtun o.s;
I An aet for the rebel of the heirs or legal repre-
sentatives of William Conway, deceased;
An act for the relief of Pieire Broussard, de-
ceased ^
An act for the relief of Marie Maliues;
An act for the relief of Regis Loisel, or his legal
representatives;
An art for the relief of Btevet Major Ii. L.
Kemh ick;
An act for the relief of Isaac Carpenter;
An act to amend an act entitled An aet grant-
ing a pension to Ansel Wilkinson,"approved Au-
gust 13, 1856;
An aet for the lelief of Pierre Gannon, of Nat-
chitoches, Louisiana:
An act to increase the pension of John Rich-
mond; and
An act lor the relief of Thomas Smithers.
OfltO CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I now call up the
Ohio eontested-election case
Mr. CHAFFEE. I rise to what I suppose to
be a privileged question. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I prefer that this
case shall be taken up and decided to-day.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 ask the gentleman from Il-
linois to give way to enable me to leport from the
Committee on Naval Affairs a bill of the Senate,
granting a pension to the widow of Lieutenant
Ilerndon, for the purpose of having it referred to
a Committee of the Whole House; so that it may
come up when the House goes into committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There are several
gentlemen who are appealing to me to give "way
tor them,and if 1 yield foronel must for another.
Air. SEWARD. But this is u peculiar case. It j
will not tako two minutes. j
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I desire very much |
to oblige the gentleman fiom Georgia, and I be- j
heve his ease us a very meiitoriousone, but there i
are four or five gentlemen who are appealing to :
me to yield; and if I yield to one I must to an- ;
other. I decline to give way. ;
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the gentleman to yield f
to ine for a moment. |
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I cannot. I now ]
call up the case of Clement L. Vallandigham,
contesting the scat of Lewis D. Campbell in this
House. The Committee of Elections did not
agree in their views of the case. It so happened
that I was not able to concur with any of my col-
leagues on the committee. I send the following
resolution to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The resolution was read, as follows: „
Resolved, That a vacancy exists in the lepresentatiori m
die Hout-eof Repiesentatives of the United States fiom the
third congressional district of the State of Ohio, and that
the Speaker be directed to notify the Governor of that State
thereof.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of order.
I submit tiiat there has been no report in this
case from the Committee of Elections. There is
simply a statement by the'committee, stating that
they were unable to agree in an-y report in the
case. I make, therefore, the point of order, that
this question is not properly before the House for
its action, inasmuch as the minority of the Com-
mittee ©f Elections could not submit a report.
In that position 1 believe I am sustained by the
decision of the Chair during the present session.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from New
York appiehends the facts correctly, the point is
properly taken by him; but the Chair understands
that the report which was submitted, although
there is no recommendation in it in the shape of
a resolution, did meet with the approbation of a
majority of the committee.
Air. KELSEY. I believe that fact does not
appear fiom the report itself. I know it was so
stated by the gentleman from Illinois at the time;
but I undeistand there are three distinct repoits
presented by that committee upon the question
submitted to its consideration. If I am right m
that fact, then I think I am right in the point of
order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The different re-
ports made fron) the committee were made a part
of the import of the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. 1
submit that debaie is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order on a
point of order.
Mi. HARRIS, of Illinois. It was stated in the
report of the committee that each report made a
part of the leport of the committee.
Mr. GILMER. I ask my friend from Illinois
to yield me the floor for a moment.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
to explain the report of the committee ?
Air. GILMER. I believe the report is a report
of the majority on this one point, and this point
only; that a minority believed that Mr. Vallan-
digham was not elected; that another minority of
three believed that Mr. Campbell is not entitled
to the seat; that another minority of the commit-
tee was of opinion that, the case should be sent
back to the people. They reported those facts.
The SPEAKER. The report submitted by the
gentleman fiom Illinois purpoits to be the views
or opinions or sentiments of a majority of the
committee. The report reads as follows:
<• The Committee o( Elections, to whom was refeired the
momoiml oi Clement L. VallandiiclKini. contesting thought
et the lion. Lew iv I.). Campbell to a ?*e,u id the flou-e of
Repu'M'iiUtive-. as a meinbet of tin; Thiitv-Fifth Coteiiess,
Horn the ihud congie^ioual cii-txict ot the St.ite of Ohio,
have had Hie same under coiwidciation and have dnected
• me to tcpou,-" See.
|i And, in conclusion, the report says;
1! " The committee a^k that the view a of their minouties,
11 respectively, accompanying tint repoit, may be received uy
ij tlu:
The only irregularity connected with the report
ij is that the committee have not accompanied their
!i report with a recommendation m the shape of a
i' resolution. It is, however, unquestionably such
' a leport fiom the Committee of Elections as the
House can predicate action upon.
Mr. LAMAR. I propose the following sub-
H stitute for the resolution submitted by the gen-
jj tleman from Illinois:
j| EcsolrcJ, That Lewis I), t'.impbell is not entitled to a
jj peat m the Timtv-Fifth Conines as the Representative
11 from the thud eon«iesHonal district of Ohio.
i j Rcbolvetl. That Clement L. Vallandifiham is entitled to a
Ij s<\u in tbe Tlniiy-ru'th Confess as Representative fiom
!i the thud eom/iessionai di>tiict of Oluo.
j Mr. (tILMER. I move to amend the substi-
| tuto by striking out all after the word " Resolved,"
|j and to insert the following:
!l Tnat the Hon. Lewis O. Campbell i-s entitled to retain
hi-. seat as. mernbei from the third congressional district m
the State of Ohio to this? Confess.
