1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
COURT OF CLAIMS BILLS. j
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move to recon- I
sider the vote by which, on yesterday, certain j
bills from the Court of Claims were referred to I
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. That :
reference is calculated to defeat that class of bills,
for the reason that the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims cannot report them back again to
the House. If a modification be made of the
154th rule, like that which I send up to the Clerk
to be read, it will obviate any necessity for a mo-
tion to reconsider. If that modification be agreed \
to, I shall withdraw my motion to reconsider. j
The Clerk read the modification, as follows: j
Wiien bills and their accompanying reports fiom the Court 1
of Claims have boon or shall be referred to any other com- ;
nnttee than the Committee of Claims, it shall be m Older |
tor such committee to repoit thereon at any tune when il j
may be in ordei tor the Committee of Claims to report >snn- <
ilarbill*; and the bills shall be punted and placed on the I
Calendar in the same manner as if reported by the Commit- j
tee of Claims. ,
The 154th rule was read, as follows: I
" The bills and their accompanying reports from the j
Court of Claims shall be referred by the Cleikofthe House !
to the Committee of Claims; and it &hali be m oider every ;
Friday morning, immediately after reading the Journal, for ;
the Committee of Claims to report with reference to bust- {
ness trom the Court of Claims; the bills reported to be printed |
and placed on the Private Calendar." |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, if
my recollection serves me, the practice was, dur-
ing the last session, on Fridays and Saturdays,
which are by express rule set apart in each week
for the consideration of bills of a private nature,
to.call upon committees for reports of such bills.
This practice I presume will be continued during j
the present session; and if it is, it will of course |
supersede the necessity for any change of the
rule.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The House will
have to authorize this to be done.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The practice of
the House the last Congress was as I have stated
it, if my recollection serves me right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
is his intention to follow the practice of the last
session, which will relieve the House of this diffi-
culty.
Mr, SHERMAN, of Ohio. This modifica-
tion which I propose will do no harm.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no ne-
cessity for it, and it will complicate the rules.
The modification was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I insist, then, on
my motion to reconsider, ana ask that it be entered
for future action.
The motion was entered. j
FOREIGN RELATIONS. 1
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am instructed by the j
Committee on Foreign Affairs to report some res- ]
olutions simply calling for information. I
The resolutions were read, and are as follows: i
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, ail correspondence between the Department of State
and the Government of Paraguay, in any manner relating
to our difl'eiences with that Government.
Unsolved, That the PreMdent he requested to communi-
cate to this House, if not incompatible with the public m-
teiest, such correspondence as has passed between the De-
partment of State and our Minister near the Government of
Brazil, m lelation to the opening of the Amazon river, and
the contraction of a reciprocity or other treaty.
Resolved, That the Pie&ident be requested to communi-
cate to this Hou?e, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, all correspondence which has passed upon the subject
of our relations with Spam, not heretofore made public.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I would suggest to the
gentleman from North Carolina the propriety of
including New Granada in his resolution—that j
he insert "and of New Granada" after the word [
"Paraguay." i
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to that, j
if the gentleman will move the amendment. Of ;
course I cannot alter the report.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I move thatamendment.
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tions, as amended, were agreed to.
RICHARD H. WEIGIITMAN. !
Mr. ZOIXICOFFER, from the Committee on '
Territories, reported a bill for the relief of Rich- ;
aid II. Weightman; which was read a first and \
second time and referred to the Committee of the [
"Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to be j
printed. i
THOMAS SMITHERS.
Mr. CHAFFEE, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Thomas Smithers; which was read a first and
second time, and, with the report, ordered to be
printed.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE, ETC.
Mr. MAYNARD. The special committee ap-
pointed on the 18th of last month, to investigate
the conduct and accounts of the late Clerk, &c.,
and which, by reason of having no room assigned
them in the Capitol for the dispatch of business,
have not been able to attend to that business, have
instructed me to present the following report:
The committee appointed to investigate the conduct and
account:.of the late Clerk, inc.. be? leave to repoit, that m
oidet to expedite then labors, a stenographer, to act asclerk,
will he neces^ry. wherefore, tlie> submit the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the special select committee, appointed
by resolution of the House of the Ibth ultimo, to investigate
the conduct and accounts of the late Clerk, be, and they are
hereby,authorized to employa stenographer,toactasclerk
for such length of time an they into deem necessary; and
to receive the u^ual compensation for his services.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 93, noes 45.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the
president's annual message.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] to the
third of the resolutions submitted by the chairman
of the Committee of W ays and Means, upon which
the gentleman from Now York [Mr. Sickles] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. With the permission of the
gentleman who is entitled to the floor, I desire to
withdraw the amendment which I offered yester-
day, and in lieu thereof to move that the subject
of the neutrality laws be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has aright
to modify his amendment, but he had better re-
duce it to writing:, as modified.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Chairman,it was not my
desire to take any part in this discussion in its
present stage, nor should I have allowed myself
to be diverted from that purpose, but for the ex-
traordinary turn which the debate took yesteiday.
Propositions were advanced from distinguished
sources, censures were imposed, the Administra-
tion condemned, the conduct of eminent officers
of the public service denounced—without facts,
without a record before us, upon a very imperfect !
knowledge of the state of the case, and in advance i
of that requisition which we had made upon the
Executive for such information as would enable
the House to come to a just conclusion upon a
grave public question.
Nor shall I permit myself now, in advance of
the information which we ail need, and which
cannot be long delayed, to imitate the gentlemen
who have preceded me in going into a full discus-
sion of the question before the committee upon all
its merits. I shall content myself at this time by
putting on record my dissent from some of the
propositions which have been advanced, to which
I cannotaccord an approval, and with which I do
not believe the House will ever concur.
Why, sir, if we had been listening to a discus-
sion in a House of Representatives convened by
Mr. President Walker, in Nicaragua, we could
not have heard doctrines more peculiarly m uni-
son with his theories of government, as illus-
trated there, or more directly in conflict with the
policy and history of our Government, than we
were forced to listen to on yesterday in this Hall.
We were told that the neutrality act of 1818 was
unconstitutional, was inconsistent with the the-
ory of our Government, and at war with the
principles of our people. As I had read the his-
tory of my country, I had taught myself to believe
that the policy embodied m the neutrality act of
1818 was the policy handed down to us from Gen-
eral Washington, and perpetuated in our statutes
from the Administration of Washington down
to the present day—the cherished policy of the
American people, never dissented from by any
Administration or by any party. Have we for-
gotten that, within a very recent period, we have
had all the principles embraced in the neutrality
act presented to the House and to the country in
the enlistment question in which we were in-
volved with the Government of Great Britain r
Have we forgotten that Mr. Crampton, her En-
voy, was dismissed because he had committed
an act in violation of the provisions of the law
of 1818? I had supposed that the whole coun-
try sustained the wisdom and firmness of the
Executive in that enforcement of the tiaditiorial
policy of the United States not to permit either
its own citizens or the citizens or the representa-
tives of any Power, great or small, to compromise
the neutrality of the United States with reference
to any nation or any people with whom we were
at peace.
Nor must we forget that we have made treaties
with various Powers, in which we have entered
into stipulations based upon this very statute, and
on the policy of which it is the exponent. The
most recent of these—and I will not detain the
committee by reference to others—are the treaty
with New Granada, and, as rumor has it—we
have no official information on the subject as yet
—the treaty with Nicaragua. In the treaty with
New Granada we have guarantied to that Republic
the neutrality of the route across the Isthmus of
Panama. We have entered into stipulations to
guaranty and maintain and protectthat neutrality,
more especially against any hostile acts perpe-
trated by our own citizens, or those claiming to
be such.
Nor was I less surprised to hear the doctrine
promulgated, that the executive authority of the
United States was not authorized to send out the
naval forces upon the high seas, to capture our
citizens who had violated our laws. It was main-
tained that this authority could not De extended
beyond a marine league.
Have gentlemen forgotten the treaty for the sup-
pression of the slave trade on the coast of Africa
in which the principle is distinctly lecognized?
In that treaty we agree to send a squadron of not
less than eighty guns upon the coast of Africa for
the purpose of exercising a police over those
waters; and a police, not limited to those waters,
but extending over all seas, for the purpose of
suppressing that infamous traffic. I will read the
article from the treaty:
" The parties mutually stipulate that each <hall prepare,
equip, and maintain in service, on the coast of Africa, a
sufficient and adequate squadion, or naval foice of voxels,
of suitable numbers and descriptions, to carry in all not less
than eighty gun&, to enforce, sepaiately and respectively, the
laws, rights, and obligations (if each of the two countties,
for the suppression of the siave trade, the <-atd s-quadrona
to be independent of each other, but the two Governments
stipulating, ncveithe!es&, to give such eiders to the officers
commanding their respective forces as {.hall enable them
most effectually to act in concert and eoopeiation. upon
mutual consultation, as exigencies may anse, for the at-
tainment ot the true object of this article; eopi.'-t ol allbiich
orders to be communicated by each Government 10 the
other, respectively."—Treaty with G-ieat Britain, J842, ar-
ticie 8.
This power has been asserted by all parties and
all Administrations. We have never before heard
it seriously questioned that the Government of the
United States had that power and that right; and
such is the general principle of public law. The
authorities are all cited by Wheaton, by whom
the doctrine is thus stated:
Both the public and private vessels of every nation, on
the high seas, and out of the territonal limits of any other
State, aie subject to the jurisdiction of the State to which
they belong.''—Wkeuton''$ International JUiiv, part2, chap.
2, sec. 10.
'* This jurisdiction is exclusive only so far as respccts of-
fenses against the municipal laws of the State to which the
ve&sel belongs."—Ibid., part 4, chap. 3. sec. IS.
But it seems thatdistinction is to bedrawn with
reference to the particular expedition of Walker,
because it is claimed that his was a peaceful ex-
pedition when it set out from our shores; that -it
embarked in vessels that were not armed; that
the men were not organized into platoons and
companies and regiments; thatarmshad not been
furnished to them; and that therefore neither the
judicial nor the executive power of the Go\ern-
ment could be invoiced to arrest tho rxp^dition,
or punish those who were engaged in it.
I need not remind the House that in every such
expedition the question of intent is the one to be
considered. With what intent was the expedition
