m®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6.
of Walker organized? With what intent did it
set out from our shores? With what intent did it
land upon the shores of Nicaragua ? Sir, it would
be an offense against the good sense of the House,
to add anything to an argument already so plain,
to prove that that expedition set out from our \
shores with the intent to make war; with the
intent to take property and life within the State
of Nicaragua, with which we had just made a
treaty of amity and friendship. It is a notorious
fact, that instantaneously upon the landing of the
-expedition in Nicaiagua, acts of hostility were
perpetrated, men were shot down, and property
•was seized.
But, sir, I have no desire to characterize offens-
ively the conduct of Mr. Walker or his men. I
shall merely apply to them the characterization j
which all writers on public law, and the duties of
nations, apply to such acts. Every one of these
writers calls such conduct robbery and murder:
"For the citizens of the United States, then, to commit
murdeis and depredation* on the membcis of other nations,
or to combine to do it, appealed to the American Govern-
ment aa much against the Inws of the land, as to minder
or rob, or to combine to rnuider or rob, their own citizens;
and as much to require punishment,, if done withm their
limits, where they had a tcnitoiia! iunsdiction; or on the
high seas, where they had a personal juu.sdicnon; that is to
say, one which leached their own citizens only; this being
an appropimtc p.utof each nation, 011 an element wheie
each has a-common jun^diction."
Note :—Mr. Jefferson's letter to Mr. Genet, June 17th,
1793.—American State Papers, volume X, page loo. Ele-
ments of International Law, by Whcaton, third edition.
The expedition set out, it is true—or, at least,
I will assume it to be true for the sake of the argu-
ment—without the men having arms on their per-
sons. I will assume it to be true that the vessels
in which they sailed were unarmed. But, sir, our
own judicial records show, that although an
expedition may be thus artfully organized, and
though attempts may be thus made to evade the
neutrality laws and to compromise the good faith
of our Government, yet such evasions and such
contrivances are not suffered to screen the persons
who resort to them from the consequences of their
acts. This ground is distinctly taken in a case
adjudicated by the Supreme Court of the United
States. I refer to the case of the United States
us.GUiincy, reported in G Peters. In that case the
defense relied upon the grounds that there were
no arms upon the men, and that there were no
arms on board the ship. But the Supreme Court
held, in that case, that it was a question of intent;
that if the whole conduct of the expedition—what
it did after it set out as well as what it did before—
showed that theirmtention was to levy war against
a people or nation with whom we were at peace,
the offense came within the meaning of the act of
1818, and the parties wore rendered amenable to
its penalties.
No one would go further than myself in main-
taining the right of every American citizcn to seek
for himself a home wherever he may choose. If
he desire to pursue his calling, whatever it may
be, in another land, let him go. If he desires,
either alone, or in company with his fellows, to
form an association of colonists, and emigrate !
peacefully to Central America, or elsewhere, jet i
him or ihem go. And, so far from punishingsucli i
acts as crimes, I would encourage them, because j
I think the time has arrived when it ought to be !
the duty and pride of our citizens to disseminate \
our institutions, and to illustrate practically upon ;
other shores, and among otherpeople, the princi- !
pies of freedom, of justice, and of liberality which ,
they have learned under our system of govern- i
ment. I would like to sec this done in Central i
America. I would like to see that isthmus Amen- ;
canized m that sense, because I am not insensible :
to the fact that it is to be the great highway of |
commerce. Over that isthmus a very large por-
tion of the commerce of the world is to pass, and
it is for the interest of our people, political and
commercial, that it should be Americanized as far
and as rapidly as possible
But expeditions like that recently organized,
and conduct like that which has been recently seen
there, are not calculated to promote the interests
of the people of the United States, so far as they
are connected with the isthmus of Central Amer-
ica. Sir, there arc Republics there. They are our
own sister Republics, with which it should be our
pride, as it is our duty, to cultivate friendly and
affectionate relations. Some of them have already
made treaties with us. Others will do so ere long,
provided we pursue towards them a policy fra-
ternal, sympathetic, frank, and just. But let our
Government deal with these Republics. Let, our
Government, animated as it is by a full conscious-
ness of the high interests we have at stake there,
and governed by principles of justice, good faith,
and integrity, take charge of our interests in Cen-
tral" America and our intercourse with those Re-
publics. Do not let us yield our assent that they
be committed to the charge of those incapable of
carrying them out, if they had the wish to do so;
and who, so far as we have yet seen any proof, are
rather bent on the purpose of individual aggrand-
izement, the pursuit of notoriety, or the acqui-
sition of mere privategain, than animated by any
wish to carry out the policy of the United States
Government with reference to that isthmus.
It is said, Mr. Chairman, that this expedition
was a peaceful one, that its men were artisans
and agriculturists, who went there solely as prop-
agandists of American ideas, but to propagandize
by the force of their example alone, and not by
hostile acts. I have-only to say that, if this were
the intent with which that expedition set sail,
their plow-shares and their pruning-hooks were
converted into swords with a suddenness which
really throws some suspicion over the sincerity
of their professions.
With reference to the conduct of Commodore
Paulding, I have always supposed that the pre-
sumption, in t'he absence of tacts, or in a very im-
perfect knowledge of the state of facts, was always
in favor of the conduct of officers acting in the dis-
charge of their duty at a remote post. I have also
supposed that presumptions, at least, ought to
favor our own country. The belief that what it
did was right, has always been ^cherished by our
people. If condemnation is to be visited, it is to
be done reluctantly, discriminatingly, and only
when the whole record forces it upon us as an
imperative necessity.
But Commodore Paulding, it seems, is to be
made an exception. Every presumption, in his
case, is to be against him. Every accusation made
by Walker and his followers is to be taken for
truth, and nothing is to be assumed in favor of
the gallant officer who has always heretofore dis-
charged fully and faithfully every duty confided
to him. While Nicaragua is not here to raise a
solitary objection against the commander of our
gulf squadron; while we are bound to assume, in
the absence of any objection, that she welcomed
him as a protector against the hostile acts of his
own countrymen about to be perpetrated, and
being perpetrated, with ruthless violence upon her
people; while Nicaragua is silent against the act
of our own officer, he is arraigned here in this
House, though absent, unheard, and without the
facts, without the information which wo called
for only a few days ago. Here, in the House of
his friends, in the House of his own countrymen,
he is called a kidnapper, and he is arraigned and
denounced as guilty 6f outrages such as would
befit him for any other station than that which he
holds.
With reference to the particular act of Com-
modore Paulding, in going upon the territory of
another State and exorcising acts of authority
there, I lmvc no idea, nor docs Commodore Pauld-
ing, in the letter which has been published, say
that he was authorized to do so by his instruction?.
Nor would I dream for a moment that such a step
should be regarded as a precedent to be followed
by officers in command, either upon the land or
upon the high seas.
There can be no question that in a technical
point of view his act was illegal. There can be
no doubtthat he exceeded his instructions. It can-
not be justified as a proper exercise of authority.
But, sir, there is a wide difTeience between jus-
tifying as legal, and as within the line of official
duty, an act like that of Commodore Paulding —
there is a wide difference between such justifica-
tion, and the denunciation which has been heaped
upon him, and the disgrace which is invoked
upon his head. Ho acted, undoubtedly, in ac-
cordance with what he conscientiously believed
to be the spirit of his instructions. He had reason
to believe that the United States Government re-
garded that expedition as unlawful; he had reason
to believe that the persons composing it had
escaped the executive and judicial authorities at
home, and were compromising the neutrality o^
the United States, and that he would conform to
the policy and the wishes and the expectation of
his people at home if he prevented what was
nothing else than a scheme of aggression and
outrage against a nation with which we were at
peace, and with which we had just made a treaty
of amity and friendship.
Sir, this is notthe first instance in which a com-
mander of oar forces has exceeded his instruc-
tions in accomplishing an object which he knew
to be dear to the policy of his Government at
home. We can never forget the time when Gen-
eral Jackson passed over into the territory of
Spain and seized upon her forts and on ested her
citizens, and hung some of them upon the first
tree he met with. How was his conduct regarded
by the Government of Mr. Monroe? Iiow was
it afterwards regarded by the Ameiican people?
Was he recalled in disgrace? Was he arraigned
by those who should not have arraigned him upon
the floor of the House of Representatives? No,
sir. President Monroe, in communicating that
transaction to Congress, in his annual message,
drew a careful line of distinction between an act
of aggression against the Government and terri-
tory of Spain and the act of General Jackson in
preventinglier citizens and her forces, which were
adjacent to our own territory, being employed
in acts of hostility against our own people. Every
presumption was made in favor of General Jack-
son, and rightfully made. And that, sir, was a
transaction involving principles and involving
conduct of an infinitely graver character than any-
thing that we have yet heard imputed to Commo-
dore Paulding.
I will read a brief extract from that portion of
President Monroe's message relating to Mtfjor
General Jackson's movements in Florida dunng
the first Seminole war, and while Florida belonged
to Spain:
"In entering Floiida to suppress this combination, no
idea was enteitamed of hostility to Spain, and however
justifiable the commanding general was, in consequence
of the misconduct of the Spanish otheeis, in entering St.
Marks andPcnsacola, to deteimine it by piovntgto the sav-
ages and their associates that they could not he piotected
even there, yet the airncablc ie!ation& existing between the
United States and Spain could not be alteied by that act
alone. By oidermg the restitution of the pobts these lega-
tions were preserved."—Monroe's second annual message—
President's Messages: inaugural, annual, and special, Jrcm
1789 to 1846, compiled by Edwin Williams.
While so much has been said in condemnation
of Commodore Paulding by those who, I think,
ought at least to have waited the exhibition of the
whole case before they launched their censure,
nothing seems to be said in reference to the con-
duct and position of Walker himself. It cannot
be forgotten that only a few months ago the naval
forces of the United States rescued this man
Walker from certain death ; rescued him from his
enemies, by whom he was beleaguered, by whom
he had been reduced almost to starvation: res-
cued by likeusurpation of authoi ity, if yon please.
Inspired by motives of humanity, of generosity,
of patriotism, and sympathy with a feiiow-coun-
tryman, Captain Davis exerted his authority, in-
terposed his good offices, assumed the responsi-
bility of negotiating with the forces which had
invested and subdued Walker, and saved him
from a doom to which we would all look with
horror, and brought him home and restored him
to his friends.
Soon after that event, Walker addressed a let-
ter, which was published all over the land, to the
President, or to General Cass, the Secretary of
State, (I do not remember precisely which,) in
which he pledged his honor that he was not en-
gaged, nor would he become engaged, in getting
up any expedition against Nicaragua, or in doing
any act inconsistent with the laws of the United
States, and especially the neutrality act of 1818.
He went through the country, to be sure, in-
voking sympathy as far as it was possible for him
to obtain it for himself. But, sir, he left upon that
shore of Nicaragua a devoted battalion of deluded
followers, for whom no appeal was ever heard
from him; and while organizing anew, against his
own plighted honor, against the policy oi his Gov-
ernment, and against the sound judgment of the
American people, another corps of equally mis-
guided partisans to go through the same scenes
in Nicaragua, that gallant band which he left
there, when so rescued by the humanity of our
own Navy, was left to die and rot upon the very
shores from which he had been rescued.
Now, sir, I think the country is entirely satas-
