256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Leidy.
Ho. of Reps.
regarding it as a duty which I owe to them as well
as to myself, to give some of the reasons which
shall influence my vote upon this question, I shall
endeavor, in the discharge of that duty, to give
my views as briefly and as plainly as 1 can.
Before proceeding to the discussion of the ques-
tion under consideration, permit me to remark
that, although much of the argument here, on the
one side and the other, has been confined to the
slavery question, I have not yet been able to un-
derstand how the merits of that question are, in
any sense, involved in this issue. By the passage
of the Kansas-Nebraska act, I take it, Congress
shut out from our consideration the question of
domestic slavery as connected with the admission
of Kansas as a State. Congress, by the passage
of that act, declared that she should be entirely
free to form and regulate her own domestic insti-
tutions in her own way; and when, in due time,
she should be prepared, that she should be re-
ceived as a State with or without slavery, as her
constitution might at the time determine. How-
ever, as other gentlemen have thought proper to
discuss this subject in connection with the Kan-
sas question, I feel that I shall not be regarded as
out of order if I devote a few moments to its con-
sideration.
I am free to confess, Mr. Chairman, that all
my feelings, prejudices, and principles are alike
averse to the institution of domestic slavery; and
when I see its advocates and defenders driven to
the necessity of searching the Holy Scripturcs to
find a basis on which to rest the claims of this
" peculiar institution, "it only serves to strengthen
my convictions of the correctness of these feel-
ings and the soundness of these principles; for it
is an evidence to my mind that the old foundations
on which they were wont to rest this institution
are giving way; and that the common arguments
.which the men of earlier days were accustomed
to regard as sufficient and complete justification
of domestic slavery have lost their power, and
fail now to produce, even in the minds of those
who use them, a clear conviction of their sound-
ness; and hence they must resort to the " higher
law," and endeavor to iind in that a sanction of
this system.
It is undoubtedly true that in the Jewish nation
they had their servants, their bondmen and their
bondwomen, their men-servants and their maid-
servants, their servants born to them in their own
house, and those taken from among the strangers
that were round about them; and this system of
servitude is nowhere, that I know of, condemned.
But is it fair, is it honest, for those who have re-
nounced Judaism, and who refuse to acknowledge
the obligations imposed by its laws, its rites, and
its ceremonies, to claim, under that system, the
benefits, the rights and the privileges granted only
to those who constituted that peculiar people ? And
if the cases of Abraham and Isaac are to be re-
garded as conclusive of the moral or religious
character of the institution of African slavery,
with equal propriety may the cases of Jacob, of
David, and of Solomon be adduced to sustain the
peculiar institution of Mormoni«m—polygamy.
Entertaining these feelings of aversion to sla-
very, lam, of course, opposed to its extension
over new States and Territories; and would earn-
estly desire that in every new State,especially in
the latitudes adapted to free labor, the people
should, by a constitutional prohibition, exclude it
from the number of their domestic institutions. I
have no doubt that the interests and the prosper-
ity, not only of the new States themselves, but
of the whole country, would be thereby promoted.
But, at the same time, I claim no right, as a citi-
zen of a free State, or as a Representative, to in-
terfere with that institution where it exists, nor
to prevent the people inhabiting any other State
or Territory from introducing this as one of their
institutions if they desire it. I believe, sir, in the
great principle that the people of every State and
Territory should be left entirely free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, and when, as a Representative, I am called
upon to vote on the question of the admission of
any new State, I shall do so without any inquiry,
as a preliminary to my voting, whether the con-
stitution excludes or tolerates slavery; and I trust
that I shall at all times, as well here as elsewhere,
be found as ready and willing, by my voice, my
vote, or in any other legitimate way, to defend
the rights, privileges, and institutions of the South
against aggression coming from any quarter, as
I would those of my own State. And I know, sir,
that, on this subject, I express the sentiments of
the Democracy of Pennsylvania; but gentlemen
must not ask of ua too much. They must be
content with our willingness to sustain them in
the protection of their legal and constitutional
rights and privileges; they must not insist that
we shall believe that slavery is right, or even ben-
eficial; for we, as Democrats, and citizens of a
free State, repudiate the doctrine that slavery is
an essential element of freedom, of progress, of
civilization, of refinement. We deny that this
institution has any sanction in our holy religion,
or that any denomination ofthe Christian Church
has, in any age, thrown over it its sacred mantle;
and being on the defensive, we content ourselves
with the mere denial, until evidence shall be ad-
duced which can challenge a reply. But while we
thus differ, and honestly differ,from our southern
brethren in the views upon this subject, each be-
lieving that we are right, why shall we continually
strive and wrangle over this difference? Why
shall we, as the Representatives of the people,
spend our time in useless discussion of a question
which we can never settle ? Why spend our en-
ergies in contending with each other for victory,
when a victory for either would be the ruin of
both ? Rather let us lay aside our weapons, and
seek to promote peace and harmony.
Having said thus much in reference to the in-
stitution of slavery, I shall now address myself
to the Kansas question. In approaching the argu-
ment of this question, I aver at the outset that I
shall contend for the admission of Kansas as a
State, and that upon the principle of popular sov-
ereignty. The territorial government of Kansas
was organized upon that principle. It was made
the corner-stone of her political edifice when she
was first raised to the dignity of a Territory, and
upon those principles alone c$n she ask for ad mis-
sion to the rank of a State. If her application
cannot bo sustained on these principles, she ought,
she must be rejected. Our first inquiry then nat-
urally is, what are we to understand by this term
popular sovereignty ? I understand It to be the
will of the whole people, in all matters relating to
the formation and regulation of the government
and laws of the State, expressed through the pre-
scribed forms of law. In more common phrase-
ology, it signifies the right of the people to govern
themselves according to law. You will observe
that this definition contemplates a law or govern-
ment ofsome kind precxistent to theexerciseof this
popular sovereignty. And hence, if it were to be
applied to a state of society anterior to any gov-
ernmental organization whatever, it would require
some modification; but as applicable to our con-
dition, whether territorial or State, it is sufficiently
accurate, and it is unnecessary for us to take up
the abstract idea, and ascertain whether or not
sovereignty is alienable, divisible, capable of being
delegated, and other similar questions which have
been raised in the course of this discussion. We
are not required because we use this term, popu-
lar sovereignty, to search after and ascertain its
original or essential meaning, and then test the
modus operandi of our Government by these prin-
ciples. Our Government is established. The
mode of its operation is established, and we use
the term as applicable to that form of government,
and that mode of operations. Whether this term
is the most precise and exact which could have
been selected to express the idea, is of no mo-
ment. Its meaning, I take it, is well settled and
clearly understood.
Ho w is this sovereignty expressed, or how is it
exercised under our form of government ? In the
election of public officers by the people, popular
sovereignty is exercised by the people directly
through the ballot-box. This is according to the
prescribed forms of law in the matter of electing
public officers. Popular sovereignty, as a law-
making power, is expressed through representa-
tives chosen by the people to act for them, and in
their stead. Law-making is an act of sovereign
power. Law is defined as " a rule of civil con-
duct prescribed by thesupreme power of the State,"
&c. This expression of popular sovereignty, or
of the will of the whole people, is also in accord-
ance with prescribed forms of law. In theory,
under our form of government, this sovereign, or
law-making power, is vested in the people, but it
can only be exercised through representatives
chosen by them, and these representatives for the
time being, hold the reins of sovereignty, and all
their acts within the scope of legislative authority
are binding upon the whole people, even if every
man, woman, and child in the State are opposed
to them.
Popular sovereignty in making constitu tions has,
by common consent and long established usage,
been exercised through delegates elected by the
people. These delegates derive their power di-
rectly from the people, and are amenable only
to them forits proper and faithful exercise. In the
matter of electing officers, voting being voluntary,
and no specific number being necessary to consti-
tute a quorum, it follows that those who vote are
in law regarded as the whole, and the will of the
legal majority of those who vote, whatever that
may be, is to all intents the legal will of the whole
people.
I have been thus particular, because I wish to
show, as I proceed, that in the matter of the form-
ation of the Lecompton constitution, all the re-
quirements of law have been complied with, and
every principle of popular sovereignty fully car-
ried out.
We will commence with the act providing for
the election of delegates to the constitutional con-
vention, assuming, on the authority of Governor
Walker and Secretary Stanton, leaving out all
higher authority, that the Territorial Legislature
was a legally-constituted body. The first ques-
tion that arises here is, had this Legislature legal
power to authorize this election ? 1 understand
the Kansas-Nebraska bill as conferring upon this
' Legislature all the ordinary powers of legislation.
If so, then, by the usage in almost every State
in the Union, they did possess this power; for
there is not a State the constitution of which has
been made or altered through a convention, which
did not initiate the proceedings by an act of the
Legislature, authorizing the election of delegates
to form, a convention. But as I design in this
matter to permit our enemies themselves to be our
judges, I shall here cite Secretary and acting Gov-
ernor Stanton, in his first address to the people of
Kansas, in which he says :
"The Government especially recognizes the territorial
act, which provides for assembling a convention tu form a
constitulion," &.e.
Governor Walker also, in his inaugural address,
speaking of this act, says that the Territorial Le-
gislature was clothed by the act of Congress,
" In the comprehensive language ofthe organic law, with
full power to make such an enactment. The Terutorial
Legislature, then, in assembling tins convention, were fully
sustained by the act of Congress."
Again, in the same address:
" But it is said that the convention is not legally called.1'
* * * * " The Territorial Legislature is the
power ordained fortius purpose, by the Congress ofthe Uni-
ted States; and in opposing it you resist the authority of the
Federal Government."
Here we have Governor Walker and Secreta-
ry Stanton, both officially averring the legality of
this act; and this I deem sufficient to establish
this point.
The next point to be settled is, was this terri-
torial act of the Legislature fair and just in its
provisions, and did it make the necessary pro-
visions for obtaining an expression of the will of
the whole people?
A reference to the act itself, a brief synopsis of
which I here incorporate in and make a part of
my remarks, will best and most satisfactorily
answer this question. This act provides that a
census and registration of all the white male per-
sons in said Territory over the age of twenty-one
years, citizens of the United States, shall be taken
within a specified time. This duty is to be per-
formed by the sheriffs of the counties. If the
sheriff's office becomes vacant, inspectors are to
be appointed by the judges, and in case of a va-
cancy in both offices, the Governor must appoint
some person to perform these duties. The regis-
tration being made, lists are to be put up in the
most public places in the precinct or election dis-
trict, and one list furnished to the probate judge.
The probate judge of each county is to hold court
daily for twenty days, for the purpose of correct-
