1858.
;fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
or known only by that same kind of evidence it-
self. It is found in books not written or pub-
lished under the usual sanctionsofforensiccourts.
It is traditionaly—lex non Scripta—and, like a|
ciiGiom, it is of the very essence of its validity i
that, in theory at least, it should have existed j
frcm a time. 1 r,hereof the memory of man runneth not •
to the contrary. But J pursue this inquiry no fur- i
th>n\ My purpose has been solely to meet and |
repel tho notion that this testimony is to be treated j
only with contempt. - !
I proceed now, Mr. Speaker, to what will, no j
doubt, be regarded by the lawyers in the House i
as of much more importance—I mean the parlia- ;
mentary and congressional precedents upon this !
subject. Sir, this is no longer an open question ■
in England. It was settled one hundred and fifty |
years ago, just as I claim it. It was the ancient
practice—it is the modern practice. On a single
shelf in your library are twenty-six volumes of
reports and treatises on election cases decided in i
the Parliament of Great Britain during that long: ;
period, from 1699 to 1853, presenting an almost !
unbroken array of authorities m favor of the ad-
missibility of this evidence. By resolution of the |
House of Commons in the great Grimsby case, j
in the former year, it was admitted; and again in j
the Bedfordshire case in 1715, by a vote of nine- j
ty-eight to sixty-six; and yet again in the York-
shire case in 1735, by a vote of one hundred and
eighty^one to one hundred and fifty-two, the peti-
tioner was allowed to give in evidence of what a
voter confessed of his having no freehold, who,
at the election, had sworn that he had. Subse-
quent to these decisions a new mode of conduct-
ing contested elections was instituted by the Gren-
viile act of 1772—a mode continued substantially
till to-day. By that act, election committees are
made a sort of judicial tribunal, acting under spe- j
cial oath, and deciding the case in secret and by |
ballot; but before whom counsel, and oftentimes !
the ablest lawyers of the realm, are heard. Forty- :
nine members are selected by lot; and from this
list, thus chosen, each party strikes a name al-
ternately till thirteen remain. These constitute .
the committee, and a separate committee is selected
in each case. Regular reports, as in courts of
common law, have been preserved of the decisions
of these committees. I select cases from the ear-
liest, the middle, and the latest of these reports.
From the Worcester case, decided in 177G, I read
the following:
"The counsel for the fritting members objected, m the
beginningo' the cause. to the admission of evidence to prove
the declaration? of voters that they had been biibed, and,
thorefoie, under the bribery act, forfeited the right of suf-
frage.
" The committee, however, admitted such evidence a«
against the voteis themselves, so as to annultheh vote6, but
not as against the fitting members so as to disqualify them."
—3 Dougl. Elec. Case*, 276.
Again, from the Leominster case, in 1796, I
read the following:
" Francis Weaver was objected to by the sitting member
for having received pan h relief within the year, and thus,
a^ being a pauper, not qualified to vote; and John Gethin
was called to prove a confession of Weavei made after the
election, that his wife had been relieved by tbcpansh. This
was objected to as being subsequent to the election ; it being
thus impliedly conceded that if made before, it would be
admissible. But tho committee resolved,' that the decla-
ration of a voter which tends to destroy his vote, is admis-
sible, whether made before or after the election, unless
that declaration goes to affect the voter with penal conse-
quences.' "—2 Peckw. Elee. Cases, 296.
But as will presently appear, the distinction
here taken by the committee lias since been over-
ruled.
Again: from the Ipswich borough case, in 1835,
I read the following:
" In this case (Brown's vote) the voter was objected to
by the petitioner, on the ground of biibeiv, and m the
comae of the investigation, a que,->tion was put to the wit-
ness who came to piove the declarations of the voter a^ to
his being bubeO, what was the puipoit of the cox tain conver-
sations he had with the votei relative to a bill. The ques-
tion having been objected to, and counsel heaid on both
side*, the committee resolved, k that evidence of deelaia-
tions of voters in the admission of bubary, whether before,
ihi>in ,0) ujtei the clertion, is admissible.5 The vote was
ultimately stiuek off the poll.''—Knapp <$• Omhl. Election
Cases, pages 387, 338.
And the same decision was made upon another
vote in the same case. And yet againfrom the
county of Carlow contested election, in 1S37, I
read the following:
">Jr. Maule objected that declaudior.s of JobnNowlan
wo.ie not evidence against the fritting member. * *
"Mr. Tliesigrer, [recently elevated to the Loid^ High
Chancellorship ol England,] m reply, said : 1 In the teoiuh-
ampton case, it was held that evidence ma> be given oi uic
declaration of a per.-on even after voting, though it may
tend to affect him with penal consequences; the dividing
point was there' made at the lime of striking the ballot. In
the Ripon case, the voter had stated to two persons in the
months of June and July, 1832, that he had no vote, and
that his aunt was tenant of ihe house ; the election took
place in the beginning of 1833, and the declarations were
held admissible. A voter who hasvoted for the sitting mem-
ber, is always considered as a party, and it is on that ground
tyat his declarations ure admissible. The question is always
considered to be between the voter and the party gucstiowins,
his vote, and not merely between the sitting member and the
■uctUioncrThe committee resolved that the evidence be
Falc. Fitzh. Election Cases, page 72.
■petitioner.
received.5
And the same ruling was adopted in two cases
in 1842, in 1843, in two cases in 1848, and finally
in tho St. A Iban's case in 1851. And between the
first of these decisions in 1699, and the last, seven
years ago, I find and refer to tho following addi-
tional cases also:
[Mr. Valtandtgham here read a list of cases
winch, with the others above cited, and the ref-
erences, will be found m the appendix to this
speech.]
Here then, sir, are thirty-six cases in all,run-
ning through a period of one hundred and fifty
years, presenting thus an array of authorities
scarce ever found on any subject in any court.
And besides all these, in the treatises "upon this
subject by Simeon, Chambers, Male, Rogers,
Montague and Neale, Clerk, and Samuel Warren
—the last as late as 1853—this evidence is recog-
nized by all ms admissible in every case of scrutiny
of the pollr or election contested because of illegal
votes; and one of the latest of these writers ex-
pressly says, that in such cases " the statements
of voters are not open to objection as hearsay, as
they are looked upon then as parties to the suit."
And so they all say. I find also the same doc-
trine—though founded upon but a very small part
of the authorities to which I have referred, and
they the earlier—laid down ma note by the learned
reporter, m 3 McCord's South Carolina Reports,
230-233:
"The following heads maybe made when declarations
(oi hearsay) may be given in evidence, namely. A *
il'l. The declaiations of a vo'er may be given in evidence
to set aside the election; as to dimmish the poll by taking
an incompetent vote oft, or to prove bribery, &c ; but they
are riot admi^ible on a charge against the candidate for
bnbery, &c. They are admitted to annul votes, but not to
set aside the election by disqualifying the member on ac-
count ot Ins bnbery," &e.
Finally, sir, it is recognized and adopted as
.sound law—though founded again upon but a small
part of the authorities I have cited, and they again
the earlier, and confined here to but a single class
among those cases where it is admitted—in that
standard practical treatise upon evidence by Phil-
lips, with Cov/en & Hill's notes, more weighty
and valuable even than the text. From the third
volume, page 322,1 read the following:
"7. Another exception to the rule that hearsay is not
evidence, lias been adopted in summary inquiries into the
validity of elections to the Legiflature, on complaint that
votes were obtained by bnbeiy. The declarations of voters
maybe received as evidence of the bribery. This i-=, how-
ever, only to (/mini votes, but not to sustain a Ui.iiL'e of
bnbery against the candidate, with a view to disqualify or
affect lum, otherwise than by vacating his election."
I trust now, Mr. Speaker, that this long series
j of adjudications by the Parliament of Great Bnt-
!| am, the high character of the committees, the great
j rnen—someof them ofhistoricrenown—who have
'i composed these committees, the yet greater law-
ilycrs who have practiced before them, and the
!l high authorities by which their rulings have been
• ■ recognized, are enough, in the judgment of tho
i| House, not only to rescue this evidence from the
If contempt* with which it has sometimes been
j I treated, but to establish, beyond all doubt, that it
l| is the right and the duty of the House to receive
|! and act upon it.
ji I pass now, sir, to the American precedents;
i! and here a new or additionaiapplication, in part,
!l of the rule is, in some cases, presented. In Eng-
ji land, as in several of the States of this Union,
r elections arc now, as they always have been,rjra
!i voce. Proof of the declarations of voters as to
\ \ how they voted can, in such cases, rarely become
•j necessary, and hence the decisions and author-
;! ities there, of course, do not often present this
I j application of the rule. But, in every instance
ii where the question has arisen,as m the Windsor
i] case, in 1807, where, by mistake, the poll-lists
!| failed to show for whom the voter challenged had
|| voted, the evidence has been received just as in
ji any other case. And, besides, the nature of the
j| evidence is orecisely the same. It is equally hear-
say, if at all. But the voters being parties to-1 the
proceeding, any declarations or admissions made
by them, pertinent to the issue, are equally ad-
missible; and accordingly the distinction doss not
appear ever to have been set up.
I have already quoted from the speech of Smith
of South Carolina, in 1793, upon this question." I
refer also,iu brief, to the cases of Kelly and Har-
ris, in 1813; Easton and Scott, in 1816; Reed and
Cosden,in 1821; Letcher and Moore, in 3834j in
all of which this question was considered, and the
evidence, with or without qualification, received;
and 1 find no case where, as to either qualifica-
tion or vote, it has been wholly rejected, except
Newland and Graham, in 1835. But subsequent
to this came up the great New Jersey " Broad -
Seal case" of 1840, when-the direct question,
especially as to the vote, was considered, and scl-
; emnly decided unanimously by the committee. I
read from the report of the majority, as follows:
"Although in numerous instances the voter being exam-
ined as a witness, voluntarily disclosed the character oi ma
vote, yet in marry cases he either did not appear, or appear-
ing chose to avail himself of his legal right to refuse an an-
swer on that point. In such cases the proof of general*ep-
resentation as to the political character of the voter, and as
to the party to which he belonged at the time of the election,
has been considered sufficiently demonstrative of the c*yn-
plexion o f his vote. Where no sucn proof was adduced on
either side, proof of the declarations of the voter has
been received, the date and all the circumstances of Mick
declarations being considered as connecting themselves
with the questions of credibility and sufficiency. In «very
instance where the proofs under all the circumstances were
not sufficient to prove conviction, the vote has been left un-
appropriated "—House Reports, 1839-40, No. .'541, page
From the report of the minority, page 749, I
read the following:
" If an unlawful vote be cast, how are we to ascertain
who had the benefit of such vote? his obvious that in
many cases it will be impracticable to obtain positive pi oof.
tn some cased the voter may be willing to appear and dis-
close the fact undei oath; in other ca^es it may be m the
power of the party to produce a witness who can sweai to
the character of the vote given ; but in many more no 'evi-
dence of tl^at description can be obtained to ascertain the
fact in contioveisy. It seems to the undersigned to be main-
pernable to receive secondary evidence—[c substitutionary3
they should have said, for it is not secondary in a technical
sense, being the confession or admission of a party]—to this
point, sueh"a<5 the declaration of the voter, either at the
election oi soon after, and also proof of his political charac-
ter, 'which, w.hen well defined, will be a pufficient guide to
the inith. But we ought to be vcrv careful not to leceivo
and act upon evidence of an equivocal chaiacter, which
may have been created or manufactured for tho occasion."
Such, Mr. Speaker, was the solemn and delib-
erate decision, unanimously, of the ablest and per-
haps the most partisan election committee ever
appointed—a committee which agreed in scarcs
anything else—and certainiyin the most bitterly
contested partisan election case ever brought into
the Halls of Congress—a committee numbering
among its members John Campbell of South Car-
olina, Truman Smith of Connecticut, Governor
Medill ofOhio,.Tohn M. Botts of Virginia, Aaroti
Y. Brown of Tennessee, and Millard Fillmore of
Now York And the precedentthus established by
them—I say established, for if ever a congressional
precedent can be regarded as authority, this is the
highest—has been generally approved and acqui-
esced in ever since. It has never been overruled
by either a committee or the House; and never
but once~in the last Congress—has a contrary
doctrine been suggested, and that in a minority
report, and in a case where but one vote was in-
volved; where the question was not discussed;
where no authorities, not one, appear to have been
examined; and where also, as to that single vote,
there was hearsay upon hearsay offered as proof.
'• But, upon the o*her hand, this New Jersey pre-
cedent was distinctly approved by the minority
of the committee, in Farlee and Runk inl$46,and
i; Munroe and Jackson is 1848; and in neither case
; questioned by the majority.
'<\ I come now, Mr. Speaker, to the second pof U
I which I proposed to discuss. Sixteen " mulattoes
! and persons of color" are proved to have voted
I at the election here controverted. The report ot
i the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar]
I finds that fifteen of these persons (one being left
• unappropriated) voted for the returned member,
and deducts them from his poll. The separate re-
port of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Har-
ris,] upon the ground of alleged want ot evidence
as to the others, deducts only one; while the other
adverse report, by the member from North Car-
olina silently refuses to deduct any of these six-
teen. It ignores the whole question of eolored
voters, assigning no reason for the refusal to de-
