is;> s.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....]st Sess.
Admission o f Kansas—Mr. Leidij.
257
Ho. of Reps.
ing these returns, during which time every voter
is privileged to have his name entered upon the
list if not thereon, by nraking application, and
any other error in the registration to be corrected.
When the lists are thus corrected, they are to be
sent to the Governor, who is to apportion the
delegates, giving to the whole Territory sixty
delegates, to be equally apportioned among the
several counties. Every bona fide inhabitant of
the Territory over twenty-one years of age, who
is a citizen of the United States, within the county
for three months next preceding, shall be entitled
to vote at this election; provided, however, that
none shall vote whose names do not appear upon
the lists; and seveie penalties are imposed for
illegal voting or hindering others from voting;
also, for any fraud or illegality on the part of the
officers. The Slate is then divided by the act into
nineteen districts.
Now, sir, is not this act full and fair in all its
provisions, in all its requirements? Does it not
make ample provision for the exercise of the sover-
eign will of the people of Kansas m the selection
of their delegates ? Is any one who should have
a right to participate in this election excluded by
the law? I hold here the act itself; and if any
gentleman can find in it one unjust provision, or
any that will hinder a full and free expression of
the will of the people, I shall be obliged to him
if he will now and here point it out to me.
But here, again, sir, we have the benefit of the
judgment of our opponents; Secretary Stanton,
m his address before referred to, says:
" That act is regarded as pro renting the only test of the
qualification of voier> for delegates to the convention ; a ui
all ptecedmij repugnant ie-.trictions are thereby lepeaied.
iii this light, the act must be allow od to have piovided J-jt
a full and Jair cjpicv.itHi ojthe will oj the people."'
Governor Walker, in his inaugural address,
says:
<k The people of Kansas, then, are invited hv the highest
authoiity known to the Constitution to participate freely
arid faii'ly m the election of delegates to fonn a constitu-
tion and State government. The law [meaning tins law]
haft peifbimed entire appiopnate (unctions when it cx-
tends. to the people the i uiht of Mini age ; bur it cannot com-
pel tile perlorinauee of that duty.'5
Again, in the same address:
u] see in this act calling a convention no improper oi
unconstitutional re^tnctiohs on the i i ht of sull'iaire. 1 see
In if no te-.t oath-, 'ii othei Mimiai pioviMons, objected to in
lel'UMii to ptevions laws.''
Here, then, wo arc fully sustained by both
Governor Walker and Secretary Stanton in affirm-
ing the justness and fairness of this law; and i do
not conceive it necessary to add anything in sup-
port of their opinion, either by way of argument
or authority.
Having thus, I think, fully established the va-
lidity and the fairness of the act, we next come
to the registration and enumeration of the voters.
We find in the act thirty-four counties named,
(it is said there were thirty-eight, but I suppose
the four were omitted because there were no in-
habitants,) and formed into districts. A census
was taken, a registration was made, and returned
to the acting Governor. Tnis registration was
made by the proper oilicers designated by the act
to perform their duties. And we arc bound to pre-
sume, in the absence of all proof, or even allega-
tion to the contrary, that tiie h&ts weie duly re-
turned to the probate judges; that they held their
courts during the twenty days allowed for the
eoirection of returns; and that the lists had been
put up in public places in the several election dis-
tricts,as required bylaw. This is apiesumption
of law, by which we are bound. One filing is
certain as a fact, a matter of record: that m nine-
teen of these counties a registration was made, as
appears by the returns which were made to Gov-
ernor Stanton, and which lie accepted and made
the basis of his apportionment of delegates to the
convention. These returns show in these nine-
teen counties nine thousand two hundred and fifty-
one resist ?red voters You will observe here that
these are the official returns corrected by the
probate judges, and by them presented to acting
Governor Stanton. These returns, after being
examined by Mr. Stanton, and found to be in
compliance with the requirements of law, were
maue the basis of his apportionment of the dele-
gates to the convention. He made this apportion-
ment, giving to the counte s which had sent in
r- i^rm3, 'he whole nvn.Vr -;f <\> ]> rate? which the
law authorized, and disregarding the several coun-
ties from which no returns had been received. So
far, I think,we have the proceedings strictly legal.
I have said nothing about frauds, because up to
this time no frauds had been alleged. I shall
notice these frauds, however, in their proper
place.
The next step is 'the election of delegates to the
constitutional convention. This took place on
the third Monday of June. Prior to this election,
the Topekaites, and the free-State men generally,
had resolved not to participate in the election.
They had hitherto refrained from taking any part
in the administration of the government, except
to resist its authority, and they were determined
to carry out their plans. This was a matter of
public notoriety. In their newspapers, at their
public meetings, in private, and in public, they
expressed this determination. And much of the
efforts of both Stanton and Walker werednected
to this point, to prevail upon the people to attend
the election and vote for delegates. The day of
election came, and the delegates were elected. Only
twenty-two hundred votes were polled. We are
told that this election was carried by fiaud. But
I appeal to gentlemen to know if there is any pie-
tense that the delegates who composed the con-
vention did not receive a majority of the legal
votes cast at that election 5 Did any one preteud
so then ? Does any one pretend now that these
men were elected by illegal votes? Has it ever
been asset ted, here or elsewhere., that the Toprka
party at that election polled more U<:al votes than
their opponents ? No such thing. They refused
to attend the election. They reh vd to vote. Tl.ey
refused to puitjcipate in this e\er< ise of populai
sovereignty. And why w;i-' it? Was it because
they were not re^Utered ? There were nine thou-
sand two hundred and ftjhj-onc voters legistercd m
the nineteen counties, and only two thousand two
hundred votes polled at thatch ction. Where were
the other seven thousand r Were they kept away
from the polls through fear of violence ? Where
is the evidence of any offer, of any attempt, at vio-
lence? Where is the evidence that any free-State
man presented himself at the polls that day whose
vote was rejected for any cause, or whose right
to vote was challenged ? Will any gentleman here
assert that these seven thousand voters were pre-
vented from voting at that election by the other
party? If there is no suche\idence, if th-re is no
such allegation, then we are again bound to pre-
sume that they did not vote because they were
determined not to vote. And the facts, are as I
have before stated, and as wax notorious at the
time, that these men, by a general understanding
and agreement among themselves, absented them-
selves from the polls, and tliUo lef.ised to have any
voice in the formation of their State constitution.
And this, again, is fully corroborated by Governor
Stanton m his last message to the Legislature at
the extra session, on the 8th of December, 1857.
He there says:
u That the ic/uml of the majonty to go mto the election
lor delegate- \va- enfoiiunate ^newton appai < utto be de-
nied. it fill.'- icni-ai ] hav produced ah the eviK and dan-
gei nfthe pi't^ent <:> meat horn It henahl"d a bed\ of
men, not (u-ti-u'lv representing the opinion-.-. of the people,
though fC'.i'jiarlu an-t legitimately [in.uk the language]
clothed Willi Ikcir ouihonhj. to piepatc lor them a form oi
govei nmeut."
Upon whom docs Governor Stanton charge this
result? Docs he, when speaking officially—when
putting his language upon the record—does he
then eimjjo it upon the Lecomptomtes ? Does
he then teil the free-State rn< ;i lint they were
wronged, that they were hYuulnle.i ly prevented
from voting, that they were kept i\oni the polls
by violence? No, sir. He Nays to tuern, you,
constituting the majority of the people, rcjWed to
vote at that election: you, by this refused, have
brought upon yourselves, upon the Territory of
Kansas, upon ynnr -"ounrry, all the evils and dan-
gers of this critical hour; and, in the same mes-
sage. he also says:
u if th'i= nupeai-. that m the election of ir)th June la^t for
delegates to tlie convention, the great mas> oi ;he people
jiurpoHel./1oft?oned irom \ our. 5, and letc the whole pmcei d-
in<r, with its important eoarctpieneo. to the active minor-
ity.
Now, sir, in the face of all this we shall require
some strung testimony to satisfy us that the elec-
tion wes not le:--J!y conducted. We shall want
something beside.! a!'e. at: me, We shall n in-
facts, well-authenticated facts, to satisfy us that
the free-State men refrained from voting at that
election because they were not permitted to vote.
We will not, upon mere rumor or hearsay, con-
vict Governor Stanton of falsehood when he states
that it was their own fault, their own perverse-
ness. And if these men, the majority, did "pur-
posely refrain from voting;" did " refuse to go
into election;" did " leave the whole proceeding,
with all its important consequences, to the active
minority;" then, I ask, was there anything im-
proper, was there anything illegal, was there any-
thing fraudulent, in the fact that this active mi-
nority, who attended to their duties, earned this
election? It is surprising that, with such testi-
mony before us, wo should find honorable gentle-
men upon this floor coolly charging the results of
this election to the frauds and the violence of the
successful party; but it is still more surprising
that Governor Stanton himself, after having thus
put himself on the record, written down his tes-
timony and signed it with his own hand, that he
should turn around and join in this cry of frauds.
But it is alleged that the free-State men weie
not registered, that in a number of the counties
no registry was made, and that even in those in
which it was made, the free-Stato voters were pur-
posely omitted. Now, the first answer to this is
that the law provided the means for the correction
of this wrong, so far as relates to the counties in
which returns were made. There the persons not
registered, or their friends, had a right to go be-
fore the probate judge and have the returns cor-
rected, by adding such names as had been omit-
ted, and erasing such as were fraudulent. The
lists of voters were put up in the district, that
every man might s^e whether his name and the
name of his neighbor were upon it, and if not,
might, w'thin the time proscribed by law, have it
placed there. He could also see if names of per-
sons not residents of the district had been placed
thereon, and by making proof of the fact require
the judge to erase them. And 1 hold that it was
his dalyto do this; that it was every man's duty
to know that his name was upon the proper list.
I believe that it is the duty of every man to vote.
The price of liberty is eternal vigilance, and the
man v/ho will re^hgontly or perversely disfran-
chise himself, or allow himself to be disfranchised"
by others, wrongs himself, wrongs Ins children,
wrongs his country.
Mr. Chairman, if it were even true that tli's
inaccuracy in the registration of voters existed to
the extent churned, and that the inaccuracy was
occasioned by the fraudulent intent of the officers
taking the census, in older to keep these men
from voting, it could not invalidate the election.
And especially would this be so in this case,
whore ample provision was made by law for the
persons thus disfranchised to protect themselves,
by having the lists corrected, as I before stated
But I do not wish to rest this case upon mere le-
gal technicalities. 1 wish to show that law and
justice in this case go hand in hand. I want to
show hcie that the reason why a portion of the
free-State men in these counties were not regis-
tered was because they were unwilling to be so
registered. And though this might be fairly pre-
sumed from the fact that they made no exertions
to have it done, yet we will strengthen this pre-
sumption, and establish the fact by the testimony
of Governor Stanton. In his last message, be-
fore referred to, he says:
' In eon-sequence of tips embittered fcchiur, and the mu-
tual di^tru-t naunalh thetehv (-rcendeied, one of lite pas -
tie-s, eoi -.Hiuinis' a mainly of iho p-jopk\ t.o.iined
:ilnio-,t cniisely i.oni any pniueipuioi! in the proceedings
p'oiiUUed aodvi the law afore-aid. The cen-us tbeiem
piov.dul for wa*. impmeetty oatamed f;om an viuilUug
people oi nineteen counties of the Temtoiv."
" An unwilling people." Here is the answer
to the charge of fraud. Here is the explanation
of the cause of these imperfections m the census
returns. The free-State men (for it will not be
pietended that the Governor refers to the other
party) were unwilling to be registered, and those
of them who were placed upon the list were placed
there against their will. Tins is turther sustained
and corroborated by the fact that those who weie
registered refrained from voting. I think I have
now fdiiiy disposed of the counties in which a
registration was had, and will now proceed to re-
TKtr); u*hc <"her counties A'ui fuvt, let u<3
