THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty■-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 8, 3858.
New Series....No. 14.
lied, both from the past career of the President of
the United States in the councils of the country,
as well as from the development of his policy m
his annual message, that, with regard to Central
America, he is fully alive to all the interests of
our people, so far as they are involved or connect-
ed with those Republics, and with the isthmus,
as the great highway of a large portion of the com-
merce of the world. The Executive has shown
every disposition, by the formation of treaties,
by the cultivation of kind and fraternal relations
with those people, and those Governments, to
aid in Americanizing, as far as it is possible to
do so, that isthmus, so as to secure to our com-
mence and to our people all the various advant-
ages which peace and neutrality and friendship
on the part of the Republics of Central America
can secure to us. While this is the case, is it
anythingotherthan madness, is it anything other
than treason to the best interests of the country, for
men to organize lawless expeditions for the pur-
pose of going to those territories and making war
there upon their own account, embroiling our coun-
try in new controversies, setting pernicious pre-
cedents, to other nations, our rivals with reference
to Central America, and to the commerce which
is to pas? over it ?
Sir, our Government has made a pledge before
the whole world that it disavows these expedi-
tions; that it regards them as against our own
laws, and as against the laws of nations, and it
has pledged its faith that it will exert its whole
power to arrest them, to put them down, to pre-
vent their consummation. Shall the faith of our
Government be maintained? Or shall it bo said
by other nations, as it has been said, that we are
not sincere m this pledge; that we are false in these
professions; that these expeditions are connived
at; that they are condemned on paper, but that
they are encouraged in fact ? Sir, let us not court
any such dishonor for our Government and our
people by censuring the officers of our INavy who
act m good faith in carrying out what they believe
and know, and what they have reason to know,
to be the earnest wish of the Government.
Sir, the Executive is charged with the conduct
of our foreign relations. In accordance with the
theory of our Government, while the whole re-
sponsibility of initiating and conducting to suc-
cessful issues our intercourse and relations with
foreign countries is imposed upon the Executive,
it is necessary, it is demanded by constitutional
obligations and by comity between one branch of
the Government and another, that the Executive
responsibility should not be impaired on the one
hand, and its power not be destroyed upon the
other, by an improper, an unjust, an ungenerous
interference with its duty—and with its fair and
faithful discharge of that duty—by Congress.
We rightfully hold the Executive responsible to
see to it that the interests of our people, of our
commerce, of our trade, are protected m Central
America. We hold it responsible for the making
of treaties with the Republics there, by which the
various routes on the isthmus shall be maintained
and kept open to our commerce and trade. We
hold it responsible to see that peace is preserved
-there, at least so far as any act of foreign aggres-
sion may disturb the peace of the isthmus. We
hold it responsible for seeing to it that no foreign
nation shall interfere, either by filibustering on
private account or aggressions on Government
account, with the rights of our citizens in Central
America. And, sir, while we hold the Executive
justly to this large and high responsibility, at
least, let us always accord to it our confidence in
its wisdom, sincerity, and patriotism; and, also,
to the officers of our Navy, who are invested with
great official responsibilities upon a distant ser-
vice, a like correctness of motive and a like loy-
altyjUntil the proofs displayed before us inex-
orably force us to a different conclusion.
Mr. BLISS. Mr. Chairman, it is very evident,
and necessarily so, that the committee are not now
prepared to go on with the discussion of this ques-
tion. I do not rise for the purpose of discussing
the question that has occupied the attention of
14
gentlemen here, yesterday and to-day; and if the
committee desire to vote upon the pending amend-
ment, and then pass from this resolution to the
consideration of the other resolutions relating to
the President's message, I will yield the floor for
that purpose.
It is intimated to me, sir, that other gentlemen
desire to speak upon this question, and knowing
the difficulty, under our rules, of getting the floor
whenever the most proper time comes, I shall
proceed to the consideration of the subject that I
design to discuss. My object, Mr. Chairman, is
to call the attention of the committee and the
country to another question, one that deeply agi-
tates the country—not the froth and outlaws of
the cities—but the great hearts of those who love
justice and are interested in the preservation of
free institutions.
Since the last Congress, the country has been
startled by a political opinion of our Supreme
Court, known as the Dred Scott decision, that
makes it doubtful whether we have not already
relapsed into despotism. The President indorses
it, and I am informed that the Departments base
their official action upon it, and it is for this I
now and here arraign it. The irregularity of that
opinion; the absurdity of turning a man out of
court for want of jurisdiction, and then giving
judgment against him on the merits; the anoma- j
lous character of its reasoning; its disregard of the j
rights of the States, the rights of man, and the ]
truth of history ; its reckless partisanship and !
eager malice, form the saddest chapter in modern j
jurisprudence. I ordinarily feel bound to tieat i
judicidl opinions with respect, though they dis- j
agree with mine. But, while I remember that the i
meanest tyrants the world has known have been ]
the sworn expounders of the law, I can have no |
reverence for men merely as judges; and if they I
descend from their high calling as protectors of i
liberty and law, to become their betrayers, their
position shall not screen their double treachery
from just scrutiny.
This court is itself a democratic anomaly—a
solecism, as Jefferson called it. Its conduct has
vindicated the democratic principle, so strangely
departed from in its organization, and I hope for
the cooperation of the Democracy here in sup-
port of the bill which I hope to introduce for the
curtailment of its overgrown powers. Without
a show of reason, in face of all law, all authority,
a sectional, irresponsible body, a body blind with
prejudice, if no worse, representing nothing but a
despotic interest, and gathered together, by long
and careful labor and sifting,for the express pur-
pose of serving that interest; trusting to their ir-
responsibility, and callous to the opinion of man-
kind, this body, to the extent of its power, lias
overthrown the law of citizenship, and published
pages of gross and illegal dicta upon the law of
slavery. This decision and this dicta have been
triumphantly answered by the minority of the
court, and by distinguished citizens of the States;
yet, I feel impelled, as the Representative of a
people burning with a sense of outraged justice,
to enter their and my indignant protest.
With the reproduction of the novelties of the
propagandists, to digest which, for the future
shibboleth of the slave Democracy was this dicta
uttered, I shall not now meddle. I have before
considered these novelties; I may do so ay;ain;
but my object now is to examine as fully as your
oppressive rules will permit, what I understand to
be the decision of the court. I feel especially im-
pelled to this course now, because some gentlemen
seem fearful of being suspected of concern for the
rights of blacks, and the attention of others seem
diverted from this insidious and most dangerous
attack, by the enemy's fresh attempts to enslave
our own territories, and rob, to enslave, those of
our neighbors.
And in view ofsome disclaimers, here and else-
where, upon one matter I wish to be distinctly un-
derstood. Whatever my philosophy in regard to
races, it has no business here. However I may
deprecate the unwise efforts of some friends of
freedom, I reserve my censures for them and in.
their own presence. But here, under the shadow
of a despotic interest, a corporation compared to
which a union of all the banks in Amcrica under
a single directory,condensed from a thousand Bid-
dies, would be but a gentle monster, where it so
often frightens cowards and scourges slaves, I
scorn to say or do aught that may imply a doubt of
my living sympathy with the crushed subjects of
its power, or with any who manfully withstand it.
And I pray not to be suspected of that spurious
philanthropy, atheistic Christianity, or false De-
mocracy, that is indifferent to the wrongs of any
class. As a Christian, I believe that God is our
common Father; that " he has made of one blood
all nations of men to dwell on all the face of the
earththat Christ is the elder brother as well of
the Ethiopian and Saxon, as his own race, and that
as we treat the leastof these his brethren, we treat
him. Asa Democrat, I believe in the equality of
all men before the law, and that human rights per-
tain to human nature. Asa legislator, a dispenser
of justice, so far from discriminating against the
.helpless and weak, if I found one man, or class of
men, more helpless or more subject to popular
prejudice, for his or their benefit alone would I
favor class legislation or judicial leaning. The
strong can protect themselves; the weak need the
prop, and the defenseless the shield. And when
men tell me here, or through their co-workers in
yonder vault, of the dependence of the Africo-
American, or of the rapidly increasing class of
Atrico-European blood, I would not, hence, forbid
him letters, forbid him property, forbid him all
opportunity and manly motive, but would more
sedulously guard his rights, more patiently de-
velop his manhood. Let the tyrant slander his
victim and excuse his tyranny by its own effects,
but let no Christian or Democrat thus defile the
inner sanctum of his faith.
This court has undertaken to outlaw a large
class of free American citizens. By its wickcdedict
theyare, for the first time, turned outof the Fed-
eral courts; banished the public domain by deny-
ing preemptions; robbed of their property in in-
ventions by refusing patents; cut off from foreign
travel, except as permanent wanderers, without
nationality; and deprived of every constitutional
guarantee of personal rights. It has hardly been
surpassed m atrocity since that celebrated revo-
cation, consigning the Protestants of France to
dungeons or exile, or those black enactments
outlawing the Catholics of Ireland; and I thank
God for putting it into the heads of the weak men
who issued it, to attempt to justify their act, to
lay bare their nakedness, that the shock given
our moral sense by the edict itself may be avenged
by ourcontemptforits patent malice and the weak
and far-fetched reasons which sustain it.
We are told in substance, in this opinion, that
the descendants of African slaves cannot be citi-
zens of the United States; that though they may
be citizens of each State, yet, by some unwritten
understanding, they were intended to be excluded
from the operation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; were not in that instrument referred
to as either people or citizens; and no State can
make them general citizens.
Passing for a time the falsehood of the assumed
fact, I will first inquire into the nature of citizen-
ship, and especially that of the United States, and
the power of the States over it.
Confusion in the meaning of the term citizen is
often created by referring toits use in the old Re-
publics. The words translated citizen were origin-
ally used to designate the privileged inhabitants
of the chief city and their immediate descendants.
Aristotle, the apostle of conservative democracy,
defines a citizen to be one born of citizen parents,
who has a right to participate in the judicial and
executive part of government. He condemns their
engaging* in servile employment; '* For," says he,
" it is impossible for one who lives the life of a
mechanic or lured servant, to practice a life of
virtue." (Aris. on Gov.,b. 3.) The citizens of
the Grecian Republics were but a minority of the
people of even the ruling city, and though Rome
greatly extended citizenship beyond the narrow
