1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24.
"WITHDRAWAI. OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That Benjamin Arnold have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
Mr. GWIN. I have received a letter from a
member of the other House, asking me to have
the papers in the case of Joseph J. Petrie with-
drawn from the files, and transmitted to him as
a member of the House of Representativesforthe
purpose of presentiiigftliem to that body.' I find
there has been an idy^fse report made on the
claim in the Senate. 1 Btete that fact, and ask the
privilege of the Senate to •Withdraw the papers,
in order that they may be presented in the House
of Representatives.
Mr. STUART. I should like to inquire of the
honorable Senator if he has any information from
that member as to whether there is any additional
testimony in the case ?
Mr. GWIN. All the information I have is con-
tained in the letter, in which the writer says: " I
desire, if nothing definite has been done, that you
■withdraw all the papers, that I may- get them
acted on in some way"—I presume, before the
House. This gentleman, when the papers were
presented some years since, was a citizen of Cal-
ifornia. He is now a citizen of Illinois. He
wishes thepapers'togo into the hands of his Rep-
resentative. I was called upon this morning to
have the papers transferred to him.
Mr. STUART. I understand the Senator to
say that there was an adverse report.
Mr. GWIN. Yes; I make that statement to
the Senate in order tint they may judge whether
they will permit the papers to be withdrawn. It
was proper that I should make such a state-
ment.
Mr. STUART. I shall not object under the
circumstances; but as a general thing, I think it
is bad policy to allow papers to be transferred
from one House to the other 111 this way. I shall
make no objection here.
Leave to withdraw the papers was granted.
REPORT? OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Military All airs and Militia, to whom
was referred the petition of J. W. ilrown, sub-
mitted an adverse report, and asked to lie dis-
charged from the further consideration of the ease;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William P. Russell,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the papers relating to the claim of
CaptainGeorgcE.iMcClelland's company of Flor-
ida volunteers, aski d to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject; which was
agieed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Robert A. Waiuwright, submitted an adverse
report; which was nidered to be printed.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Martin Hubbard, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to lie printed.
Mr. IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was leferred the petition of Mary IS.
Iionner, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom were referred the pe-
tition of citizens of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, and the resolution of the corporation of
Washington, m relation to hshting certain streets
in that city with gas; joint resolution of the cor-
E oration 111 relation to opening and grading of
lassachusett-s avenue; and a memorial of a com-
mittee of the levy court for the county of Wash-
ington, m the District of Columbia, asking for an
appropriation for certain roads 111 said county on
certain conditions, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, Aom the same committee, to whom
was refeired the bill (S. No. 197) providing for
the arrest and return of fugitives from justice in
the District of Columbia, reported it without
amendment.
Mi. SIMMONS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was refeired the petition of Jo-
seph C. Cr. Kennedy, relativs to the salary of the
secretary of the census board, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 212) for the relief
of Joseph C. G. Kennedy. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of*H. O'Rielly, J. J. Speed, andT. P.
Shaffner, have authorized me to submit a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 211) to facilitate-
communication with the army in Utah. I ought
to state that the committee were equally divided
in regard to it, and the bill is reported by the
courtesy of the members of the committee op-
posed to the object of it. The bill authorizes the
Secretary of War to make a contract for laying
down a telegraph line from the frontiers of the
State of Missouri to the Territory of Utah. I ask
that it be read and the report printed.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
BURLINGTON CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to;
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquiie into the expediency of making an appropriation
of the sum of $7,000, to fence, and guide the gioutuls, and
to fimush the buildings erected at Buiiington, Veimont, for
a cu^tom-liouse ami post office.
Mr. FOOT also submitted a paper on the sub-
ject; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
SEIZURE OF BRIG MACEDONIA.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolrcd, That the President be requested, it it be in his
judgment not incompatible with the public interest, to com
mtiuieate to the Senate the conopondenee between the
Government of Chili and that of the United Staler, and
oihci document on fib* m the Dc|i<u tmcnt of State, in re!a
turn to the seizino by the authoi mes of Chili, at Liuna, in
l'eiu, of the pioceeds of the eaiso of the bug Macedonia,
ilie property of citizens of tne United States.
DIFFICULTIES IN UTAH.
3\lr. FITCH submitted the foil owing-resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Rcsolred, That the Committee on the Judieiaiy be in-
structed to inquire mto the expediency of su pen<hii<.t the
territorial laws of Utah, during the present diiFieuluos in
that Teniioiy, and repoitmg, in lieu of the law* thus sus-
pended, «aich temporary laws as the present exigency o! the
Terrttoiy regimes.
Mr. FITCII. I present a volume of the re-
vised laws of the Territory of Utah, with some
manuscript comments showing the difficulty, if
notimpossibihty, of enforcing these laws. I move
to refer tins to the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. PUGII. Would it not be better to refer
the whole subject to the Committee on Territo-
j nes? I am apprehensive that that committee may
suppose their province has been interfered with.
Mr. FITCH. I do not see how. 1 think tins
is strictly a judicial matter.
The paprrs were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. HALE. I want the indulgence of the Sen-
ate for a moment to make an explanation merely
to do justice to the President of the United States.
I made this remark in Congress, the other day,
on the presentation of a resolution in regard to the
Military Asylum:
"The ease would be had enouuh if it were the public
money and J ho public fund-* that were thus Used; hut thc*e
men art not dependent on the chautie-sol the Government,
foi it is their own money of which they aie robbed to feast
and entciiain militacy oil'icer?, the President of the United
State?, and the Seeietary of War."
Everything I said about that Military Asylum
is true, and I did not say more than halfthe truth,
but so far as relates to the President of the Uni-
ted States, I want to do him this justice. The
President went out there by invitation of the
board of oilieersi,and roomed there, but he neither
eat salt nor broke bread at the expense of the in-
stitution. Every dollar of the expense he was at
while he was there, was paid from his own funds.
Theie was not a dollar of the funds of the insti-
tution taken tor his" entertainment. It gives me
great pleasure to do this act of justice to the Pres-
ident.
OBITUARY ADDRESSES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am instructed
by the Committee^on Printing, to whom was re-
ferred a resolution introduced by the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Allen] to print and bind the
addresses made by members of the Senate and
House of Representatives on the occasion of the
death of the Honorables James Bell, A. P. Butler,
and Thomas J. Rusk, late members of the Senate;
to report adversely. It is the belief of the commit-
tee that a practice is growing up which , if it has
not already gone to an extent that is vicious, cer-
tainly will do so. The expense of this printing
would be considerable. The fame of these gen-
tlemen wilt depend upon their acts; any books we
may print will not add to it. It is in the adoption
of a general rule on this subject, which the com-
mittee hope may be adhered to by the Senate, that
they report adversely on the proposition to print
these obituary addresses. I report the resolution
back adversely, and ask that the committee be
discharged from its further consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. I regret exceedingly to be
compelled to make any remarks on this, or on any
subject; but it does seem to me that when it has
| been the custom heretofore up to this time to no-
tice, in a particular way, events connected with
the death of members of this body, it would be as
well to continue the practice, and if it is proper
that it should cease, a resolution of this body ex-
pressive of its purpose to end them should oper-
ate prospectively and not retroactively. From
various quarters of the country—not confined to
my own State, but from other States—I have re-
ceived applications for the obituary notices of the
decease of my late estimable and valued colleague,
and I should be extremely gratified if it were in
my power to respond pleasantly to those appli-
cations by furnishing them with the obituaries
requested 
<i The V£CE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
|j allow the Chair to interrupt him for a moment?
|j The question is not on adopting the report of the
if committee. It is now before the Senate, and goes
; on the Calendar. The question merely is on dis-
| charging the committee from the farther consid-
| eration of the subject, and the report will lie over.
! The Chair ventures to make the suggestion be-
| cause ho sees other Senators desiring to make re-
i ports.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had just stepped into the
Chamber. I was not aware that the question was
not on the adoption of the report.
Mr. STUART. I suppose the whole report
goes over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The whole report
goes over; but by general consent, the Chair has
been putting the question on discharging com-
mittees, at the request ofSenators making reports.
Mr. STUART. I think it better that all should
go over together.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would he
more regular;* and if the Senator objects, it will
all go over.
tflr. STUART. Yes, sir.
The report lies over.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. CLAY. Some weeks since, on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Green,]
my colleague [Mr. Fitzpatrick] was discharged
from service upon the Committee on Territories,
in consequence of his illness, and I was appointed
in his stead. I am glad to sec that my colleague
has returned to Ins seat; and I now move that the
Senate excuse me from further service on that
committee, and that he be reinstated as a member
of it.
The motion was agreed to.
PRESENTATION OF A SWORD.
Mr. MASON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 24) authorizing Lieutenant William
N. Ji'fFeis to accept a sword of honor from her
Majesty the Ctuecn of Spain; winch was read
twice.
Mr. MASON. Tins joint resolution is offered
in pursuance of a letter from the Secretary of
State, in which he informs me that this sword has
been for some time at the Department, having
been sent by the Queen of Spain, through the
minister in London, to the minister here, with a
request that it might be accepted. The reason of
