210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
bounds of Grecian policy, still, until long after the
term ceased to have any practical significance, it
was confined to a very limited -class of the Roman
people, scarcely extending beyond the walls of
the city. True, within the city, in the days of
her earlier glory, Rome was liberal, conferring
citizenship upon the emancipated slave as well as
his master, yet the civis of the Republic, as with
the Greek, -ro\irnst possessed rather the double
signification of burgher in reference to the town,
and elector in reference to the State, and is only
rendered citizen from our want of a corresponding
word.
But we use not the word in its legal sense, as
one of aristocratic or municipal distinction, to des-
ignate the descendants of the original settlers of
Boston, or Jamestown, orany other original city,
nor such other inhabitants of the provinces as have
acquired the " freedom of the city." It no longer
means electors, or those enrolled in the national
or city guards, but is a simple transfer of, or sub-
stitute for, the word subject. By the Declaration
of Independence the subjects of King George be-
came citizens of the several States; so by the in-
auguration of the French Republic les sujels of
Louis became les citoyens of France. Though in
common and loose language we all speak of elect-
ors merely as citizens, yet in the most liberal
States all citizens—as women and children—are
notelectors, and sometimes aliens are made elect-
ors. The terms are not at all synonymous or
convertible, though closely connected.
I speak not now of those native inhabitants sub-
jected to servitude, and upon whose persons may
be committed with impunity all the crimes of the
decalogue. Upon them, whether of European,
Indian, or African descent, society wages eternal
war. They are constant prisoners, grinding in
the prison-house of bondage, and it matters little,
while thus subjected, whether we call them citi-
zens or not.
But, with this exception, if it be an exception,
citizenship is opposed simply to alienage. As
in monarchies, all persons are either subjects or
aliens, so in our Republic all are either citizens or
aliens. This idea of citizenship is the only one
tangible, the only one that will stand a moment
the test of criticism; and I defy gentlemen to give
me a definition of the term that shall not embrace
all the native and naturalized members of the
community. It was the only idea known in our
better days. Section two of article three, and
section eleven of the amendment to the Federal
Constitution speak of citizen and subject as con-
vertible terms. By the Articles of Confederation
citizenship in the several States was expressly
granted to the " free inhabitants" of each State,
and it will hardly be pretended that the boon would
be extended to the natives of other States beyond
its enjoyment at home.
This idea is clearly stated by Chief Justice Gas-
ton in 5 Iredell, page 253. He*says:
"According to the laws of this State, all human beings
within it who are not slaves fall within one of two classes.
Whatever distinctions may have existed in the Roman laws
between citizens and fiee inhabitant", they arc unknown to
our institutions. Before our Revolution, all free persons
horn within the dominion of the King of Great Britain, what-
ever their color or complexion, were native-born British sub-
jects; those born out of lus allegiance are aliens." * *
tl Upon the Revolution no other change took place in the
laws of North Carolina than was consequent on the transi-
tion fiom a colony dependent on a European king to a free
and sovereign State." ***■*<• British subjects in
North Carolina became North Carolina freemen. Foreign-
ers, until made members of the State, remained aliens."
I might occupy my whole time in givingauthor-
ities and illustrations upon this point. Citizen-
ship, as well as allegiance, is the incident of birth.
The few exceptions, as to children of foreign min-
isters or temporary sojourners, but confirm the
doctrine; and, indeed, until the interests of slavery
demanded a different position, none other was
thought of in modern law.
But except by some act of the sovereign power,
none but the native born can be citizens. The
immigrant from Connecticut would be an alien in
Ohio, and the Massachusetts trader enjoy none
of the rights of citizens in Georgia, for the citizcns
ofOhioand the citizens of Georgia would be those
only born therein. IIow, then, do immigrants
from one State, or from foreign countries become
citizens? Whence obtain they these " privileges
and immunities?" Must each State pass naturali-
zation laws; or is this matter provided for? The
Constitution provides for both cases clearly and
distinctly. The exclusive power to make rules
for the naturalization of aliens to all the States is
granted to Congress, so that so far as the foreign
born are concerned, it alone can determine the
manner in which they shall become citizens of the
States. But though Congress has no jurisdiction
over the citizenship of natives, yet for them, too,
the provision is equally specific. The citizens of
each State are expressly made citizens of all the
States, or, which is the same thing, are entitled
to all the " privileges and immunities" of citizens
within them. Thus the whole ground is covered,
and no State naturalization becomes necessary.
This would seem so plain that " the way-faring
man * * * need not err therein;" yet this
strange opinion, as if to keep up its departure from
all show of reason and law, gravely pronounces
that the clause to which I have referred does not
" apply to a person who, being a citizen of a State,
migrated to another State," (page 422,) that" the
provision is confined to citizens of a State who
are temporarily in another State, without taking
up their residence therein." If this be its construc-
tion, I beg to know, and I am interested in know-
ing, how a native of Connecticut can become a
citizen of Ohio. No other clause in the Consti-
tution can have the effect to make him such, and
if this does not, Ohio must act before he can be
admitted to the privileges of Ohio citizenship.
Supposing—vainly as it would seem—that the
FederalConstitution had decided that point, Ohio
has made no provision on the subject,so that were
the Chief Justice himself to migrate to Ohio, and
there commence suit in the Federal court against
a citizen of Maryland, the fact that he was a na-
tive of Maryland, were his opinion law, would be
a good plea to his allegation of Ohio citizenship.
If not, I should like to have the error of the plea
pointed out, and the process explained by which
he became a citizen of Ohio.
But the phrase " citizen of the United States"
is no less loosely used than the term itself. It is
not only employed to mean a person entitled to
all the privileges of citizens m the several States—
sometimes called a general citizen—but also to
designate one as primarily a citizen of the Union
as a single consolidated Government. For the
former casewe have seen that the Constitution has
made ample provision, by making every State
citizen a general citizen. But, as wo go beyond
that, we tread uncertain ground; and I know of
no surer indication of our departure from the true
idea of this Federation, than the loose habit we
all have of speaking of United States citizenship;
and I claim no exemption from this indication of
the seductive influence of the pervading consoli-
dation tendencies. We sometimes speak of per-
sons as citizens of the United States, residing in
a State, or of a double citizenship, held by each,
and in the case now under discussion, citizenship
of the United States, instead of the State citizen-
ship of the Constitution, is generally spoken of as
giving jurisdiction to the Federal courts.
That there is such a thing as citizenship of the
United States, in some sense, is clear. The Con-
stitution uses the term, but its meaning must be
controlled by the constitutional relation of the
States. I can find nothing in the Constitution, or
in that relation, that gives color to tho idea that
there can be any such thing as United States cit-
izenship, in itself considered; that there can be a
citizen of the United States who is not a citizen
of a State, or a State citizen who is not also a cit-
izen of the United States; or to the idea that the
Federation can do anything whatever to consti-
tute, direct, or control citizenship, except as to
aliens.
Of course, I speak not now of resident natives
of the District of Columbia, or the Territories.
They are outside the States, not provided for m
the Constitution, which was made for the States,
and are citizens of the Union alone, because born
within its general and exclusive jurisdiction.
_ Can it, then, be possible that this grand " na-
tional" Government of ours is destitute of so
important a power—the power to say who shall be
its own citizens, its own people? That this pow^r
is left to its constituent parts, so to speak ? These
are formidable questions to consolidationists, still
more so to strangers to our system; but to Amer-
ican Democrats the answer is easy. That the
Federal Constitution, so far as it is an instrument
of government, is a grant by the people of the
States of specific and clearly-defined powers, that
there is no power where there is no grant, that
none are given by implication except what are
necessary to execute those expressly granted, and
that all others are reserved to tho States and the
people thereof, are the axioms of their creed. We
search in vain for any general Federal authority
over citizenship, so that, even in the absence of
the guarantee to the citizens of each State, we must
inevitably find the power over this subject to be
one of those reserved. The States, then, determine
who are citizens, and we mean by a citizen of the
United States, simply a citizen of one of the States;
and when we describe a person as a citizen of the
United States, residing in a State, we use a phrase
liable to misconstruction; and when we speak of
the double relation held by each citizen to hia
State and the United States, we use language
politically loose, unless we mean that the latter
relation is held solely through and by virtue of
the first.
To the objection that the naturalization powers
of Congress authorize a citizenship of the United
States without reference to a State, I reply by de-
nying the assumption. The people of the States,
that the rule of naturalization might be uniform,
authorized Congress to prescribe it, and nothing
more. But aliens, naturalized under this rule,
immediately became citizens of the State of their
domicile; otherwise, how can they avail them-
selves of tho guarantee of general citizenship*
The conclusion, then, is irresistible, this court
to the contrary notwithstanding, that all " the
citizens of each State" are not only " entitled to
the privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States," but are, thereby, citizens of the
United States.
Tim folly of the main assumption of the court,
that there exists in the States a class of native in-
habitants who are not and cannot become citizens,
equally appears, whether we say that a State may
make or unmake its citizens, or whether the con-
dition of the native born is fixed. It is clear that
if any power can say what natives are citizens,
it is the State alone; if no power, then the question
must be decided by the general law, the Articles
of Confederation, and the Constitution. By the
first are included all the native born; by the second
the " free inhabitants" of the several States; and
by the last, all the citizens of the several States,
which last provision must refer back to the first
and second. Those naturalized by the Articles of
Confederation have all passed away, so that if the
States have no control over citizenship, we are
driven to the general law, to the inevitable result
of nativity.
But the States do possess power over the sub-
ject. I will not say that they can unmake, so to
speak, a citizen; can change the fact of nativity,
or its just effect, for I am no believer in a State's
omnipotence, nor will I advocate its power to do
wrong; but to confer citizenship upon other than
aliens, the States are clearly competent. They are
competent, for they have never parted with the
power, and all powers not delegated are reserved.
They are competent, for from the beginning they
have conferred it without dispute; and though bad
precedents should be overruled, just ones are law.
Slaves, though natives, have not been regarded
as citizens; for, by a legal fiction, they arc, while
their status remains, alien enemies, and prisoners
of war; and, by the African code introduced with
the ancestors of these prisoners, they and the de-
scendants of their women became slaves. This
status and this fiction and this code yield to the
breath of sovereignty; and these quasi alien pris-
oners become native-born free citizens.
The reasoning by which the court arrives at
the impotency of the States in the premises is so
brilliant, that I cannot refrain from giving it, as a
specimen of the logic of this our infallible tribunal.
The opinion says that, because the power to nat-
uralize aliens is delegated to Congress, " it is very
clear, therefore, that no State can, by any act or
Jawofitsown, * * * introduce a new member
into the political community created by the Con-
stitution." If the " new member " means alien,
the conclusion is very clear indeed, as well as
undisputed; but close on the heels of this truism
follows a ncn sequitur that puts all dialectics to
blush. "And for the same reason," that is, the
reason that the power to naturalize aliens is dele-
gated to Congress, "it,"tho State, "cannot intro-
duce any person or description of persons who
were not intended to be embraced in this new
