258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Conc.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Leidy.
[March 30,
Ho. of Reps.
throw out four counties which, up to this time,
have no population. Then how shall we account
for the failure to register the voters in the other
counties? We will call Governor Stanton again
to the witness stand. In his last message he says:
" The census therein provided for was imperfectly ob-
tained from an unwilling people in nineteen counties of the
Territory; while in the remaining counties, being also nine-
teen in number, from various causes, no attempt was made
to comply with the law. In some instances, people and
officers were alike averse to the proceeding; m others, the
officers neglected or refused to act, and in some there was
but a small population, and no efficient organization en-
abling the people to secure a representation in the conven-
tion."
Now, taking Governor Stanton's statement as
fact,which it no doubt is, what have we? First,
say four counties were without inhabitants, and
a number of the others with a very sparse popu-
lation. Then we have some counties in which
" the people and officers were alike averse to the
proceeding;" (and these, we all know, from the
current history of events, at the time were the
most populous of these counties;) and of course,
in these counties the officers, with the consentand
approbation of the people, refused to comply with
the law. The people in these counties could not
eorpplam because they were not registered. Then
we nave " other counties"—how many is not
stated, with what population not stated—in which
"the officers neglected or refused to act." In
these counties there was a wrong; but what was
the extent of this wrong, and to whom attribu-
table, wo are not informed; and this wrong can-
not invalidate the election anymore than an irreg-
ularity in some of the counties in Pennsylvania
at the last election, by which those counties would
have been thrown out, would have invalidated the
election there for Governor and other State offi-
cers. If this irregularity existed to any great ex-
tent, sufficient to have changed the result of the
election, and was really the fault of the ofltceis
and not of the people, it would present a case that
would claim our consideration; for, although the j
legality of the election would not bo aiTeeted by ;
it, yet the justice of the demand on the part of i
these disfranchised persons would give them a
rlaim. Hut, in the absence of all evidence to show
the extent of this disfranchisement, we cannot say
that the result of the election could thereby have
been affected. And, taken in connection with the
other facts, that this paity, wherevrrfound, were
unwilling to be registered, and in some counties re-
fused to be, and forbid the officers attempting it,
I think we can reasonably conclude that the result
of the election in this case was not affected by this
omission; and that, in point of fact, the people
therein would not have voted had they been regis-
tered. The result of the election in these counties
on the 4th day of January sustains both these
positions. I would here also refer to the affida-
vit of George Wilson, to show that in the coun-
ties of Anderson, Allen, and Fiankhu, where the
officers were willing to do their duty, the people
would not permit it to be done, in these three
counties, at the election of the 4th of January,
six hundred and seventy-two votes were polled
against the constitution, one for the constitution j
with slavery, and four for the constitution with- |
out slavery; showing that these three were also 1
free-State counties, and among the more populous, j
I wish here to call attention to one particular \
fact connected with this part of the case. The j
official returns of the census and registration of j
voters having been made to actmgGovernor Stan- 1
ton, he, on the 20th of May, with these returns j
before him, showing that only nineteen counties ;
had been registered, makes his apportionment of i
delegates, giving all the delegates to these coun- j
ties. One week after this, on the 27th of May, :
Governor Walker, in his inaugural address, says: '
(( The people of Kansas aie invited by (he lushest author- ;
jty known to the law to partu-ipate heel}' and fairly in the j
election of delegates. ' " t
" I seem tins act no improper or unconstitutional r<j tric- i
lions upon the right of Mrtiingc," &c. |
Now, the Governor then knew, just as well as '
lie now knows, that fifteen of the counties of that !
Territory could notvoteat thatelection, and would j
not be represented in that convention; and yet, j
speaking to all the people of Kansas, he says you .
are invited to participate u freely and fairly in that
election." Why does he not then even alludelo I
the fact that a portion of the people were, by the
operation of the law and the conduct of the offi-
cers, excluded from participating? Because he
then knew that these people were disfranchised by
their own act and consent; because he knew, as
Governor Stanton afterwards said, " they were
unwilling to be registered."
We proceed now to the convention; butasitis
not pretended that there was any irregularity or
illegality in the action of that body that would in-
validate their proceedings, I shall take it for grant-
ed that these proceedings were valid and regular.
The constitution was formed by the convention,
and is, leaving out of view the slavery article, as
unobjectionable as such instruments are usually
found to be. There are some things in it that I
do not approve of, and so there are in the consti-
tution of my own State.
I think I have now shown that the whole pro-
ceeding, thus far, has been characterized by a
careful regard to the rights of the people, and a
strict adherence to the requirement of law; and
that in the only instance in which any cause of
complaint could arise, the circumstances, in the
absence of any proof to the contrary, are against
the complainants.
Having now traced this constitution from its
origin to its end, I ask if it has not the sanction
of law ? I think I have shown that the act under
winch the convention was elected, was valid;,
that it was fair and jast in its provisions; that
the delegates were ejected by a majority of the
legal votes polled; and that the dcfects in the re- ,
gistration, so far as we have any evidence, were I
not such as could invalidate the proceedings of |
the convention, and were in fact occasioned by j
the perverseness of the people who complain; and
it is admitted that there was no irregularity in
the proceedings of the convention, which could
affect their legality. Have these proceedings also
been conducted in accordance with (he principles
of popular .sovereignty —the will ofthe whole peo-
ple expressed (h rough the prescribed forms of law ?
Kirst, the act was passed l>y a legal Legislature.
This was tn accordance wnh the principle. The
delegates were eleeted by a majority of the legal
votes cast. This was m accordance with the prin-
ciple. Those who did not vote refrained therefrom
voluntarily; those who were not registered were
unwilling to he registered, or to take any part in
these proceedings. The action or proceedings o!
the convention were regular. Now, I cannot see
but that m every step a due regard has been had to
the means for obtaining the popular will; and, as
Governor Walker remarks, " voting being vol-
untary, and not compulsory, those who vote can
alone be considered, while those who refrain from
W>ti ngmust be considered as acquiescing with the
majority of those who do vote."
Hut it is objected that the convention did not
submit the constitution to a vote of the people,
and, therefore, the popular will could not be ex-
pressed in acceptingoi lejecUng it. 15y what law
or what precedent was this convention bound to
submit the constitution to a vote of the people?
Was it by the organic law? It is silent upon the
subject. Was it by the territorial law? It is si-
lent upon the subject. Was it by the precedents
established m the proceedings m other States?
Some of these submitted their constitutions to a
vote, and others did not; and there is not suffi-
cient preponderance either way to establish a pre-
cedent. If, then, there is neither law nor   stab-
lished precedent,whence arises the obligation ? It
is said that Governor Walker, with the approba-
tion of the national Administration, assured the
people that this should bo done; and hence the
obligation. Now I assert that the allegation here
is not true, and, that, if iCxvere true, it could not
bind the convention. Butitisnot true. Governor
Walker never pledged himself to the people of
Kansas that the constitution should be submitted
to a vote of the people. He recommended it; he
expressed his desire for it, his confidence that it
would be so submitted; but, in every instance,
accompanied with the assurance that it rested en-
tirely with the convention. Let us see what ho
says upon this subject. 1
In his inaugural address, after urging the peo-
ple, by various powerful considerations, to attend
the election and vote for delegates, he says:
KPo not eon-ole \our~elw- vitu the xMH'imn that \ou
may by a subsequent vote defeat the ratification of the con-
stitution. Although most anxious to secure to you the ex-
ercise of this great constitutional right, and believing iii.it
the convention is the servant and not the master of the peo-
ple, yet I have no power to dictate its proceedings.
Again, in his address of the 10th September,
1857, he says, speaking of the defective registra-
tion:
"The only remedy rests with the convention itself, by ;ub-
mitttng, if they deem best, the constitution for lanfieat-oh or
rejection to a vote of the people, undei such just and rea-
sonable qualifications as they may prescribe."
Again, in the same address, he says:
"I repeat, however, the opinion always heretofuie ex-
pressed, that this, is a matter which belongs exclusively to
tiie convention, over which I have no power," &c.
In other places, both he and Secretary Stanton
express the same idea. Is there here the recog-
nition of any obligation upon the convention to
submit the constitution to a vote of the people ?
Docs Governor Walker pledge himself that it shall
be so submitted? So far fiom it, he seems ex-
ceedingly cautious lest the people should rest upon
such an opinion. Hence, he says to them, do not
console yourselves with this idea. It is not a safe
reliance. The convention have the control of this
subject. I have not. If they deem it best to sub-
mit it, they can do so; but if not, I cannot compel
them to do it. I desire they shall doit. I think
they ought to do it, and I believe they will; but I
warn you not to t inst to such an uncertainty; for,
if they do not submrt it to your vote, then you
will be without remedy. Now, I appeal to gen-
tlemen hero to say, if this language of Governor
Walker's can, by any possibility, be tortured into
a pledge that the constitution should be submit-
ted to a vote ? It is alleged that the President, m
his instructions to the Governor, had so declared.
How did Governor Walker, then, understand
these instructions? Do not the foregoing extracts
show that lie understood the language of his m-
sti actions on this point to be merely advisory; or
lather, expressive of what the President then sup-
posed the convention would do, without making
any suggestions as to what they must do ? Most
clearly they do. And will gentlemen say that
these are garbled extracts; that we must take the
whole; of his addresses together3 I defy any gen-
tleman hero to find, in any of those addresses to
the people of Kansas, one line, word, or syllable,
that will, in the least, conflict with what I have
quoted. Hut I will show you who takes garbled
extiacis, and thus gives a different meaning to the
language. Governor Walker, in ins letter of res-
ignation addressed to General Cass, says, speak-
ing of his inaugural address:
"■(a that inasnjuial [ ptoeerd fuithor to ?ay that the peo-
ple 1 may, by a Mib&equent vote, defeat the iauficauou of the
constitution.' "
Here he states that he had asserted to the peo-
ple that they had, or would have, this privilege;
meaning, evidently, to convey the idea th#t he
had assured them that the constitution would be
submitted to them. Now, let us see what he did
really say on that occasion. This is his language:
You should not eonsojp yourselves, my feJIow-ctr/cn«,
with the reflection that \ou inav, by a subsequent vote,
defeat the constitution. Although mos-t anxious to s-ocuie
to \<>d the* exeici^e of that great constitutional light, and
believing that the convention is the seivant, ami not (lie
master or' the. people, jet I have no power to dictate the
pmoecdingsj ol that body
IIow different the idea! Instead of a positive
asseition that they should have such an opportu-
nity,he cautions them againsttrusting to any such
hope, that it is byno means certain that they can
have that opportunity. And for that very reason
they should be sure to attend the election, and
secure such delegates as would express their will.
I hope we shall "hear no more of garbled extracts
after this exhibition of garbling.
I have said nothing about the submission of the
slavery article to a vote of the people. I do not
deem it of any pai ticular importance to notice iho
objections to the form or manner in which tins
article was submitted; for the reason that I do not
believe the convention was bound, in law or by
precedent, to submit any part of the constitution
to the vote of the people; and, if they chose to
submit the same, or any part of it, to a vote, it
was for them to say what part, and in what man-
tier. But, in passing, [ v/iil remark that 1 cannot
