THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.«
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session".
MONDAY, MAY 24,1858.
New Series...JNo. 34§,
plexion," without even the offer of the Prince of,
Morocco to " make incision/or these seats, to prove
whose blood is reddest;" but. with rude boldness
dash in, demanding their rights in this Hall.
Are you prepared for that ? Sir, you have already
been threatened with Fred Douglas, whiter than
the lightest of these sixteen; and in his person, in
a little while longer, you may have to meet this
question again.
But it has been said that the decision of the Su-
preme Court applies only to those persons of color
whose ancestors were imported into this country
and sold as slaves; and that it is not made to ap-
pear affirmatively in the testimony that these mu-
lattoes and persons of color who voted jyere de-
scended from such ancestry. "Very true, sir; the
plea in abatement upon which the issue was made
up averred that Dred Scott was descended of Af-
rican ancestors thus imported and sold; and the
letter of the decision, of coursc, conforms to it.
But, in absence of proof to the contrary, the court
might well have assumed the fact as a part of the
public history of the country, and of the world,
which needed not to be proved. But be that as
it may, this House, in a matter pertaining to its
own peculiar jurisdiction, and in the exercise of
its high powers as a part of this Government, has
a right, and is bound to take notice of the great
public facts in its history. Now, does not every
man know, as a part of that history, that no Af-
rican of the negro race ever came to America
by voluntary emigration? So said the Supreme
Court. 1 quote from the opinion by the Chief Jus-
tice, page 411:
No one of that race had ever migrated to the United
States voluntarily ; all ot them had been. biought here as
articles, of meieliandi e.
'• And even since the abolition of the slave tiade, none
have ever come of their own accoid or as fieemen."
England and France indeed, have both pretend-
ed to open up facilities for a free emigration from
Africa. And with what result? At the bar of
public opinion in each country—before the great
forum of the world, they stand condemned as re-
storeis of the slave trade in disguise. The mis-
erable juggle has been exposed. On th$ 11th of
December"last Lord Clarendon said in debate on
this subject, that " there could be no such thing as
a free emigration from Africa, and that the plan
had utterly and entirely failed." And the Earl of
Derby, now Prime Minister, in the same debate
denounced the scheme as identical m substance, if
not in form, with the slave trade itself; and in
this sentiment Earl Grey concurred. And later
still, on the 16th of March last, Lord Brougham
and the Earl of Malmsbury, both declared in de-
bate that it was impossible to regard the scheme
of a free emigration of negroes in any other light
than as an indirect revival of the slave trade.
But, apart from all this, the reason of the rule
applies equally to all of the African race, no mat-
ter when they may have come to our shores. No
nfc«TO emigrant could be naturalized. It is not
alone his descent from slaves in this country that
degrades him in the scale ot social and political
' bciii0*. It is his color and his blood. It is be-
cause he is the descendant of a servile and de-
graded race almost from the beginning of time.
The curse of Ham pursues him in every age, and
all over the globe. Bayard Taylor—no apologist
for slavery—speaks but the testimony of history
when he writes from Nubia, in Upper Egypt,
that—
"The only negro features represented in Egyptian sculp-
ture are tho^e of slaves and captives taken in Ethiopian
war< of the Pharaohs; and that the temples and pyramids
throughout Nubia, as far as Diref and Abyssinia, all bear
the hferoMvphy of monaichs; and that there is no evidence
m all the5valley of the Nile, that the negro race ever at-
tained a highci degree ot civilization than is at present ex-
hibited in Congo and A&hantee."
Sir, no wise people will ever in any manner en-
courage the attempt to elevate such a race to social
or political equality. And if the question of law
were here doubtful, I might well demand that, upon
these high motives of public policy, the doubt
should be resolved against the race. Above all 1
would urge these great considerations now and in
146
future, against this same spurious mongrel issue,
in whose behalf a relaxation of this policy is de-
manded. Look to Spanish America. Look at
Mexico. The blood of the conquerors was lost in
the veins of inferior and outcast races, and Mex-
ico has no people to-day. With no tyrant strong
enough to bind her down, and no yeomanry fit
for free government, she is the sport of faction,
and the prey of anarchy and bloodshed; and to-
day the spirit of the murdered Guatemozin, wan-
dering three centuries through the halls of the
Montezumas, gluts itself with revenge.
Sir, it is this same spurious and mongrel race
who constitute your " free negroes," North and
South. They will not be slaves, and they are not
fit for freemen. And when this Government shall
have been broken up, and (he fanaticism of the
age shall have culminated in the North in Red
Republicanism and negro equality, and the South
shall have driven out her free negroes upon you,
and you shall have stolen away her slaves, then
your troubles with this race, which already has
plagued America for a century, will but have be-
gun. They are yourpetty thieves now; they rob
your larders and your sheep-cotes; they do fill up
your penitentiaries, and they would fill tip your
hospitals and your alms-houses, if ijvu would let
them. T/iefi they will be your highwaymen; your
banditti; they will make up your mobs. With just
enough of intelligence, derived from a white an-
cestry, to know, and enough of brutishness, in-
herited from the old African stock, to avenge, in
1 any form, the ignominy and degiadation of four
I thousand years; with fetish ideas of religion and
fanatic notions of politics, they are the sansculotte,
who, led on by the worst of white men, will make
your revolutions and overturn your governments.
Such things have already occurred in history.
They are not the baseless fabrics of a vision. No
wonder the States of the Northwest have begun
to crcct constitutional barriers stronger than ever
against a negro population. In all this there is
| eminent wisdom and a statesmanlike foresight.
But I have no time to pursue this subject fur-
ther. I thank the House now for the courtesy
and attention with which they have heard me
throughout, and regiet only that 1 have been
obliged to appear, for the first time in this Hall,
in the character of a contestant.
[APPENDIX.
The following is a list of the English cases cited
by Mr. Vallandigham, in support of the admissi-
bility of the declarations or admissions of voters
in evidence. Some are confined to cases of scru-
tiny, where all the authorities, without exception,
concede that they are to be received; other cases
go further still; a few of the cases limit the rule
to admissions before or at the election; but this
distinction is generally denied, and the weight
ot authority is'strongly against it. _ Some of the
cases treat the evidence as exceptional hem fay;
but, in a large majority of them, its admissibility
is put upon the ground that the voters arc parties
to the proceeding, and that therefore the evidence
is original and not secondary; and, also, not hear-
say at all. But whether put upon the one ground
or the other, it has rever been deemed necessary
to first call the voters themselves as witnesses.
Great Grimsby 1699, cited Mont. arid N. on «lec..lS8
liedioidslure 17L5, '' Male on IiJec ^ and 2
Doug. Elec. <Mfc.es, 31"
Yorkshire  1735, Montag. arid N  
Milbome Port 1775, 1 Doug. Election case?
Shaftshury 17:5,2 '• " ".
Petersfield 1773, 3 t£ ct 1 •
Ilcbester 1775,3 " " " 153
Worcester 1778,3 " " •J,**'0
Milborne Fort 1730, Philipps <•
Shaftesbury 1781, cited 3 Luder's Elec. cases. ] 12
Oncklade 1785. c;ted2 «
Seatbrd !/«.->, 3  li~
Oakhampton 17DI. 1 Frazers «....1,.J
Leomuister 1796,2 Peckw. " ....
Oneneester J 803, cited Mont and N lrf
Uchester 1 Peckw. Election cases.... 30-1
Middlesex 1804, 2 <• " " Hi
Wevmouth 1804,2
Shrewsbuiy 1807, cued Chamb. Law ana J?r...]87
Wevmouth 1807, Si "..-187
.183
.134
. .308
.. 11
Maidstone 1807, cited Chamb. Law and Pr. .1S|7
Maldon ,.1307, «' « * ' <•< ;.!67
Windsor , 1807, « «  
Monmouth..........l$31j cited FaJc. and Fit2. Election
cases...... 72
Southampton... i ...-1833, P.and K. Elec. case$-213, and
1 C. and R. Elec. cases.. .11^
Ripon 1833, P. and K. Election cases.. .210
Petersfield..... 1833, " « 40
Galway county 1833, <£ " <<..,. 526
Ipswreh Borough....1835, K.andOmb.Elec.cases387,388
Cailow county, 1837, Falc. and b'itz Elec. cases.. 72
Second Nottingham.. 1842. 1 Bar. and Arm.Elec.cases 195
Wigan 1842, Bair. and Aust....* 143
Sudbeiry 1843, 2 Barr. and Aust ....245
Second Horsham.... 1848, cited Clerk on Elections.. .,250
Lyme Regis 1848, (% (i " 1TI
St. Alban's 1851, «   " 112
In the Seaford case, 1785, 3 Luders, 112, and
the Shaftesbury case, 1781, there cited, the decla-
rations were rejected where the voters had taken
the bribery-oath at the potts; but this distinction
is against principle, and has not been recognized,
in anv of the treatises upon the subject, and the
direct contrary has been decided in every other
case where the point has been made. (See Shaftes-
bury,2 Doug!., page308; Iichester, 1803, lPecfc.,
page 304; and Rogers, page 127.)
The following extracts, from the treatises cited,
are added:
" Committees consider the voters as a parly in the cause
to all intents, while Ins own vote is under discussion ; and,
upon tins principle, it'he has possession of a wiiting which
the paiiy challenging drwes to inspect, noticc to produce
must he «ei ved on him.*' —Sec Rogers on the Law and Pracr
tice of Election Committees, page 99.
" Notwithstanding =omc decisions to the contrary, itseems
to bo the better opinion that what a voter says of his on-n
right to vote is an exception to tins rule, (as to hearsay,) it
being considered as an admission by a party in the cause ; for
though not a paity to the lecoid, yet, when his own vote is
m ismip, he is consideied substantially interested." *
" The modern cases have uniformly decided that the decla-
rations ot a voter against In* own vote arc to be received,
considering them as the admissions of a party to the lecord;
| ami, indeed, m a sciutmv. each case is to be considered as
a separate cause, in which the party supporting the vote,
and the voter whose vote is under discussion, are the parties
on the one bide, and the opposers of the vote on the other."
—IfiuL. pages 12G, 128.
The foregoing is adopted almost verbatim in
Montague and Neaie on the Laws and Practice
of Parliamentary Elections, page 188.
" The statements of voters, in cases of scrutiny, are not
open to objection as being hearsay, as they are looked upon
then a-, parties to the «u;t. ''—Clark on the Lata and Practice
of Election Committees, p'ige 4J50.
" In point of fact, a sot utiny is, as ft has been regarded
almost uniformly bv committees, as to each vote, a cause,
m which the supporters of the vote and the voter arepe
' ' parties' on the one side, and the opposcrs of the vote are
| the ' parties'on the other. On this principle it was that the
i voter's own testimony \va« held inadmissible in support of
i hi* vote, while it was, and is, evidence against it, as anarf-
! nnsnon against his interest.5'— Warren on Election Com-
mitteea, 590, citing Taylor on Evid. &ec. 535.
Two things are to be borne in mind in consid-
eting the English cases and authorities upon this
subject: First, the admissibility of the declara-
tions of voters is not confined to cases of bribery,
but extends to every other disqualification; and in
i a majority of the thirty-six cases above cited,
| other disqualifications were alleged, concerning
| which the declarations were received. Second,
: the evidence is not properly hearsay at all—being
I the ad mission or confession of a party to the pro-
coeding1?.]
! Mr. WILSON. I understand, Mr. Speaker,
; that it is the wish of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Elections that the debate in this contested-
election case shall close to-day. I will not detain
the House for any great length of time, but will
, simply state the reasons which induced me to cast
! my vote in committee, and will inducc me to cast
i my vote m the House, in favor of retaining the
! sitting member in his seat. The contestant, who
has rnst addressed the House, (Mr. Vallandig-
i ham,) staled at the outset of his remaps that he
] should not deal with the facts in the case Mr
Speaker, I shall not imitate the gentleman I in-
tend to deal with the facts and the law, anu gov-
ern myself accordingly. _ .
The election in the third congressional district
of Ohio was an exciting one—as much so, per-
haps as any election that ever occurred in the
Uoion. contestant had warm, zealous, act-
