1858
APPEJND1X TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Leidy.
Ho. of Reps.
see the force of the objections raised b)' my hon-
orable colleague [Mr. Montgomery] to this sub-
mission. First, he objects, because, in voting on
the slavery article, either for or against, he says
the people were compelled to vote for the constitu-
tion. Now, sir, I deny this. I aver that the con-
stitution was notsubmitted to a vote; that no priv-
ilege was given to the people to vote for or against
the constitution. That instrument, all except the
seventh article, was withheld from the people; and
the vote could not, by any possibility, be con-
strued as a vote in favor of the constitution. True,
whichever way the people voted on the seventh
article, the constitution would be adopted, except
that seventh article; but not by virtue of that vote,
but by the action of the convention.
Now, I do not wish to be understood here as
asserting that the convention acted properly in
withholding the whole constitution from a vote
of the people. I think they should have submit-
ted it. i believe with the President, that these in-
struments should in all cases be submitted to this
test; but 1 do not agree that there was any bind-
ing obligation upon that body to submit it, or any
part of it, to such a test, and no greater obligation
to submit the slavery clause than any other, ex-
cept that which grew out of the state of feeling
which existed in the Territory on this subject.
But the honorable gentleman says the people were
subjected to a test oath; they were required to
swear to support the constitution, if adopted.
Well, suppose they were? Is it not the duty of
every citizen to support the constitution of his
State? arid is not this duty binding, whether he 1
be required to take an oath to do so or not? If !
adopted, would not all the people of Kansas be j
bound to suppo) t it, and every pait of it? What ,
objection, then, to takingnn <>cuh to do that which 1
is right and obligatory, even without an oath? ,
Rut he says, in swearing to support the conslitu- '
tion, they were required to swear to the truth
of all the averments contained therein; mother
words, that every man who swears to support the
constitution of his State, or of the United States,
sweats that all that is contained therein is ti ue and
right, and also swears that it shall not he altered,
except in the manner theiem provided for. Tins
is certainly a novel doctime, a monstious doc-
trine. What! Will the honorable gentleman say
here, that every man who swears to support the
constitution of his State perjures himself unless
he believes that all the aveiments contained in
that instrument arc true, and all the principles
embodied therein are sound ? Will he tell us that,
because the constitution of the State of Missouri
containsan averment precisely like thntcontamcd
in the constitution < f Kansas, declaring the right
to hold property in slaves, therefore the honor-
able gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] on
the other side of this House, who is a Republi-
can, and who, I take it, is honestly opposed to
slavery because he believes it wrong, that he can-
not hold an office in his own State, because he j
would be required to swear to support that consti- I
tuuon? Will he tell us that all those upon this '
floor who do not believe that the section in the I
Constitution of the United States which requires
the rendition of fugitive slaves to their proper
masters, or that section which gives to slavehold- 1
ing Stales a repiesentation on this floor for three i
fifths of their slaves, is not just, not correct in j
principle, perjured themselves when they took the [
oath here to support the Constitution of the Uni- I
ted S:ates? Or that every man who sits in a con- I
ventm i for the amendment or altowttion of his ;
S'dte constitution, is perjured if he ever previously
took ;ui oath to support the constitution, unless
the mode of alteiation was prescribed m the con-
stitution, and strictly adhered to in all the- steps >
t.ihon for its amendment. What is this oath to
support the constitution ? It is an oath to sup- !
port end obey it as a fundamental law, not to be-
lieve it as a fundamental truth. It is an oath to 1
support it a-? and while it continues to be the con- ,
stitutjon of the State, not perpetually, nor after it '
has ceased to be siu-h. \
But the honorable gentleman says further that ;
the constitution of Kansas repeals the Kansas- 1
Nebraska bill. I > this true ? How ? Why, says
the gentleman, this constitution declares detail '
Li ,rs uov: in force la the Territory of Kansas, which |
j are not repugnant to this constitution, shall con-
| tinue and be of force, until altered, amended, or
j repealed, by a Legislature assembled under this
! constitution; and that thereby this convention nul-
j hfied the right of legislation secured to the Terri-
[ tory by the Kansas-Nebraska act, after the 7th
, day of November, 1857; and that if Kansas is ad-
mitted with this constitution, all the laws passed
by the Territorial Legislature, at the extra ses-
sion, are thereby repealed. Let us examine this
a moment. To what point of time does this ad-
verb " now," used in this clause of the constitu-
tion, refer? Does it refer to the day that clause
was approved in convention ? Does it refer to the
day when the instrument as a whole was adopted
! m the convention ? Does it refer to the time when
j the people were to vote upon the slavery ques-
i tion ? or to the time when Kansas shall be admit-
! ted by Congress, and thereby become a State ?
i There is in this instrument itself a clause which
j fixes the time when the constitution shall go into
effect, namely, when ratified by the vote of the peo-
ple upon the slavery question as therein piovided.
And hence the word "now" cannot possibly
mean any point of time anterior to that; and if
the gentleman will refer to the dates, he will find
that this event occurred on the 21st of December,
after the extra session of the Territorial Legisla-
ture had adjourned; and that consequently all laws
passed by that body were not only not repealed
by the convention, but, according to his construc-
tion, were rendered entirely irrepealable until after
the State should be organized. But I am inclined
to the opinion that the construction which should
be put upon this clause would fix the point of
time indicated by this word " now," as the time
when Kansas should be admitted and thereby
become a State. I think this construction the
fair one, and one that would preserve intact all
the legitimate powers of the Territory while it
remained a Territory, and at the same time effect
the object evidently had in view by the conven-
tion, namely, the perpetuation of the territorial
laws under the State organization until these laws
should be altered by State authority.
Having now disposed, as I think satisfactorily,
of these objections, 1 will next consider the vote
of the 4th of January, 1858, under the act of the
Territorial Legislature, for and against the con-
stitution. At this election it is admitted, at least
I admit it, that a large majority of the voters of
the Territory voted against the constitution. And
the question is, what is the effect of that vote ? 1
do not, sir, deny the validity of that act authoriz-
ing the vote of the 4th of Januai y. I admit that
it was within the scope of legislative authority—
that it rests upon the same authority as the act
parsed by the same Legislature, to determine
whether a convention should be enlled to form a
constitution. But the question here is as to its
effect; and I wish to call the attention of gentle-
men to the act itself. You will observe, by a ref-
erence to this act, that it does not pietend to give
any legal eilicacy to this vote. Itauthonzcs avote
to be taken, but it does notgo on to say, " and if,
upon the sutiiimng'up of all the votes cast, it shall
appeal that a majority of the votes cast at that
election weie against the constitution, then, and
fiom thenceforth, as well the said constitution
as all actand proceedings theretofoie had under
the same, shall be null and void." If the Legis-
lature had intended that this vote should have the
effect of a veto upon the action of the Lecompton
convention, they would undoubtedly have so ex-
pressed it in some sucn language as the foregoing.
But they did not assume such power. They knew
full well that they did not possess the power; and
noting Governor Stanton, m his message, had just
given if as his opinion that the convention, having
acted under the previous law, ir, was incompetent
for the Legislature to repeal the law. And if the
Legislature could not do tins dn ccily, they could
not authorize a vote of the people, the eifect of
which would be to repeal it. 1 have not the time
to discuss this p^mt at length; but the point to
which I wish to call attention, and which 1 think
is decisive of th^ question, has been sufficiently
indicated—namely, the went of h-g.slative juns-
diction over the action of the convention.
J do not wish here to be understood as, in any
sense, denying she power of the people to review
the actions of the convention; but what I contend
for is, that it must be done in accordance with the
prescribed forms of law. And those forms would
have required an act of the Legislature author-
izing the election of delegates to a second con-
vention, for the purpose of revising, altering, or
amending this constitution. In this way the peo-
dle can, I take it, at all times control and regulate
their constitutions, as well before they have been
presented to and admitted by Congress, as after;
tut I know of no other way prescribed by law to
do it. And if now, under the present law in Kan-
sas, (if they really have a law to that effect, about
which there seems to be some dispute between the
Legislature and Governor Denver;) if, under this
law, the convention elected should assemble and
remodel the Lecompton constitution, or make an
entire new one before Kansas is admitted, and
present that here indue form, either with or with-
out having first submitted it to a vote of the peo-
ple, I hold we should be bound to receive it; and
if it was found to have been made in conformity
with the requirements of law, giving all a full and
fair opportunity to participate in the proceedings,
I think wo would be bound to acccptit as the last
expression of the sovereign will of the people;
for I hold that the power of the people is not
exhausted by being once exercised. Upon this
point, however, I do not hereby design to commit
myself. " Sufficient unto the day is the evil there-
of."
I do not agree with some honorable gentlemen
on this side of the House, that the vote for State
and legislative officers under this constitution, on
the 4th of January, by the free-State men, is an
estoppel, and closes their mouths against a denial
of the legality of the constitution. Under strict
rules of law, I admit, it might have such effect.
But I cannot admit that these rigid rules apply to
this high court in such a case. I am of opinion
they had a right to guard against a'contingency
by electing officers under the constitution, and at
the same time protest that the constitution was
void; so that, if it should be afterwards decided
Against them in this court, they would have the
advantage of their election. 1 think they had a
right, a legal and constitutional right, on that day,
peaceably, at the polls, first to vote for the Stale
and other officers under the constitution, and then
immediately vote,underthe provisions of the ter-
ritorial law, against the constitution; and in tins
view I think 1 am sustained by the instructions
of the President to Governor Denver, to see that
the people were protected in their right to vote at
i that election. They had also a right to send the
| result of that vote here, just as they would have
I presented u petition making known their views
I and wishes; and then the result is with us. Jf
i we find, upon examination, that they come here
1 with clean hands; if the grievances of which they
complain are real, and are such as we can redress,
it is our duty to redress them. I extend to them
in this case every right and privilege which equity
can claim; and if they have a case in which equity
can entitle them to relief, then, in the name of all
that is sacred, just, and right, give them relief.
But if,upon investigation, we find that these griev-
ances are the rc-sult of their own negligence and
inaction, their own folly and ciime; if we find that
the law afforded them ample means of protecting
themselves against these wrongs, or of ledressing
the wrongs affer they were committed; if we find,
as we do in this case, that the wrongs of which
they complain arc the consequence of their own
willful and obstinate resistance of the law and
violation of its requirements, combined with a
stubborn refusal to avail themselves of its provis-
ions; then, sir, there is no principle of equity or
of justice that they can invoke. They may in-
voke our sympathy; they may ask for favor; but
justice and equity they cannot demand.
I propose next to consider briefly the right of
the people to amend the constitution. In a case
growing out of the Dorr rebellion, the Supreme
Court use the following language:
" No one. we believe, hae evci doubted the proposition
that, aceoiding to the institutions of this country, the sov-
ereignty m every State resides in the people of the State,
and Uiat they may alter and change tlieir form ofgovernment
at their own plea^uie.55
Following out the idea herein expressed, the
