1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
politicaifamily,"&c. This person or description
of persons, by a bold falsification of history, is
assumed to be the descendants of African slaves.
Butadmit the libelous assumption of this unwrit-
ten and fraudulent intention, how clear the logic!
"For the same reason," indeed ? Because a State
has authorized the Federation to make rules by
which aliens may acquire citizenship, for that
reason it has parted with all power over the subjcct,
not of alien age, bat ofcitizenship. It has, therefore,
no power to say whether its native-born inhabit-
ants shall or shall not be general citizens; though,
by this game instrument that grants this power
over alienage, all powers not delegated are ex-
pressly reserved, and all its citizens are expressly
made general citizens I I know not what deduc-
tions of reason may be clear to eyes filled with
slave plantations; to eyes blinded by passion
and interest; but if any school-boy, on any other
theme, should so boggle in logic, he would be
at once promoted from the forum to the dunce-
block.
But suppose a State change this intention, if it
ever existed: its general power over citizenship
is clearly reserved, and under the liberalizing in-
fluence of Democracy and Christianity, it may
abandon a design it was always ashamed to put
on the record. What is to hinder ? But it has no
power, says the Chief Justice, and ./or the reason
that it has delegated to Congress the power to
make rules of naturalization. "Well, then, we
must look to Congress to naturalize these persons.
But Congress can only provide for the naturaliza-
tion of aliens; and these persons are native born.
And thus wo have a " description of persons"
that can never be made citizens; and for the reason
that Congress may naturalize another descrip-
tion of persons!
And is this the new phase of the doctrine of
State rights? I have looked with anxious atten-
tion for the protests of those who annually in-
dorse the resolutions of 1798 against this last and
boldest in this court's long series of attacks upon
the sovereignty of the States. The power of the
States over citizenship, as clearly reserved, with
the exception named, as any power enn he; and
the rights of those citizens to general citizen-
ship, guarantied as plainly as language can do
it, are impudently denied, and by a reasoning
that would disgrace a freshman. And yet these
guardians of State sovereignty, men boisterous in
defense of a State's right to oppress, clamorously
echo the denial. The people of some of the States
are believed—I wish there were no doubt of the
fact—to be as earnestly devoted to justice, to the
•doctrines of the declaration and the spirit of the
Constitution, as others are supposed to be to their
opposite. To render fruitless that devotion, State
sovereignty, and with it the Constitution, must
be overthrown. "Well may the colored American
view with vengeful joy the madness of his insane
tormentors, as he sees them in their eagerness to
destroy every refuge from their hate, pull down
upon their own heads the fair fabric of their own
constitutional freedom!
But the doctrinal heresy of this opinion does
not excecd its gross perversions of history. I do
not propose now to wade through the mass of
those perversions; to trace the garbled facts and
false innuendoes; the appeals to low prejudice and
despotic fears; the slanders of the great dead, and
the miserable reasoning (?) that pervade it. With
sorrowful emotions have I been through them all;
and I have sometimes imagined the shades of Jay
and of Marshall—men with whose national doc-
trines I have little sympathy, yet men who loved
law and revered justice—to be sadly looking o'er
with me the dirty page, wondering that they ever
should have looked to irresponsible bodies as a
check upon popular injustice.
The main historical claim I alone have time to
notice. " When the Constitution was adopted,"
says the syllabus, " they (free negroes) were not
regarded in any of the States as members of the
community which constituted the State, and were
not numbered among its 4 people or citizens.5 "
If this claim be true, it must be susceptible of
the most unequivocal proof. Upon so important
a question it will never do to admit a doubt; and
the rule excluding these persons must have been
clear and explicit; yet such explicit exclusion is
not pretended; but the fact is sought to be estab-
lished by a series of strained inferences and mere
guesses. Resort is not had to the law and the .
testimony. Statutes, constitutions, records, are
passed by as unworthy of attention; and the as-
sumption of theexclusion is founded upon the fact
alone that the ancestors of its subjects had been
enslaved, and they themselves were sometimes
unjustly treated—as though Governments had
done anything else, in this world of ours, than op-
press, directly or indirectly, one class or another
of their citizens or subjects.
This, then, is the proposition: " thatno person
whose ancestors had been oppressed, and who
was himself ill-treated by the colonists, could
have been numbered among the people or citi-
zens." I would advise caution to those who pro-
pose to accept this proposition, a close examina-
tion of the geneological tree, lest the conclusion
might apply where least expected.
But the great birth Act of the Republic is in the
way of the court, and the audacious sacrilege with
which that act is treated,I confess, surprises me.
The great principles of justice and natural law
upon which it was founded—those principles that
alone redeemed our fathers from the charge of
criminal rebellion—arelimitedto a race, to amere
fraction of the human family; and failing in argu-
ment to prove this limitation, the court majesteri-
ally pronounces it " too clear for dispute. " The
idea, so sublime yet so simple, that the common
Father of mankind has endowed His children
with rights which cannot be taken from them—
the right to life and the right to liberty—this di-*
vine idea, the harmonic chain of human society,
before which our fathers bowed in humble contri-
tion for their own inconsistency, yet in fervent
hope for its full realization, because of this incon-
sistency is shorn of its holiness, is made but the
precept of tyranny. That sentence that has com-
manded the homage of mankind, this court would
thus sneenngly render: " we hold these truths to
be self-evident, that the superior races, if born of
free mothers, are created equal; that they are en-
dowed by their Creator with certain inalienable
rights; that among them are life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness; that to secure these rights
Governments are instituted, deriving their just
powers from the consent of such races, if free and
white, among the governed."
But .our fathers deserve not this taunt. That
they were not wholly consistent, is too true—and
what human institutions realize the ideal of those
who are leading us onward and upward?—but
none were more keenly sensible than they of this
inconsistency; none could be more anxious to be
redeemed from its charge; and not by apostacy
to their sublime faith, but by " works meet for
repentance." We accordingly find the great and
good anions; them anxiously laboring to carry out
the doctrines of the Declaration, and as under-
stood by them,not by this court. Franklin, Jay,
Hamilton, and others, became officers of societies
for the abolition of slavery and protection of the
free. And to illustrate our own apostacy from '
these truths, in contrast with their former appre-
ciation, I ask attention to the fact that a recent
officer of the same society of which Franklin was
president, for pursuing its legitimate work — a
work that wove the brightest flowers in the chap-
let on the brow of the philosopher—was illegally
thrown into prison by a Federal judge, while his
own State refused him protection, and his own
city applauded the outrage. So Washington and
Jefferson, and all others whose names posterity
holds in reverence, united in condemning slavery, |
and especially as a glaring inconsistency with the j
principles of the Declaration.
But to be more specific: This court was forced
to admit, and thereby admitted away its whole
case, that all who were citizens in the severa
States at the time of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, became citizens of the United States. (Page
408.) So we have only to inquire whether free
blacks were then citizens m any of the States.
I assert that the native born among them were
then citizens in all the States, because—
i 1. They were citizens by the general law, by
j virtue of their nativity, unless excluded by ex-
| press and unequivocal enactments; and I have
: been unable to find such exclusion in any of the
' States.
2. The Articles of Confederation had made them
general citizens. " The free inhabitants of each
of these States, paupers, vagabonds, and fugitives
from justice excepted, shall be entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of free citizens in the
several States." It would seem that nothing
could be more plain than this, and especially when
an unsuccessful attempt was made to amend it
by inserting " white" before " inhabitants,"and *
especially, also, as the article itself contains ex-
ceptions not including negroes. And yet, with
characteristic effrontery, this court asserts that
"free inhabitants" cannot include free negroes,
and for the reason—mark the logic—that the
southern States, in order to throw the chief bur-
den of the war upon the States best able to bear
it, procured the adoption of the provision that the
quota of land forces should be proportioned to
the " white inhabitants" of the States. Because
of this apportionment of troops, therefore—no,
" therefore" is not sufficiently positive, and the
sequitur requires a very strong connective;" it can-
not for a moment be supposed," says the court,
that " free inhabitants" can mean other than free
white inhabitants ! This sequitur reminds roe of
the boy's syllogism: " I gave my knife for aride
to Boston; my knife cost fifty cents; it is there-
fore fifty miles to Boston." If any one doubts
the conclusion, it can be at once nailed by some
i authoritative pronuncidmiento that "none other
can for a moment be supposed." What fools
composed the delegations that sought to insert
" white" as restrictive ofgeneral citizenship, and
with others actually procured its insertion as re-
strictive of their obligation to raise troops! They
should have known that it was always under-
stood.
3. They were universally recognized as citizens.
The elective franchise, till very recently granted
to none but citizens, was conferred upon them in
nearly all the original States; was within my own
recollection enjoyed in North Carolina, Tennes-
see, and Pennsylvania, and still is in New York
and nearly all the New England States. Their
citizenship itself was scarcely, if at all, disputed.
South Carolina and Delaware alone refused them
the rights of electors, but I cannot learn that
even there the general law upon the subject was
doubted or sought to be changed.
The new-fangled idea of this court was clearly
unknown in 1809. In that year Mr. Wain pre-
sented to the House an anti-slavery petition from
the free men of color of Philadelphia. The peti-
tioners expressly spoke of themselves as citizens
of the United States; and although the petition
caused two whole days of angry discussion, none
disputed the fact of citizenship, or claimed for it
anydifferent treatment than though it came from
whites.
I can only allude to the complaint of Mr. Jeffer-
son against the attack of a British ship-of-war
upon the Chesapeake, and killing and seizing
"American citizens "—those citizens being ne-
groes; to the proclamation of General Jackson at
New Orleans, calling upon the free colored peo-
ple, as citizens, to rally in defence of their coun-
try; the final resolution of Congress admitting
Missouri into the Union, overruling one clause
of her constitution against free men of color from
other States, because it contravened that clause of
the Constitution guarantying general citizenship;
or to the former practice of granting foreign pass-
ports to free colored as well as white citizens; and
cannot allude at all to the thousand other similar
instances that challenge attention. They all ren-
der absurd the assumption that these persons
"were not regarded in any of the States as mem-
bers of the community," &c.
I have no time to go into further detail; but in-
asmuch as the Chief Justice has asserted that
"it cannot be believed that the larger slaveholding
States regarded them as included m the word citi-
zens," I will briefly refer to the acts of Virginia
on the subject, which I believe was a tolerably
large slaveholdmg State. . .
The first action of Virginia upon citizenship I
find in 10 Henuing, p. 129-30, in the act of May
3, 1779, " declaring who shall be deemed citizens
of this Commonwealth." By that act it was pro-
vided, " that all white persons,"&c., and "the
free white inhabitants of every one of the States,5
should be deemed citizens, and should enjoy all
the rights, &c., of citizens of Virginia. This re-
striction to "white persons "within the State was
so contrary to the general law, and to the spirit
of the day, and the restriction to the " white in-
habitants" of the other States was so contrary
to the Articles of Confederation, that at the Octo-
ber session, 1783, (11 Henning, 323-4) the act
