260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
I'jtii Cong.... 1st Skss.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Leidy.
Ho. of Reps.
constitution of Kansas, in the bill of rights, de-
clares:
w2. Ail political power is inherent in the people, and all
free yovernmenH are founded on their uuthouty, and inM.i-
tiivO«l tor their benefit; and Therefore they have at all rinses
nn inalienable and indefeasible right to alter, reform, or
jHiobah their form of government in such manner as they
iikiv think piopcr."
Here we have it first laid down by the Supreme
Court asasettled, unquestioned proposition, that
the sovereignty of the State resides m the people
of the State; and that, as a consequence resulting
from the foregoing, this people, being sovereign,
may alter and change their form of government
at their own pleasure. Then wo, have, in the con-
stitution of Kansas itself, the truth of this prop-
osition reaffirmed and still more emphatically set
forth, declaring that the people of Kansas have
at all times an inalienable and indefeasible right
to alter, reform, &c., their government in such
manner as they may think proper—not at such
times and in such manner as is prescribed in the
constitution, the fundamental law of the govern-
ment, but at all limes, and in any manner. And
this right is " inalienable and indefeasible;" the
pai ties possessing it cannot part with it them-
selves; cannot alien it; nor can they be deprived
of it by others.
Now, if this is a right inherent in the people,
inalienable and indefeasible,existing at all times,
then I take it that no provision whatever in the
constitution could possibly affect it, or restrain
its exercise. But in the constitution of Kansas
no attempt is made to restrain thin right; but on
the contraiy, it is expressly reserved, and ac-
knowledged. The natural, or political rights of
an individual or community, cannot be diverted
but by express, positive law; but here seems to
boa nghtwhich is above laws and constitutions;
the owners cannot part with it; constitutions and
laws cannot defeat it. There is, however, no
attempt in this constitution to interfere with this
right. It is true, theio is in this instrument an
article, or section, regulating amendments after
tlie yiir 1804; but not amendments by the people,
but by the I legislature. Wilt it be asked why tins
vseetion relating to amendments was introduced, if
not to prevent amendments in any other manner
than therein expressed* 1 answer, the Legisla-
tive has not, except by a constitutional grant, any
power over the constitution, cither to make, alter,
amend, or abolish; and this section was inserted
lor tiie puiposo of giving to that body this power.
l>ut the grant, icgulations, and lestnctions con-
tained in thi.s section apply exclusively to the I jC-
gi-djtnve, and do not in any manner ailed, limit,
or restrain the rights of the people. Under this
giant the Legislature may, after 1864, alter and
aim ;ui the constitution as therein provided. Prior
to tins time no such power can be exercised by
that body; for even if the powei to alter and
amend did not depend upon the constitutional
grant, still the fixing ofa day after which this
power may be exorcised, would, by implication,
preclude the exercise of the pow< r prior to that
day. And surely, during thiu peuod which must
elapse between the time of State organization and
the year 1864, no exercise of the power of the peo-
ple in the way of making amendments, or alter-
ations, can conflict with any legisiatUe powers,
for no such powers exist, llow is it after 1864 ?
1 do not see any difficulty even after that date. Sup-
pose the Legislature, after LS04, refuse to amend
the constitution in the manner therein prescribed,
uhi< li requires a two-thuds vote, and suppose by
a majority of that body a law is passed providing
for the election of delegates to a convention to
amend, and in this manner the constitution should
be amended: would this act of the people conflict
in any way with the legislative right? The Legis-
lature refuse to act in the premises in the manner
prescribed by law, and then the people, in the
exercise of their original inherent power, act for
themselves. I see no inconsistency, no conflict of
authority.
Air. Chairman, there arc a uuinbei of other mat-
t'*rs connected with this subjcct which I desired
to notice, but time will not permit. The subject
of frauds, on which so much stress has been placed
in tiie discussion of this qu< stion, might piopeily
claim a little more eonsiueration than 1 have been
able to give it, I can, however, merely allude to it
again. I do not pretend that there were no frauds
perpetrated by the successful party in Kansas. On
the contrary, I have no doubt there were frauds,
gross frauds, and wrongs, perpetrated there by
individuals of both parties—such frauds as must
forever disgrace the parties who participated in
them, and forever render them unworthy of the
confidence and respect of honest men. That these
frauds were not confined to either party, cannot
now be denied; that a few lawless men in Kan-
sas, aided and encouraged by men equally lawless
outside of that Territory, have not only disgraced
themselves, and disturbed the peace and retarded
the prosperity of her people, but have agitated the
whole nation, will not be controverted; and that
the great mass of the people there really desire a
cessation of these evils, and will gladly accept of
the opportunity which a State organization will
afford them, of ridding themselves of the power
and influence of these " pestilent fejlows," is, I
believe, equally true.
Mr. Chairman, I have now presented all that
time will permit, in defense of the immediate ad-
mission of Kansas as a State, under the consti-
tution which she has presented to us. 1 might
add many other considerations which have their
influence upon my mind; but I will here briefly
say, 1 shall vote for the admission of Kansas, be-
cause I believe that the people of that Territory,
of all parties, really desire to have 9 State organ-
ization, as has been sufficiently indicated, not only
by the direct vote upon that question, but by their
applications made here for admission; because I
believe that she has the requisite population, that
the interests of Kansns and of the nation require it.
1 shall vote for its admission under the Lecomp-
ton constitution, because it is the only instrument
presented here with her present application; be-
cause 1 believe that the proceedings, so far as we
can judge, under which that constitution has been
prepared and adopted, have been conducted in
conformity with the requiiements of law, and in
such manner that the people of Kansas have had
full and fair opportunity to participate k4 through
their representatives" in its formation. And that
it must be regarded as the legal expression of the
will of the people; because it wtil place the people
of Kansas in a condition to have their own Gov-
ernor and other State officers, who, being elected
by themselves, and from amoniy themselves, will
necessarily command more fully the confidence
of the people than such officers appointed by the
national Adrniinstiation, and theieforc subject to
external influence and control, could possibly re-
ceive; which officers, coming directly from the
people; and dependent upon them alone for polit-
ical picferment, having all their interests, personal
and political, identified with those of the people,
will have the strongest possible motives for con-
sulting their will and wishes. Because, with their
State oigunization, with the legislative and exec-
utive officers all under their own control, and sub-
ject to (heir will, that will must at once become
the law of the State, and will indicate itself in
their legislative acts as well asm the speedy alter-
ation of.' their constitution to such form as they
may desire. A.nd because, without admission, I
see no prospect of an end of strife and agitation
which have so long vexed and disgraced not only
the people of Kansas but us as a nation. And
with admission 1 entertain the fullest confidence
that peace and harmony and prosperity will be
at once restored to thai divided and distracted
people.
1 shall vote for admission becausc of the con-
sequences which will, 111 my opinion, inevitably
result from a rejection of this application; for if
we reject this application for the leasons which
have been urged by the Opposition, we hold out
to the future the strongest possible inducements
for a recurrence of these scenes whenever any Ter-
ritory is hereatter about making application for
admission as a State. If ,ve allow the perverse-
ness,the lawlessness, the obstinacy,and rebellion
of a portion of tie; people of Kansas, be it a mi-
nority or a majority, to constitute a ground for
the rejection of the application of those who, what-
ever may have bfen their errors, then* follies, or
their crimes, have sustained the authority of the
Government there, and m their proceedings have
conformed to all the requirements of law, we oner
a reward for perverseness, lawlessness, obstinacy,
and rebellion in the future. But if we, as in duty
we are bound, recognize only those proceedings
which have been in accordance with law; if we
refuse to recognize theinegular action of the tui-
bulent and the lawless; if, by our decision we give
notice to all others in like case offending that no
advantage can possibly result from such a course,
that they thereby peril their most important in-
terests, we shall piesent a strong motive for the
future observance of law and order.
Another consequence has been suggested by
some honorable gentlemen as likely to result from
a refusal by Congress to admit Kansas under this
constitution, namely, a dissolution of the Union.
Although I have 110 fears of such result from anv
cause, and much less from such a cause; anil
although this is the first time that I have had the
honor to address a legislative body, I cannot con-
clude my remarks without entering my protest
against this cry of dissolution. I am aware that
this is 110 novel project. Since the first organiza-
tion of the Republic we have heard these intima-
tions. Scarcely had the ink become dry upon the
parchmenton which was recorded the sacred com-
pact, until these " prophets of woe" began their
dolefulpredictions. MassachusettsandSouthCar-
olina, Alabama and Wisconsin, and other States,
each in her turn has pronounced the doom of the
Union Vain prediction ! Idle threat!
Dissolve this Union? And for what? Is the
nominal fieedom of a few thousand negro slaves
an object so dear to the hearts of northern gentle-
men that, to effect it, they will hazard the liber-
ties of the millions of freemen both North and
South? Is the extension of the domains of nil-
very of such paramount importance to the inter-
est, the prosperity, and the honor of southern
ge'ntlemen, as to be purchased at the sacrifice
of the priceless legacy bequeathed to them by
their Washingtons, their Jelfersons, their Mad-
isons, Monroes, and Henrys, and the long list of
other woi thies of whom they are so justly proud ?
Shall we, the sons of those great and good men
who framed this glorious structure, and with such
admirable skill adjusted its several parts, who laid
Us sure foundations deep imbedded in the princi-
ples of eternal truth, and firmly based upon that
immovable rock, the right of man to self-govern-
ment, who cemented it together with their hearts'
best blood, and consecrated it with their devout-
est prayers, who left upon its every part the im-
press of their lofty patriotism and their deep
devotion to the principles of civil and leligious
liberty; shall we, their sons, for such inadequate
considerations, demolish this gumd edifice, and
scatter its fragments to the winds? Never, never!
We, upon this floor, may talk of dissolution;
but we forget that there is, behind us and abovo
us, an irresistible power, which holds, and will
forever hold, tins Union firm and indissoluble—
the powei of the people—a people who cherish
this Union in their heait of hearts; whoso blood
and treasure aie forever pledged to its support
and defense. That people will never pet rnit this
Union, sanctified by the blood of their ancestors,
and hallowed by every feeling of national and
individual pride and honor, to be dissevered by
any ruthless hand.
Sir, this Union was formed to be perpetual;
and it will live through coming time. And even
but half a century hence, when this Hall shall
have ceased to be the scene of our national coun-
cils and our national conflicts; when the capital
of this great nation, seeking some more central
point, shall have fixed its location on one of the
broad prairies west of the Mississippi; when,
perhaps, Kanaas, now the scene of tuunoil and
strife, shall have become the seat and center of this
empire of freedom; when fifty States shall cluster
round that center, and fifty stars shall grace our
still unsullied and unriven flag, our sons, then
grown gray with age, will, as tkey read the his-
tory of these days, smite at our causeless fears,
and marvel at our weakness. Mr. Chairman, I
icpeat it, I have 110 fears of a dissolution of thia
Union. For—
'•'What Gnd in His wisdom and mercy designed,
Ai.d a'mfd with [li* weapons of thunder,
Not ; 11 Oi earthS despots and factions combined
Have the power to conquer or sunder."
