212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
was expressly repealed, and it was then enacted
that4 4 all free persons bom within the territory of
this Commonwealth * # * shall be deemed citi-
zens of this Commonwealth."
Thislastact continued in force some fortyyears,
till a race arose that "knew not Josepk''—till after
the commencement of thatgrand defection which
has culminated in the Dred Scott decision. "It
cannot be believed," indeed! If this court would
'give more attention to facts, and less to desnotic
interest and instincts, it might be led to believe
many things yet hidden from its sight.
There is another fact in the legislation of Vir-
ginia, that may throw a little light upon the in-
quiry, as to whom this large slaveholding State
regarded as included in the word citizen. In 9
Henning, 267-8,1 find " an act for regulating and
disciplining the militia," passed May 5, 1777,
and m force, so far as I find, at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution. It begins as fol-
lows:
" For forming the citizens of this Commonwealth into a
militia, and disciplining the same for defense thereof, be it
enacted by the General Assembly, that all free male peisons,
hired servants# and apprentices," between the ages, of fifteen
and fifty year*, (except the Governor, &c.,) shall, by the
commanding officer of the county in which they ieside, he
enrolled and formed into companies of not less than thirty-
two, nor more than sixty-eight rank and file, and these com-
panies shall again be formed into battalions," &c.
Here we have it on the record, plain and un-
equivocal, in the first year of our independence.
" All free male persons" are expressly recognized
as included in the words " citizen of this Com-
monwealth." " But this { cannot be believed;'"
our court would say. " * The large slaveholding
States' could not so regard them; and as we have
decided that ' free inhabitants' means free white
inhabitants, so 4 free male persons' must mean
free white male persons." but, as if anticipating
modem judicial acumen, the same act g^ocs on to
say: "the free mulattoes in said companies or bat-
talions, shall be employed as drummers, fifers, or
pioneers." So it must " be believed" that " free
male persons" means free male persons.
Further, oil page 280, I find it provided, that
the recruiting officers shall not " enlist any negro
or mulatto into the service of this or either of the
United States, until such negro or mulatto shall
produce a certificate from some justice of the peace
of the county wlieiein he resides, that he is a free
man."
And in view of the fact that all the States en-
listed in the armies of the Revolution their free
■colorod, as well as white citizens, and upon the
same terms; that they flocked to their country's
standard with the same alacrity as the whites;
that they fought and bled on every battle-field—
the first blood shed in*the contest being that of a
negro; that ever since, they have been pensioned
under the same ktws as white soldiers; how in-
tensely mean the bald assumption that they were
not a part of the people of the United States! Great
are the necessities of despotism, and humiliating
the shifts to which it drives its votaries'
If those who fought through the war to establish
our liberties, who were electors in nearly every
State, and voted for the delegates that adopted the
Constitution, who were embraced under the gen-
eral law of citizenship, and nowhere excluded—
if they formed no part of the people or citizens of
the country, I should like to know on what rest
the claims of any man, when the necessities of
despotism demand his exclusion?
I have, I believe, succeeded in showing that
United States citizenship,in respect to natives, is
a matter exclusively of State regulation; so that
the citizens of each State are citizens of the Uni-
ted States; and 1 have also negatived the assump-
tion that colored natives were nowhere treated and
considered as a part of the people, or citizens of
the several States, at the adoption of the Federal
Constitution. So that, with the undisputed and
universal modern law, that makes all native mem-
bers of the community citizens, which law is no-
where repealed, and is faithfully enforced in many
of the States, it plainly appears that a native-born
free descendant of African slaves may be a citizen
of the United States.
_ I have thus sought to vindicate the law, the
rightsof the States, and the rights of an oppressed
class. 1 know that some are disturbed by any
allusion to the wrongs of mere blacks. They
would get the negro out of politics, not by bind-
ing up his wounds, but by passing by on the other
side. To such shallow politicians I have only to
say that, if you have not the moral instincts that
impelyou to withstand injustice wherever exhib-
ited, at least have the sagacity to look to your own
future. Tyranny always creeps on apace. Its
first precedents pander to the public appetites, or
flatter the public prejudice. Power after power
has been drawn to this tribunal; till, grown strong
by acquiescence, and reckless by strength, at last
the very political existence of individuals is as-
sailed. Verdant, indeed, would it have been had
its attack not chimed with the vulgar prejudice.
But let this become an undisputed precedent, and
upon whom will light the next proscriptive edict?
and how long before political opinion, rather than
complexion, will be cause of outlawry? When
will men learn that though justice may for a time
sleep, its exactions are inflexible and its penalties
sure ?
Mr. HASKIN. From the latitude taken in
debate upon the resolution of the distinguished
gentleman from Mississippi, [ Mr. Q,uitman,]
from the discursive character of that debate, and
especially from the remarks which fell from the
distinguished gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] attacking Commodore Paulding, who is
my immediate constituent, I feel it to be my duty,
as his congressional Representative on this floor,
to say something, feeble though it may be, in
vindication of his gallant conduct in arresting the
expedition of Walker against Nicaragua.
I listened, Mr. Chairman, with attention and
respect to the remarks submitted by the honora-
ble gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,]
a gentleman whom, as a New Yorker, as a dis-
tinguished civilian as well as general, I am proud
that the State of New York gave to Mississippi.
With many of the remarks which fell from the
lips of that gentleman respecting the repeal of the
neutrality laws, I concur. At the proper time,
and under proper circumstances, I will perhaps
be prepared to go as far as any member of the re-
sponsible majority of thisraouse in favor of a
suspension of the neutrality laws. But, sir, I will
not do it for the reasons assigned by that gentle-
man.
He said, in the course of his remarks, that it
was not the duty of this Government to interfere
in a fight between individuals; and upon that he
founded his argument in favor of a repeal of the
neutrality laws. I concede his proposition; but
when you apply his doctrine to an armed expedi-
tion, fitted out to invade a nation with which we
are at peace, then I will not go with him for such
a repeal of the neutrality laws. It was in a case
of this kind, and to meet a case of this character,
that these identical neutrality laws of 1818 were
passed. From an examination of them, it appears
to me that thoy were prepared with aviewtothis
very case of Walker and his men; and it is a sin-
gular fact, it is a remarkable coincidence of time,
that in this very year 1818, Arbuthnot and Ara-
brister were hung as high as Haman by General
Jackson for doing against this Government that
which, in my judgment, was not more reprehen-
sible than what Walker has done towards a coun-
try with which we are at peace—towards a weak
people, the Nicaraguans.
From an examination of the neutrality laws, I
find that the jurisdiction of the United States is
specially referred to. The jurisdiction is men-
tioned in terms—" within the United States," in
each of the preceding sections until you come
down to section eight. I am disposed to give to
that section the interpretation given to it by the
i gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock.] We
find in that section that there is no language con-
fining the jurisdiction within the limits of the Uni-
ted States; but the President, in the event of an
armed invasion being contemplated, in the event
of an armed expedition being fitted out, is author-
ized to call upon the Army and Navy to protect
our treaty obligations, and to sustain the honor
of our Government. In this section you find other
remarkable words, which do not appear in any
of the other sections of the law. In this case it
gives authority to capture a vessel within the
"jurisdiction and protection" of the United
States.
Now, sir, I contend on this floor, that, under
this law, and under the law of nations, Commo-
dore Paulding had the right to go without the
marine league; that he had the right to chase this
marauding expedition upon the high seas; had a
right to capture these men and bring them home.
Many will doubt whether he had the right to go
on land in Nicaragua. I am not here to say that
he had the legal right to do that. But, if a. treaty—
an inchoate treaty if you please—existed between
this Government and Nicaragua, by which we
are to protect the transit route, the instructions of
the Secretary of the Navy and of the President
of the United States, in view of carrying out this
treaty, warranted Commodore Paulding in going
on land and thus preventing, perhaps, a war with
England, and certainly an invasion of this weak
people. And, sir, I say it behooves the American
Congress to sustain our President and to sustain
Commodore Paulding.
The only party, on the face of the globe, that
has any right to object to this act of Commo-
dore Paulding, is the weak PowerofNicaragua—a
Power that commends the act; and it certainly does
not behoove the American Congress by any act
to justify conduct which was against our treaty
stipulations, and against the law of nations.
Now, sir, the distinguished gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] yesterday, in the
course of his remarks, referred to the sympathy .
manifested in this country for Poland and Hun-
gary. Sir, that was a generous and noble sym-
pathy. It was the sympathy of the American
nation in favor of an oppressed people striving to
throw off the shackles by which they were bound
by the despotic Governments of Austria and Rus-
sia; but, sir, I am not aware that there was any
attempt in the American Congress to legalize the
fitting out and sending off of an expedition from
our shores to their assistance. There was no at-
tempt to recognize by acts or deeds any interfer-
ence upon the part of our people, in obtaining the
freedom of Poland or Hungary.
The gentleman also referred to Lafayette. Sir,
his was a noble and generous sympathy. It was
the same sympathy in our behalf which was en-
listed here on behalf of Poland and Hungary.
Would either of these instances bear any par-
allel with this outlawed expedition of General
Walker?
But, sir, the immediate cause of my rising to
address the House to-day, were the remarks of
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
against Commodore Paulding, who is my con-
stituent, and whom it is my duty, in my feeble
way, to defend. He expressed an opinion, and
I concede to him the right to do it, and I know
he is liberal enough to concede to me the same
right of the expression of my opinion in oppo-
sition to his. The gentleman from Georgia said
on this floor, yesterday, that "General Walker
was a better man than Commodore Paulding."
It is to that remark I take exception. I deny that
he is a better man than Commodore Paulding.
Who is General Walker? The first I ever heard
of him was that at the head of a few dozen ad-
venturers he descended upon Sonora, where he
met with defeat. The next I heard of him he
made a descent upon Nicaragua, where he met
with a temporary success. At the head of that
Government the first thing he did to prove his
statesmanship and generalship was to levy upon
the steamers belonging to the Transit Company,
thus cutting oft' all communication between his
own army and those who might have afforded
him supplies in men and ammunition from the
States, thus paving the way to his downfall and
the downfall of the men who were with him.
The next you hear of General Walker is in the
report of the Secretary of the Navy; and I desire
to call the attention of the House to the language
there used, relative to General Walker, for the
purpose of proving that the doctrine of reparation
cannot be applied m justice and equity to General
Walker. The Secretary of the Navy says:
"The unsatisfactory state of affaiis in New Granada and
poiuons of Central America required the increase of this
squadron, and the almost constant picsencc of a consider-
able force in the neighborhood, both on the Atlantic and the
Pacific. *********
"All the e men were brought home without previous
orders; but such wa^ their deplorable condition, that it wad
an act of humanity which could not and ought not to be
dispensed with ; a'ud the Depaitment appiovcd it. The ex-
pense of providing for them nccessary food, clothing, and
medickie, while on shipboard, amounted to $7,37(3 16, lor
which an appropriation is recommended. * * * .
"It was deemed riecessaiy, as a measure of humanity
and policy, to direct Commodore Mervn'p to £*ive Geneial
Walker and such of his men, citizens of the United States,
as were willing to embrace it, an opportunity to retreat
from Nicaiagua. Before these instructions were received,
