1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
a Pacific railroad bill, but I shall follow my col-
league, if he insists that the railroad bill shall be
first considered, and vote to take it up.
Mr. WADE. As a member of the Committee
on Territories, I feel bound to urge upon the Sen-
ate the propriety of taking up and passing the
Minnesota hill. It received the unanimous ap-
probation of the Committee on Territories. There
was no member of that committee who could see
any objection to the admission of Minnesota into
the Union, and, by a unanimous report, we agreed
that it ought to be admitted. That report was
made some time ago. The Senators-and Repre-
sentatives of Minnesota have been here for along
time. They feel aggrieved; they feel that they
have been kept out unreasonably, when there was
no one to say that they were not entitled to come
here and take their seats. When there is no ob-
jection to the admission of a State; when she has
complied with the law, and has received the ap-
probation of those charged with the investigation
of the question as to her right to admission, I
think our first act should be to adroit her, for it
seems to me to be one of the first duties that we
owe to ourselves to admit to seats in this body
all those who are entitled to them, and to oust all
those who are not entitled to seats. That seems
to me to be preliminary to all other business. In-
asmuch as there was no objection to the admis-
sion of this State urged in the committee, and I
do not know that there is any reason which can
be presented in the Senate against it, I hope the
bill will be taken up,and that we shall promptly
admit Minnesota into the Union.
Mr. STUART. I have a very strong desire
that the Senate should proceed this morning in
regard to the consideration of this question, as
free as possible from any feelings that may have
originated upon questions heretofore. It will be
admitted, I think, that the question of admitting a
State into the Union is one of the very first char-
acter in importance—a subject that is entitled to
the earliest consideration of Congress. I think
it will also be conceded that in this case the State
having organized itself under an act of Congress
and come into complete organization, having
elected Senators and Representatives, who have
been here, as it is known, for some time, the case
presents itself in the strongest form, and it may
be said fairly to be but an act of common justice
to the State of Minnesota to receive her into the
Union as early as may be. I hope I am justified,
also, in believing that it can be done now without
controversy, without any unnecessary consump-
tion of time; and with a view to this I beg to sug-
gest to the honorable Senator from California
whether he will not facilitate his bill by allowing
this question to come up and be acted upon, as I
hope and believe it will be, without any unne-
cessary consumption of time. I think that he
will. Of course I have no desire to intrude my
opinions upon himat all. 1 acknowledge that the
bill of which he has charge is an important one;
and I think as important to the country as it is
to the State of California. It will, however, in-
volve more or less of discussion, as such a sub-
ject always has and always will. Without as-
suming that a vote upon this proposition now
would be a test of any Senator s opinions, and
without seeing the necessity for any such test, I
think we may fairly, deliberately, with pretty
much common consent, agree to take up the Min-
nesota bill and dispose of it. It is with that feel-
ing, and that alone, that I shall vote to postpone
the Pacific railroad bill and take up the Minne-
sota bill, in the belief that it is an act of para-
mount importance to dispose of it. I hope the
Minnesota bill will be taken up.
Mr. GWIN. I have not a particle of objection
to the admission of Minnesota. I am in favor of
it, and have been in favor of it from the begin-
ning. I believe her Senators are entitled to their
seats on this floor now. I have entertained that
opinion from the day of the presentation of the
credentials of one of them by the Senator from
Kentucky, and I endeavored to get the floor on
that occasion to say so. I do not wish to damage
the measure which I have in charge here, by being
pertinacious before the Senate. I know that I j
occupy a position of very considerable responsi- i
biiity. The Senatorfrom Georgia has given notice
that the necessity for the Army bill is pressing,
and I do not wish the measure which I have m
charge to be ii> the way of passing that bill through
the Senate, as it is so necessary to the wants of
the Government; nor do I wish to put it in the
way of another measure that I am entirely in
favor of. Now, if the Minnesota bill can be taken
up and acted upon forthwith, without unneces-
sary delay, I shall certainly be disposed to give
way for it. If that be the case, I shall not inter-
pose any objection in taking up that bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us take it up and try it.
Mr. GWIN. I understand, from Senators
around me, that there will be objection t,o the
Minnesota bill. My position is a peculiar one.
I am in favor of the admission of Minnesota as a
State. I am in favor of passing the Army bill as
it has come to us from the House of Represent-
atives, with the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. Both of those meas-
ures require early action, and it seems to me will
not occupy much time. At the same time, I am
in charge of this other measure, and I shall be
held responsible for any mistake on my part by
which it may be put in jeopardy. It is now ahead
of the Minnesota bill, and the Army bill, and
everything else, but I do not desire any pertina-
city of mine to damaee it.
Mr. PUGH. I promise the Senator from Cal-
ifornia that he will assist his bill forward, if he
will allow us to take up the Minnesota bill. He
cannot expect a vote on his bill at once.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator from Califor-
nia is under the impression that by taking up the
Minnesota bill, the bill which he has in charge
for making the Pacific railroad may be advanced,
he may probably find himself mistaken. As I
said on a former occasion, 1 entertain no opposi-
tion to the admission of Minnesota into the Union,
provided it appears that she is in a condition to
be admitted, as far as all the proper requisites of
State government are concerned. I shall proba-
bly make no opposition to the bill, certainly none
because of the fact that she has prohibited slavery
or will prohibit slavery within her limits; but we
all know that on a late occasion the bill l'or the
admission of Kansas was carried only after a
most contested opposition in this Chamber, and
conducted almost exclusively upon the ground that
African slavery was tolerated within her limits.
Now,in that state ofthings, thequestionof thead-
mission or rejection of a State being a question of
policy, proper policy, by which all Senators are to
be governed, they having no right to demand it
as a matter of right, I shall not only feel myself
at liberty, but called upon, to look into the meas-
ure for the admission of Minnesota, as a question
of policy purely; and, therefore, I ain disinclined
to take up this bill, or to act upon it until wp see
what course may be taken in the other branch of
the Legislature on the bill that we have sent to
them. I mean to disclaim, in the opposition I
shall make to taking up the bill for the admission
of Minnesota, any purpose, when it can come
before us under other auspices, to resist its ad-
mission on any ground now known to me; butif
it shall be found to be the will of the majority to
take up this bill, I think it will not be so easily
passed as the Senator from California anticipates
on the suggestion that has just been made.
Mr. SEWARD. I think it will turn out, when
we come to vote on this question, that the friends
of the Minnesota bill, and the friends of the Paci-
fic railroad bill, are the same persons,or very nearly
so. At all events, that is my condition. I am
very much in the condition of the captain in the
play; I should be very happy with either of these
bills, " were t'other dear charmer away." I have
got to choose between the two which should come
first. 1 think the interest of the Pacific railroad
would be advanced by the passage of the Minne-
sota bill first. I think it is due to that measure
to give the Minnesota bill a hearing,and, if there
is to be a question of policy about it, there can be
no better time for its consideration than now. But,
independent of all these questions, I think, when
a State has been invited into the Union, and has
matured and completed her proceedings for that
purpose and appears at the bar of the Senate, and
has been kept in waiting three months, it is time
her application should be received, heard, and de-
cided. For these reasons, I shall vote for the
motion to take up the Minnesota bill. i
There is another consideration; and that is, I
that, contrary to my opinions and wishes, the j
Pacific railroad bill was made to yield to the Kan- !
sas question, and Minnesota was delayed for the I
same reason, against my wishes. I think, there-
fore, that I do but an act of duty in giving my
support to the taking up of the Minnesota bill;
although, if I shall be overruled, I shall cheer-
fully go on, and support the Senator from Cali-
fornia in his Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. GWIN. I will suggest to the honorable
Senator from New York whether he thinks, after
the notice I have received that this question is to
be discussed for days—I have heard it said for ten
days—I shall be justified in agreeing to the rail-
road bill being set aside to take up another ques-
tion, which may delay it that length of time? I
am in favor of the admission of Minnesota, and
have always been in favor of it. I have not a
word, by way of debate, to say in regard to it,
and I am ready to vote for it; but we have been
distinctly notified by Senators that it will be many
days before that question can be disposed of; and,
under the circumstances, !• shall feel bound to in-
sist that the special order be taken up.
Mr. BRODERICK. From the desire of my
colleague to take up the Pacific railroad hill, I
suppose he is satisfied that there is a majority of
the Senate in favor of it. If that is the case, I
suppose the sooner we proceed to discuss the
measure, and take a vote upon it, the better. But
it is well known to my colleague that the two gen-
tlemen claiming seats on this floor from Minne-
sota are in favor of the Pacific railroad bill. If
there is no opposition to the Pacific railroad on
the other side of the Chamber, and if all the gen-
tlemen on this side of the Chamber favor it, we
can take it up and dispose of it to-day. The only
question is, whether there is a majority of the
Senate in favor of it. If not, I think that my col-
league should allow the two Senators from Min-
nesota to take their seats on this floor before the
vote is taken on the Pacific railroad bill; but, as
I said a short time since, I am willing to follow
his lead. On him rests the responsibility of the
Pacific railroad bill; because, when I, and several
other Senators on this floor, attempted to get it up
before the Kansas bill was taken from the table,
but a feeble opposition was made to the taking up
of the Kansas bill. That effort was disposed in
three or four minutes, and Kansas was taken from
the table and considered, in preference to the Pa-
cific railroad. That measure has been in the
Chamber for the last four weeks. I am willing,
as I said, to follow the lead of my colleague, for
on him rests the responsibility of this act.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to take it. I have
never been afraid of responsibility.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am glad to hear it.
Mr. GWIN. I never will be. As to how the
question is going, I do not know more than any
other member of the Senate. I do not go around
and poll the Senate on this or any other question.
The bill is before the country as a great national
measure. In favor of it were the three candidates
for the Presidency during the last canvass; and
their friends and partisans are on this floor. I
take it for granted that they represent the public
sentiment of the count! y, which was so unequiv-
ocally declared in favor of this measure. I have
no objection to the Senators from Minnesota com-
ing here. I do not know that they are in favor of
this bill. It is the first time I ever heard they
were. I take it for granted they are. Being west-
ern Senators, and deeply interested in this meas-
ure, I take it for granted they are in favor of it.
I shall be glad to see them here. 1 have no ob-
jection to their coming here unless, by giving
preference to the bill to admit Minnesota over the
one I have in charge, I may put that in a position
which will do it harm instead of advancing it.
How do we know that these Senators will be here
when we pass the railroad bill? There is another
tribunal which has to act on the admission of
Minnesota as a State—the other House of Con-
gress. From the peculiar nature of their rules
they may postpone it for weeks and weeks. I
should be very willing to have those Senators
here, and I am anxious to have them here. I
think they are entitled to their seats now, but I
am not disposed to give place to any other meas-
ure that will lead to discussion, and delay the
consideration of the Pacific railroad bill. I have
very little to say in regard to the measure. I pro-
pose merely to state its details. I do not want any
obstacles thrown in its way. I should prefer ie
have the vote taken at once, but a question of such
vast magnitude we know will be debated, and I
