1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
ADMISSION OP KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. H. W. DAVIS,
OF MARYLAND,
I\r tiie House of Representatives,
March 30, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, said:
Mr. Chairman; The earlier explorers in. high
northern latitudes were perplexed at beholding
great icebcrgs mysteriously making their way to
the north against current and wind and tide.
Philosophers in the closet divined from the strange
phenomenon the existence of an under current
running counter to that of the surface that bore
them along. The disinterested spectator, Mr.
Chairman, of the coursc of this debate, ignorant
of our history for four years?, and of who now
holds the helm, would find himself similarly per-
plexed, and perhaps he might surmise a similar
solution.
That an Administration which professes to be
the god-father of" popular sovereignty," should
oppose the submission of a constitution to the
popular vote; that an Administration which is, in
name j Democratic, should propose to impose upon
the mujonty the will of the minority; that an Ad-
ministration elevated to power by the South,
agninst the will of the North, should urge, as the
shortest wav to accomplish the great purpose of
making Kansas a free State, her admission as a
slave State; that the Administration which pro-
fesses anxiety to preserve the peace of the coun-
try, should say that the shortest way to restore
the broken piece is, not to remove, but to fasten,
by irrevocable laws, in the form of a State consti-
tution guarantied by the united power of the coun-
tiy, that hateful oligarchy upon a people whose
neck was too tender to bear the weight of their
territorial yoke, which Congress could at any
moment alleviate; that these methods should be
taken to accomplish these purposes, may well
puzzle the speculator in exploring the hidden rea-
sons that drive men thus contrary to what appa-
rent reason—the ordinary method of guiding the
Commonwealth, the ordinary propelling powers
of the Government—would seem to dictate. And
possibly, Mr. Chairman, he might not be very far
from solving the problem if he were to assume
that the question is not so much how to accom-
plish the pacification of Kansas, or to make legis-
lation squaie with the dogma of " popular sover-
eignty," or to secure the right of the people to
form their own domestic institutions in theirown
way, which we are taught to believe is a new rev-
elation of the year of grace eighteen hundred and
litty-four—not so much any of those reasons as
to prevent the Administration, which boasted it-
self the om nipoti'nt pacificator, fi om being brought
to lick the dust, now, ere the termination of the
fit session of its first Congress—to lick the dust
btfore the will of that majority which U is defy-
ing in one of the Territories; before the will of
that majoiity of the people of the United States,
against winch Mr. Buchanan ascended the presi-
dential chair, and amid the irreconcilable diversi-
ties of opinion of the people who were combined
to elevate Mr. Buchanan to the Presidency—but
here that men and parties are brought face to
face, can no longer coalesce in the policy he would
have them pursue.
We arc debating the recognition ofan independ-
ent State.
The Administration produce a piece of parch-
ment with a form of government written on it, and
a certificate of one John Calhoun that it is the con-
stitution adopted at Leeompton by a convention
of the people of Kansas; and on l!ii  evidence the
Pipsiuent and his friends demand the recognition
of the Slate of Kansas.
We it spectfelly ask for the proof that the piece
of parchment contains the will of the people of
Kansas.
We are told the Territorial Legislature took, by
Hw, the sense of the people, and two thousand
six hundred and seventy voted to call a conven-
tion; that two thousand two hundred persons
voted, in ally for the members of the convention;
that the convention, who.:e journal no one here
has seen, voted the constitution; that it was not
submitted to the people for their ratification; and
that the vote of the 4th of January, of ten thou-
sand against it, is of no legal relevancy to the ques-
tion before us.
On this state of facts, Mr. Chaiunan, we are
besought, on behalf of the Administration, to vote
for the admission of Kansas under the Lecomp-
ton constitution for the sake of the principle in-
volved. Sir, I confess myself the servant of
principle; and I respectfully ask gentlemen, what
principle they ask me to sanction >
Is it that a minority in a Territory constitute the
people, and so must make their will the law over
the majority? If so, I respectfully dissent from
the principle.
Is it that the people of a Ten itory, with or with-
out previous authority of Congress, have a legal
right themselves to take the initiative, and to lay
upon your table a constitution which they are en-
titled to demand at our hands t hat. we shall accept?
If so, then 1 respectfully dissent from the princi-
pie.
Is it, on the part of our southern friends, that
any constitution which may be laid upon our ta-
ble containing, no matter how put there, a clause
sanctioning slavery, is to shut the eye to every
other circumstance connected with it, and to drive
us to the admission of that people as a State mere-
ly because that provision is m the constitution ? If
so, then I respectfully dissent from the principle.
Is it that they mean that gentlemen may look
into the constitution for the purpose of seeing thai
slavery is there, and when they find it there, are
bound to vote for the admission? If so,then the
gentlemen upon the other side of the blouse, by
exactly the same reason, may look into that con-
stitution to see that slavery is there; and, if they
think it the moie logical com lusion, may vote to
refuse admission upon that giound. But as 1 do
not understand the gentlemen on the other side to
admit the latter alternative as one fit to be embraced,
they will indulge me in the logical consequence of
not regarding the former as a proper consideration
to weigh at all with me upon the question that is
befoie the House.
That slavery is embraced in that constitution is
certainly, Mr, Chan man, in my opinion, no ground
at all for the rejection—no ground at all for any
difficulty about admission, if put there by the
will of the pi.oph',it ought not to weigh with the
weight of the dust in the bakmce upon the ques-
tion ; for to allow that to be a ground «if* ex-* usion,
while it would be within the legislative discretn-n
of Congress, would be, in myjudgment,unwise,
tending directl y to consequences that all of tu are
most anxious to avoid, and would exhibit an un-
social disposition m behalf of thomnjoi ity which
might come to sueh a conclusion; v, Inch, whether
rightfully or wrongfully, the past history of (he
nation teat lies us only too well will lead to noth-
ing but disastrous civil collisions; which, in their
result, if not immediately, will Inst undermine
and then bring down in ruin the whole, fabno of
our liberties.
Then, if tin se be not the principles which ought
to commend themselves to the judgment ofa right-
judging man, is there any other? Is H that he-
cause the Temtory has proceeded under a law of
a Territorial Legislature, with all the regularity
and formality, as the President tells us, thet any
Teuitoty has ever proceeded, we are bon^d to
accept what they send to us, blindly and without
looking beyond it? Is it the principle of t * - is
Government not only that we may stop, but that
we die bound to stop, at what the TVrntoiy sends
to us ? Then, Mr. Chairman, I do not assent to
that proposition; and it is to that proposition that
I desire chiefly to dmw your attention now.
Upon that question 1 am beer than most of the
gentlemen upon either side of thin House. I voted
with my soiuhei n I'i minis nga mst the Topeka con-
stitution, being a free con.~-tituiion, formally sent
here by the majority of the then inhabitants of
the Territory. I am, therefore, free to raise the
question whether there is legal aethoiity at the
bottom of that constitution now presented to us? '
They protested against the admission of Call- 1
forma heciuse there was no iwidmiee that a ma-
jority of us p'-op!" had absented; because there ,
was no formality ef law preceding its constitu-
tion; because tlu-re were no piotections to the
ballot-box. I am, therefore, now free to ask those
1 who did protest to join me in inquiring whether
'■ there be here legal authority; whether here the
h ballot-box has been protected; whether here wo
I' have the will of the people ascertained in legal
i' form, which we not only may accept, but which
jj wc aie bound to accept?
jj This assumes the validity of the laws of tlm
ji Territorial Legislature calling the convention,and
I j the proceedings under them in point of law; and
! that the legal effect of those proceedings is to
j clothe this parchment with all the attributes of a
I State constitution, and that we are not entitled to
; inquire who voted for or against it; how many
staid from the polls, or why they did so; nor
i' whether fraud or force has decided the result;
;; but that the legal certificates preclude inquiry into
j' everything beyond.
i | I respectfully deny the validity in point of law,
' and further  say, that if they were as valid as if
authorized by act of Congress, they could to no
j extent exclude the legislative discretion of Con-
; gress as to the fitness of recognizing the new State.
!, Mr. Chairman, in my judgment all that is ne-
i1 cessary to the admission of a State is the concur-
j: renee of the will of the people of a Territory and
j; of Congress. Prior to such concurrence there is
| no State. After that concurrence there is a State,
i' The application of a Territory to be admitted as
j! a State is only a petition on your table—an offer
!! upon their peu-t which we may accept or which
II we mav reject at our pleasure. After that concur-
M renee, it has been ingrafted into the living body-
i politic of the country, bone of our bone, flesh of
,! our flesh, to share with us, for good or evil, to
| the end of time, the blessings or misfortunes of
j, the Republic—to be severed by nothing except
, j that external violence which shall lop off some liv-
ing hmb of the Republic, or that civil strife which
j the chief of the Republic is so rashly provoking.
^ Enabling acts, whether contained in the organic
law of the Territory orin special acts authorizing
jj the formation of a constitution, providing for the
!' formalities of election, the protection of the polls,
. the expiession of the popular will under the forms
j' of law, arc only the guarantees that Congress m
I its wisdom throws around the expression of the
popular will. They are only methods of ascer-
■' Laming th?t will; and when that will is ascer-
tained , Congress has everything that is mdispens-
, -able, and all the* Territory coo supply. The will
,, of Congress to concur with the will of the people
is expressed in the act of Congress admitting the
State; and i! is that concurrence, no matter how
1 ascertained , by what foims, or with the omission
of what ('"mis, which nukes the distinction, and
ah>ne makes the distinction, between a Temtory
of the United States and a Stale of the Uni:ed
States. *
Tbeie is no such thing m our system as an in-
cipient Suite—a Rime whose ftdmal re|;itioes are
undefined—a State of uncertain f« 'herd relations,
as Mr. C.dho'in once expressed himself I r< -
sn-Mufully submit that thoie h no intermediate ren-
dition between aTet ritoi varus a Slate; tha' a State
whose f'del ,d relations u-'e undefined is a State of
which tin* Constitution of tJ,e United States knows
nothing. Uncertain.Icderol ichUions are 1,0 f< d-
eral r< huions. Unless the rotate !>e in this Union,
the State is out of this Union. Unless the StaU;
be bound by tile Constitution, tlv State is inde-
pendent of the Constitution. Unless the State
have a right t") be heie represented, the State his
no right to b^ repies< nted anywhere. It is a State
under tile Coesiitution, or it is a State independ-
ent. If, therefore, any proceeding create a State
which does not simultaneously bring it wuhin,
and mak'1 it <me of, the United States, that State
may as well form an alliance w;th the incipient
confederacy of Canada and Nrw Ihunswiek as
enter this Coefedeuiey. It may levy war against
the United States, and you cannot punish it-: pr
pie for treason. If may appropriate the terntoi y
of tho'Umted St'U'^.and it is beyond your power.
Inn word, by the public law of the United Stat?s,
all the territory within hm* jurisdiction iseithera
, Territory of the United States or a State of this
' Union.
If,then, tint be the rase, v;e ar<- brought at '--nee
to the question of tie* rtlvion of Congre^-. to th°
Territories m the formation of .--'fates. "Wji.it are
, the respective paits belonging to 'he people of the
