1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
Commodore Mervine had sentCommander Davis, with the
St. Mary's, to San Juan del Sur, with instructions to pro-
tect the persons and property of Amcnean citizens. With
this authority only, Commander Davis negotiated with G en-
eral Walker teims of capitulation, under which he surren-
dered with his men, and was conveyed to Panama, whence
he proceeded to the United States. Commander Davis also
received lroin General Walker the bunender o{ a small
schooner which he had detained, called the Gianada,
and delivered her to the Nicaiaguari authorities. The ac-
tion of Commander Davis, sO tar as he aided General
Walker and his men, by the use of the St. Mary's, to re-
treat fiom Nicaragua and return to the United States, was
approved by the Department; but his mteifeience with the
Granada, and her tiansfer to the Nicaiaguan authorities, by
his intervention, wiw not approved The whole number of
men sunendered and earned to Panama was about three
hundred and sixty-four. Commodore Mervine, finding his
squadion suddenly incumbered with these men, in the most
wretched condition, suffering for the want of everything,
and endangering the health of those under his command,
had no mode of lelief except by turning them adrift, which
was impossible, or ^ending them by the railway to Aspin-
wall. Adopting the latter alternative, he was under the ne-
cessity of drawing on the Department, in favor of the rail-
way company, for $7,475, being the amount which would
he due lor transporting them acio^s the Isthmus at the usual
rate of charge. This bill has neither been paid, accepted,
nor protested. The company voluntarily relinquished the
personal responsibility of Commodore Mcivmo,and put the
hill at the disposal of the Government. I submit it. with
an expression of my conviction that Congress should make
reasonable provision for 11; and also for the expenses of
providing these men while on shipboard with necessary food,
clothing, and medicine, of which an estimate will heieafter
be furnished."
I saw the remnant of Walker's deluded follow-
ers, who were landed at the port of New York, in
the Park, and a more abject and pitiable sight I
never beheld. These poor fellows were without
shoes or stockings, without any clothing, indeed,
other than their shirts and pantaloons, and covered
with lice and the scurvy. Since then many, very-
many of them, have been delivered from their suf-
ferings, and have gone to
" The undiscover'd country, fiom whose bourn
No tiaveler returns."
General Walker cannot say of these men, like
Macbeth—
" Thou canst not say, I did it: never shake
Thy gory locks at me."
Now, sir, who is Commodore Paulding, a con-
stituent of mine of whom I am justly proud ? He
is the son of that John Paulding, of revolution-
ary memory, who, with Williams and Van Wirt,
captured Major Andre, at Andre's Brook, near
Sleepy Hollow, Westchester county—aspot with
which I am as familiar as with this Hall. These
men were penniless soldiers attached to the con-
tinental army. It is said that they were playing
a friendly game of " old sledge,'" when they es-
pied Andre upon horseback, who, though a brave
and a courteous gentleman, was nevertheless an
English spy. They arrested him, and searched
his person.
Sir, John Paulding, the father of Commodore
Paulding, had no search-warrant, no special direc-
tions from the Government to do what he did. He
had nothing from the Continental Congress au-
thorizing him to arrest and search Andre. Andre
offered these three honest patriots gold enough to
make them independent for life, to let him pass;
but they spurned the bribe. They took him to the
American army, where he was tried, convicted,
and hung.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will my colleague
allow me to ask him a question ? I ask whether
this spirit of committing offenses against the law
of nations runs in the family?
Mr. HASKIN. I am now, Mr. Chairman,
merely comparing the history of Paulding with
that of Walker. Commodore Paulding has a
prouder ancestry than any king or kaiser of Eu-
rope. He has been in the naval service of the
United States for forty years, and, during that
time, has worked his way by gallantry and effi-
cient service to the highest, rank in it. There is
neither blot nor blemish upon his escutcheon. It
is then unfair and ungenerous, comparing the
records of Paulding with Walker, to say that the
latter is the better man.
In reference to this act of Commodore Paulding,
I believe that no other act since the inauguration
of the existing Administration has icflected more
honor and credit upon the country; and I sin-
cerely trust that the responsible majority of this
House will not fritter away that honor and credit
by any resolution of censure against Commodore
Paulding. The act meets with the hearty ap-
proval, I am sure, of the conservative men of the
country, and the fair men all over the civilized
world. Nay, sir, I would go further than many
Democrats in the North on this subject. I recol-
lect that Congress, in 1854, gave a medal to Com-
mander Ingraham, with the thanks of Congress
for what he did—protecting an inchoate American
citizen (Koszta) in foreign waters and in a for-
eign land. I am willing now that we shall vote our
thanks and a medal to Commodore Paulding. 1
beg thegentlemenof the South not to believe that
I am in the least tinctured with any sickly senti-
mentality on the subject of fillibusterism. I am a
national fillibuster, but am against individual filli-
busterism, which retards the consummation of my
desire with regard to Central America and other
territories which we ought to have. I believe that
the time has come when the application of the doc-
trines promulged by the Ostend manifesto is neces-
sary for the protection and preservation of our
Pacific possessions and the continuance of our
commercial rights in that quarter.
Mr. KE1TT. If the gentleman will allow me.
He says that lie is a natioual fillibuster, but against
individual ones. I wish to know whether he is
for the nation breaking faith, and against indi-
viduals so doing ?
Mr. HASKIN. I am for the nation keeping
its faith. I am for the nation doing as Great
Britain has done. I am for the nation seizing
upon Cuba, and, for that purpose, suspending the
neutrality law. I am a national fillibuster, and
will go with the gentleman from South Carolina
to that extent. And let me say that northern
Democrats are right on the subject. They believe
that they have come by this feeling naturally from
their mother country, the country which gave to
the South her cavaliers, and to the North a great
many of her puritans and roundheads. We
northern Democrats believe that the Government
j should, by conquest, do certain things; but that
this business of Walker was committing petty
larceny. We northern Democrats are rather in
favor of national grand larceny. [Laughter.]
Permit me to say that England has been the
greatest filibustering country upon the face of the
earth. Look at her recent conduct in China.
Look at her conduct in obtaining her East India
possessions, and more recently in taking posses-
sion of the Island of Perim. England did not act
as Walker and his expedition did; but the navy,
the Government of England did it. They wanted
the island as a national naval depot, and they took
the responsibility of taking it. Let our country
take the responsibility of raising this same stand-
ard, and you will find thousands of the national
Democrats of the North with it, because they
believe it is the manifest destiny of this Republic.
They believe that—
<k No pent up Utica contract our powers;
The whole boundless continent is ouis."
In the remarks I have made, I have simply de-
signed to define my position in the defense of my
constituent, Commodore Paulding. I have not
desired to give offense to any gentleman upon this
floor. I desired to put myself upon the record as
a pure, hard-shell national Democrat, sustaining
right.
Mr. GILMER obtained the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman from North Carolina allow me a moment?
Mr. GILMER. Certainly.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I merely wish
to say, in reply to the gentleman from New York,
that in what 1 said in reference to Commodore
Paulding yesterday, I meant no imputation upon
his character, further than was warranted fi om the
arrest of Walker—the transaction about which I
was then speaking. That act was certainly with-
out law, and without color of law, as I under-
stand it. Upon that ground he is to stand in the
public estimation. As to his ancestry, or Ins
honorable life past, I meant to cast no imputation
whatever. It may be that he comes from a grand-
father who has had the honor of having refused
a bribe. Well, sir, if that goes to his credit, let
it. I cast no imputation upon Commodore Pauld-
ing, further than this act of his was concerned—
an act which, in my opinion, was a great out-
rage .
The gentleman has alluded to the character of
Walker and his followers. He spake of the con-
dition in which he saw some of those followers
last spring, who were returned to this country,
when there had been an illegal interference upon
the part of Commander Davis. He says they
were in want, afflicted with scurvy, and lousy.
What put these men in that unfortunate condi-
tion in which he saw them, I know not. But,
if they were destitute, who made them so ? Per-
haps they had been robbed. But, if so; who
did it? I have heard some say that those now
at Norfolk are poor and "lazy and lousy." I
believe they were last seen under the command
and control of some of the officers of the Navy.
Where they got their disease or their vermin, I do
not know. I do not know, but suppose that these
officers, looking upon their wants and wretched-
ness, would, in the language of Macbeth, quoted
by the gentleman, as readily as Walker, exclaim;
u Thou canst not say we did it!53
I mean, then, no imputation upon the character
of Commodore Paulding, further than this act
warranted my judgment. It is past, and I stand
upon what I say—that this was a great outrage
on private rights; and if it appears that the arrest
was illegal, as such it ought to be redressed.
Mr. PIASKIN. With the permission of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,]
1 desire to say, in reply to the gentleman from
Georgia, that even though this act of Commodore
Paulding may not have been strictly within the
legal purview of his authority, yet there are abund-
ant precedents where the American Congressand
the American people have sustained an act which
was right morally, though technically and legally
wrong. General Jackson, when he declared mar-
tial law in New Orleans, was in the commission
of, and did commit, an illegal act. He was tried
for it, and was fined; but he lived long enough
afterwards to become President of the United
States, and to have the fine repaid by order of the
American Congress. There arc many cases where
men i n our Navy have gone as far as Commodore
Paulding went in this case, and where the Gov-
ernment have approved their acts. On this head
I will read an extract which I have before me:
Commodore Paulding, if necessary, will find abundant
authentic precedents to sustain him. About the year 1826,
Commodoie David Porter was dispatched to the Canbbean
seas, to Mjppress acts of piracy that weie almost daily per-
petiated on the commerce of the woild in that quarter. He
came across a band of pirates, who, on hot pursuit, aban-
doned their schooners and shallops, and took to the island
oi Porto Rico—an inland within the jurisdiction of a State
of Europe, with which we held friendly relations—and
found safety and succor in the town of Foxardo.
" Commodore Porter, deeming himself m pursuit of com-
mon freebooters, pirates, and outlaws, did not hesitate to
land on the inland of Poito Rico, where he pursued t ;<• i'e-
luiquunt<, and extended to them the lull measure of hi- in-
donation. For this act he was called home; subjected to
a court of inquiry, and honorably acquitted, though w;nmly
and strongly censured. The administration of Mi. Adams
was ditepo-sert to ti eat him with seventy ; but, public opin-
ion, the nation at laige, and the subsequent administration
of Geneial Jackson, applauded and rewaided him.
u The conduct of (Jonnriodoic Panldmg find* precedent in
that of Commodoie Downes at Q.ualln Battoo,in tbat of
Commodore Poiter.it the Fejee Islands, in that of theconi-
igodoic of f'igate Yincennes, in the Boico Tagu«, and,
morn leeentiy, m tliar of Commodoie Collins,at Gtej town.
" The onlv difficulty eonnccted with this matter consists
m the undecided laet of the real chaiactei of Ceneral
Walker and in- follown:-. If Walker is, or ever was. Chief
Executive of the Republic of Nicaragua, he holds a position
m the embryo State that absolves him from the odium of a
pirate and <m outlaw", though the fact does not hold him up
to the woild as a lecogiuzed chieftain, civil or military, da
facto
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. In the very
case cited by the gentleman, the conduct of Com-
modore Porter at Foxardo cost him his position.
He was court-martialed, and dismissed from the
Navy.
Mr. HASKIN". That is true, under the Ad-
ministration of Air. Adams; but the admiration
and approval of the nation was so strong that,
under the administration of Jackson, the act was
applauded, and he was rewarded for it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoi^ia. He never was
restored. Repeated applications were made for
his restoration to the Navy, but he never was re-
stored; and that was a case where he pursued
pirates and robbers.
Mr. HASKIN. The only difference between
us—the conservative national Democrats ot the
North and the gentleman—is, that the gentleman
views Walker as a general, while we view him as
a quixotic adventurer and marauder. That is the
conservative sentiment among the Democrats of
the North.
Mr. GILMER resumed the floor.
