1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imm
that the honorable gentlemen who made the re-
port in the case of Archer vs. Allen, and gave
their opinion then in regard to the particularity
■with which names should be set forth, should
apply the same rule in this case. If that was
good law, good reason, and justice then, it is not
less so now. I ask that they shall govern their
action by the same reasons now, and by the same
kind of evidence in this case; and I feel satisfied
that some of them will. *
It is not necessary that I should read from that
case further. I simply read from the report in
that case, in order to show what should be set
forth in the notice of the contestant. But this is
not the only authority.
In the points of the sitting member submitted
to the committee, further and particular reference
is made to the case of Joseph B. Varnum, in the
Fourth Congress. In that case the Committee of
Elections—
" Prayed the instructions of the House as to the kind of
specification that shall bo demanded of the petitiowrs;" and
tiie House, after full discussion, " resolved that the allega-
tion ['that five votes were leceived and certified by the pre-
siding officers which vveie given by poisons bylaw nut qual-
ified to vote at said meeting'] is not sufficiently certain, and
that the names of the pei sons objected to for want of sufficient
qualifications ought to be set forth prior to the taking of the
teUimony.,}
Soin these specifications the names oughttobe
set forth in each one; but in no specification of the
contestant, except in the eleventh and sixteenth,
are any names set forth at all.
But agam I refer the House to the case of
Easton vs. Scott, Contested Election Cases, page
272, where it was decided:
" That if voters were objected to 011 account of the want
of legal qualifications the party excepting to them should,
beioie takuig, pive notice to his adveisaiy of the paiLicular
qualifications 111 which they are deficient, ntul that a gen-
er.ilaveimerit in the nonce that the votersare illegal it. not
sufficient, and the names of persons excepted to must also
ated."
Apply these rulings to the present case, and the
sitting member has nothing to fear, because they
would sweep away every single specification ex-
cept two; and I shall now direct the attention of
the House to those two. Firstas to the eleventh:
" That, in the second ward of the city of Davton, John
B. Chapman, one of tiie counciimen oJ said city for s>aid
waul, declined to serve .as a jud^e of said election, and of
his own authority, and without any choice, ura voce or
otherwise, by the electors present, appointed Stith M. Sul-
livan to art as judge ol election m his place; objection to
his (muJ Cii.ipmanV) uaht "to appoint being at tiie time
made by electors present.5' *
The objection of the contestant is this: that the
judge of the election in the second ward of the
city of Dayton was improperly appointed; that
he was not selected by the electors present; and
that objection was made as to the manner of the
appointment by the peisous present at the polls.
But is-that the case' Not at all. On the con-
trary the evidence of Thomas H. Phillips and
Stith M. Sulli.van proves conclusively that Sulli-
van was the choice of all present forjudge of the
election; that no objection was made to the mode
of his appointment; that the contestant himself
was present, and acquiesced in the whole pro-
ceeding; that the election was fairly conducted;
that no voter was prevented from voting; that all
parties went to the polls and voted; and that all
the requirements of the law were fulfilled. In
proof of this I will read from the evidence of Phil-
hps and Sullivan:
" Examination of Thomas H. Fhilbps.
u QuesUcm *27. Was {here any one among the bystanders
who objected to Sullivan as judyc ot the election on tiiat
day ?
'•'•Answer. No objection made.
'• Question 28. Was Clement L. Vallandichairi there when
Sullivan aruved, or at any other tune during the morning
before Sullivan aimed?
'* Jhiswcr i think he was theie all the time.
" Question 59. Did he seem toueMrethat Sullivan should
s<Mve as judge on that day ?
" dnsicer.' He made no objection to me. I paused to see
if any objection would be made, and then swoie Sullivan
in."'
" Examination of S. JVf. Sullivan.
" (litestion 9. What occurred on the morning of the 14th
day or October last, on j our runval at the polls in the second
ward? Srate tullj>.
k* hi^iccr. When I ai lived at the polls several voices cried
out, k Here he cmne  ; s-wcar him in, s>o that toe polls may
be opened !' There wa& not to eseeed ten peisons piesent,
ami I thought all desired me to act as judge.
" Question 10. Was any objection made to you by any of
th* Instandei-?
'• Answer. None whatever.
" Question 19. Was the outcry, of which you speak, made
by those who were waiting at the poils to vote ; and if so,
did they generally join in the outcry of, t Here he comes;
swear him in,' &c?
" Jinsioer. It was from the bystanders; and it was general
from all present.
" Question 13. Were the duties of the judges and clerks
of the election then and there discharged faithfully and im-
partially.5
"Answer. They were."
Now apply the rule of lawto thisevidence, and
I think that no member of this House can for a
moment doubt the legality of the election in the
second ward of Dayton. First, i refer the House
to the case of the People vs. Cook, 14th Barb. R,
page 245:
"It becomes important, in this case, to determine whether
the objections, winch are taken to the inspectors of elec-
tions in the several cases presented in this bill of excep-
tions, are of that chaiacter which should be held to invali-
date the canvass in these several localities. These objec-
tions are of a twofold charactei, extending to the regular-
ity or legality of their appointments, and of their omission
to qualify, by taking the proper oath of office. I wiiljpot
stop to inquire whether these inspectors, in these several
cases, were inspectors dejure or not. It is sufficient that
they were inspectors dc facto. They came into office by color
of title, and that is sufficient to constitute them officers dc
facto. The rule is well settled, by a long series of adjudi-
cations, both in England and this country, that acts done
by those who are officersdejado, aie good and valid, as re-
gards the public and thiid persons who have an interest in
their acts, and the rule has been applied to acts juridical,
as well asministenal, in their character. This doctrine has
been held and applied to almost every conceivable case. It
cannot be profitable to enter into any extended discussion
of the cases. The principle has become endless in which
the rule has been applied."
And so here the law will not stop to inquire
whether Sullivan was judge dc jure. If he had
color of title, and was judge de facto, it is suffi-
cient. But again:
" In the case of the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad Com-
pany, (19 Wend., 143,) it was hold thai, iho statute ie-
quiring inspectors of corporate elections to take an oath is
meiely directory ; and, as there is 110 nullifying clau.^e on
account of the omission, that the election is riot invalidated
by such omission to comply with the statute.
"The Legislature, in these enactments, undoubtedly in-
tended to impose upon these officers having charge of con-
ducting the election and canvassing the votes a faithful ob
servance of these provisions, as well to secuie the public
interests as the rights of electors ; hut I cannot think they
intended that an omission to comply in the paiticulars
where they were departed from 111 this instance, whether
the same occurred through the ignorance or inadvertence
of the inspectors, should have the effect to deprive a whole
district of their suffrage. This would bo punishing the in-
nocent for the sins of the guilty.*'
And again, in 7 Wend., 264, 1 John, 500, it
was held as follows:
uThe fact that a part of the time there were four inspect-
ors at the poll, and that the returns were signed by four,
cannot affect the election. This was undoubtedly an irreg-
ularity, but cannot invalidate the election.
*' I cannot but think, however, that, to hold the omission
of these officers, through negligence, mistake, or inadvert-
ence to comply with all these directions of the btatute,
should have the effect to disfranchise the elector, would
be unjust in the extreme, and indeed subversive of the fund-
amental pnnciples of our Government."
But, Mr. Speaker, it is not necessary to pro-
duce additional authorities. Case after case might
be cited of irregularity in the appointment of
judges and inspectors, and the manner of con-
ducting elections; but in no case has a mere ir-
regularity everdisfranclnsed the electors or inval- ;
idated an election. This is the whole of the case
as to the second ward of the city of Dayton; and
I say, as the judge went into office under color of;
title, and as that election was fairly conducted,
the returns deserve to be received and considered
by this House.
I come now to the sixteenth specification:
"That Alfred J. Anderson, John M. Mitchell, James Rob-
bins, Reuben Redman, Thomas Tester, John D. Robbing
Alcvander Piocror. Cjrus1!!. Cowen. Robert Goings, W.
Guffith. and twenty-two others, muiattoes and persons of
color, riot qualified electors of Ohio under the constitution
and laws theieof, were peimitted to vote for 3-ou ''
These are the negro votes about which so much
has been said, and so little proved. The specifi-
cation charges that thirty-two "muiattoes and
persons of color" were permitted to vote; but, if
I understood the contestant clearly in his argu-
ment, he only claimed that sixteen negro votes
were cast in the district, and for the sitting mem-
ber. Is this so? No, sir. The evidence will not
sustain the assertion of the contestant; he cannot
produce any evidence that will warrant such con-
clusion. But, cvenif itwere true,as the contestant
stated, I ask by what right does he, of all others,
seek to oust the sitting member from his seat by
the testimony of a negro, who is not a citizen of
the United States? For the contestant iscompelled
to take the testimony of Alfred J. Anderson, a
negro, not a citizen of the United States, so de-
cided by the Supreme Court of the United States,
as he alleges, He is required to take .his testi-
mony, to determine that any negro votes were cast
for Lewis D. Campbell. Now, if negroes are sp
objectionable, I deny his rfght to have negro' tes-
timony to decide this case. He must go to white
testimony; he must confine himself to white tes-
timony, and hot fall back on negro testimony.
And yet here is evidence taken on the part of Mr.
Vallandigham—the testimony of a negro; and he
brings it to Congress for the purpose of ousting
the member from the third congressional district
of Ohio from his seat.
But, sir, I deny that there is even proved to have
been more than one negro vote cast for Mr. Camp-
bell. Nor am I alone in this declaration. The
chairman of the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
Harris,] in his report, gives but one negro vote
to Mr. Campbell, and that vote on the evidence of
the negro himself.
Mr. ADRAIN. Is the negro, by the laws of
Ohioj permitted to give evidence?
Mr. WILSON. Iam not sufficiently acquainted
with the laws of Ohio to answer the question.
Mr. SHERMAN,of Ohio. Ianswer, thatheis.
Mr. WILSON. By the same law he is allowed
to vote in the State of Ohio. Bat, sir, the ques-
tion is, shall his testimony be received here for
the purpose of ousting the sitting member from
his seat? Mark, you ! he is not a citizen of the
United States, so the contestant urges. If this be
so, his testimony should not be received here, no
matter how it might be in Ohio; and yet, if his
testimony be set aside, there is no evidence what-
ever to show that there was one single negro vote
cast for the sitting member. See the extremity
to which the contestant is driven. With all of
his seeming dislike of the negro race, he is still
compelled to resort to that race for evidence to
support his case. He flies to Anderson to sustain
him, and here is the only color of title we find him
able to produce; and that color, upon the basis of
his own argument, vitiates the title. I bid him
welcomc to the evidence. Here it is:
" Question 103. State whether you voted foi congiessmnn
at the election held October 14, i85o, at the election held iu
the second waid of Hamilton ; and if o, for whom did you
vote ?
" Jlnsxi'cr. I did vote at that time and place, and for L.
D. Campbell for Congress.
a Quedion 134. State whether you are acquainted with
John M. Mitchell ; and if so, state whether you know the
place where he voted at that election, and for whom he
voted for Congress r
"Answer. I am acquainted with John M. Mitchell. Ho
voted at tiie polls in the second ward of Hajyilton, and t be-
lieve he voted for L. D. Campbell for Congress; I do not
know that he told me that he so voted, but the mattei was
so understood between us.
"Question 13.% State whether you knowRenben Redman;
and if so, whethei you know wnere and for whom he voted
at that election?
"Answer. I know Reuben Redman. lie worked for me ;
and I believe he ak-o voted forL. i>. Campbell for Congress
at the second ward polls, in the city of Hamilton. He told me
before the election that he was going to vote for Campbell.
" Cross-examination :
" Question 133. .State how long you have resided here,
and who your parents are.
"Jlasuer. I have resided here from 1839 to 1814, and from
185*2 to the present time. My father was James Shannon,
reputed to be a white man, and my mother was Mary T. An-
deison, now wife of Robert G. II. Anderson, who, fiom hrr
statement, I pie&ume had one fourth part of African h'ootf
111 her veins. Her father was a white man, and her mother
was Indian and African. James Shannon is brother of Wil-
son Shannon, late Governor of Kansas. About the other
peisons, called colored, L know nothing save fiom appear-
: ancea.
" Reexamination:
| "Question 137. Ib there any visible admixture of African
! blood m Reuben Redman?
I "Jlnswer. Yes, sir; there is.
| " Question 133. I-s (here any visible admixture of African
j blood m John M. Mitchell?
■ "Jinsiw. In tnv opinion there is none.
1 "Question 139. Does he associate with white or coloied
, pci*ona ? . ,*.
; "„ivsu-er. With both. He goes on the river, and m his
business relations he passes as a white man, and m his do-
, mcbtic relations lie associates with colored people.
"Question 140. Do you know, from conversations with
| him, as to the proportion of Afucan blood in his veins.
" Answer. He has always cli>ciaimed hJivme ^ny-
I k'AJLF. J. ANDERSON."
I This evidence is plain, is explicit, is full, is
to the point. Alfred Anderson, a colored man,
' living in the city of Hamilton, swears positively
1 that he did vote for Lewis D. Campbell, forCon-
' gress; but are you to take this testimony from a
j man who you say is not a citizen of the United
1 States, and on it expel the sitting member? You
j may examine this record of testimony from the
I first to the last page, and there is no other evi-
