214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the favor of the gentle-
man from North Carolina to allow me to say two
sentences, and only two.
Mr. GILMER. I desire to submit a few re-
marks only, and I shall speak but fifteen minutes.
The gentleman will then have an opportunity to
say what he desires.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not want to make a speech.
I merely wish to reply to a remark made by the
gentleman from Georgia in reference to the naval
officers.
Mr. GILMER. Very well; one moment.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr Stephens] said, in the course of his re-
marks, that it had been stated that these men of
Walker's at Norfolk were wretched, naked,lazy,
and lousy, and that the last company which he
had heard of their being in was the company of
certain naval officers. 1 merely wish to say, in
reply to that, that my position in this House and
in former Houses, has brought me a good deal
into contact with officers of the Navy. I have as-
sociated with a great many of them, and I have
never found any of them in that condition. If
the gentleman from Georgia has found naval of-
ficers in that condition, all that I can say is, that
I am sorry for his associations among them.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GILMER. I rise, sir, mot to discuss the
Dred Scott decision, for it was remarked by a gen-
tleman at my elbow, that he thought it would be
prudent, in order to save time, to alter the rules i
of this House, and set apart a day in every month
to be devoted to the discussion of the negro ques-
tion; and another gentleman at my elbow re-
marked that it should be on Friday, and should
be called u black Friday.'5 [A laugh.]
I do not rise to discuss or to answer that which
I conceive to be a monstrous proposition—that
there is that peculiarity in the Constitution of our
Government that it does not possess the power,
by the legislation of Congress, to enforce the in-
ternational laws, and to compel the obedience
thereto of the citizcns of the Union. Mr. Chair-
man, if that be so, I think the mere statement of
the proposition furnishes an answer to it to every
reflecting mind; but, if that be so, then it sug-
gests to my mind the great importance of giving
this Government more power, and of altering our i
Constitution. I
But, sir, inasmuch as no voice lias been raised I
in this committee from that section of country from I
which I come, in behalf of Commodore Paulding, j
I have risen simply to express my sympathy with :
the two gentlemen from the State of New York, '
who have spoken to-day in his behalf. I have j
seen nothing as yet, sir, that I think justifies a j
course of argument involving so much criticism, :
casting reflection on a gentleman whose history i
and character, so far as i know anything of them, !
show him to be a praiseworthy officer of our Navy; ]
and I conceive that when this whole matter is uti- j
derstood, when we receive from the Executive th% j
information we desire, when we see the mstruc-
tions under which Commodore Paulding acted in 1
all that he did, it will be found that it does not i
amount to a case in which any censure can be cast j
upon him. I have no doubt, from what we learn >
in the message, from what we learn from other |
quarters, from the history of a few years past, j
that he acted under instructions; and I beg leave
here to dissent entirely from the intimation of the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] that
there was any impropriety m giving such instruc-
tions to the naval officers or any other officers of
the nation after Mr. Walker had given bail, as it
is called, to answer to a criminal charge.
In my judgment, that increased the necessity
for the Executive to give instructions to the offi-
cers of the Government to exercise greater vigil-
ance. Why, sir, suppose that a client were to
come to me or to the gentleman from Georgia, j
and state a case of this kind: that he had brought |
a civil suit and that the party who had become ;
bail in that suit was insolvent; that the defendant j
was good, but that he had sold his property and |
was about to depart the country to parts unknown; j
would the gentleman, or would I, or would any ;
lawyer stand up in this House and say that he i
could not, underthat rule which comes up to sup- j
ply deficiencies in the law, where, by reason of its j
universality, it is weak, devise some process, even j
although bail had been given, to save that client ;
and keep the defendant in the country ? I was
astonished that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Stan-
ton] showed some hesitation in answering some
of the questions in reference to this point which
were gravely thrust at him during the discussion
yesterday.
What sort of bail did this man Walker enter
into? It was not bail, in the common sense of
the term. It was what lawyers understand to be
a recognizance to answer the charge of the Uni-
ted States against him. Would my friend from
Georgia stand up here, as a lawyer, and say be-
fore this committee, that if a man indicted, com-
mitted upon inquiry, or upon the finding of a
grand jury, were brought before a judge and en-
tered into recognizance, or gave security to an-
swer to the charge, and before he departed the
court should be heard to mutter, " I intend to dis-
regard the recognizance; I have got friends to pay
the money; I do not intend to be here in obedi-
ence to that recognizance when the call is made;
I mean to go about my own business;" would
my friend say that the judge of that court would
not have power to say that the man must be re-
tained, unless he increased the recognizance ? But
supposing he had departed, and it came to the
knowledge of the judge, upon the application of
a solicitor, by affidavit or otherwise, that the ac-
cused intended to disregard the authority of the
court and forfeit his recognizance: would the gen-
tleman from Georgia say that our criminal law,
both State and Federal, is so much of a cobweb,
and so weak, that a judge has to hold his hand
and say that he can do nothing to maintain the
law? Why, sir, the very fact that the party ac-
cused gives indications of an intention to disre-
gard the recognizance, in my humble judgment,
calls for more vigilance, more care, more circum-
spection and firmness, on the part of the Execu-
tive, to issue his orders to all the officers of the
Government, whether civil or military, to arrest
him who attempts to escape from the jurisdiction
in which he has given bond's to answer.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to make one remark.
The gentleman from North Carolina has alluded
to my hesitation as to what the law is in cases of
recognizance. That I care nothing about; but I
wish to call the attention of the gentleman and
of the House to the fact that since the discussion
yesterday I have had occasion to turn to the statute
relating to tins subject, and I find that the tenth
section of this neutrality law directs the court
before whom a party is brought who has been
arrested for a broach of its provisions, to require
him to give bonds, or enter into recognizance, not
only for his appearance, but that he will be of good
behavior,and not violate the neutrality lawspend-
ing the prosecution; and therefore,in this case of
Walker, the recognizance was broken the mo-
ment he left the shores of the United Stales, tmd
became a fugitive.
Mr. GILMER. I will merely remark that I
have not a word of censure to utter against the
act of the Executive in issuing orders to his sub-
ordinates to increase their vigilance, after Jt was
ascertained that General Walker had left our
shores with an armed body of men, and that, too,
in the very direction that it was the object of the
Government to keep him from going in. Sir,
what does tins amount to?
Ashas been already remarked, the whole matter
will turn upon a meie legal technicality. There
is such a thinsc as trespass without damage—dam-
num absque, injuria. When a man's cattle escape
from him and go upon his neighbor's inclosure,
and he sends his servants after them to bring them
back, they, entering upon his neighbor's ground,
commit a trespasses the law presumes, by tread-
ing down his grass and herbage; and, although
the object was to get away the cattle, which were
eating the crops, still, if the owner of that field
should be querulous enough and litigious enough
to biing a suit against his neighbor for trespass-
ing upon his land, you, as judge, would have to
charge the jury that he was entitled to his miser-
able sixpence nominal damages, because the law
so implied; but I imagine the jurors, the bystand-
ers, and neighbors, would be very apt to step for-
ward and pay all the costs and damages.
Sir, if there has been any error upon the part
of Commodore Paulding m this matter, it has been
an over zeal m the discharge of his duties. Had
I been in Commodore Paulding's place, after the
criticism that had been made in the United States
upon the failure of the commanding officer of the
Saratoga to arrest Walker and his men, and after
what appears in the message of the Executive,
I would have done as he did, and would have
thought that I was doing that which would be
more acceptable to the Government and people of
the United States than could be done by any other
man under the circumstances; and I have no doubt
he thought so. In doing so, he may have com-
mitted this little trespass—for, mark you, there
is in the law of nations as in the common law the
maxim de minimis lex non curaty and I have no
doubtthe maxim is properly applicable to the case
of Commodore Paulding.
Mr. Chairman, suppose Walker had come to
North Carolina, and had persuaded off some three
or four hundred of the slaves of my constituents;
suppose, after he had got them on board the ves-
sel, he had been arrested and held to bail in the
sum of $2,500, but still went on with the three
hundred negroes from North Carolina. He is out
on the ocean somewhere. The President hears of
the circumstances,and tells Commodore Paulding
to keep a look out for this man. He gets on his
trail and pursues him in hot haste but cannot get
his hand upon hun until he is within a marine
league of Nova Scotia. I venture to say that if
Commodore Paulding, under those circumstances,
had gone in and grappled Walker and these ne-
groes on the very beach of Nova Scotiaand brought
them back to North Carolina, our southern poli-
ticians would say that he had been doing a good
thing for his country. Although under the law
of England whatever human being puts his foot
upon the soil of her dominions is free, be he white
or black; and although these negroes would have
come under the operation of thatmaxim, I imagine
that none of our southern politicians would be
heard complaining that Paulding was getting this
country into trouble, or was not a generous man.
No, sir. But I was going to remark that the man
who would censure the conduct of Paulding in
that instance for going on to the beach of Nova
Scotia—when he did not cutdown a shrub, when
he did not carry off even a log, but only left his
modest foot-prints upon the sand—I do not know
whether we in North Carolina would speak of
that man as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Lovkjoy] spoke of Walker, as one who ought to
be stretched up and hung, but we would say of
him that he was a mighty hot Abolitionist—
[Laughter]—and that we consider the worst thing
you can say of a man in our country.
Mr. Chairman, I regret that in advance of the
information which we want, our friends from the
section of the country from which I am proud to
be a Representative, have felt themselves atliberty
to indulge in a criticism, which, I think, they will,
in the end, be generous enough to say was un-
called for.
What a cuiious idea it is, that this country is
bound to carry Walker back under the circum-
stances, in a national ship, to pay his expenses,
to salute hi53 flag' Why, Mr. Chairman, there
is a resolution in this celebrated Cincinnati plat-
form, which has created a great deal of difficulty
in its construction; but I think that this debate,
and the intense anxiety that has been manifested
to carry Walker back and pay his expenses, would
cast some light upon a point which I have here-
tofore considered a rather harmless, though some-
what mysterious portion of this Cincinnati plat-
form. [Laughter.] It is the last resolution but
two as published among the people where I live.
We afterwards understood that there were some
others attached about the Pacific railroad, which
were never published in the southern country,
and denied to be a part of the platform. [Great
laughter.] The meaning of it varies with the
punctuation and emphasis you give it. The res-
olution to which I refer is in the following words :
"3. Resolved. That the great highway which nature, as
well as the assent of the States most immediately inter-
ested m its maintenance, lias marked out tor the free com-
munication between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, con-
stitutes one of the mostimportant achievements to be leal-
jzed by tb« spirit of mode, anon in the unconquerable energy
of om- people, and thai result should be secured by a timely
and efficient excition of the control which we have the
lishtto claim over it. And no power on earth should be
MifFered to impede or clog it^ piogre.*s by any mterfeienee
with relations that it may suit our policy to establish with
the Government of the States within whose dominion it
Iiea ; and we can, under no circumstances, surrender our
