1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
35th Cong... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
The law admitting Arkansas declared the bound-
aries of the Stale. That, I suppose, establishes the
fact that nobody then maintained that there was
any authority in her constitution prior to her ad-
mission. The territorial limits of a State are es-
sential to her existence; until they arc defined
there can be no State; after there is a State, Con-
gress cannot determine its right of territory. On
the territory depend the counties, the election dis-
tricts, the judicial divisions, the apportionments
of representation, the very people who are en-
titled to be heard on the adoption of the constitu-
tion.
If the territorial law can authorize a convention
which can adopt a constitution having any legal
lorce prior to the recognition of Congress, it must
have the right to define and appropriate the teni-
tory of the State it creates; and, if it have not//lis
power, it cannot create a State, in the eye of the
) iw, at all; for Congress may destroy its identity
by taking away a half, or two thirds, or all its
t M ritory, and give it to another State.
Congress recognized the State of Michigan upon
the condition that her people should accept the
boundaries Congress prescribed; and, on their ac-
ceptance only, was Michigan admitted.
Iowa was declared to be admitted as a State, in
18-15, under her const tuition of 1844. Congiess dc-
cKumg her boundaries, and requiring the assent
of her neople to them. j)et, in August, 18-16, Con-
gress pi escribed by hiw other boundaries for Iowa;
and, bv that law, recognized the validity of the
proceedings of the Legislature of the Territory of
Iowa of the 17th of January, 1846, submitting the
boundary between the Territory and Missouri to
the Sdpieme Court; and, finally, in December,
1846, Congress declared Iowa admitted into the
Union under a constitution formed m May, 1846,
and with the boundanes uf the law of 18^16.
The case of Wisconsin is still more decisive.
The territorial legislative power extended to all
proper subjects of legislation; yet Congress passed
an enabling act, and in it defined the boundaries
of the future State, on the 6th of August, 1846.
The people formed a constitution on the 16th De-
cember, 1846, and Congress admitted t he State on
condition the people assented to other boundaries,
instead of merely assenting to the boundaries, they
formed a new constitution on the 1st of February,
1848; and, on their application, were admitted as
a State with the boundaries of the enabling act,
on the 29th of May, 1848.
These cases demonstrate that, wliefher a con-
stitution be formed by the people, under or with-
out an enabling act, the constitution has no force
of law over either person or Territory till the final
and complete admission of the State. Till her
S  untors and Representatives are entitled to their
s'wis, the territorial authorities continue, the or-
ganic law is operative and supreme, the Teni-
toual L> gi.slatuie retains its legislative power,
Congress can absolutely dispose of the territory,
assign its limits and exercise its discretion whether
to admit the people as a State or to retain 'hem as
they are. 1 n a word, these cases display the great
iact lost sight of in this controversy, that t ill actual
and final admission as a State, the constitution is
vol a law; it is merely a proposition, which will
become operative only when Congress recognizes
the existence of the State.
W ith i\ fere nee to M tehigan, a controversy arose
in the Senate which elicited some salutary opin-
ions. We have, first of all, the statement of his
Excellency, the President, then in the Senate,
When Michigan was applying for recognition,
the exact question arose, whether there was a
legal power m the Territorial Legislature to pro-
ceed, their powers being as I have slated them.
Mr. Ruchanan then said:
4-'\Ve have pmsu-iri this course [that is, to d^iegarrt in-
flniinliuc-) in leuard to Tennessee, id Atk.ui-.t-. uu! even
to IME'cingan. JYo brnr/ior I'dll pretend that thar 'J'ei i ilori/il
cs hud en?/ right whatever to pass hers cnutUinn the
people to cirri delegates to a convention for the purpose of
J01 Miiiz -V/ e'e (onitilation. It urai aii act of u>uipotion
on their pa't^*
This was said in the hearino; of the whole Sen-
ate, that no Senator would contend that they had
legal authority, and he asserted that it was an act
of usurpation! And, so far as the record shows,
no man rose to controvert the authority of this
distinguished expositor of Democratic doctrines
of that day- Well, * ir. that covers the thrcr caf.es
of proceedings by Territorial Legislatures with-
out authority from Congress by special act. That
destroys the whole argument which has been at-
tempted to be founded upon them. With refer-
ence to Arkansas, I am protected by the author-
ity of a name dear to the party which he founded.
The Governor of that Territory applied to Gen-
eral Jackson to know whether the Territorial Le- |
gislature had any authority to pass an act for the j
purpose of taking the sense of the people on the j
subject of a State constitution. General Jackson j
took the opinion of his Attorney General, Mr. !
Butler; and the opinion of that distinguished law- i
yer, acquiesced in by the whole Administration, :
was, that there was no legal authority in the Ter- |
ritorial Legislature, but that it was beyond their '
temporary functions; that there was no authority |
inherent in the people, but that they were subor- |
dinate to the power of Congress, governed, as ho <
says, under that clause of the Constitution which i
gives Congress power to make all needful rules
and regulations for the territory of the United
States. The new lights had not risen in their day.
And as if no authority should be wanting, entitled
to command respect with every division of the
various opinions that are enteitained now in this
House, we have the further authority of a gen-
tleman from whom, in many respects, it is my i
misfortune to have differed in political opinion, ;
but who, in my judgment, was one of the ablest 1
gentlemen that ever graced the councils of this !
country—more conservative, manly,and upiight ;
in his views and convictions and conduct than .
almost any man of his party; always ready to i
sacrifice paity allegiance upon the altar of truth; 1
i always following the dictates of an independent !
, judgment, as well in ins votes as in his reasoning, I
and, for t'hat reason, justly the worshiped idol of 1
, the great southern section of this country. I sun- ]
! pose that the strict-eonstructiomst gentlemen of I
tins House will not accuse me of any sympathy i
for dangerousdogmasfrom Federal quarters when
] quote the authority of Mr. Calhoun: j
I c: My opiinoi! was, and Mill i-, that the movement of the
I people ot Michigan m Joinr.ngloi thesn^c!\c< a Htate con- |
Mention, without waiting lor the a&ocnt of Congio-t., was j
revolution!!!}.1' !
j What does the incumbent of the Executive '
' chair say to that now? Wily were not the mill- 1
tary forces of the United States dnected—instead
I of guarding and protecting the Lecompton con-
I vention, lo turn them out, as they were directed
: to turn out the Topeka convention, equally illegal
or equal! v legal ?
Mr. Calhoun proceeds to assign the reason:
'• .V it tlneu on' the authority of the United States over
the Ti 111!in <. "
That lie legal ded as necessarily involved in the
very idea of their assuming to themselves to take
, the first step, m a legal form, towards the estab-
lishment of a State government.
! He proceeds to say:
! And that we were left at libeitv to treat the proceedings
ns iuvolutioiiaiy,aud to temand hot to her iciriturial condi-
tion - "
for doing which, with reference to Kansas, we
are now threatened with the duv.st consequences
' by the gentlemen who then concurred m this opin-
ion—
' —u ut to waive the n regularity.'' j
Now all the argument of our friends on the other |
side is to follow the regular course, and bieak down
I the irregularcourse—only they have agreed to call
! thcregvlar course that which Mr. Calhoun called
the it regular course. He proceeds to say: !
And to recognize what wa- done a-> ri^hltulh/ done—
as our authority alone ivus <,ontei >i'd—t/ui iwpicsiion vw>
tk<d the fo'i iney was the jiropcr tovac; but! alto thought
tnat the act remanding her hack should eontuin ovr a^ent, \
in the usual manner, foi her to Joi m acon-ititution, and thus
Icai c her Jrec to heroine a llta/e.:) >
: And so a distinguished gentleman in another
' place [Mr. Crittkxden] thought, not long since,
and possibly there are some here who may think ,
like him.
Well, sir, no gentleman can rise here and cite ;
! any Administration that has ever existed in this
Republic, down to the beginning of Mr. Buch-
anan's Administration, that has ever so flagrantly
violated the laws of th* Republic as to rccognize
any proceedings 0f a Tentorial Legislature on
this subject as having authority of hue. No man
can name anv hi. h oilicci of th,s Government that
has ever said so, as no man can show any vote of
Congress that has ever looked to such a recogni-
tion. It was, sir, the first blunder—to be followed
up consecutively and logically by other blunders
in law, in policy, as well as in morals—that this
Administration made, when it recognized the legal
authority of the Lecompton convention, assembled
under the Legislature of Kansas. It was the last
of the novelties which have been palmed on the
country as sound law, to break the fall to which
the inventors of the Kansas-Nebraska act have
been staggering for the last four years.
Sir, it was new in this Administration. No
member of either House of Congress, at the last
Congress, thought that there was any authority
in the act of 1854 for the people to proceed, or for
the Territorial Legislature to proceed. That law
reserved to Congress the right to divide the Ter-
ritory. How, then, could it authorize the people
of thatTemtory to form themselvesinto one State?
Did it contemplate that the wandering rabble that
was there when that law was passed had then the
right r And if they had not the right, pray how
and when was the construction of the law changed,
so fai as the legal meaning is concerned, by the
accession of population?
Did President Pierce, when he requested Con-
gress to settle the difficulties of Kansas by pass-
ing a law authorizing them to form a State con-
stitution when they should have ninety-three
thousand inhabitants, think the people of Kansas
then had that authority ? Did the gentleman [Mr.
Toombs] who, in another place, during the last
Congress, moved a'bill authorizing them, when
they should have ninety-three thousand inhabit-
ants, to form a constitution,and providing all the
detailed organization of the convention, think that
without that law they had the authority then ?
Did this House, when it. passed Mr. Dunn's bill,
suppose they v/eie doing then what the Territo-
rial Legislature had the right already to do, al-
though that bill postponed the exercise of the
authority it conferred until their population had
reached the requisite point? If they did not, then
wc have theconcurrentopinionsofalldepartmenta
of tho Government during the last Administration
—nay, of every member of the last Congress of
both sides, Democratic and Republican, as well
as of all previous Administrations, of the statute-
book speaking for itself no less than the reason
and nature of the proceeding, against the possi-
bility of any legal validity being imparted to the
convention and its proceedings by virtue of the
territorial laws; and those things of themselves
ought to be sufficient, in my judgment, to settle
the principle that there is no legal authority in the
Tei ritorial Legislature lo proceed i)i the matter.
But it is perfectly clear that the law of the Le-
gislature of Kansas itself has not been executed.
11 required a census to be taken in all the counties.
It was not taken in half of them. It requiicd the
appointment of delegates to be made after the cen-
sus was " completed" and " returned." It way
made before the census was more than half taken.
The law contemplated an apportionment on the
basis of a completed census of the whole Terri-
tory; and, of course, till that was tftme, there was
no authority to make any apportionment. The
causes of failure arc immaterial to the legal point;
but they are certified officially, by the Governor
and Secretary, to have been the neglect of the
local officers, and not the hostility or opposition
of the people. It required the apportionment to
lie made by the Governor and the Secretary. Jt .
was made by the Secretary alone, who was act-
ing Governor at the time. It required counties
not having population enough for a delegate, to
be attached to some distiicl; the fourteen counties
excluded fiom the census were not attached to
any district. They therefore had neither vote nor
representation, actual or constructive, in the con-
vention. This failure to execute the law alone is
fatal to every idea of legal validity in the proceed-
ings.
If there was no legal authority in the Legisla-
ture, then I suppose that the fabric of my honor-
able friends on the other side tumbles about their
ears. What becomes of the argument that we
cannot look behind the certificates: Why, the
certificates have nolegalauthoiity. What becomes
of the argument that these people who staid at
home autlioiized those who voted to vote for them?
