1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
preponderance in the adjustment of all questions arising
out of it."
Now, sir, some words indicate, what weall con-
cur in, that an acquisition of a free transit there
is of vast importance, almost indispensable to the
true interests of this country; and some portion of
it would indicate that it is to be acquired peace-
ably, at least not by petty larceny, but by grand
larceny. But, let Walker be carried back under
these circumstances; let him be carried back in a
national fleet; and let this apology be made, and
then we will have all got a construction given to
this resolution of the Cincinnati platform.
I think, sir, that it is time enough for us to
complain, as has been remarked with much force,
when Nicaragua complains; and if there is any-
thing to be gained by filibustering in that quarter,
beneficial to the Union or to the southern States,
just let Nicaragua ask us to make the apology
indicated by the gentleman from Georgia; then,
when they ask us to make that apology, all of us
who want any further filibustering will have a
good excuse by cairymg out this demand for apol-
ogy and for reparation. That would be to send
Walker out there, and not only let the men who
went with him, but others who have an inkling
that way, go too. [Laughter.]
And unless General Walker can keep up this
train of misfortune, which has followed him for
the last three or four years, I think he could ben-
efit Nicaragua some. I have no sympathy with
him. I have nothing to charge personally or polit-
ically against him, but am here to say that, in my
humble judgment, taking this whole case as it
stands before us, we ought not to pass censure
upon an officer who has, according to all ac-
counts, always borne himself well.
Mr. THAYER obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. BILLINGHURST, -who moved that the
committee rise; which motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Phelps)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the annual
message of the President of the Uiyted States, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
SECURITY OF STEAMBOAT PASSENGERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move, Mr.
Speaker, to reconsider the vote by which the fur-
ther consideration of the bill for the protection of
passengers 011 vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam, was postponed to the first Tues-
day in February; and also move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. REILLY. T hope the gentleman will with-
draw his latter motion until 1 can withdraw some
papers from the files of the House, that they may
be sent in to the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, withdrew his
motion to adjourn.
Leave was then granted for the withdrawal of
the papers referred to from the files of the House,
for the purpose indicated.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, the motion to
reconsider made by the gentleman from Illinois,
is one which ought to be disposed of at once, be-
cause, if allowed to remain pending, it will put it
in the power of those who maybe disposed to
press this bill before other measures in the morn-
ing hour, or at any other time, to call it up. It acts
as a special order. My opinion is that the motion
ought now to be acted on. I am in favor of re-
considering the vote by which the bill was made
a special order, in order to move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole 011 the state
of the Union. If, however, this is a bill which
demands immediate action, let the House so de-
termine, and the bill can be disposed of at once,
without reference to a committee.
But to keep the bill pending, as the gentleman
proposes, is not treating the House fairly; nor is
it just in reference to the other bills which are be-
fore the House. The motion of the gentleman
from Illinois will give the friends of the bill the
control of the entire business of the House, at
least for such time as may be consumed in its pas-
sage. I move that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
the House then (at twenty minutes past three
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned. *
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 7,1858.
Prayer by Rev. T. H. Bocock, D. D.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. D. L. Yulee, of Florida, appeared in his
seat.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DIXON presented the petition of Samuel
Colt,praying for an extension of his patent for an
improvement in fire-arms; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, praying that the public lands may be
laid out in farms, and granted free of cost to actual
settlers who are not possessed of other lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of Charles
Fairbanks and others, praying for an extension
of the pension laws; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. IYERSON presented an additional paper
in relation to the claim of John W.Phillips; which,
with his memorial on file, was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. POLK presented the petition of Henry D.
V. Hinman, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying
that a pension of eight dollars a month may be
granted to him and the other soldiers of that war;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Joseph Hardy
and Alton Long, praying for the return of rent
collected by the agents of the United States for the
working of mines not the property of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. SEWARD. I present a petition of citi-
zens of the State of New York, residing in the
town of Canandaigua, who pray the Senate to
bring forward some practical measure by which
the people of the North may cooperate in a gen-
erous and brotherly spirit with the people of the
South, m gradually extinguishing slavery, by a
fair and honorable compensation to the slave-
holding States for the manumission of their slaves.
As, from the reception which other petitions of
this class have met with here, there is probably
no committee to which it will be acceptable, I
therefore move that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. EVANS presented the credentials of Hon.
James H. Hammond, chosen by the Legislature
of South Carolina, Senator from that State, to
fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of Hon.
A. P. Butler, for the term ending on the 3d of
March, 1861; which were read, and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Hammond, he took his seat in the Senate.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the memotial of Otw.iy H. Berryman, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Naval Allans.
On motion of Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That John McKinney have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered} That the petition of George L. Bowne and Wil-
liam Curry, on the files of the Senate, be leferrcd to the
Committee 011 Commerce.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Johnson, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Anthony W. Bayard, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee 011 Mili-
tary Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of the
Academy of Natural Sciences, of Philadelphia,
for the printing of Dr. John Evans's report of his
geological surveys in Oregon and Washington
Territories, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Printing; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of the United
States, praying that the public lands may be laid
out in farms, and granted to actual settlers free of ,
cost, reported that legislation on the subject was
not requisite, and therefore asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition;
which was agreed to. *
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William B. Davis,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Craton W. Brant,
and the papers in relation to the claim of William
Smith; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY,from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of Daniel and
William P. Draper, praying that a register may
be granted to the bark Jehu, a Dominican vessel,
late called the Naiad Queen, reported a bill (S.
No. 50) to authorize the issuing of a register to
the bark Jehu; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, who were,
by a resolution of the Senate, instructed to inquire
into the subject, reported a bill (S. No. 51) to au-
thorize a register to be issued to the steamer Fear-
less; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a joint resolution (S. No. 5) to
authorize certain officers and men engaged in the
search for Sir John Franklin, to receive certain
medals presented to them by the Government of
Great Britain; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Oidered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day. it be to
meet on Monday next.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 49) to provide for the construction of
a court-house, post office, and custom-house, in
Appalachicola, in the State of Florida; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 48)
for the construction of a marine hospital at Appa-
lachicolfujn the State of Florida; which was read
twice by1™ Title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Air. JONES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill {S. No. 47) con-
firming the location of land warrants under cer-
tain circumstances; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
EMIGRANT PASSENGER TICKETS.
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to;
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested toturnish,if not incompatible with the public inter-
est, copies ot the correspondence with, arid dispatches from,
our Mimstns at the Courts of England, France, Switzer-
land, and other Powers, on the subject of the dangers to emi-
giants anting from the pmctice of contracting with irre-
sponsible parties 111 Europe lor American inland passage
tickets.
COMMISSIONERS TO CHINA.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
liesoloed, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible
with the public interest, all the official dispatches and cor-
respondence of the Won. Robert MeLane, and of the Hon.
Peter Parker, late Commissioners to China, with the State
Department.
STEAMER INSPECTORS.
Mr. MALLORY submitted tiie following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Commerce be direetcd
to inquire as to the expediency of providing for the appoint-
ment of inspectors of tlie liulis and boilers of steamers in
the collection distncts of the State of Florida.
NAVIGATION LAWS.
Mr. TOOMBS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of modifying or repealing the navigation
laws, and report by bill or otherwise.
