264
appendix TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
A.dmission of Kansas—Mr. Clay.
Ho. of Reps.
If there was no legal election, they were not bound
by it. If there was no law requiring them to at-
tend, staying at home was their duty. They were
only not participating in an usurpation. The
foundation fora presumption of the assent of those
who staid at home, is, that the law required
them to be at the polls. The good old law of Vir-
ginia, as my honorable friend in my eye will re-
member, made it a punishable offense to stay away
from an election; and though there may be no law
punishing it, yet it is a violation of law, and of
the duly of the citizen, to stay away from an elec-
tion. It is the duty of the citizen to cast his vote;
and if the citizen does not cast it, he is held to au-
thorize those who do; but that cannot be where
the proceeding has no legal validity—that pre-
sumption cannot arise where it is merely a vol-
untary collection of a portion of the people of the
Territory to signify their willingness to admit a
certain form of constitution without their having
any authority to bind anybody else. I suppose,
then, that in that point of view, the whole argu-
ment upon the other side is in ruins. All their
barriers of laws and certificates, presumptions
against fact, and acquiescences extorted from pro-
tests and denials, are swept away.
We arc at hboi ty to see that only two thousand
six hundred and seventy people voted on calling
a convention; that only two thousand two hun-
dred people elected the convention; that the cen-
sus shows only nine thousand two hundred and
iifty-one voters, and twenty-four thousand seven
hundred and eighty people in the Territory which
lias transformed itself into -a State. And if
they who hitherto insisted on confining us to legal
returns and certificates now suggest the imper-
fections of the-census and legistry, I agiec we
may go further and see that there may bo twelve
thousand voters, and from thiity-seven thousand
to forty-two thousand people in the Teiritm-y;
but of them not three thousand voters modestly
ask the powers of a State government against the
votes of ten thousand, and the protest of seven
thousand. Nay, sir, emancipated ftom every
trammel, we are at liberty and bound to go further
and to inquire whether there lias been in this
Territory such fierce collisions, such hostile pas-
sions, so much of rebellion against their regular
government, such an absolute division of the peo-
ple with reference to their government, so much
of civil bloodshed, so much of military control,
Mich tin absence of the oidinary political virtues,
of calmness, of consideration, of deliberation, as
the President describes ; whetheran overwhelm-
ing majority of the people are opposed to the
thing that is now sought to be forced or foisted
upon them and devoted to another form of govern-
ment. It relievos us from the fear of encounter-
ing the clangers intimated nnd vaguely hinted at
by irentlemen upon the other wide in the event of
our venturing to do our duty. It leaves us free ,
to determine whether, under all these encum- ;■
stances, it is not a fair ease for legislative discre- :
tion to pause and ask the people again what they :
nay, upon " a sober, second thought,"aboutit— i
to see whether the people are likely to submit or !
likely to resist—whether any such great jjood is
io be accomplished by now forcing this eonsntu-
i;on upon thorn, that in-.n ituble civil war will be '
coropen. \it< d by it. [
Woa:e told by the President that this is the
shortest vay to settle the aquation. 3Ur Chair- '
man, I confess myself aston.shed at such an opin-
ion from .i gentleman who has seen so much of ;
public service, has so long filled (in.timrmshed po- '
anions, and nUo knows, < t ought to know, so
much of human nature. Why, what has been the '
difficulty in that unfortunate T- n itory ? Was n not
that their Teiritorial LeTS^'Utre was usurped1
Is not that the i^aoon that, f; ">ni th.- foumlatiui of
ihe Territory to la-=t October, the pc opto refused
*'j recognise any authority uii ior the laws ema-
na'.mgfiom that Legislature? Have they not been
quieted only by the earnest, eliorts and v/arm ap- i
peals, backed by the military power, of Govei nor .
Walker} Were they not quieted alone by the os- '
surance, which he gave them, that they should
nave an opportunity of expressing their opjmon
on the law which was to govern them? Did they
not join in the October election because they had
confidence in his assurances? Was itnotfor the
Crst time that the people of that Tenitory had '
ever met, face to face, in an American manner, at
the common ballot-box? Was it not the first time
that-thcy had stood in any other attitude, except
that of hostility, with arms in their hands and
hatred in their hearts? And are we to be told by
the President that the way to pacify them is, to
subject them permanently to the hateful domina-
tion of the handful of menfrom whose hands they
would have wrested the government—as the Pre-
sident tells us—but for the United States troops;
that the whole sanctity and authority of a State
government shall remove them from all the power
of Congress to redress their grievances; that they
shall be admitted as a State, and thereby be de-
livered over to the legal authorities under the con-
stitution which they protest against, which Con-
gress cannot repeal, and will be bound to enforce
if resisted? for, if the State be admitted, Congress
has then no discretion but to follow the legal line
of authority,and to put down everything else as
rebellion. But has not the President learned
enough from the experience of the last three years
to make him pause ere he pushed the country upon
this dangerous experiment; or is he madly bent
on a party triumph at the risk of civil war, forced
on people of Anglo-Saxon bloo$, as the only al-
ternative to a tame surrender of their right of self-
government?
The President's policy is high treason against
the right of the people to govern themselves. His
apology for his conduct is insulting to the victims
of his usurpation.
Is it true that the dividing line is between those
who are loyal to this territorial government and
those who endeavored to destroy it by force and
usurpation ? Then the latter have been no parties
to the proceedings for a convention, yet are to be
subject to the constitution.
U it Hue that the territorial government would
long since have been subverted had it not been
protected from their assaults by the troops of the
United States? Then the stronger part of the
people is against the proceeding for a constitu-
tion; and it is to the weaker part the President
proposes to confide the powers of State govern-
ment over the stronger, (s not this to deliver the
State into the hands of its enemies? or will the
rebels submit when the United States withdiaw
their troops? or are they to guiranty the new
usurpation ?
Is it true that Secretary Stanton was obliged to
summon the Legislature as the only means where-
by the election of the Jilst December could be con-
ducted without collision and bloodshed? Then,
why was IVir. Stanton dismissed for summoning
them ? Was it in furtherance of the same policy
which then refused the people an opportunity to
speak, and now that they have spoken, refuse to
hear them ? Or if that election could not be con-
ducted without, collision and bloodshed, because
the people wore subjected to an authority they
defied, i--. it the purpose of the President to insure
the collision and bloodshed Stanton avoided, by
forcing on them a government which they have
protested and remonstrated onanist, and are ready
to defy and destroy? Is that the readiest method
of settling the Kansas question ?
Is u the truth, that up to the present moment the
enemies of the enabling government adhere to their
Topeka revolutionary constitution ? Then they are
not likely to receive the Leeompton constitution.
Is the reason the people refused to vote for del-
egates to the convention, that they have ever re-
fused to sanction or recognize any other consti-
tution than that of Topeka ? Then surely they
are not among those who sanction the Leeompton
constitution. It is not by their will it is put over
them. It. was not from acquiescence they refrained
from voting. Their silence is their dhsuil; the
P^esic'ent sells v.-i so. He says they would have
voted against it had it been submitted. Surely,
then, silence is as insUucfive as their voice.
Sir, i:i my judgment, the passage of this lav/is
a declaration of civil war. The history of the last
three years in Iv\mens leaves no doubt that the
people will not submit to this constitution. It
cannot legally be changed before 1864. I think it
a fair case for disregtrding the form of law, and
the substance of law. If the constitutional au-
thorities should concur in the change, peace may
be preserved. I trust they will concur, and that
pcace will be preserved. But if they do resist the
change which the mass of the people will demand,
if we now refuse to listen to their protest, then,
in myjudgment, the shortest remedy is the best.
Free government is a farce if men are required
to submit to usurpation such as h as here been per-
petrated, and I fear the people of Kansas are not in
a mood to assist at the farce. Thoy'will turn it into
tragedy. Having heretofore resisted, we ought to
suppose they will resist again. We ought to act
wisely and carefully; and if we have discretion
now, we will not drive this people upon revolu-
tionary courses. Give them a mode of relief, and
allow them to follow that peaceful course which
they are inclined to follow, according to all re-
poi ts from that Territory. Give them the oppor-
tunity of expressing their will as to the law under
which they are to live; and having expressed their
will—whether it be for slavery or against slavery,
is, in my judgment, absolutely immaterial—allow
them to come in at a proper time, with a proper
population, and with reasonable boundaries and a
rich dower, as one of the sister States of the Re-
public.  
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HONTjaMES B. CLAY,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
March 30, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
start; of th'i Union—
Mr. CLAY said:
Mr. Ciiatrman: I have repeatedly, sir, sought
to obtain the floor to make known some of my
opinions: but, until now,have never been so for-
tunate as to succeed, because, I presume, of the
fact that I would not go to the Speaker's chair to
ask my name to be placed on the list there kept,
having determined that if I could not get the floor
from this, my seat, as a Representative in Con-
gress, I would confine myself to my duty of voting
upon all questions of importance. And now, sir,
having been recognized, I am ill, quite ill, as I
have been for some days; and this fact must bo
my excuse and my apology for doing that which,
under ordinary circumstances, I disapprove, read-
ing the greater part of the remarks I shall olfer;
but to-morrow is the last day allowed to this de-
bate, and I must say now what 1 wish to say, or
not at all.
I have desired, sir, at some time during the
pendency of the question of the admission or non-
adnussion of Kansas as a State into the Union,
under the constitution made at Leeompton, to give
public expression of some of my views upon the
subject from my pioper place in this House. It
id so late, sir, in the debate that the subject seems,
indeed, almost to be exhausted; the minds of
member^ arc made up, and I can hope to accom-
plish nothing beyond placing myself upon the rec-
oid, whilst there is some doubt as to the ultimate
fate of the measure. 1 only desire to do this that
my friends at home, and the country generally,
may know precisely how I stand upon the ques-
tion; and it will be my purpose to express myself
with that futnkness and fuvdom which I have
endeavored always to observe during my short
political career.
In the first place, sir, I wish to make a personal
explanation, which, perhaps, I ought to have
made at the time, but which I have considered
would be more apropos when I should have other
occasion to address the House. In the early days
of the session 1 had the honor to call upon the
President, with other gentlemen, for the purpose
of giving linn information as to the state of the
Democratic party upon the Kansas question,
which, in my opinion, was at the time important.
Of this I made no secret; and yet, in newspapers
cf my own country find elsewhere, I was greatly
misrepresented, as having gone to tender advice
and remonstrance to the Chief Magistrate. I
went to the President for no such purpose. Ad-
vice or remonstrance on my part to him would
have been a sort of iiilcrvtiillon which my sense
of propriety would have forbidden. He under-
stood me well, or ought to have done so, as did all
those who knew the facts. My sole desire was
to preserve harmony end good feeling in a party
with wluch 1 was acting-
