216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
MINISTER TO JAPAN.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution submitted by Mr. Gwm on Tuesday-
last:
Resotved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law for the appointment of a Minister Plenipotentiary to
the Empire of Japan.
Mr. MASON. I suggest that the resolution
be modified so as simply to instruct the committee
to inquire into the expediency of making an ap-
propriation for this object.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest to the Senator from
Virginia to include in his amendment a proposi-
tion to make an appropriation for other American
officers in the Japanese Empire. That will bring
up for the consideration of the committee the
question whether there should not be some com-
pensation allowed to our Commissioner and our
consul general who are there. It seems to me
the whole subject had better go to the committee
together.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to that
modification. I do not see in his seat the Senator
who moved the resolution, but I am satisfied he
will not object to it. I move to amend the reso-
lution so that it shall read:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making an ap-
propuation bylaw for the compensation of a Minuter Plen-
ipotentiary to the Empire of Japan.
Mr. HAMLIN. My amendment is to add:
" And for other officers of the United States Gov-
ernment in Japan."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the adoption of the resolution as amended.
Mr. MASON. My only object in offering the
amendment was to make the resolution conform
to what I understand to be the relations of the
legislative department in reference to missions
abroad; wo can do no more than make an appro-
priation for them. I am not at all satisfied either
of the expediency or propriety just now of mak-
ing such an appropriation in this case; but I stated
to the honorable Senator who moved the resolu-
tion that I would not object to the inquiry.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
ALEXANDER J- ATOCHA.
Mr. FOOT. I offer the following ie,solution:
Resolved, Th.it tin' fcVeici.irj leqijes! the lofnin to the
Senate, from the Com t of Claim*, m Hie bill (S No. :>«) |or
the rehel of Alexander J. Atoeh.i, lo:;etiiei \wtli ihe lepoit
of the committee, and the paper.* lelauw,' to the ea-e,
I ask for the consideration of the resolution at
this time, as 1 shall follow it up by a motion to
reconsider the action of the Senate m this cose.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
Vermont was good enough to make this motion,
he having voted in the majority, at the instance
of some gentlemen, of whom I am one, who are
very desirous that this subject should be uga.n
before the Senate. The only mode of doing it,
as I am informed, is to pass this resolution, in
order to bring the subject in a condition for recon-
sideration. Whether the Senate will reconsider
it or not, is for them to decide; but if the motion
be not made to-day, three days will have elapsed
since the bill was disposed of, and it cannot be
made at all. I hope the Senate will adopt the res-
olution.
Mr. STUART The Senator from Virginiais
right, as to the effect of this proposition; but if
the sense of the Senate is now decidedly against
the reconsideration, it can as well be determined
on this resolution; so I think the vote bed better
be taken.on it as a test question, if there is no
disposition to reconsider the subject af all, let this
resolution be voted down, and that will be an end
of the matter.
Mr. MASON. If the sense of the Senate is de-
cidedly against entertaining this claim, of coursc
the suggestion of the honorable Senator from
Michigan is perfectly sound ; but I am not aware
of an instance in which the Senate has refused to
reconsider, on the request of any Senator who
feels himself earnestly desirous that another op-
portunity should be had for bringing a question
before the Senate. There is no committal by a
reconsideration.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to lay the motion for
reconsideration on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No motion to re-
consider is before the Senate. The question is on
the resolution requesting the return of the papers
from the Court of Claims.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise a question of order.
The papers have been committed to the Court of
Claims, and we cannot recall them. We might,
within the time limited by the rule, have recon-
sidered the order sending the case to the Court of
Claims, but we cannot now remand the papers.
Mr. JONES. It was often done last year.
Mr. MASON. 1 can say to my honorable col-
league that this has been done by the Senate over
and over again, and it is the only means by which
the public business can be discharged. It is per-
fectly competent for the Senate to refuse to recall
these papers; but the same thing has been done
over and over again in other cases. It is the only
means by which the object can be^attained.
Mr. HUNTER. I was not aware of the pre-
cedent. Is my colleague sure that it was not done
in the cases to which he alludes, by way of re-
consideration? If we can recall these papers we
can recall any other papers. It seems to me that
there is but one way in which we can undo the
work we have done, and that is by reconsidera-
tion. This, however, is an original proceeding,
and I do not see why we may not call for other
papers as well as these. To end the matter and
test the sense of the Senate, £ move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. ALLEN and Mr. FESSENDEN called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 22; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayaul, Bigs5?, Chandler, Colla-
mcr, Davis, Doohrtle, Duikee, Evans, Fcssenden, Fitzpat-
rick, Green, llamhn, Hailan, Houston, Hunter,'iveison,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kmjr, Pe.ueo,
Polk, Sebastian, Stiunt, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wade—
-27.
NAYri—Mcs<m3. Bell. Benjamin, Broderirk, Blown,
Clark, Clay, Crittenden, Dixon, Douglas,Fiteh, Foot, £Vi*
ter,Uwm, Jones IG-nucdy, Malloiy, Mason. Pu^h, Reward,
tfnmnons, Thomson ot New Jersey, and Wilson—"22.
So the resolution was ordered to he oh the
table.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Son-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with certain
resolutions of the Senate, information in relation
to nffaiis in Kansas.
Mr. PUGH. . I suggest that it be laid upon the
table, and printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move the reference of the
report to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest that
the proposition to punt be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing. I will state that, for the ac-
commodation of all, we can have it printed, and
brought before us, by the next meeting of the
Senate. The committee are probably able to re-
port on it now.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Territories, and the motion to print it was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the con-
sent of the Senate, by the authority of the Com-
mittee on Printing, to report in favor of printing
the message.
The report was agreed to.
ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, m response to a resolution calhngforcopies
of all orders, instructions, and correspondence,
with reference to the recent arrest of William
Walker and his associates, on the coast of Cen-
tral America.
The message was read, aad is as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
In submitting to the Senate the papers for which
they have called, I deem it proper to make a few
observations.
In capturing General Walkerand his command,
after they had landed on the soil of Nicaragua,
Commodore Paulding has, in my opinion, com-
mitted a grave error. It is quite evident, however,
from the communications herewith transmitted,
that this was done from pure and patriotic mo-
tives, and in the sincere conviction that he was
promoting the interests and vindicating the honor
of his country. In regard to Nicaragua, she has
sustained no injury by the act of Commodore
Paulding. This has mured to her benefit, and re-
lieved her from a dreaded invasion. She alone'
would have any right to complain of the violation
of her territory; and it is quite certain she will
never exercise this right. It unquestionably does
not lie in the mouth of her invaders to complain
in her name that she has been rescued by Com-
modore Paulding from their assaults. The error
of this gallant officer consists in exceeding his in-
structions, and landing his sailors and marines in
Nicaragua, whether with or without her consent,
for the purpose of making war upon any military
force whatever which he might find in the coun-
try, no matter from whence they came. This
power certainly did not belong to him. Obedience
to law and conformity to instructions are the best
and safest guides for all officers, civil and mili-
tary, and when they transcend these limits, and
act upon their own personal'responsibility, evil
consequences almost inevitably follow.
Under these circumstances, when Marshal Ryn-
ders presented himself at the State Department on
the 20th ultimo, with General Walkerin custody,
the Secretary informed him that the executive
department of the Government did not recognize
General Walker as a prisoner; that it had no di-
rections to give concerning lnni; and that it is
only through the action of the judiciary that he
could be lawfully held in custody to answer any
charges that might be brought against him.
In thus far disapproving the conduct of Commo-
dore Paulding, no inference must be drawn that
I am less determined than I ever have been to ex-
ecute the neutrality laws of the United States.
This is my imperative duty; and I shall continue
to perform it by all the means which the Consti-
tution and the laws have placed in my power.
My opinion of the value and importance of these
laws corresponds entirely with that expressed
by Mr. Monroe, in his message to Congress of
December 7, 1819. That wise, prudent, and
patriotic statesman says: {< It is of the highest
importance to our national character and indis-
pensable to the morality of our citizens that all
violations of our neutrality should be prevented.
No door should be left open for the evasion of
our laws, no opportunity afforded to any who may
be disposed to take advantage of it to compromit
the interest or the honor of the nation."
The crime of setting on foot or providing the
means for a military expedition within iheUnited
States to make war against a foreign State with
which we are at peace, is one of an aggravated
and dangerous character, and early engaged the
attention of Congress. Whether the executive
Governmentpossesses any, or what power, under
the Constitution, independently of Congress, to
prevent or punish this and similar offenses against
the law of nations, was a subject which engaged
the attention of ourmost eminent statesmenm the
time of the Administration of General Washing-
ton, and on the occasion of the French revolution.
The act of Congress of the 5th of June, 1794, for-
tunately removed all the difficulties on this ques-
tion which had theretofore existed. The fifth and
seventh sections of this act, which relate to the
present question, are the same in substance with
the sixth and eighth sections of the act of April
20, 1818, and have now been in force for a period
of more than sixty years.
The military expedition rendered criminal by
the act must have its origin, must " begin," or
be " set on foot," in the United States; but the
great object of the law was to save foreign States
with whom we were at peace from the ravages
of these lawless expeditions proceeding from our
shores. The seventh section alone, therefore,
which simply defines the crime and its punish-
ment, would have been inadequate to accomplish
this purpose and enforce our international duties.
In order to render the law effectual, it was neces-
sary to prevent C{ the carrying on" of such ex-
peditions to their consummation after they had
succeeded in leaving our shores.
This has been done effectually, ^nd in clear and
