1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
resentative. There is none assigned to any
particular fraction. This condition of things is
brought about by the necessities) I suppose, that
are imposed on a new State where it has not a j
population which will assign to it under the ex-
isting law a certain number of Representatives,
equal to what may have been assigned to the
States in the Union at the time the apportionment
was made proportionate to its population; and
that we can only get at the result legitimately and
constitutionally, by assigning to this State for the
present but one Representative. I move, therefore,
to strike out the residue of the section.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I concur with the Senator
from Virginia that under the bill as it now stands
the House of Representatives would assign but
one Representative to Minnesota. As I stated be-
fore, I agreed *to that section in committee as a
matter of necessity, in order to get permission to
report the bill at all. I desired to give Minnesota
the whole three members she has elected. If I
could not get that, I desired to give her two, and
therefore voted for the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina. My object, in moving to
strike out the entire section, is to give her three.
The amendment of the Senator from Virginia will
certainly fix it at one. It is unnecessary to argue
it. The Senate understands the question.
Mr. MASON. I do not exactly understand
the Senator from Illinois. As I am informed, the i
population of this Territory, ascertained under ;
the census directed by the law of 1857, so far as
it lias been ascertained, would not entitle her to
two Representatives, unless she should have a
fractional part of a unit represented. Do I un-!
derstand the Senator from Illinois to say that his
purpose is to give to that State a larger number of
Representatives in proportion to its population
than is assigned to the other States under the
Constitution; or that he would fix it at three, re-
gardless of whether, under the apportionment
which is fixed by the Constitution, she would be j
entitled to only two, and thus make a distinction i
in favor of this State ? !
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the Senator
very frankly. When I reported the bill some years
ago to admit Texas into the Union, we had no
official evidence which warranted the belief that
she had population enough for more than one ;
member of Congress; yet there was unofficial
evidence such as left the impression on our minds :
that she had more than that, and her population [
was increasing very rapidly, and Congress con-
cluded to act on the best information they had, '
which was satisfactory to etich member, though j
not official, and we allowed Texas two members
of Congress. So in the case of California, the |
official returns would not have justified the allow- 1
ance of more than one member, but we had un- ,
official verbal information such as to satisfy mem- '
bers that probably she was entitled to two. It was
a very large new State, and we thought we should
be liberal towards her, and we allowed her two
members, I would act on the same rule with
Minnesota. While technically, under the law,
she would be entitled to only one member, yet
the official evidence shows that she has sufficient
population for one, and more than a moiety of the
number required for another. For this reason I
voted to allow her two members. I have had evi-
dence which satisfies me that the census was not
fairly taken, and that a large part of the popula-
tion were excluded. Under that state of the case,
I believe there is in Minnesota population more
than enough for two members of Congress, and
therefore I am in favor of allowing three. I do
not think she has quite enough population for
three, but she certainly has more than enough for
two. I have voted for two; I shall vote for three;
in other words, I shall vote for the highest num-
ber, not exceeding three, that I can get. I act on
that principle.
Mr. MASON. The actual number provided
for in the apportionment as the ratio of represent-
ation is ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty. Then to entitle a State to two Repre-
sentatives, if we are to be governed by the rule,
she must have one hundred and eighty-six thou-
sand eight hundred and forty inhabitants. The
census, as far as taken,shows, I understand, one
hundred and fifty thousand.
Mr. BENJAMIN. One hundred and thirty-
six thousand.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The subsequent rcturrs
show one hundred and forty-two thousand, with
six counties to be heard from; and estimating the
population in those counties according to the vote
given, we should have the whole number one
hundred and forty-nine or one hundred and fifty
thousand, according to the census.
Mr. MASON. That is in the whole Terri-
tory.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, according to the cen-
sus.
Mr. MASON. Then one hundred and fifty
thousand is the maximum population of Minne-
sota, according to the actual returns, and from a
computation or estimate that, I suppose, has been
liberally made. I understand the Senator from
Illinois, in providing for the admission of this
northwestern State, to say that because, in the
case of Texas, Congress assigned two members,
without having any official returns of what the
population was, and allowing each Senator or
member of the House of Representatives to de-
termine for himself, by such estimate as he could
form, what it was; and because, in the case of
California, on conjectural estimate alone, two
members were allowed to that State, he, in this
case, with official information that there is not a
population in Minnesota that will entitle this State
to two Representatives, is prepared to give her
three; and the reason for it, if I understand him
correctly, is that he does not believe the census
returns were accurately taken.
Well, now, Mr. President, we have a rule of
the Constitution, one that is most important to
preserve the equality of these States, and that is,
that in the popular branch, political power shall
be wielded in proportion to numbers, ascertained
in the mode provided by the Constitution, and we
have a law to carry that out. I would submit,
then, with the great respect which I bear to the
honorable Senator and his position here, whether
it is not rather too liberal to say that in affecting
political power m the popular branch, he will feel
himself at liberty to repudiate and disclaim in-
formation provided by law, and given under the
sanctions of law, in order to concede a large po-
litical weight in the popular branch to a State pro-
posing to come in than would be conceded either
by the laws or the Constitution? 1 cannot see,I
confess, any manner by which we can, as at pres-
ent informed, allow this new State more than one
Representative, without doing it in flagrant dis-
regard both of the Constitution and the laws of
the land.-
Mr. GREEN. I think the Senator from Vir-
ginia is a little mistaken, because the enabling act,
as we call it, is not obligatory upon the present
Congress. The enabling act made a cei tain pio-
vision. That enabling act said Minnesota should
have one member, and such othcis as the census
should show her to be entitled to; but that ena-
bling act is not the law to govern this Congress.
It was a promise and a pledge to the people of
Minnesota, and they have a right to insist that we
j shall come up to it; but we have a right to go be-
i yond it. The evidence before us is this: the cen-
I sus is imperfectly taken, and I have here letters,
! received by tiie Secretary of the Interior, showing
! that several of the marshals refused to take the
j census because thecompcnsation was not enough
' to pay their expenses. I have evidence more
! than that: one of the marshals who had taken
i the census, when he ascertained what his com-
I pensation would be, threw the returns in the fire
! and burnt them up. We have census returns of
' one hundred and forty-six thousand, and other
! counties not heard from, that would swell the
1 number up, according to the same rate, to more
than one hundred and iifiy thousand.
Mr. BAYARD. Is dry return of this made to
1 Congress '<
Mr. GREEN. I have the evidences in my
i drawer. Pari of them I presented to the Senator
j from Illinois. Now we know that the vote cast
I for the election of State officers was forty thou-
sand four hundred and twenty-two. We have
j the census ot' ceitain counties, and the vote of
certain counties. Strike the average to see how
many inhabitants there are to the voter, and you
will find itto be six inhabitants to a voter. Mul-
tiply the forty thousand four hundred and twen-
• ty-two by six, and you have got more than two
Miundred and forty thousand inhabitants. We
know the census was taken imperfectly. The
evidence is before in: the Secretary of the Inte-
rior has received letters showing; that fact. As
the census is imperfect, as we have other evi-
dence bearing on the point, as it tends to prove,
and, in th'e absence of anything conflicting with
it, does prove, that Minnesota hag two hundred
and forty thousand inhabitants, to limit her sim-
ply to one member, as though she had but nine-
ty-three thousand inhabitants would be unjust.
I am not able to talk on this subject. My lungs
are worn out; my system is exhausted; and all
I can do is to present this simple point: first, that
the census returns, the evidence shows, were im-
perfect, and the marshal^ were notable to take it:
some of them, in consequence of the inadequacy
of the pay, burnt up the census returns after they
had taken them.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to ask him a question ? Does he know
how these marshals were paid for taking the
names ? Were they paid per capita or by the day?
Mr. GREEN. They were paid according to
the rate of proportion adopted, I think, on the
motion of Senator Underwood, of Kentucky.
Mr. MASON, and others. " The square root."
[Laughter.]
Mr. GREEN. I know they all said it was so
inadequate that they could not afford to travel
over a large extent of country for the few cents
of compensation provided. We do know, how-
ever, that a certain number of votes were cast,
and we also know that the average of population
to the votes returned is about six to one, and that
will give us over two hundred and forty thousand
inhabitants. On that I feel justified in acting in-
asmuch as I am not bound by the prior action.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is veryevidentthatwe can-
not dispose of this bill to-day. There are various
executive messages that ought to be considered,
and I move now that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
After some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 24, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 306, to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priation for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1858; upon which Mr. Clark,
of Missouri, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman,
whatever may have been my disposition hereto-
fore not to engage in this debate, I feel constrained
at this time, in view of the speech of my honorable
colleague [Mr. Blair] yesterday, to depart from
that rule. He has attempted, by his speech here
yesterday, as well as heretofore, to inaugurate a
new policy in the' State which he and I in part
represent. When I entered the Congress of the
i United States as a Representative from Missouri,
' I expected to meet opposition to our policy from
Representatives of the northern States. I expect-
ed to hear, and came prepared to hetir, such argu-
mentsfroni gentlemen whose education and whose
bias, from being reared up under different insti-
tutions, would naturally lead them to oppose the
institution of slavery. But I did not expect ever
to hear any gentleman from a southern State,
raised and educated and living under our institu-
tions, assuming a position of antagonism to the
interests of the South, throwing the weight of his
voice and influence against them, and endeavoring
to shed a blight over the country.
Mr. Chairman, that gentleman indicated, in
j; his speech yesterday, his purpose to effect one of
|, two objects, either of which would bring direct
! destruction on the State he in part represents. One
. of those purposes is to establish the principle of
