1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Clay.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. Chairman, we have now before us all the light
upon the Kansas question that we can expect to
have. A committee of investigation of this House
was early appointed. Majority and minority have
made their reports, if not to the House, at least
they are before the country. The whole subject
has been elaborately discussed in both Houses of
Congress, and there is not a single fact bearing in
the remotest degree upon it, not even the determ-
ination of Mr. Calhoun in respect to the State
officers of Kansas, which is not well known.
It is impossible to disguise the fact, sir, however
munh gentlemen may protest against it, that at the
bottom of all the difficulties about Kansas, lies
thatsame question that has so often put the Union
in peril: I mean the question of negro slavery. And
itdoesseem to mc, sir,that if we could only bring
ourselves to be actuated by the same spirit of lofty
patriotism that inspired the best men of all par-
ties in those momentous periods of 1820,1832, and
id50,we should find but little difficulty in our way.
1 am perfectly aware, sir, that many gentlemen
assert that the question of slavery has nothing^o
do with their opposition to the admission of Kan-
sas; and I am free to admit that I believe some of
the northern Democrats in opposition honestly
think it has not. 1 believe, sir, that they only de-
ceive and delude themselves, and that they will ibid
it impossible to convince the country that such is
not the fact. Everywhere in Kentucky, during
the contests of 1856 and 1857, whilst those with
whom I acted asserted that the Democratic party
was a national party; that its members North as
well as South were true to the Union and to the
guarantees of the Constitution, especially upon the
question of slavery, we were met by the response
that the whole -North was abolition in sentiment,
and that we were only deceived by our northern
friends, honest though we might be ourselves;
and that at the first presentation of the question,
they would desert us. How will we return to our
constituents should Kansas be refused admission?
They will say to us, that up to the meeting of
Congress; from the time immigration, actual or
forced, first began to flow into Kansas, the ques-
tion of slavery, and thutalone, was the prominent,
absorbing, and agitating question. They will say
that the noithem Dcmociats took their position
against admission before many of the matters
which have since afforded pretexts had any exist-
ence; before the elections of December and .Tan-
nary, pronounced, and perhaps justly, as full of
f.aud; before the conduct of Calhoun was known.
No matter what questions of submissions or of
enabling acts have since been raised, ail, all, they
will say, have been but pretexts by which gen-
tlemen have sought to disguise from themselves
and fiom others tiie bare, nuked truth, that their
opposition to the Lecompton constitution is be-
cause of the slavery clause. Scornfully they will
point to the aspect of parties in this House. They
will show how the Republican party presents
itself in sohd, unbroken phalanx, not a member
of it hesitating or wavering for an instant; all, who
answer the question frankly, declaring they will
never vote tor the admission of a slave State.
Turning to the Democratic opposition, they will
show that not a man comes from south of Mason
and Dixon's line. They will see some few south-
ern members, it is possible, untrue to the consti-
tutional rights of the South; but they are not of
the Democratic party; they are of that party so
pigrnlly defeated in my own State, some of whose
members openly asserted, in 1656, that they would
prefer the success of Fremont to that of Mr. Buch-
' anan; and who, upon the news of every Abolition
victory over the Democrats, threw up their hats
and shouted for joy; who, by their sullen opposi-
tion to the Democratic party, to say the least, laid
themselves open to the charge of suffering Mr.
.Banks to be elected Speaker of this House.
Sir, whilst m this connection, 1 cannot fail to
notice some passages of the very remarkable
speech of the old and distinguished Senator from '
my State, [Mr. Crittenden.] Filial, if not pub-
lic duty requires that I should do so. I refer to
that part of the honorable Senator's speech against
the admission of Kansas in which he alludes to I
the compromise line of 36° 30', in the language !
winch I read, as the creation of Mr. Clay;
" That oons[>iorm<e w a bond and a^eranee of p'\ve. i
1 V Uid ll'-rt lid\v- dlotUlited It. it Wit-. llUJloWcd 1.1 iJI\ Ci- I
timat:on by the men who had made It. It was lialJowed in
my appruiiou-ion by the beneficial consequences that re-
sulted from it. It was hailed at the time it was made by
the fc?outh. It produced good, and nothing but good, tium
that time. Often have you. sir, [addio&smg Mr. Toombs,]
and I, and all of the old Whig paity, triumphed in that act
as one of the ^reat achievements of our leader, Henry Clay.
It was from that, among olhei things, that he derived the
proudest of all his titles—that of the pacificator and peace-
maker of his country. We ascribed to him a great mstiu-
mentahty in the passage of that Jaw, and over and over
again have 1 claimed credit and honoi for him for this act.
Thi«s, for thirty years, had been my steadfast opinion. F
have been growing, perhaps, dining that tune, a little older,
and am a little less susceptiole of new mipicssions and
novel opinions. 1 cannot lay imdc the idea that the law
which made that line of division was a constitutional one.
I believed so then. Ail people believed it. I mu^t be per-
mitted to ro&iin that opinion still; to go on, at any rate, to
my end with the hope th:a I have not boon prawns. and
have not been claiming eiedit loi others for violating the
Constitution of their country."
Sir, this statement of Mr. Crittenden is of a
piece with all those misrepresentations or miscon-
ceptions of Mr. Clay which I encountered in the
Ashland district, and upon which I was so often
in the newspapers of the party charged with be-
ing an apostate son. Mr. Clay never was the
author of the miscalled Missouri compromise, the
line of 36o 30'. He expressly repudiated its au-
thorship. He regarded it as a measure only of
temporary relief, and as wholly inadequate, in
1850, to form the basis of the compromise of that
day. Yet many good men of the North who
were his friends, upon the mistaken idea that lie
was its author, arrayed themselves, after the fall
of the Whig party, m opposition to the Demo-
cratic party, which had abrogated that hue of 30°
30' by the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
Hear, sir, what Mr. Clay hinuelf said m refer-
ence to that matter, m 1850, in one of the last,
and perhaps the greatest speech of his life:
" , while I was eng.iged in aimoie coiu-'idmation upon
tins subieet, the idea ol the i < ompi<Mi'-e, as it lias
been teuned. came nndet mv ievi"W, \va> eon.^-idei ed hy me
and finally lejcoied, as m my judgment less woithy of the
common acceptance of botli pailienor tln^ Union than the
piojeet which I oiler to your consideration.
'•Mr. President, before I enteinUoji pai ocular examina-
tion, howcvoi,of th.it Mi^.somi compromise, I beg to be al-
lowed to eoirect a great error, not meicly in the Senate, but
throughout the whole country, in icspect to my agency in
regnid to the Missouri compiominc. or rathm the line of
363 30', established hv the agency of Confess. I do not
know whether anything has excited more suiprr-e in my
unnd as to theiapidity with winch importanthuaouc.il ti ans-
aetions <ue obliteiated and pass out ol memoiv, than has
the knowledge of the fact that 1 waseveiy wheiecon uleicd
the author ot the lim: of oG" W, winch wds e^abh-Mied upon
the oca-ion <>1 the admiroion of Misnoui i into the Ui.trm
"It won hi take up too much tune to go o\ ei the whole of
th.it nnponant eia in the public aliens of tins countiy. 1
shall no! attempt it; although i haveample materials h'cioie
me. derived fto'n a caret ul and p*n tienlai examination of i lie
Journal.-, ot boll) IIoum^. I will not occupy > our time by
going into any detailed account oi the whole tian^action ;
but I w ill ton tent mv .-elf with Mating that, so far fiom my
hnvnig p'Csonted .is ,i proportion I he line of W* 30', upon
the occasion ol con-adeimg wllether Missouii ought to be
admitted into the Union or not, it did notoiigmate in the
JIou-jo of which 1 was a member. J toi eiinatod m tins body.
Those wiio will ca->f then recollection hack—and I am->iuc
the honoi able Senator hom Missouri, [Mi. I3knton,] more
con eel]), pet haps, than anybody <;lsr—must hung to lecol-
leeuou the tact, that at the lii -,t Congress, when th" piop-
osition was made to admit Mrsouri—or la?her to permit her
to hold a convention and term a constitution, a< ptehnunaiy
to deciding whetliei ^he should be admitted into Un<-' Union,
the bill failed hy a di^ajri cement between the two IIou-p-.;
tiie House of Representative ^ m-i-tnig upon, and the Senate
dissenting ftoni, the piovi-ion contained m the oidin.incc of
17R7; the U<>u->e insi-mng upon the nuenhetion of shivciy,
and the Senate rejecting the proportion for the mtodietion
of slavery. The bill (ailed, it did not pass tnat session of
Congiess.
" At the next session it was renewed ; and, at the time of
its renewal, Maine was knocking at our door, also, to be
admitted into the Union, fn the Ilou^etheic was a matur-
ity tor a re>.ttiction ol toe adiuixron of -d.iveiy ; m the Sen-
ate a majority was opposed to any such lestuchon. In the
Senate, therefore, in ordei to cairy Mis^ouii thiougli, a bill
oi provision lot her admi—ton, or mlhoi authouzmg her so
deteimine the question of her admission, was coupled with
the bill for the udmk'ron of Maine. They were connected
togethei, and the Senate -aid to the House,' you want (he
htil foi the admission of Maine pitted ; you shall not have
u, utiles you take alone with it the bill toi the admission of
Missouri al-o.' Th no wn-< a majoi try— not a vei v huge one,
nut a vi ly i'ur;i and deeei -d ma;o"ty—m the Senate, for
coupling them together. Weil, rhe hiil went through ail the
tr-ual sMages of dt agi ( onen*. and of committees of confei -
cncu; toi there weio two committees of eoiuerence upon
the oeca-son bef, se the matter wa-t limlly decided ft was
liiially settled to disconnect the two biJ1 a ; to admit Maine
s-cpaiately, without any connection with Mi-sonn, and to
lu-oit in the Mi^soun lull a tlausc—wliu h vs a-- m.-eitf d m
the Senate of the IV'tvd Si.ite<— i clan-e w!i e]i vr;i- pio-
po^ed by Mi. T';om,i-. of Ill-no'-, in uie S 'nate, ie-tiict-
imrtlie admi--.o i ot --iaverv noiih o> .ly «u>', and leaving
the i{(t.'?tion opcji south of«%' JO', eilli^i to o.din/1 oi not to
admit slavery. The bill was finally passed. The commit-
tees of conference of the two Houses recommended the de-
tachment of the two bills, and the passage of the Missouri
bill with the clause of 3(5° 30'm it. So it passed. So it
went to Missouu. So, for a moment, it quieted the country.
Hut the clause of H6° 30', I repeat, you will find, sir, if you
will take the tiouble to look into the Journals, was, upon
three or four different occasions, offered. Mi. Thomas,
acting m every instance, presented the proposition of 36°
30'; and it was finally agreed to. IJut I take occasion to say,
that among those who agreed to that line were a majority
of southern members. My friend from Alabama, m tiie
Senate, Mr. King, Mr. Pmckney, from Maryland, and a
majonry of the southern Senators m this body, voted in favor
ol the line of SG"5 30'; and a majority of tiie southern mem-
bers m the other House, at the head of whom was Mr. Law.
rencc himself, voted also for that line. I have no doubt that
I did also; but, as I was Speaker of the House, and as the
Journal does not show which way the Speaker votes, except
in ea&.os of a tie, 1 am not able to tell, with certainty, how
i actually did vote ; but I have no earthly doubt that I voted,
in common with my other southern friends, for the adoption
of the line of H6° 30'."
Mark this language, sir:
" The committee of conference ofi the two Houses recom-
mended the detachment of the two bills, and the passage of
tiie Missouri hi\l with the clause of 3o° 30'm it. So it
parsed. t?o it went to Mis&ouu. So,Jor a moment,it quieted
the country."
Sir, I cannot conceive how a gentleman of the
great reputation of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky can so soon havo forgotten an histori-
cal fact, can so completely have overlooked the
solemn protest of Mr. Clay, made at so recent and
so momentous a period as 1^50. Sir, ] have °:reat
respect for the distinguished Senator; 1 have the
kindest feelings towards him. So far as I am con-
cerned, requiescat in pace.
Mr. Chairman, whilst [ believe the question of
slavery is the tiue matter of difficulty, end only real
ground of opposition to the admission of Kansas,
at least on the part of Republicans and those Dem-
ocrats in opposition, I do not mean to discuss it.
Far too much has already been said. I have ic-
gretted and deplored the extreme speeches that
have been made on either side, calculated only to
widen the breach between the two sections of tho
country, and still further to endanger the exist-
ence of that Union, which in my opinion depends
now, only, upon the justice and patriotism of tiie
North. On this subject I array myself, sir, under
the banner of my old fuend from Oiegon, [Gen-
eral Lanf.,] and by the side of my young friend
from Connecticut, [Mr. Ihsitop.]
Sir, whilst I will not discuss this slavery ques-
tion, I will briefly notice some of the objections
made to the admission of Kansas. Whatever
may have been said m the earlier part of this dis-
cussion about enabling acts and the necessity of
submitting a constitution foimed by a convention,
foi the ratification of the people, no one now be-
lieves that eiiher the one or the other is a neces-
sary prerequisite to the admission of a new State.
It appears to me that the only proper inquiries
for Congress upon a new State applying for ad-
mission into the Union of States, are: Whether
it has sufficient population; whether its pro-
posed constitution be republican in form; and
whether its proposed constitution be the act and
will of the people proposing to be governed by
it, expressed m lawful mannei. So far as Con-
gress is concerned, these are the only requisites.
Applied to Kansas, the first two of them are ad-
mitted on all hands. No one has questioned that
she hns a sufficient population; and although gen-
tlemen have asserted that the clause restricting
amendments of the constitution after 18G4 is
anti-republican, no one can sl riously maintain it.
It may be wrong, but it is not anti-republican.
If it be, the Constitution of the United States
itself is anti-republican; because that instrument,
in its fifth article, provides "that no amendment
made prior to 1808 shall, m any manner, affect
the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section
of the first article;" a provision in principle just
as anti-repubhcan as the clause in the Kansas
constitution. Neither is so. Whether it were
wise in the people of Kansas to insert that clause
in their constitution, is not lor me to determine.
As a momber of Congress, 1 have nothing what-
ever to do with it. It is their business to settle
their organic law in their own way, provided it
lie lepublican. They have chosen to do so, and
it is my opinion that wc cannot interfere with it,
unL'SS we wish to ass'trae for Congress power
directly in conflict with the doctrine of "non-in-
tt.rveiition.1- j have, however, no objection to
