266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Clay.
Ho. of Reps.
the Senate bill, which, in this respect, neither
gives nor takes away any right of the people of
Kansas.
The only question, then, of all those made in
the first instance is, whether the constitution pre-
sented to us is the act and will of the people of
Kansas,lawfully expressed. The distinguished
Senator from Illinois, the master spirit of the Op-
position, without whom it could not have stood
for an hour, has admitted, over and over again,
that ihis was the only question of importance.
Upon this point, sir, what evidence shall we, as
members of Congress, receive? Prima facie, the
Lecompton constitution is the will of the people
of Kansas. There is nothing in the instrument
itself furnishing; the least proof to the contrary.
In its provisions, it is similar to most of the new
constitutions of the other States. The proof is
clear, and beyond all doubt, that the people of
the Territory proceeded, m the usual mode, to
call a convention; itS delegates were chosen by a
fair vote of the people, who chose to vote at all,
for the express purpose of flaming a constitution;
they proceeded regularly in the performance of
thou* duty, and did frame the constitution under
which, and which alone, Kansas now demands
admission as a State. So careful were they to do
nothing which the reasonable and fair men of the
Territory could object to, that they did what, in
my judgment, theio was no obligation upon them
to -do—submitted the only feature of the constitu-
tion liable to objection, to a vote of the people.
I am aware, sir, that now, searching about in
all directions to lind pi etexts to justify opposition,
gentlemen have lately attacked the Legislature
which summoned the convention; that it has* been
assorted that the convention itself represented but
partially the people of the Tenitory. These at-
tacks and assertions are not m my opinion sus-
tained before us by any competent testimony. On
the contrary, m the earlier part of the discussion
il was on all hands admitted—and I have since
heard distinguished gentlemen in the Opposition
regret the admission—that the Legislature was a
legal one, ami that the convention pioperly rep-
resented the people of (he Territory. Itwasonly
hi (he eleventh hour that anything was said about
fifteen or nineteen counties being unrepresented;
and in this Governor Walkerhas been unsustained
by his own friends. The only matter of evidence
strongly insisted upon, and appearing, indeed,
like proof that the constitution is not the will of
the people, is the vote oi the 4th of January last.
Hut, sir, m my judgment, that vote eannot'prop-
eily be considmed by us at all. 1 do not believe
that the Legislature called by Mr. Stanton, com-
petent as it may have been for other purposes,
had any power to submit to a vote, of the people
the constitution formed by the represented sover-
eignty of the people, which had not chosen in its
sovereign capacity to submit it. That a large por-
tion of the people of Kansas thought so them-
selves is evident from the fact that the vote was
all on one side. 'As against the constitution, if
it wore not their will, \ believe the people of Kan-
sas had a clear legal lcmedy. I believe it was m
their power to have furnished Congress with com-
petent testimony againyt it. I mean by petition.
They have not chosen to exeicise that right; and
f, for one, cannot regard n one-sided party vote,
dueoffd by incompetent authority, in the lightof
a petition, which is n clear legal light. Sir, i do
not, as a member of Congress, give any weight
whatsoever to individual or newspaper charges
against the Lecompton constitution. I believe
there has been fraud and violence—far too much
of fnuul and violence on all sides; but aside from
the question of policy, I do believe that the w< ight
of testimony before us is altogether in favor of
the proposed requirement that the " constitution
presented was at the time of its adoption the will
of the people of Kansas lawfully extnessed."
But, sir, when i come to the question of the
policy of admission, a question to which the prac-
tical statesman ought always to look, [. am fiee
from all doubts. The country is hearaly sick
and tired of the whole Kansas question. Even
the opponents of Lecompton m Kansas are sick ;
and tired of it—they want quiet,they want peace, '
they want oppoi tunity to develop the glorious :
coimt>y they inhabit, over most of which 1 have j
IjiV.mJI been, (.'tid which i know to be one of the ;
finest agricultural portions of America; where,
indeed, m the language of the poet,
" All save the spmt of man ks divine."
Tell me that they will be fools enough to proceed
to a fratricidal war amongst themselves, about the
miserable question of slavery, when they have, in
fact, no slaves amongst them, and when they know
they have the power to make Kansas a free State
when they will. I do not believe one word of it.
I have lived amongst and known frontier people
half the days of my manhood, and I know them
well enough to believe that if you admit Kansas
at once as a State, instead of bedewing the green
sod of the prairie with kindred blood, they will
drive out the bad and vicious men from amongst
thorn by the force of moral sentiment; and the
country, under the genial influence of the plow,
rather than the sword, will be made to bloom like
a garden. If We have doubts about mere techni-
cal abstract questions, in our desire to accomplish
this great good, let us not forget that we should
give the benefit of those doubts to the welfare of
the country; and that greater men than any of us
have, in other days of this Republic, compro-
mised, conceded—ay, even yielded, something
of principle, for the good of the country and the
safety of the Union.
These, sir, I believe to be the sentiments en-
tertained by the great mass of the people whom 1
have the honor to represent. They have hoaid,
as [ have heard, and as they and I have regretted
to hear, much said by extreme men about a dis-
solution oft he Union in any contingency. Against
1 such idea, sir, I wish, for them, to enter a solemn
protest. It may do well for gentlemen from the
, far South, with a barrier of States between them
j and (he North, to talk about dissolution, and a
, northern republic and a southern republic. Sir,
i Kentucky, in old times, was called the dark and
; bloody ground. Ilersons of this day do not mean
; that she shall ever more deserve the appellation.
' We are ready, and wo have in evciv battle-field
shown that we were willing, to shed our blood
for the honor and the glory of the whole eon nfry.
Painted above us upon the ceiling of this gorge-
ous chamber, is our coat-of-arms; and its legend
is, " United we stand, divided wc fall." So may
it he to the end of time.
Mr. HOUSTON. If no one else wants the
I will move ilmt the comuuttec rise.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the genilenitiii from Ala-
ahtiina will yield tome for aminute or two I desire
just line, «t the conclusion of the speech of the
i;iill'email liotn Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] to read
an exuact fiom a speech delivered in the Hall of
tin1 House ot'lto|iri'seiitativcs, in favor of reliev-
ing Kentucky from shivery. In speaking of those
who complained of the movement, the distin-
guished orator said:
What would they who thus repionch u^have don" ? If
they would I'-pie-s all Trndi'iu ics tmvanh ilheiry and U>U-
ni.U'' c>oa,H ijirilion, thev mil t do moie than put down tins
benevolent dibits oj tin-- ^.onery. They niu^t i*o buck to
the eiaof cmrhhoity and independence, and niu/^le tin;
'Milium whicli thmidoM its annual joyoit• ictiun. Thev
■ inust revive the «Iave tiade, with all us'u.uti of afiocitics.55
* * *" * uTh'ey imw nlovv out the moral lights
amund us. and extinguish That L'reatest totch oi all which
America pte^enis to a honudilfd woild, pointing the way
to their ngiiN, then liberties, and their happiness. And
when they have achieved aii the e puipo.^e^, their vvoik
will 1)0 yot incomplete. Thev mu-t penetiafe ihe human
soul, and eiadieafe the hirht oi' ie;wm and the love ofhb-
oitv. Then, and no! nil then, when universal dat kne.sri and
despair pie\ ail, ean \oi: netp"tnat ' Mavei\\and repie^all
sympathies, and :d! humane and benevolent etl'orts among
fieemen, in behalfoi tin, unhappy poiuon of our race who
aie doomed to hondneo.
~<>ur friends who are cur.-cd with tin^ r M!e>l ofhuman
eviN. doseive the kinde-tattfiinon and eon-uh i.iteia. Their 1
propeity and then safety are both involved. r m the hh
, eial and eandid amontj them will not, eannni, e\-pect that
eveiy pioject to deliver om eouniiyhoei it i-> to he ciu^hed
because ol a po^ible and ideal dan^ei." j
The gentleman from Kentucky censures the
course whieh northern members- have &«*en fit to
take m opposition to the extension of slavery into
territory now free—into territory north of :*GO
30'. The extract I have just read was the senti- ,
ments uttered m the Hall of the House of Uep- i
resentatives by the illustrious predecessor of that ;
gentleman who represents the Ashland district of j
Kentucky. I read the speech when a boy. The 1
distinguished man who made it taught me the '
vt-iy jirst lesion 1 ever learned upon this subject '
oi' Jav i) \
wa.j Clay
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, if I may be allowed
permission, I would reply, for a moment or two,
to the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, i
did not come into this House to-day, sir, for the
purpose of bringing here the speeches of the gen-
j tleman from whom I am proud to have descended.
| The sole purpose with which I alluded to his name
I was to correct a misstatement, or misrop>-esem?>-
| tion, or misconstruction, whichever it may have
[ been, of the honorable Senator from my own
J State, in reference to the so-called Missouri eom-
] promise line of SG° 30'. The position,"sir, of Mr.
i Clay upon the question of negro slavery is well
j known, and I have no doubt that the gentleman
I from Ohio has correctly quoted his language. Bo t
I will tell you what you will find in the speech
; delivered by him upon the compromise measures
of 1650. You will find that in place of that lino
of 3(j° 30', which he himself believed was no
longer operative for the purpose for which it was
designed, he gave us another compromise, and
j that was the very doctrine of non-intervention by
j Co'ngtvss upon the subject of slavery. He, sir,
in his speech in 1850, said also, as I am willing
; to admit, that, by his own act, he never would
place slavery where slavery was not; but at the
same time, and in the same*speech, he said that
if a new State weio to present herself at the door
of Congress, asking admission into the Union of
1 States, he, for one, would never oppose her admis-
■ sion because she had chosen to have slavery in
1 her constitution, for in that case slavery would
be there by the will of the people themselves, and
. Congress would be absolved from all agency in
j placing it theie. He believed that the people of
j this country were capable of self-government, and
I was willing that they should decide the question
j for themselves; and when they presented tliem-
| selves to Congress asking admission with slavery*
| he would vote to admit them into the Union. That
, was the position then held. That is the position
! 1 um proud to hold, and that is the position in
j- winch 1 am proud to follow him. Sir, talk about
' the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and the doctrine of
| non-intervention contained in it, as though it were
| there to be found for the first lime ! You lind it
| for the first time in 1850, a substitute, a better
j thing—that doctrine of non-intervention—than
j your hue of 36° 30'; a better thing than any com-
j promise ever made upon the subject of slavery;
at least, so thought the author of the compromise
of 1850, and I follow him. I speak by the record
when 1 assert that these were his sentiments.
" Mr. CAMPBELL. I had no disposition, when
■ I rose, to enter into any discussion upon this sub-
| ject. My opinions in regard to slavery are pretty
] well understood. 1 did not think the gentleman
! from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] would becomeexcited
j over the fact that I dated to quote from the speech
; of a man to whom I became attached in my early
lj boyhood, and whose banner I followed m politi-
cal struggles as long as he lived.
|j Mr. CLAY. If the gentleman will allow me, I
will say if he thought I was excited by his re-
;: ferring to Mr. Clay as he did, then he must attrib-
p ute it to perhaps an unfortunate manner of mine,
,: and not in the least degree to any excitement which
ij 1 felt.
;! Mr. CAMPBELL. T defend the principles of
that departed statesman; I adopted his position
^ that slavery ought not to be extended into free ter-
i. ritoiy; and it was upon that puncipJe that I op-
posed, through many days and many nights, the
; repeal of the Missouri compromise—a measure
I whirh, if Henry Clay did not vote for, he sup-
, ported throughout the subsequent portion of his '
i life, as one bringing peace and harmony to our
1 then distracted country which h* loved.
,, In the same speech from which I have read,
ii delivered by him in 1857, he uses this language.
: I incite from raemoiy:
••Coulcl I relieve of this foul blot [elavervj the revered
, ^tato w inch gave me hmh, and lite no less, "beloved State
, w 'noli adopted me a-> bei ton. 1 would not c,\chan<je the sat-
1 i-iiclioni -hou!denjo\ f:om-uch a triumph, for the prouri-
i' e-t lame! - evei worn l.y Roman eonqueroi "
\\ It would seem not only that Henry Clay was
j' opposed to the extension of slavery into free terri-
!j tory, but that he was desirous of removing the blot
entirely fiom Virginia, where he was born, and
from Kentucky, that had so highly honored him.
_Tho genticman has referred to the measures of
ItjuU, and to the position which Mr. Clay took
