1S04
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
are slaves, andtheir labor is considered inferior;
but the moment you free the slave,, you raise the
dignity of his labor, and bring down that of the
white man, and they are put on a level; and that
is the reason why the two races cannot work
together. That is a well-known fact in other
States, and everywhere.
But suppose the gentleman's doctrine were to
obtain: he would bring his State into a debt of
some sixty million dollars, the interest of which
we could not pay. And then his policy is to free
the slaves. He says they must not be educated,
that they must not be held in bondage. I ask that
gentleman, where are they to go ? Are they to be
turned loose in our community—a degraded, unj
lettered, and uneducated population? vVhen you
do that, you destroy both races, because they
cannot live together. I suppose, however, from
the speech made by the gentleman on another
occasion, that he is looking to Central America,
and expects to transport them there.
I now proceed to make a few remarks in rela-
tion to the Kansas question. In this question the
State which I, in part, represent is deeply inter-
ested. Here is the naked question, as admitted on
all hands, of a State claiming admission into the
Union. The constitution of Kansas tolerates sla-
very. For that reason it is objected to by the more
ultra of our Republican friends. They acknowl-
edge that is their objection, and their main ob-
jection. Other arguments, however, are used, and
other objections are seriously entertained and
honestly, I have no doubt, by gentlemen upon
this floor. They are objections and doctnnes
which have been discussed over and over again,
so much so that I may seem to be imposing upon
the patience of the House to discuss them further.
But, sir, these are questions which will bear ar-
gument and which affect the permanency of our
institutions for all coming time, and for that rea-
son they cannot be too well understood and too
elaborately argued before the American people.
Mr. Chairman, the objections to the admission
of Kansas seem to me, principally, twofold. In
the first place, it is denied upon the one hand by
the Abolitionists upon this floor, by the Repub-
lican party in mass, that Kansas ought not to be
admitted; and the main reason for it is, that its
constitution acknowledges slavery. These men
also oppose the admission of any other slave
State. These gentlemen deserve credit for their
candor, and more credit than others who object
to the admission of Kansas, but do not give their
true reasons for that objection.
It is said that this constitution has no verity,
because the Legislature which provided for the
convention had no authority in law; that it was
not a legal Legislature. Now, sir, in regard to
its being a legal Legislature, what authority have
we in regard to its legality onion-legality ? Where
ought we to go in a government of written law,
or in a government which has legal functionaries
clothed with the authority of the people under the
constitution, to ascertain the legality ofany meas-
ure? We must go to the law of the land; we must
go to the organs of the people to look into the
authority with which they are clothed, and the
extent of that authority. Then, sir, was this
Legislature an illegal Legislature ? Has not the
Executive of the United States acknowledged its
legality? Has not the Executive of the Territory
acknowledged it? Have not the people acknowl-
edged it? Have they notacknowledged thatit was
a legal Legislature, entitled to be respected by the
people? and are not those who do not submit to
be governed by the laws of that Legislatu re rebels
against their country, and call for the exertion of
the strength of the Government to force them to
submission? This acknowledgment has been the
avowed policy of the Government. It has been I
the avowed declaration of Walker, Stanton, and i
the President. It has been the doctrine of all good !
citizens in Kansas, as well as out of it. Secretary
Stanton, in his inaugural address to the people
of that Territory, used the following language:
" The Government especially recognizes the territorial act
which provides for assembling a convention to form a cuu-
stitution with a view to making application to Congress for
admission as a State into the Union. That act is regarded
as presenting the only test of the qualification of voters for
delegates to the convention, and all preceding repugnant
restriction* aiu thereby repealed, in this light the act must
l>e allowed to have provided for a full and fair expression
of the will of the people through the delegates who may be
chosen to represent them in the constitutional convention.
I do not doubt, however, that, in order to avoid all pretext
for resistance to the peaceful operation of this law, the con-
vention itself will, in some form, provide for submitting the
great distracting question regarding their social institution,
which iias so long-agitated the people of Kansas, to a fair
vote of all the actual bona fide residents of the Territory,
with every possible security against fraud and violence. If
the constitution be thus framed, and the question of differ-
ence thus submitted to the decision of the people, I believe
that Kansas will be admitted by Congress without delay, as
one of the sovereign States of the Ameri«an Union, and
the territorial authorities will be immediately withdrawn."
Governor Walker, in his inaugural, also uses
the following language:
" Under our practice, the preliminary act of framing a
State constitution is uniformly performed through the instru-
mentality of a convention of delegates chosen by the peo-
ple themselves. That convention is now about to be elected
by you under the call of the Territorial Legislature, created
and still recognized by the authority of Congress, and
clothed by it, in the comprehensive language of tile organic
law, with full power to make such an enactment. The
Territorial Legislature, then, in assembling this convention,
were fully sustained by the act of Congress, and the author-
ity of the convention is distinctly recognized in my instruc-
tions from the President of the United States. Those who
oppose this course cannot aver the alleged irregularity of the
Territorial Legislature, whose laws in town and city elec-
tions, in corporate franchises, and on all other subjects but
slavery, they acknowledge by theirvotes and acquiescence.
If that Legislature was invalid, then are we without law or
order in Kansas ; without town, city, or county organiza-
tion; all legal and judicial transactions arc void ; all titles
null, and anarchy reigns throughout our borders.
"The people of Kansas, then, arc invited by the highest
authority known to the Constitution to participate freely and
fairly in the election of delegates to frame a constitution
and State government. The law has performed its entire
appropriate function when it extends tu the people the light
ot suffrage, but it cannot compel the performance of that
duty. Throughout our whole Union, however, and where
ever free government prevails, those who abstain from the
exercise of the rightof suffrage authoiize those who do vote
to act for them in that contingency, and the absentees are
as much bound under the law and constitution, where there
is no fraud or violence, by the act of the majonty of those
who do vote, as if all had participated in the election.
Otherwise, as voting must he voluntary, self-government
would be impracticable,and monarchy or despotism would
remain ns the only alternative.
" IJllt it is said that the convention is not legally culled,
and that the election will not be freely and fairly conductcd.
The Territonal Legislature is Hie power old.lined for this
purpose bytheCongiessoftho United States ; and in oppo-
sing it. you lesist the authoiity of the Federal Government.
That Legisiauue was called into being by tile Congress of
18.V1, and is recognized in the vcr v latest congressional le-
gislation.
" It is recognized by the present Chief Magistrate of the
Union just chosen by the Ameiican people, and many of its
acts aie now m opeiation licre by universal assent. As the
Governor of the Terutory of Kansas, 1 must support the
laws and the Constitution ; and I have no otheralternative
under my oath but, to see that all constitutional laws are
fully and fairly executed.
" I sec m this act calling the convention 110 improper or
unconstitutional restiictions upon the light of suffrage. I
sr-c 111 it no test oath or oilier Miuilai provisions objected to
in iclatiou to previous lavs, but cleaily lepcalcd as repug-
nant to the provisions of this act, so far as icgards the elec-
tion ol delegates to tins convention. It is said that a fair
and hill vote will not be taken. Who can saf-iy predict
such a result,:11
Welt, sir, this is an after-thought, tluit it was
not a legal Legislature. The convention being
elected according to the enactment of that Legis-
lature, they assembled as any other convention.
But gentlemen speak of counties being disfran-
chised. When did we hear of that? We never
heard of it from Stanton or from Walker, but on
the contrary, up to the very time of the meeting
of that convention, those two functionaries were
urging the people to vote, saying that it was a
legal body, a legal statute, acknowledged by the
Executive of the United States, by every depart-
ment of the Government; but when they turned
against the Administration, when they threw
themselves into the arms of those who are endeav-
oring to crush out slavery, as does my colleague;
when they concluded to give them their aid and j
strength in that quarter, then for the first time we |
hear of these proclamations, that counties were 'j
disfranchised, and frauds practiced 111 this elec-
tion. I say that that declaration, made under
such circumstances, is entitled to no weight and
ought not to be heeded.
The ner^t objection is, that the constitution
framed by this convention was not an embodi-
ment of the will of the people. I ask gentlemen,
how are we to ascertain the will of the people ?
We ascertain it according to the laws of the land.
We have laws providing for the expression of
the popular will, and when these laws are com-
plied with, we presume that the results indicate
fairly the popular will. But when we travel out
of these legal channels to ascertain the popular
will, wc are at sea. We resolve ourselves into a
mob. Whenever that policy obtains, the Gov-
ernment cannot survive a day. The members of
the convention were elected by the sovereign peo-
pleofKansas. Did Missourians elect them? Gov-
ernor Walker says not. He says that Missouri
cannot justly be charged with interfering in that
election. This, then, was a fair election, so far
as was known—at least on the pro-slavery side of
the question. The delegates to that convention
are therefore to be presumed to have embodied the
will of the people just as much as we are pre-
sumed to embody the will of our constituents.
Gentlemen from New York, and from every other
State, are to be presumed, prima facie, to represent
fairly the will of their constituents; and no one
has a right to step between these members and
their constituents. Such an act would be at war
with the representative principles of our Govern-
ment.
Mr. STANTON. Does the gentleman admit
that the Delegate from Kansas represents the will
of the people ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
asks me if I would recognize the right of the Del-
egate from Kansas to represent the will of the peo-
ple of that Territory ? I do; and it would be a very
curious thing if I, a Representative in Congress,
did not. But I do not know what that has to do
with the question.
Now, I was proceeding to show that the dele-
gates to that convention embodied, presumptively,
the will of the people, and are therefore to be pre-
sumed to have acted honestly and fairly. No one
has a right to question their action in that regard.
It is a matter between the delegates and their con-
stituents. If the delegates misrepresented their
constituents, let them settle that between them-
selves—we have nothing to do with it; and when-
ever we undertake to control the matter and ascer-
tain by other means the popular will, we bring
about the scenes that wc have had on this floor—
scenes of crimination and recrimination—and we
strike down the strongest pillar of our Govern-
ment.
But, sir, it is said that some counties were dis-
franchised, and were not represented in the con-
vention at all. Walker and Stanton say so now;
and yet if it is true, they were the cause of it.
Stanton made the apportionment himself, disfran-
chising these counties, if they were disfranchised;
but yet he and Walker, when the constitution did
not precisely meet their views, turned round and
proved recreant to their duty. They then found
out, for the first time, that the delegates did not
represent the will of the people, and that they had
no power to represent those counties to which no
representation was given.
I make these remarks, Mr. Chairman, in order
to relieve that part of the subject of the charge of
non-representation in the convention. The charge
is untrue.
Again, sir, it is said that the constitution should
have been submitted to the people, and that 110
constitution ought to be enforced unless first sub-
mitted to the people. Will gentlemen recollect
how many constitutions of States have never been
submitted to the people? The original constitu-
tions of fourteen States were not submitted to the
people. Let me enumerate them. The constitu-
tions, now in force, of the following-named States,
were not submitted for ratification to the people,
but adopted in convention:
Vermont adopted her constitution July 4, 1793,
in convention at Windsor. (Compiled Statutes
of Vermont, page 15.)
_ Connecticut, by convention, in 1818. (See Com-
pilation of Statutes of Connecticut, 1854, pages
29 and 45.) - ■> a
Delaware, by convention, in 1831. (See Acts
of 1831, page 49; and Revised Code, page 48 )
Pennsylvania, by convention, in 1838, with a
provision for future amendments to be ratified by
the people. (See Purdon's Digest, page 17, sec-
tion 10.)
North Carolina adopted her present constitu-
tion in 177G, by convention; amendments in 1835.
South Carolina, in 1790, by convention.
Georgia, by convention, on the 23d of May,
1798.
Alabama, in 1819, by convention, under en-
abling act. (See Code of Alabama, page 26, sec-
tion 5, page 28.)
Mississippi, by convention, in 1817; and re-
vised in like manner in 1852.
Tennessee, by convention, in 1836.
