1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■219
ad mire his spunk in standing upand saying plump
out what he thought on the Kansas question.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is a very interesting
and important subject. I am anxious to under-
stand it. I desire to have before me all the in-
formation that is necessary in order to understand
it. I desire to have the vote taken at once upon
the motion to print, with that view. I shall not
make any remarks now, because I am not in pos-
session of all the facts; but when the subject prop-
erly comes before the Senate for discussion,! shall
give my views upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I trust the
Senate will dispose now of the question of printing
this message and the accompanying documents.
With that view I ask that the motion for printing
them be referred to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The motion to print goes to the Com-
mittee on Printing, under the rules.
Mr. MASON. I do not understand that a mo-
tion to print the usual number of documents goes
to the Committee on Printing as of course. I
believe that that reference is required only when
there is a motion to print extra numbers.
Mr. SEWARD. There can be no harm in the
reference •
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The rule pro-
vides for a Committee on Printing, "to whom
shall be referred every question on the printing
of documents, reports, or other matter transmit-
ted by either of the Executive Departments, and
all memorials, petitions, and accompanying docu-
ments, together with all other matter, the printing
of which shall be moved, excepting"—now I
call the attention of the Senate to the exceptions,
for they do not embrace this case—"excepting
bills originating in Congress; resolutions offered
by any Senator; communications from the Legis-
latures, or conventions lawfully called, of the re-
spective States; and motions to print by order of
the standing committees of the Senate." In all
other cases a motion to print must go to the Com-
mittee on Printing. If there be no objection, I
presume the reference may be dispensed with; but
if it be referred I am authorized to report at once
in favor of the printing, as we are not required by
the rule to submit any estimates of the cost of
printing the usual number, where that only is
proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
decided that the motion to print goes of course to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I am au-
thorized by the Committee on Printing to report
in favor of printing this message and the accom-
panying documents.
The report was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the reference of the message and docu-
ments to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not wish to detain the
Senate at this late hour of the day on this sub-
ject; and I would not, if it were not that I per-
ceive there is ademonstration on the part of many
Senators who feel a deep interest on the subject,
as it is natural they should, to express their views,
and make their positions known before the coun-
try. This being so, I will occupy the attention
of the Senate for a very few moments in express-
ing mine.
This is a case in which a naval officer, acting
under the command of the Government, has, on
foreign waters, arrested a body of late, or present,
American citizens,after they had actually landed
and began to levy war against a foreign State. It
is complained that that act was illegal; and it ap-
pears very plainly that we have no laws which
authorize a naval officer in command in such a
case to airest fugitives, whatever might be their
designs, after they have reached the coast and
commenced their operations. Such an act can
only be authoiized by some law of this national
Congress. I suppose there is no doubt about that.
The President has stated the facts m his mes-
sage to be just exactly as we understand them.
He announces that this officer has arrested this
body of American citizens, and that the place of ]
arrest was without the jurisdiction of the United j
States, and of course the transaction was without
the authority of a law of the United States. He
admits that; but the President proceeds to an-
other question, and that is, whether the officer
ought to be punished, by censure or otherwise,
for committing the act; and upon that the Presi-
dent makes a case in palliation and excuse for the
officer, and that is, that the party who were ar-
rested had been indicted in the United States for
organizing a band of men with the intention of
proceeding to levy war against the State of Nic-
aragua, with which we were at peace; that, in the
very act of committing this crime, or this misde-
meanor, they have escaped from the vigilance of
the police and got upon the high seas; that the
naval officer who is to be censured is one whose
duty and whose business it was to arrest that
band upon the high seas before they landed; fail-
ing to do this, the naval officer arrested them in
the very act of the war which they had meditated,
and arrested them on land in sight of the sea, and
sent them back as prisoners of war to the United
States.
Here, then, are two parties who are delinquent.
In the first place, there is this band of lawless men
who had escaped from the vigilance of the police,
and had gone abroad to levy war against a State
with which we were in amity, 111 violation of the
laws of the United States, and who had reached
a place where they were without our jurisdiction,
but wei*e engaged in the very act; and here, 011
the other hand, is the officer who, through excess
of vigilance, has surpassed his instructions, and
has himself committed a violation of the laws of
the United States in arresting the invadingparty.
It seems to me that the President has balanced
this case with exact justice. He has censured
the fugitives, or criminals; lie designates them as a
force that had gone, as marauders and as pnates,
to levy war against a peaceful State. He has, at
the same time, admitted that the officer who ar-
rested them has violated the laws, and has pro-
nounced his censure in such a marked and dis-
tinct manner that it is not to be inferred by any
one that the President would sanction or approve
such transactions, even although they mignt be
harmless or beneficial, hereafter.
What more can Senators ask than this in rela-
tion to cither side? Suppose that they should
succeed in obtaining a censure and punishment
more or less severe against this officer: how would
that look ? The whole police force of the United
States, civil, military, and naval, were instructed
to prevent this outrage against Nicaragua. The
officer has prevented it, but in doing so has trans-
gressed his instructions. The President admits
just this. If he goes further, and punishes the
officer, then what is he to do with the offenders
that have been arrested ? The offenders have been
arrested, and have been brought back to be sub- :
mittcd to justice; but the Presidentof the United
States lias altogether omitted, has neglected to do
anything to bring General Walker and his men to
trial for the offense for which they stand indicted;
on the contrary, lie has declared that they are free
to go where they please; and he is even now, by
this martial chieftain, defied to his teeth m letters
which he publishes in the capital, announcing to
the President that no matter who may interfere,
or what may be the form ofinterposition, whether
it be legal or illegal, whether it be at home or
abroad, armed or unarmed, he is determined to
renew prosecution of his unlawful design, and
continue it to a successful end.
Now 1 am quite willing, if the honorable Sen-
ators shall insist upon it, to have a more_ severe
censure bestowed upon Commodore Paulding, for
the violation of the laws which he has committed;
but I must ask them, in return, to measure out
some punishment for these offenders whose greater
crime is to go unpunished. Suppose the Piesidcnt
of the United States should punish Commodore
Paulding, leaving these offenders to go unpun-
ished: what is the instruction we shall thus give
to the country and mankind ? "You may go out
of the jurisdiction of the United States, and levy
war against any nation with which we are at peace,
provided you can only escape the vigilance of the
police on land; and if you shall be arrested m the
execution of the act itself by our power, after you
have commenced the very act, although the State
itself which is assailed shall be grateful for the
protection and defense it has received from us,
still, the officer who arrested you shall be punished,
while you, who commit this crime against our ;
laws, shall be rewarded and honored." # j
It seems to me that Senators on the other side ;
ought to go further, and propose a feast to these j
recaptured fugitives; propose some reward; pro-1
pose to restore General Walker to the position
and place he held when arrested. Let them bring.
out their proposition in full. Lotus see what it is.
It is not enough to punish Commodore Paulding.
If the crime which he has committed is so signal
a one, then there must be merit on the part of
those whom he has brought back here without
the authority of law; and that merit ought to be
recognized. Some of the Senators seem to recog-
nize some merit in them. They say there is no
law against their act; that they have violated no
law. They put General Walker and his band oil
the footing of emigrants going to occupy peace-
fully, and cultivate a foreign soil.
The process of emigration and settlement, Mr.
President, has been well settled on this continent
for two hundred years. The only emigration
that has ever been made from any part of the
world to this, which has resulted in adding to the
blessings of civilization without being attended
by disasters which rendered it a curse instead of
a blessing to the continent, has been the emi-
gration of the agriculturist, the merchant, and
the mechanic—the peaceful emigration of peace-
ful industry with the implements of industry.
Disguise the matter as we may, while we are
engaged, as the President says, in making rail-
roads across the isthmus, while we are engaged
in constructing works there which will invite
peaceful emigration and produce a rapid settle-
ment and a new civilization in Central America
if we ourselves shall only preserve the peace there,
and which will soon bring that country under the
jurisdiction of the United States, here is a series
of invasions which have been made by armed
emigrants for a period now of some seven or eight
or tun years, and there is not remaining, I think,
in Nicaragua, across the whole extent of the isth-
mus, a single plantation, a single farm, a single
workshop, a single press, a single church, a single
school-house—in short, a single monument of any
kind of American civilization. How different
from the civilization of other parts of the coun-
try ! On the other hand, the isthmus is blackened
with the ashes and the ruins of cities founded by
a race which we despise and which we propose
to supersede—ruins made by our own marauding
citizens.
If it is right to invade Nicaragua, which is a
weak State, it is right to invade New Granada.
How shall we appear before the world, on the one
side, in bringing New Granada only one year ago
down into the very dust to indemnify us for an
assault made by alawless mob against American
citizens passing over that isthmus, and on the
other, excusing or justifying the invasion of Nic-
aragua committed by this armed force? If it is
right to invade New Granada, it is right to invade
Brazil. There is hardly a nation or State south
of the United States that is self-sustaining, much
less one that can resist a serious invasion by the
people of the United States, or by such emigrants
as might arm themselves and go abroad for that
purpose.
If it is right for us to invade these States, or
suffer our citizens to do so, then it is right for the
States which join us to invade us also. I can see
no good reason why we should punish the Paw-
nees and Apaches for committing depredations
on our outposts of civilization, and claim that our
citizens may go abroad with impunity, and com-
mit offenses of the same kind against civilized
States. If it is right for us to justify or excuse
these transactions, it is equally right for citizens
of New York, and Ohio, and Michigan, that live
on the northern frontier, to go across in armed
bands to settle in Canada, first dispossessing the
occupants of that country of their farms and their
homes, by the sword and by fire, before they
begin to apply the plow to the land. If we^hold
this to be right, then, if such war shall begin on
their part, we shall have no cause of complaint
against Great Britain when her subjects come
across the St. Lawrence and the lakes, and invade
and expel our peaceful inhabitants there.
And yet, sir, so different is this rule which is
now sought to be established m regard to these
southern countries from the principle obtained in
regard to the northern waters, that, by unanimous
consent of the American people, when one solitary
Canadian was found on the frontier of New York *
who had, at a period of some six months or a
year before, been engaged m an act of depreda-
tion upon the frontier, and had committed tres-
