1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Harlan.
Ho. of Reps.
then. What was it? He was at the head of a
committee of thirteen, appointed by the Senate,
and he made an able report in regard to the terri-
tories acquired from Mexico. In it he addressed
himself to the North to this effect: there is no ne-
cessity for applying a Wilmot proviso to this ter-
ritory, because slavery can never go there; it was
excluded by the law of Mexico; California has
already adopted a constitution rejecting slavery;
in all human probability Utah and New Mexico
will do the same.
And following out the suggestion of that report,
you may remember that Daniel Webster, in his
speech of the 7th of March, so highly lauded
throughout the South, said to the Senate, in sub-
stance: you ought not to ask the Wilmotproviso,
because it is but a human statute applied to a
territory over which nature's God has decreed
through his laws of climate and soil, that slavery
never can go; and why reenact His statutes?
By the compromise measures of 1850, it must
be borne in mind, there was no provision for squat-
ter sovereignty. They provided that the people
of the Territories of Utah and New Mexico may,
when they acquired sufficient population, decide
the question of tslaveiy for themselves, and not
before they were prepared to form a State consti-
tution. It was notcontended by Mr. Clay, Mr.
Webster, or by any other leading member of
either branch of Congress, of any party, that
while they remained in a territorial condition,
slavery could enter the Territories of the United
States.
Mr. Chairman, I have said all I desire to say
at this time.
Mr. CLAY. I regret, and I feel it proper to
expiess my regiet, that the name of my father has
been brought so frequently into this discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have referred to it with
the most profound respect, and in vindication of
my own position as a Representative.
Mr. CLAY. I know it; and I thank the gen-
tleman from Ohio, and 1 thank all others who were
his friends, for having been so. My heart has
always been full of gratitude to them.
My sole reason, as I stated in the first instance,
in mentioning his name at all, was because it had
been mentioned in the Senate Chamber by a gen-
tleman of great distinction, and great influence
over this land, and who has been looked upon as
his great friend; but. who had, unintentionally
perhaps, misrepresented him. I had no purpose
of going into the question of squatter sovereignty
and other questions, which my honorable friend
from Ohio has brought up, to show, or to attempt
to show, the opinions of Mr. Clay, upon any of
those subjects. It was for a single and sole ob-
ject that 1 mentioned his name at all.
Always, however, it has been my fate, since
first I raised my head above the political waters,
and stood out a freeman before the country, to be
sought to be crushed m his name. Those at-
tempts have failed, thank God, in my own coun-
try, and I hope always everywhere to be able to
sustain the positions I have taken by his record.
1 have not spoken upon any of those subjects of
squatter sovereignty, &c., to which the gentleman
has alluded; and I shall no longer continue a dis-
cussion upon what were or were not the opinions
of Mr. Clay, which I do not think relevant to this
debate on Kansas 
Mr. CAMPBELL. T have no disposition to
put the gentleman from Kentucky down.
Mr. f'LAY. I know it; I know it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I merely wished to show
that I preferred to follow the course of his father,
rather than to follow his; that is all.
Mr. CLAY. Very well; very well. We shall
see; we shall see.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF I-IONTAARON HARLAN,
OP OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
March 30, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. HARLAN said:
Mr. Chairmav: History teaches,and experience
verifitB the tiuth, thai when a great fraud or wiong
is about to be committed by the Government of
a country against the peace and repose of society,
nothing is moie common than for the party en-
gaged in the wrong to seek to accomplish it under
the name and with the pretext of restoring some
lost right or liberty of the people. Weak and cor-
rupt administrations frequently resort to these
false pretenses for the purpose of perpetuating
their power. When, therefore, for the purpose of
expanding the institution of slavery, extending
its area, increasing and rendering permanent its
political power, by pulling down all obstructions
in its way, which must necessarily agitate society
and disturb the peace and harmony of the country,
it was to be expected that those who had resolved
upon this outrage should invent some plausible
plea or false pretense that there was some long-lost
liberty or equality of the people to be reclaimed
and restored by the new policy, the repeal of
the Missouri compromise was effected by using,
in the act to organize the Territories of Kansas
and Nebraska, these very remarkable words:
The eighth section of the act, pieparatoiy totiie admis-
sion of Missoiui into the Union, appioved March 6,
which, inconsistent with the principle of non-mter-
vontion by Confess with slaveiy in the States andTem-
tones as ieco<ini/.ed by the legislation of 18o0, commonly
ealU\l the i ompioim&e measure-, 13 hereby declined inoper-
ative and void; it being the tiuc intent and meamns of thi3
act not to le<*i-Iate slaveiy into any Terntoiv, oi exclude it
thoiciiorri, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to
foim and regulate their domestic institutions 111 tnen own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the United States."
Why not say, in direct words, that" the eighth
section of the Missouri compromise act, which
prohibited slavery north of 36° 30', is hereby
repealed?" Why all this circuity of language?
Why pretend that the legislation of 1850 was
inconsistent with ihe act of 1820 ? Why this talk
of" leaving the people peilVrily free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions m their own
way," if it were not to conceal the wrong under
the name and pretext of extending the blessings
of freedom > It was with an air of triumph asked,
why not extend all the rights now enjoyed by the
people of the States to the people of the Territo-
ries ? Why notallow this rightof self-government
to the few settlers of a Territory as well as to large
communities and States?
The Democratic party, from the time this pio-
vision was incorporated into the law for the or-
ganization of Kansas Territory, determined to ap-
piopriate this doctrine of " popular sovereignty"
to its own exclusive use and benefit. It was to
be claimed as a great distinguishing principle be-
tween them and ail other parties; and this was to
be kept very prominently before the people.
The chief leader at the South in setting up this
claim was Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, who, while
the Kansas bill was pending in the House of Rep-
resentatives, said:
a Those who liohl that Congress ouglr to impose their ar-
bitiary mandates upon the people of ihe Terntorics in tins
particular whether the people he wilhngor unwilling, hold
the doclnne of Lord Noith and ins adherents in the British
I'.uliainoiit lowaids the Colome-dunughis administration.
13c and they claimed the i ight to govern the Colonies m all
cases vvhatsoevci, notwithstanding the want ot icpicrema-
tion."
Yes, sir, the people of the Territories must be
1 left <s perfectly free to form and regulate then* do-
j mestic institutions in their own way;" and those
j who did not subscribe to this doctrine must be
' charged with holding the political opinions hold
> by Lord North and the British Government in
, tlie days of the Revolution. This was the Dem-
; oeratic doctrine in 1854. Two years afterwards,
' the Democratic national convention, held atCm-
1 cinnati, revised this doctrine of" squatter sover-
| eignty" by one of their resolutions, which reads
! as follows:
; a That we recosni/e the niht of the people of
i rill the Territories ineiudincr Kansas and Nebraska, noting
: thiomih tbe loyally and lanly expressed will of a majority
| of actual lesidents, and whencvu the number of iben m-
; habitants justines it, to ftmua constitution, with or without
j domestic slavery, and be adtniHed into Uip Union upon
! terms of peileet equality with the other States.'"
1, This commentary upon the original text placed
1 an apparent limitation upon the power of the Ter-
; ritones; but still a f£ majority (if the actual rest-
! dents," when they came to form a constitution,
i could form their " domestic institutions" to suit
j themselves.
I The President having placed himself upon this
i Cincinnati platform fuliv lluV, according to hi *
own language, he was no longer James Buchanan,
but was the Cincinnati platform, it was but reason-
able to expect, at least, that this exposition of
" squatter sovereignty" would be fairly and fully
carried out in his administration*
In his inaugural address he said:
" It is the imperative and indispensable duty of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to secure to every resident
inhabitant the free and independent expression of lus opin-
ion by ins vote."
In his instructions to Governor Walker, in
speaking of the constitutional convention, and of
the constitution then about to be formed by it, he
says:
" When such a constitution shall he submitted to the peo-
ple of the Teuitory, they must be protected in the exercise
of then light of voting tor or against that instrument; and
the tair expression of the popular will must not be inter-
rupted by fiaud or violence."
Governor Walker proceeded to Kansas under
these instructions; and, in his inaugural address
to the people, among other^hings, he said:
" I repeat, then, as my clear conviction, that, unless the
convention submit the constitution to the vote of all the
actual resident settlers of Kansas, and the election be fairly
and justly conducted, the constitution will be, and ought to
be, lejected by Congrtiss."
To show that these statements were made by-
Governor Walker in good faith, in pursuance of
his instructions, and with the knowledge not only
of the President, but with the approval of all the
members of his Cabinet, and with a view of pre-
senting other facts and arguments on this subject,
1 beg leave to read from Governor Walker's letter
of resignation the following extracts. He says:
" [ accepted the appointment of Governor of Kansas on
the expiess condition that I should advocate the submission
of the constitution to the vote of the people tor ratification
oi lejection.
w These views were clearly undetstood bv the President
and all his Cabinet. They wcie distinctly set foith m my
letter of acceptance of ibis ollice of ihe 26th of March last,
ami reiteiated in my inaugural address of the 21th of May
last, as tollows:
" 1 Indeed, I cannot doubt that the convention, after hav-
ing framed a Suite constitution, will submit it foi ratifica-
tion or rejection by a majority of the then actual bona fide
resident settlers of Kansas.'
u With these views well known to the President and Cab-
inet, and appioved by them,I accepted the appointment of'
Governor ot Kansas.
" In my official dispatch to youof2d June Inst, a copy of
that maugmal addict win tian«nuttod to you lor the lur-
ther mfoimation of the President and his Cabinet. No ex-
ception wa& evel taken io any portion of thai address. On
the eontrruy, it is de tmetly admitted by the President in his
mo-Mgc, wuh commendable frankness, that my instruc-
tions m favor of the submission of the constitution to ihe
vote of the people wete ' gencial and unqualified.' By
that inatniural and subsequent addresses I was pledged to
the people of Kansas to oppo-e. by all 'lawful means,' the
adoption of any constitution which was not fairly and fully
Mibinif'-d to their vote lor latifieation or 1 ejection. The-e
plodces i cannot recall or violate without personal dishonor
and tne abandoment of iundamental pnnciples; and, there-
it «e, it, is impossible tor me to suppoit what is callcd the
Locoinpi on eoiistitimon, because it is not submitted to a
vote of the people toi unification or lejection."
'•I lepoatjthat in nineteen counties out of thirty-four,
there was no census In fifteen counties out of thiity four
theie was no registiy, and not a solitary vote was given or
could be given tor delegates to the convention in any one
of these counties. Surely, then, it cannot be said that such
a convention, chosen hy scaicely more than one tenth of the
pre-cnt votei- of Kansas, represented the people of that Tcr-
ii-oty, and could ughtfully impose a constitution upon them
without then eon-ont. These nineteen counties m winch
there was no cen-u- constituted amajonfy of the counties of
theTcmtoiy,and these fifteen counties in which theie was
no le^ny gave a much larger vote at the October election,
even with tlie six inomh-' qualification, than the whole vote
given to the delegates who signed the Lccoinpton constitu-
tion on tiie 7th November la-t. It, then,sovereignty can be
deli <:ated. and convention-, a- such, ui« sovereign, which
i i deny, phi el v it inu-.t be oulv m such cases as when such
! conventions aie chosen by the people, which we have seen
! \\a- no! the case a- repaid- the bite Lecompton convention.
I It wr.«< tor this. among other reason*. th;it m my inaugural
! and other addiesiCs 1 insisted that the constitution should
| be submitted to the people by the convention, as tne only
means ot cm mg this vital defect m the organization. It was,
theiefoio. anion: oihei icanons w hen,'"as vou know, the
oigamzation or the so-called Topeka State government, and
as a consee,uence an inevitable civil war and conflict with
the tioops must have ensued-these le-ults weie pi evented
by my assiumg, not the Abolmoin-t-, a-> has b"en eirone-
oiisly stated—Tor my addiess was uot to them, but the peo-
ple of Kan.<ao—that in my jud^mci.f. the constitution would
be submitted fanl.v and tree!} lorr.itification oriejection by
; their vote; and that, if this was uot done, E would unite
j with them, the people, as I now do, in lawful opposition to
! such a pioceduie.
| <• The Pie&ident takes a different view of the subject in
i his message; and. fmm the even's occuning m Kansas as
! well r.s here, it i- evident that the question is passing fioni
! theoiie- into p-aence, and that, as Governor of Kansas. I
\ sho-ilil Sv eoia[K-Uedtocatryout newmstructions,dilfeime,
1 on .i \t1 d quc^ion. nom iho*e received at the date ot litv
<'pp.>ii..nil."it J'u'h i. i takiiuii i i Jim! not e.c- cute eo-i-
