268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
35TH CoNft....lsT SESS.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Harlan.
Ho. of Reps.
•statently with my views of the Federal Constitution, of the
Kaunas and Nebiaska bill, or with iny pledges to the people
of Kansas. Under these circumstance*, no alternative is
loft me but to resign the office of Governor of the Territory
of Kansas.
" N"o one can more deeply re?ret than myself this neces-
sity; but it arise* tiom no change ot opinion on my part.
On the contrary, 1 should have most cheeiiully returned to
Kansas to carry out my original instructions, and thus pre-
serve the peace of the Territory, and finally settle the Kan-
sas question by redeeming my pledges to the people."
As a further pruof that it was the universal un-
derstanding, before and at the time of the election
of the delegates to the Lecompton constitutional
convention, that the constitution was to be sub-
mitted to the people; and to corroborate the evi-
dence of Governor Walker, if it required any, I
read the publication of John Calhoun and seven
other candidates for the convention, in which they
pledge themselves that the constitution shall be
submitted. It speaks for itself, and reads as fol-
lows:
To the Democratic VoteBof Douglas County:
U having been stated by that Abolition newspaper, the
Heiald of Fiopdom, and by some di-alfected bogus Derno-
ctats, who have pot up an independent ticket, lor the pur-
pose of seeming the vote of the Black Republicans, that the
tegular nominees of the J)unoerafu' convention vvete op-
posed to j.ul)mittinff the constitution to the people, we, the
candidates of the Demociatic party, submit the following
resolution, whu h vv a> adopted bv the Demociatic conven-
tion which placed u< in nomination, and winch wo Jully and
heartily indorse, iv, a complete refutation of the Zanders
above icierrod to.
John Calhoun, A. W. Jonfs,
W. v.-5. YVvlls, U. HUTOUl-R,
L (?, Com.ho, John iM. VValtace,
\V\u. T. si'ICei.y, l. A. i'ratiikr.
T.kcompton, Kansas Tenitoiy, June iU, 18.V/.
• nssihcdf That we will support no man as a delegate to
the em.sirnii'oh.i: convention, who-*o dntio it will he to
Irametbe eon-.iim;,w(i ol the inline State ot Kansas, and to
moid the political m--1 .mtions under which we, as a people,
are to live, mik1^ ho pledges himself, fully, lieely, and
Without te^eivatio.t, to iw oveiy honoiahlc mentis to sub-
nut the saute to ev< rv bonajide actual citizen of' Kansas, at
the pioper fine im riie vole being taken ii[ on the adoption
bv the people, ill Oidm that the s.nd oon-titidioji mu\ be
adopted oi lejeeied bv the aefudl M'Ulcts Ol this Temtoiy,
as the majoiitv ot voters shall decide,''
Under the assurances thus given by the Cin-
cinnati platform, by the instructions of the Pies-
ulent of the (Jniird Elates to (Governor Walker,
by the advice of his Cabinet, by the addresses
ofCrovernoi Walkei to the people of Kansas, by
the published pledges of the candidates for the
convention, the election for delegates to the Le-
compton convention was held; and a majority of
ils delegates wet e found to be in favor of making
Kansas a slave State ! i t then, for the lirst time,
began to be whispered that the constitution would
not be submitted to the people for their adoption.
To show with what indignation this suggestion
was met at the South at that time, I refer to an
extract irom a Virginia newspaper, the Richmond
Kxaminer, of the 14th July, Jtf37. This extract
js as follows:
,{ Here is the whole question, then, fioni alpha to omega :
Shall the cotiMilution he Mibnn'tn! to iln- pt-oph':1 The l)e-
mi'Ciaev oi' Katisa-. demand that it '-It.ill, and i)ie Democ-
racy of the Union second then demand. Mi Kkitt sa)<.
mi; ; the ulea South clamoit-in choru>, itay. Well, why
Mmuld nor tin1 eonsuuitnm he submitted to the people'
What x the objection of the ulna^ Strange to .-ay, the
K-u- on i-> not dcm< d. We blu-h tor the South that the tea-
r-rni is avowed. The reason alleged k, that the puople of
k '!Wi> would vote down sueh a eoiii-titution as the elam-
o! cis would name lor liiem ; and the edort is to thrust upon
ihem. bv a political tuck ami contiiv.ince, what could not
b" put upon them b\ i«ur Demociatic mentis. Sueh w the
i-clK-me of • the clnvahv ' ol tile Soulh ! Mieh the lame and
imp-vent eomhision ot ail the grind ;n>> and ailVetatiotis
ot Vii lue ,oid honor, with winch * the ehivaliy" have amused
the eonntiy-o long' A paltty Hand, a ponueal iuygle. a
legal .swindle, upon Uie people of Kansas—-in^ted upon,
<l"iu;mdcd. ciamoied lor. bv ' the ehivaliy,' par < ircllcnte,
by the pink and pick politicians o! the South.
"•4 din tools in tlie convention will ftaine a constitution
for 1\.his,is ;>< jt will be such a.- the people would repudiate
k we will take eaie to prevent the p.-oplu ijom voting upon
it' we will juggle it thiougii a sluuvoi mock formaline?. f
ii'id 'we will accomplish by chicane what we could not
h iv e accomplished by suaighiloruerd, honest. I)i mocianc
practice.' Such is the position of the peculiar champions,
of the South; buch the attitude in which thevtire -t; iv mir to
place the South before the Union and beloie the world;
';e(> the hmmliatingdepthsofdialionor—with taith voInt< d,
pledges broken, and lcputation blasted—in which they
would .sink the noble Democracy of the slavoholdmg States.
The fraud is infamous enough in it-elf, but it jh doubly so
in being m violation of e\pit>«.«? pledges given by the J>e-
mociacv of the Union, and p.uticipatod 111", m the mo&t sol-
emn manner, by the ultrub themselves."
The above article appeared in the organ of the
Administration, the Washington Union, of the
18th July, 1857, with the following indorsement,
and approval by its editor:
c< Will the South cocntenance the Fraud ?—We
commend the following article from the Richmond Exam-
ine! to the earnest attention of ourieaders. ft5? -statements*,
its reasonings, its indignant expostulations, are so eloquent
and forcible that they cannot fail to impress the minds of all
who read thpm. The more we examine tin* subject, the
more we attend to the reasonings of others; the more we are
impressed with the palpable erior into which our southern
friends have fallen in condemning Governor Walker and the
Administration for proposing to submit the constitution of
Kansas, when framed, to the people. It is a war against a
principle universally acknowledged by the national De-
mocracy to be ught; it was adopted as a principle of their
national platform; it was accepted, acquiesced m, and sanc-
tioned by the southern Demoetacy, as well as by the De-
mociacy of the whole country, without a dissenting voice.
We fought upon it, and with every other issue connected
with it we triumphed. These very southern men, aided by
their spirited etToits and united votes in bringing into power
a great statesman, a true friend of the South, an ardent pa-
triot and a pure man, committed to the very principle now
called in question by every act of his past life. And can it
be believed, the very lirst moment that it is attempted to
apply the ptmciple m practice—that is, to allow the people
ol Kansas to adopt, by their votes, such a constitution as
they may be willing to live under—many of our southern
fi icnds practically lepudiate their ptevious acts, icpudiate
their resolution of the Cincinnati plattoim winch contains
the pnneiple, and array themselves foi the moment against
an Adiuini.suation which is only endeavonng to do its duty,
and faithfully fulfill its pledges ; and tins, we think, is very
cleatiy shown by the Hollowing article." [The one above
read.]
In an editorial, of the same dale, the editor of
the Union says, in speaking of the Kansas con-
stitution:
"If the convention shall make a constitution in the name
of the people, and retuse to let then constituents pronounce
upon it, we can only say that the be>t evidence of its authen-
ticity is withheld."
And this was the tone of the party press here,
and all over the country, until the 7th of Novem-
ber last, when the convention closcd its labors,
adopted the Lccompton constitution, refused to
submit it to a vote of the people for their rejec-
tion or approval. Since that time we have had,
fiom the oigaus of the Administration, and from
the President of the United States, and those who
profess to be his friends, till sorts of opinions,
sinlements, and claims.
First, the convention was censured; then ex-
cuses and apologies were made; and then a com-
plete justification for not submitting the constitu-
tion to a vote of the people; and lastly, and finally,
it is claimed by the President, m a message to
Congress, that the constitution was submitted to
the people, in accordance and substantial compli-
ance with his instructions to Governor "Walker.
When this last pretense was giavely written by
the President, and read by his friends, it would
not be surprising if both he and they should have
exclaimed, in the celebrated language of Jack Fal-
slalf, when caught in an unmitigated falsehood,
" I.ord, Lord, how this world is given to lying!"
That the constitution was submitted for adop-
tion or lejeciion in substantial compliance with the
provisions of the Cincinnati platform or the pledg-
es ofthePresident,or his instructions toGovemor
Walker, is wholly false; not one word of truth in
it. The claim that the question of slavery or no
slavery, the question of a slave or a free State, was
submitted, is equally without truth—unqualifiedly
false. The scandalous and contemptible mockery
of submitting the shadow of the question of sla-
very or no slavery to the people was performed.
The substance of even that single question was
withheld—expressly withheld.
Why, sir, what was submitted to the people?
Simply whether, in future, slaves should be im-
ported into Kansas. The perpetuity of all the
slavery then in Kansas, was provided for in the
constitution in express terms, no matter which
way the people voted on the question submitted.
The man who m private life would claim in his
private affairs that his obligations under such cir-
cumstances, and with sueh compliance, were dis-
charged, would but live to be loathed and despised
as a man without honor, wuhout truth.
The Lecompton constitution is now presented
with slavery as fully recognized by it as by the
constitution of any State m the Union; and the
President in his message tells us "it la as much a
slave State as Georgia or Alabama." That sla-
very exists there, either by law or by force, is
emphatically true.
Such, then, is the Lecompton constitution. Is it
the constitution of the people of Kansas ? Is it the
work, or the act and deed of that people? Does it
speak their voice or reflect their will ? If it is their
constitution, then let it be so treated; if it is not
their constitution, then let it be treated as the work,
the vile work, of the infamous" scoundrels who
made it. What is the evidence upon this ques-
tion ? Those who assert it to he the constitution
of the people of Kansas rely upon a series of legal
inferences and presumptions Inferential evidence
will do if no positive evidence is furnished to
contradict it. The assent of the people might be
presumed if they were silent; but when they do
speak, we must be governed by their voice; we
must know what it is; we are no longer at liberty
to infer their assent; they have spoken yea or nay,
and we must see and know what they have said.
Now look at the evidence. A bogus Legislature
ordered the convention to he elected. At the elec-
tion for delegates to the convention, by the evi-
dence of Governor Walker above referred to, it
is shown that nearly half the Territory was dis-
franchised. He says:
" I repeat, that in nineteen counties out of thirty-four,
(the whole numbei in the Ti.mtoiy,) there was no census.
In fifteen < auntie* out of thi) fy-four there was no registry,
and not a solitary i ote teas gircn, or could be given^ for dele-
gates to the convention in any one of these counties."
Acting Governor Stanton, in his message to the
Territorial Legislature, says that all the votes
given at the election in June last for delegates to
the Lecompton convention, only amounted to
about two thousand two hundred. If they are all
set down as in favor of this constitution with sla-
very, there were only two thousand two hundred
of them, all told. At the election in October last
for a Delegate to this Congress, there were two
candidates; one was the slave-State candidate, the
other was Mr. Parrott, the free-State candidate,
and who is now a member of this House. This
election was held under the laws of Congress,
which all parties in the Territory recognize as
valid. Alt parties voted, and the election was
warmly contested. The majority for the free-
State candidate was about five thousand.
At the election held on the 21st December, on
the adoption of the Lecompton constitution the
whole vote cast for the constitution, as the returns
show, was only six thousand one hundred and
forty-three, one half of which have since been
proven to be fraudulent, and a considerable num-
ber more given by non-residents; showing the
actual strength of the pro-slavery party in Kan-
sas to be only about three thousand.
But a more conclusivc vote than either of those
mentioned was given on the 4th of January last,
when the question of adopting or rejecting the
Lccompton constitution was directly submitted
to a vote of the people, and over eleven thousand
votes were then cast against the constitution and
against slavery. No evidence has been offered in
this House to impeach the fairness of this vote.
We can, then, with pet feet confidence, claim that
we have positive and affirmative evidence that
there is now, in truth and in fact, a majority of over
eightthousand of the citizcns of Kansas protesting
that this is not their constitution.
There have been memorials, signed by over
seven thousand residents of Kansas, sent to this
Congress, remonstrating&gainstadmission under
this constitution.
The Delegate on this floor, elected and sent here
to represent their interest in person, remonstrates
against the admission of Kansas under this consti-
tution.
The Territorial Legislature but recently elected
send hero their remonstrance, and ask, what right
| has Congress to admit Kansas as a State into the
Union against her will?
This remonstrance is in the following three
resolutions:
" Rewired by the Governor and Legislative  1s$cmhhj of
Kansas Tei ritoru, That the people of Kan-a-* bcintj opposed
to t-aid eoiiMitunon, Conme-s has no ti^hUul powct under
it to admit said Terntoiy into the Tinon as a State; and
we, the lepiessentativcs of Mild peopb', do hereby, in their
name and on their behalf, solemnly protest against bueh
admission
"Resolved, That such action on the part of Congress
would, in the judgment of the members of this Legislative
Assembly, be an entire abandonment of the doctrine of
non-inteivcnnoii in the affairs of the Tenitory, and a sub-
stitution in its stead of congressional mteivention in behalf
of a nnnoiity engaged m a'disreputabie attempt to defeat
the will and violate the rights of the majority.
