220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
passes by which property was destroyed, and a
, single life lost, reclamation was made on the Brit-
ish Government to bring that offender to justice.
He underwent a trial from which there was no
powerin the Federal Governmentand in theBrit-
ish Government that could discharge him. He
would have been held, if he had been convicted,
to atone with his life for the crime which he had
committed. So, also, on the other hand, General
Scott was sent to that frontier, and, I believe, with
the unanimous consent of Congress, to present
just such depredations as these on the part of our
citizens against the citizens of Canada; and it is
amongst the brightest of his honors, the greenest
of the wreaths which encircle his brow, that he
kept and preserved the peace between these two
great and jealous nations.
The principle is precisely the same here, and I
think gentlemen ought to look at the bottom of
this matter. If they really think that this prin-
ciple is wrong, let them introduce their bill to re-
peal the neutrality laws; but so long as the laws
remain, let us not punish the person who, although
he transcends his power in bringing the offenders
to punishment, still effectually brings them to
punishment, especially if, at the same time, we
determine to let the offenders who are arrested go
unwhipped of justice.
Mr. DAVIS. With the Senator's permission,
I should like to ask a question. I do not quite
understand his proposition. What principle is
that which hus been asserted on this side, and
which is exactly equal to the principle which jus-
tified troops being put along our own border to
prevent them from going out of the United States
to make war on a neighboring State, and which
principle he further asserts requires us to ask the
repeal of the neutrality laws?
Mr. SEWARD. It is this: that the crime con-
sists altogether m the offender being caught; that
if he can escape from the United States and reach
the country against which the war is to be made,
then the act is innocent and right, because he is
ail emigrant!
Mr. DAVIS. Who said that ?
Mr. SEWARD. That is the way I understand
the position of both the Senators from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. DAVIS. That is your position and no-
body else's. There has been no such position taken
on this side. We have contended that the law
did not authorize the President to arrest people in
a foreign country.
Mr. SEWAJID. Allow me to remind the
honorable Senator that liis colleague stated that
Walker was guilty of the violation of no law,
and heaskedus to show what law he had violated.
The President shows that he violated the laws of
the United States. The President goes further,
and quotes a "higher law" which he says the
offender violated. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I was afraid the President had
got into " higher-lawism" when I found myself
a little against him. [Laughter.] But, sir, my
colleague took, by way of illustration, the position
'which he exemplified in his own person, as well
as that of General Walker, that every American
citizen had the right to expatriate himself, and to
bear arms when he expatriated himself, and thus
expatriating himself, to engage in any revolution
in a foreign land. That was not the assertion
that the crime consisted in being caught. It was
not the assertion of a principle which made it ex-
actly the same, whether the Government within
its own limits enforced its laws, or whether it
sent its Wavy and Army into foreign countries,
there to enforce its laws. The illustration which
was made, was that of the sacred privilege of
an American citizen to bear arms wherever he
chooses, nnd to leave his own country to stake his
life and fortune in any other whenever he pleases.
It was on this sacred principle that the war of
1812 was fought—a principle dear to every Amer-
ican heart—a principle incorporated into our na-
tional history.
Mr. PUGirl. With the utmost respect for the
President of the United States, both as a magis-
trate and as an individual, I am notable to indorse
the principles avowed in this message. It is not
that I have any special sympathy for William J
Walker, nor for the enterprise in which he litis !
been engaged; but I think ihe principles which
liave been avowed by the President in this mes-
sage are neither warranted by the Constitution of
the United States, nor by any statute law of the
United States, nor by any principle of the law of
nations.
The question is not whether William Walker
was committing a crime against the Government
of Nicaragua within her limits. Let her punish
him, if she is able to punish him. Who made us
the avenger of her wrongs ? Was he committing
a crime on the high seas? We know what that
crime is. It is piracy, for whrch any nation may
arrest him. That is not pretended.
Then what has he done ? The Senator from
New York 3aid he made war on a foreign nation.
That is no crime by any law of the United States.
It is a crime to set on foot within the jurisdiction
of the United States a military expedition. That
is all the offense there is. Togo outside of your
limits and commit an act of war against any other
power, is no offense by your neutrality law or by
any other law. If he attacked the peaceable ves-
sels of any other Power on the high seas and
committed an act of piracy, arrest him on the high
seas; but so soon as he came within the jurisdic-
tion of another Power, the authority of the Army
and Navy ceased, and the authority of the Presi-
dent ceased. It is no question about Commodore
Paulding. I do not care whethpr lie is punished
or not. I do not want to punish any man for an
error of judgment; but I agree with the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, that the message is
not logical. If William Walker deserved pun-
ishment at our hands, the mere fact that he was
arrested within the jurisdiction of the State of
Nicaragua, which does not complain of it, does
not detract from the merit of Commodore Pauld-
ing, and he ought to be rewarded with a medal
just as much as Commander Ingraham was, for
violating the neutrality of Turkey in search of a
praiseworthy object. He either did right or he
did wrong. If he did right, if the occasion were
as urgent as the Senator from New York says
it was, then reward him; do not turn him out of
the Senate of the United States and from the face
of the President, with this paltry excuse.
I deal not with him, nor with William Walker.
I deal with this proposition. The President says
that he has a right to make the Navy of the United
States a police force, to go abroad over the seas
on all the face of the ocean, and wherever he finds
a man who lias left the United States to ask him
his business, to sit in judgment upon him, and if
he is not satisfied with his conduct, to send him
home to report himself to the Secretary of State.
That is the proposition to which I object. That
is a grave question of principle. Where does the
President get the power to do this through his
agents? Where is the power? He has a right
to arrest a pirate. Was this man a pirate ? Where
is his act of piracy ? Did he assault anybody on
the high seas? That is not pretended. But he
came within the jurisdiction of another Power,
and they say he committed an offense there. Let
that Power punish him. They say he is afugitive
from our shores. Have you an extradition treaty
with Nicaragua? If so, demand him under it. If
you have none, then he is beyond your reach.
The proposition is that the end will justify the
means; that you have armed the President of the
Uniied States with a power as despotic as is as-
serted by any monarch of Europe. Why, sir, the
whole scope of our neutrality laws—and they go
far enough—is that you have no right to punish
anything but what is done within the jurisdiction
of the United States. When a citizen chooses to
expatriate himself, to go anywhere to fight, on
any side of any question, he has a right to go.
That is not the doctrine of a monarchial Gov-
ernment. Why? The Queen of Great Britain
claims that the person who is born within her do-
minion owes her allegiance from the fact of birth;
that he never can discharge himself from it; that
he may go anywhere on the face of the earth, into
any foreign country, and may take ever so many
oaths ofabjuration, but he is still a subject; and as
he is still a subject, everywhere and at all times,
that she,as his sovereign, and mistress,and pro-
tectress, is bound to be answerable for his conduct.
Do we hold that doctrine? Do we not hold that
any poison born abroad may come here and ab-
jure his allegiance? Why may we not abjure
ours ? Why not go outside of our own limits—
go in our own rights, as American citizens, or as
individuals, without any nationality? All the pun-
ishment I know of is to take the consequences.
I do not think Mr. Walker would have done
much good for himself or anybody else in Central
America, the way he was going on. That is not
my proposition; but I deny utterly this authority
of the President to employ the Navy of the United
States to arrest persons upon the high seas, and
ask'them, "where are you going, and what is your
business?" and to return them to the authority of
the Secretary of State. Why, sir, what a mis-
erable farce did it turn out to be. Was the man
a criminal? He was brought home by the au-
thority of the Navy Department up to the Secre-
tary of State, and the Secretary of State had no
business with him. He was turned over to the
judiciary, and they had no business with him.
Sir, the worst men often, in theirpersons, become
the representatives of great principles; and I say
it was a sacred principle—the right of an Amer-
ican citizen to expatriate himself—that was tram-
pled upon in the person of this individual. It was
violated by a high-handed act.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator give way
for a moment ? There are several Senators who
desire to speak, and I suggest that the resolution
to adjourn over until Monday be reconsidered,
and that wo adjourn until to-morrow, and then
discuss this question.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. PUGH. I will yield the floor in a moment.
I have only one more suggestion to make. The
President says, and the Senator from New York
repeats, that we are losing our good name among
the nations of .the world. What good name?
We have heard that long; we have been admon-
ished continually by the gentlemen who wear
gold and giit buttons on the 4th of March, every
four years, that if we will be very good children,
and behave ourselves according to their notions,
we shall have a sugar-plum occasionally, and be
called good boys. What do we care for their
opinion? Their views are not measured by the
principles of our Government. They hold that
we are bound to follow our citizens all over the
face of the earth, and to hold them by the strong
hand of allegiance, whereas we tell them that the
moment they go forth from us, they cease to be
amenable to us, and we cease to be answerable
for them. While they preach all this to us, with
very sanctimonious faces, while they tell us of
the woeful iniquity of the proceedings of some of
our people in Central America, they go on delib-
erately, in violation of the faith of treaties, in vio-
lation of the honor of nations and of individuals,
to seize it for themselves. When I see them com-
porting themselves according to their own rule, I
will be disposed to stretch the law of nations far
enough to restrain any improper interference by
our citizens.
But that is not the point which I proposed im-
mediately to expose. I rose simply to deny, for
one, the authority to use the Army or the Navy
on the high seas, for any other purpose than the
Army itself could be used on the land, in execu-
tion of the civil authority of this Government, and
unless the President has a law to define some of-
fense on the high seas, other than the crime of
piracy, he has 110 right to arrest any American
citizen.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not consider the debate
at all premature. The paper, which has been
; well considered by the President for several days,
is to be spread before the country. It is now going
011 the wings of lightning to the uttermost part of
the Republic. I think it contains important errors,
to which i wish to enter my dissent.
Within the last few days the country has been
astounded with reports that General William
Walker, formerly President of Nicaragua, and
who held other high offices in that country under
a Government acknowledged by this, a citizen of
Nicaragua, and one hundred and fifty men under
his command, were violently seized at Punta Are-
nas by an American captain, and forcibly brought
to the United States, he was delivered to the mar-
shal of New York, brought before the Secretary of
State, and discharged, his men carried to a neigh-
boring port by a ship-of-war, and cast upon the
shore to sluftfor themselves, naked andpenniless,
their arms, their stores, their property seized.
That is the case. We call, then, on the President
of the United States to know by what authority
these things have been done by an American post
captain in our Navy. He does not vindicate them;
he does not declare that they were legal; he dares
