1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
to outweigh every consideration that can be of-
fered in its favor.
First, that the people of Kansas have, by the
Kansas-Nebraska act, a clear and undoubted
right, and they alone, to form their constitution
as they, in their judgment, may think best.
This, I conclude, no one will deny, and there-
fore I deem it not debatable.
Secondly, that the people of Kansas are, by a
very decided majority, opposed to that constitu-
tion, and have so declared at a full and fair elec-
tion—an election held pursuant to an act of the
Territorial Legislature, assembled by order of a
Governor who was appointed by the President,
and that the said election was the only one ever
held in the Territory of Kansas to decide for or
against that constitution.
Sir, is not this also true ? I believe it is, and I
trust no member on this floor will attempt to con-
trovert it. Thus far, then, we agree.
If X am not mistaken in these two facts, to wit:
that the people of Kansas have the right to decide
on their own constitution, and that they have
fairly and solemnly passed upon this Lccompton
constitution, and rejected it; 1 ask, then, is there
a member present who will vote to compel the
people of Kansas to accept that constitution, and
forego the exercise of the great fundamental right
of self-government—a right on which our whole
republican edifice is erected?
If, then, these two facts are true—and 1 do not
expect to see the first member who will cail in
question the truth of either—I say to the Demo-
crats, Americans, and Republicans, are not these
objections paramount and conclusive against the
passage of this Lccompton constitution?
Here I might rest and submit the cause, and,
with a fair and candid trial on its merits, with
full confidence await the issue.
Sir, it would be a curiosity to see a northern
Representative vote direct to make a slave State
north of 36° 30', and particularly one professing
to be a Democratic Representative from the State
of New York.
The members from that State must know—
and you do know—first, that a vast majority of
your constituents, of all pai ties, loathe and detest
that nefarious swindle called the Lecompton con-
stitution; and that there is not one congressional
district of the thirty-four where a majority of the
voters are in favor of its passage.
And secondly, you also know that if that con-
stitution is forced on Kansas, at the dictum of
the Executive, by an arbitrary vote of Congress,
it is done against the will of an overwhelming
majority of the people of Kansas.
ilere I desire to present for the inspection and
review of northern members, and their constitu-
ents in particular, one leading principle of the
Lecompton constitution, which is in the words
following, to wit:
Jlrliclc 7—Slavery.
" &ec. i. The right of property is before and higher than
any constitutional sanction, and the right of the owner of
a slave to such slave, and its increase, is the same and as
inviolable as the right of the owner of any property what-
ever.'5
Now, then, to pass the Lecompton constitution
and make it the constitution for the State of Kan-
sas, by the aid of Democratic votes from the State
of New York, with New York and Kansas both
opposed, would be interesting entirely. If what
I have said be true, I have said enough already
to bar the door against it.
If the people of the State of New York, with
great unanimity, desire their Representatives to
vote against it, and if at the same time, their Rep-
resentatives know that the people of Kansas, with
singular unanimity reject it, and will not accept
it, and that their Legislature by a unanimous vote
protest against it, and officially declare they never
will submit to it on any terms whatever; in alt
conscience, I ask is not that enough—1 say is not
that enough to warrant, nay command, its rejec-
tion by every vote from the Empire State ?
But more than that; you know that the repeal
of the Missouri compromise was a scandalous
violation of plighted faith, dishonest and dishon-
orable in its character, a costly sacrifice of south-
ern honor, and the mo&t dangeious move that
slavery ever made. It was aggressive. Itxoas agita-
tion of the icortt sort. It was an unexpected dec-
laration of war—slavery against freedom, and
slavery the invader; and it may prove to be a war
of extermination.
Sir, it was done to steal the march, and crowd
slavery where it had never, been before and where
it was not welcome. It absolves all northern men
from delicacy towards the so-called institution of
slavery, and leaves them free to speak of it and
treat it as it deserves, a loathsome, lawless inva-
der of the rights of man, in direct violation of the
Declaration of American Independence, at vari-
ance with the Articles of Confederation, and open-
ly at war with the Constitution of the United
States, the President to the contrary, notwith-
standing.
That southern men, brought up from infancy
to prize and respect it, and educated, frorn gener-
ation to generation, to think it right and lawful,
that they be prejudiced in its favor is not a mys-
tery.
The same relations and circumstances might
produce the same results in us.
For them to seek to extend slavery is not so
strange; but for northern members, brought up
at Gamaliel's feet, inhaling from early life the
healthful sentiments of northern freemen, and
taught to believe slavery unlawful and wrong—
that such a member should be found to part with
the approbation of his constituents, if not of his
conscience, and, in the time of trial, to desert the
cause of freedom, his country, and his friends,
and be himself the unlucky instrument by which
the blight of*chattel-slavery shall curse the soil
and blast the future of a young, rising empire, is
painful to anticipate.
You do know that when Kansas came Co elect
her first Legislature, to make her first laws, a
band of ruffians, near five thousand strong, armed
to the teeth, came from Missouri, took the polls
by storm, and drove the honest voters away;
elected their Legislature, many of whom lived
then and now in Missouri, and returned back in
triumph; and all to make Kansas a slave State.
You do know that for objecting to this outrage
a Democratic Governor of Kansas (Ileeder) was
removed by the President, and lost caste with the
friends of slavery.
Why, there have been about as many Demo-
cratic Governors of Kansas as there were " sons
of one Skeva, a Jew," unceremoniously removed
from office and turned adrift, one after another,
becauso they refused to go all lengths to crush out
freedom and drive out freemen, to make Kansas a
slave State.
You do know that the free-State men of Kansas
were persecuted and hunted and robbed and mur-
dered, and that an alien ruffian Legislature would j
give them no protection; and all to extirpate free
principles and free men; and that it was an offense
against the tyrannic laws of that Legislature to
even say that man cannot hold property in man.
An offense, nay a felony, punishable with the
State's prison.
Ts thai liberty of speech?—not allowed so much
as to speak against slavery—and that a law the
President sent his troops to execute!
Is that not despotism? For far less than that
our fathers declared King George " unfit to be the
ruler of u free people
They took up arms to defend their rights.
He sent Gage to Boston with three thousand
men to overawe the people.
And we have twenty-five hundred sent to Kan-
sas on exactly the same errand.
You know' the city of Lawrence was burned at
noonday, by border-ruffian officers, while United
States troops were near at hand, anxious for orders
(which they never got) to interfere and save the
town.
Lawrence was the quiet home of free-State
men.
You know the government of Kansas was a
foul usurpation, countenanced by the President
of the United States, and upheld by his troops,
with a design to make Kansas a slave State.
You know that cruel and corrupt judges have
been kept in office there, " to clear the guilty and
varnish crimes," and all to advance the cause of
slavery and make Kansas a slave State.
You know that the worst of border-ruffians
have enjoyed the smiles and patronage of Federal
favor in the Territory of Kansas, with a design
to make Kansas a slave State.
You know that, at subsequent elections, the
vilest frauds have been acted over and over again,
to prevent a fair election, and to make Kansas a
slave State.
You know the Lecompton constitution is to be
put through, if possible, by executive power and
patronage, covered all over as it is with fraud,
and spotted with corruption, and thus livet on
Kansas the detested curse of chattel-slavery, and
that against the faithful, persevering, manly op-
position of her people, a$. expressed at a fair and
legal election, by a majority of more than five to
to one.
Will you, Representatives of the free and free-
labor-loving"North,t0iW you indorse this catalogue
of cruelty and crimes and give your votes for the
notorious Lecompton constitution, and place your
names on everlasting record as the aitZersand abet-
tors of an Executive who perverts and falsifies the
constitution and daily and audaciously connives at
all the matchless border-ruffian villainies of Kan-
sas, with a single eye to compel Kansas to submit
to a constitution not her own,and becomeaslave
State against her will?
And now, to cap the climax of absurdity and
wrong, you are to be disciplined, and, if possible,
reduced; and seduced to do an act that you could
never justify, the memory of which would haunt
you while you live.
Let it be known in all the North, nayy through
all the land, South and North, that not one Re-
publican member was found to falter, not one was
doubtful or missing, that every one was at his
post, by night or day, and stood by his integrity
to the last.
if a President with his Ilaynaus can be upheld
in this attempt to stifle liberty in Kansas, I trust
it will be done, if done it must be, by Democratic
votes, and none other.
Sir, if to fill the contract, and make the tally,
the President can find cringing doughfaces from
the North, though they hail from Democratic
ranks, may the Empire State be spared the sac-
rifice.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
the theme of Kansas, and her proposed admission
into the Union as a sovereign State, is well-nigh
exhausted. But so important is the subject to the
future of that infant community, and to the har-
mony of the Republic of which she is destined at
no distant day to become a part, and to such a
degree does it seem to occupy the public mind,
that I deem it my duty to inform this House and
the country of the reasons which force me to vote
as I must upon the distracting, and as some say
vital, questions involved.
No Representative upon this floor can disregard
the fact, that from the furthest North to the re-
motest South, from our homes upon the Atlantic
to the shores of the Pacific, an intelligent people,
for the most part, as I believe, loyal to the Con-
stitution, and sincerely attached to the institutions
which have, during the brief period of our na-
tional existence, elevated us to our place among
the nations of the earth, are themselves consider-
ing the question which is soon to be presented for
our determination. They watch our proceedings
with a well-directed eye; and they listen to our de-
bates with an interest not unmingled with alarm.
And well they may; for it has been more than once
asserted upon this floor, with a solemnity which
betokens determination, that this Union can no
longer exist if Kansas is denied admission under
the constitution which has been presented in her
behalf. We are informed, sir, by the resolutions
of sovereign and independent States, that the an-
nouncement of the result of our deliberations may
be the signal for the initiation of measures having
in view the establishment of a new and independ-
ent governmental organization within the borders
of the Federal Union.
^ Representatives of constituencies in those sover-
eign States—men of education and of patriotism—
have spoken in the language of unquestioned sin-
cerity, and have warned us of the dangers which
may flow from our unjust decision of a question
which it is alleged concerns the honor of their
people and the security of the institutions upon
which their prosperity rests.
If, sir, this be true; if the decision to which we
may arrive upon this, in my judgment, compara-
tively unimportant question, is to determine the
fate of the wonderful experiment of constitutional
government which for the past half century has
been written down in the world's history as suc-
cessful, well may that people, whose fathers ac-
quired their liberties amid the dangers of a rev-
olution, contemplate with unusual anxiety the
