1858.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
oOTH
Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
<• Rctoh-cd, That the people of Kansas Territory chum
the ns>ht, through a legal and lair expression of the will of
a majority of her citizens, to form and adopt a constitution
foi themselves."
It may well be averred that " Congress has no
rightful power under it to admit said Territory
into the Union as a State." And it may, with
still greater propriety, be asked by wliat rightful
power docs Congress propose to force Kansas
into the Union against her will? Why drown the
voice of four-fifths of the people of Kansas, and
do for her what she has not done for herself, and
that is, to make a constitution for her and compel
her to receive it? If this is to be done, let it be
done under the name of congressional non-inter-
vention. Let it be done by the Democratic party
of this country; let it be done by the southern
portion of that party; let it stand forth as the last
and latest commentary upon the doctrine of "con-
gressional non-intervention with slavery in the
States and Territories."
Governor Hammond's views on this subject are
brilliant and clearly expressed. lie meets the
question just as it is, and with manly courage dis-
poses of it as becomes a modern Democrat. He
says:
" If this was a minority constitution I do not know that
that would be an objection to it. Constitutions <ne mailt;
for minorities. Perhaps inirtoiities ousdit to huve the uajht
to make constitutions, for they aie admmibtcied by major-
ities."
This may be very good Democracy, but it is not
exactly Cincinnati-platform Democracy, so far as
I understand it. Does the South now again pro-
pose to disregard wholly the will of tiie inhabitants
of the Territories, and that Congress shall give
not only lawsto the Territories, butconstitutions
for the new States? Before this is clone it might
be well for gentlemen to look to the results of the
next census, to the time when the race of dough-
faces will be extinct, and when the power of legis-
lation may be m the hands of non-slaveholding
States, and when the examples now set may be
followed to its utmost results. Sir, disguise it as
you may, the plain simple proposition, divested
of all its fraudulent robes and fal.se pretenses, is
whether Congress will usurp the power of making
a constitution unalterable for seven years to come,
and force Kansas into the Union under it?
Why, if this has been determined on, did you
not divide Texas into four or five more States,
bring up New Mexico as another, and have Ne-
braska and Arizona all organized as slave States
with constitutions unalterable for twenty years to
come, and admit them all together? This might be
done, and not one half the evidence to prove the
fraud that now stales us in the face in relation to
Kansas. And could not a few more Calhouns
have been found to distribute over these Territo-
ries, ready and willing to make these new States
with constitutions to order ?
Does any member of the Administration party
in this House doubt what the people of Kansas
wouid do if left to themselves " perfectly free to
form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way Then let him vote with us to
send this question back to the people for their free
choice of a constitution for themselves. Will any
member of this House refuse, and for what rea-
son will he refuse? Will it not be for the same
reason that the Lecompton convention refused to
submit the question to the people, and that was,
that this rascality would, in that event, be de-
feated ? The result will be left in no uncertainty.
I desire to see Kansas a free 6tate; my constitu-
ents desire it, and I am bound to use all fair means
in my power to accomplish it; I will go for results
icgardless of words or forms. I cannot now here,
by my own vote, make her a free State. T will
delegate the power to her as my agent, and she
will have both the power and the will to do it.
She has battled with this question of slavery for
four years, against border ruffians, southern cut-
throats, against the oppressions and wrongs of
a ruthless Administration against all odds. Her
honor and her interests are all at hazard, and she
has a greater and stronger interest in the question
than I have. The friends of freedom there have suf-
fered everything but martyrdom, and some have
suffered even that. Then why not trust them :
A Democrat cloaked by his name and profes-
sions of bowing at all times to the people's will, j
and of leaving ihem " perfectly free to regulate !
theirdomesticinstitutions in their own way,"may
refuse, but those who do not wear this name and
the cloak which tins name gives, are compelled !
to wear the substance and maintain the cause of '
popular freedom. Unfortunately for the honor of
this country the history of Kansas is written and
it cannot now be blotted out. Every step m its
onward march, from the date of the organization
of the Territory until this day, is a step marked,
and that step may now be traced by a fraud, a
forgery, a wrong, a robbery, a plunder,a violence,
a murder, an assassination—a people ruled by op-
pression, overawed by bayonets; houses plun-
dered and burnt, towns sacked,peaceable citizens
driven from the Territory; the roads, rivers, and
avenues leading to the Territory blocked up, emi-
grants turned wick, and leave to enter the Terri-
tory refused;and all this done and suffered by the
connivance of the past and present Administra-
tions. The picture would not be complete with-
out this crowning act of infamous injustice, of
forcing upon them a slavery constitution, by first
making the people themselves slaves.
No gentleman can shut his eyes to the great
question of political power lying at the bottom of
this great effort to make Kansas a slave State.
Look at a few passages in the speech of Govern-
or Hammond. He says:
" The Senator from New York says that that is about to
be at an end ; that you intend to take the Government fiom
us ; that it will puss from our hands. Perhaps what he says
is true ; it may be, but do not toiyet—it can ncvei he forgot-
ten ; it is wntten on the briffhto^t pacje of human in-tor} —
th.it we, tiie slaveholder of the Houth, took om rouutiy in
infancy, and after lulnig her lor sixty years out of the sev-
enty yours of her exigence, we shall sunender her to jou
without a stain upon hei honoi, and boundless m pio>per-
ity, incalculable m tier «nen«th, tlx1 wonder ami the adnn-
i at ion of the wotld. Tune will '-how what vou will nmko
of hei, hut no time can ever diminish oui gloiy oi your re-
sponsibility."
Again, he says:
" But what guarantee have we, when you have this Gov-
ernment hi yoiu pos-se-.-ion in itll it< departments, even if
we submit quietly to what the Senator exhorts us to sub-
mit to—the concentration of slavery in its pi esent territory,
and even to the i economiction oi the Supi erne Ooiuf—that
you will not plunder us with tanlfs, that jou will not ban'k-
lupt us with internal improvements?"
Yes, sir, it is very plain that the Government
must remain in the hands of the slaveholders, or
if we take it we 7iiust give security for our good be-
havior. It may be we will give thorn that security;
the whole sum and substance of which is, that
the South shall be allowed to make as many more
slave Stales us may be nr-cessary, at all times, to
maintain the control of the Government m the
hands of the slaveholders. This is to be done re-
gardless of population. The States must be made,
population or no population. The slave States
now have only one third part of the population
of the nation; but their equality must be main-
tained in the Senate, where the slaveholders are
to exercise a veto power upon the legislation of
the country—a veto upon all the appointments
and patronage of the country. This is modest,
and most decidedly cool. We, the slaveholders,
he says, have ruled you for sixty years. They
who constitute one fortieth part of the population
of this country shall have their power perpetuated.
This may be Democracy. If it is, 1 know it is
not so written m their platform; and were it not
historically true in the past, and had it not been so
often and continually claimed for the future, it
might be ascribed to the ravings of a madman..
I regret to hear any anti-Lecompton Democrat
complain of being read out of the paity for his
course on the Kansas question. It should be re-
membered that at no time during the last or pres-
ent Administrations has any Democrat been al-
lowed to setup his own judgment, his honor, or
his conscience, against the wishes of the Presi-
dent or the party on Kansas affairs. Have not
offenses of this kind been uniformly punished by
dismissal from office and exclusion from the ranks
of the party ? Was it not for such offenses that
the first, second, and third Governors of Kansas
were lemoved—Reeder,Shannon, Geary, all read
out of the party ? Yes; it was for honorable ad-
herence to the instructions of the President that
Walker and Stanton were forced out of office.
The President himself came very near being read
out of the party for instructing Walker to use his
influence to cause the Lecompton constitution to ;
be submitted to a vote of the people. But the ;
President silenced his scruples of conscience, if
he had any; obsequiously asked pardon, forced
Walker and Stanton out of office, and restored
himself to favor; and having done so himself, ex-
pects all others to follow the example.
Let it be remembered by the people of this
country, that, while men are every day read out
of their party for refusing to do its dirty work,
and for honorable, manly, and independent op-
position to the despotism of party desperation,
there is no example of any man, high or low,
being read out of his party for loathsome and syc-
ophantic subserviency.
I have referred to the pledges of the Democratic
party, as a party, to the claim set up of having
inaugurated a new territorial policy far more lib-
eral than any ever before offered to the people of
this country; to the pledges and claims of its news-
paper press; to the speeches of its leading men;
the inaugural address of the Chief Magistrate,
and to his official correspondence with Governor
Walker. These pledges now all broken, trodden
under foot and despised; and this proposition, (to
admit as it is pretended,) but in fact, to forcc Kan-
sas against her will into the Union under the Le-
compton constitution, with slavery provided for
and perpetuated by it, deserves to be met, not with
argument, but with denunciation; and denuncia-
tion in language far more harsh and severe than
the usages and proprieties of this Hall will permit.
To call it a fraud, a chcat, a conspiracy against
popular rights, fails to do justice to the subject or
to characterize the outrage.
We have been told by at least twenty southern
gentlemen here in this House of Representatives,
that if we Republicans will not agree to admit
Kansas into the Union under the Lecompton con-
stitution, that, well and dearly as they always
have and still do, and as the South always has
loved and cherished the Union, they will feel com-
pelled to advise the South to withdraw from the
Union and defend their rights to the last extrem-
ity. Will they go home and hold another south-
ern Hartford convention ? And why is this folly to
be perpetrated, and why is it threatened ? For no
otherreason,in fact,than thattheRepublican Rep-
resentatives, and a few of the free-State Demo-
crats in this Hall, will not compel Kansas to come
into the Union with a slavery constitution, while
four fifths of her people are opposed to it. And
these gentlemen constitute the choice spirits of
the southern Democracy. They are the Union
savers—the national men—the deadly enemies of^
sectionalism. They are the patriots of this coun-
try. Whether this patriotism is of that quality
which has been defined to be " the last refuge of a
scoundrel" or not, 1 leave the country to decide.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. W. L. UNDERWOOD,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
March 30, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. UNDERWOOD said:
Mr. Chairman: I rise to essay no effort at elo-
cution, nor any extended observations upon tho
vexed question of Kansas. Contemplating that
question from a pomtof view diffeiing from that
of most if not all others that have addressed you ,
entertaining m rcgaul to it opinions that have not
yet found expression, duty to myself demands
that f should announce the reasons that shall con-
trol my action.
To those who know me at home I shall have
no occasion to defend myself against any charge
of intentional infidelity to the South and her cher-
ished institutions. From the dawn of my humble
political career until now, they have had no more
devoted friend than I. Born in a slave State,
having lived in one all my life, a large owner of
slaves, and representing one of the laigcst slavo
districts m the Union, it would be nothing short,
of impossibility for me to become faithless to us
real interests. I have heretofore expressed my
opinions on this floor with sufficient fullness upon
the subject of the relations of master and slave.
1 will not repeat them. It is sufficient for me to
say, that I honestly regard them as the bestpos-
