1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1307
hazards to be incurred in the new one which thus
threatens to break upon their repose.
I have not time, sir, to speak of the Union as
I would like to speak, nor will I attempt to re-
hearse the unwelcome but familiar story of the
causes which have led to an estrangement which
satisfies my mind that this gloomy foreboding
may, perhaps, be no idle dream. I shall ffot en-
deavor to point out, as I think I might, where this
fearful alienation of national affection began, or
speculate where it may end. I shall make no
charges of wrong or injustice; answer no threats;
nor, if I can avoid it, utter a word to awaken one
single sentiment of unkindness; but shall hasten
to place upon record the views which I entertain
upon the question to which I have proposed to
address myself, with that frankness which should
characterize a Representative of the people in his
place upon this floor.
Mr. Chairman, I am a northern man, and do
not feel that I have a right to boast of exemption
from the influence of those prejudices which spring
to the human heart from the scenes by which in-
fancy was surrounded. I disclaim the power to
discard from memory the teachings of youth, or
to repel the impressions made by the experience
of a life not eventful, but which has, nevertheless,
afforded no inconsiderable opportunity for refiec-.
tion. I love and revere my native North; and
when I hear her assailed, when I hear her insti-
tutions and her people brought in ungrateful con-
trast with those of the South, my heart would
leap to her defense. I review her history; and
remembering nothing upon a single page which
brings dishonor upon her fame, I am at loss to
account for the spirit of those who accuse her. I
reflect with natural pride upon her institutions,
and the wealth and the power which they have
created; and rejoice, rather than deplore, that
prosperity has resulted to the people of the South
from other institutions specially adapted to their
more genial clime; and believing, as I ever have
believed, that the immense development of mate-
rial wealth, and the vast sum of individual hap-
piness of which, as a nation, we can boast, have
resulted from our national Union, I have assumed
that North and South would remain forever com-
bined, for the preservation of that common Gov-
ernment which furnished its just and equal pro-
tection to the whole.
Mr. Chairman, as it seems to be not unusual for
gentlemen upon this floor to acquaint each other
with their political views preliminarily to the dis-
cussion of this controverted question, I may be
permitted to state, that I am one of that Demo-
cratic party of the North which has been often
beaten and torn in its struggles for the mainten-
ance of the constitutional rights of the South, un-
til we have been, as it were, driven to take refuge
within the walls of our northern cities. The dis-
trict which I have the honor to represent embraces
a population as great as, if not greater than, any
other constituency in the Union, and perhaps con-
tains more of the product of our prosperous for-
eign and domestic commerce. It is the site of
palaces of almost imperial wealth, as well as the
abode of unambitious poverty. And I venture to
assert that no man in this House is responsible
for his public acts to a constituency embracing a
largeramount of educated, intelligent, right-mind-
ed men. The political condition ofthe country is
a matter of their daily observation; and as con-
nected with the protection of the vast capital and
industry which they employ, and its results, they
exact from their Representative upon this, as well
as upon every other question of national OSncern-
ment, the mostcareful, fearless, and conscientious
discharge of duty. In respect to our national
Union, and the importance of its preservation in
unbroken integrity, but one sentiment pervades
her people. Upon that subject, reference to which
seems inevitable in every discussion connected
with the formation of territorial government, the
admission of a new State, or the extension of our
dominions; and no section of the Union has a
more direct and material interest in every new
annexation of territory, they are eminently na-
tional and just.
While common candor compels me to say that
the teachings of my youth left no impressions
favorable to the institution of slavery, and in-
stilled no learning to justify the opinion frequently
asser ted upon this floor, that its influences upon
the civilization of a people are compensatory for
those repelling features which are said to be in-
separable from its existence, I can, nevertheless,
with equal candor, assert, that in respect to that
institution wherever it exists, and in respect to
the rights of the owners of slaves to an equal and
just participation in all the advantages of our ter-
ritorial acquisitions, I have never, since the hour
of earliest manhood, entertained but one senti-
ment; and that sentiment was and is, that interfer-
ence with it where it exists would be an outrage;
and that to deny to the slaveholding States equal
privileges of emigration with slaves to o ir terri-
torial possessions, would be a wrong, to which a
i people conscious of their rights and capable of
asserting them could not be expected to submit.
Such I believe to be the universal sentiment of the
northern Democracy upon this subject—a senti-
ment which no northern or southern fanaticism
can weaken or destroy.
The northern Democracy occupy a middle
ground between two parties which appear to have
taken form—the one regarding the extension of
slavery, and the other the prohibition of such ex-
tension, as the object of their political organiza-
tion. While they stand pledged to the mainten-
ance of the constitutional rights of the South in
respect to territory already acquired, or hereafter
to be acquired, they are not committed, nor are
they to be committed, to measures having solely
in view the extension of the institution of slavery.
While they are favorably inclined to the acqui-
sition of Cuba and such other southern territory
as can be acquired without violence to the princi-
ples of international law, they would not regard
the existence of slavery in Cuba or in such other
southern territory, or the liability to Us extension
and continued existence, which may result from
the special adaptedness of soil and climate to that
particular species of agricultural labor, a barrier
to such acquisition.
I may also be permitted to say that, in conjunc-
tion with vast numbers of men at the North who
gave their adherence to the principle of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, when, by the votes of south-
ern men, it became incorporated, so to speak, in
our system of territorial law, I was distrustful of
its practical working. Not intending to assert the
power of prophecy, I thought 1 foresaw that it
threw open our Territories to just such a struggle
as has been witnessed in Kansas. No man who had
observed the character of the emigration, whose
tide, setting in from the Old World, seems resist-
less as the flow of the occan, or who luid contem-
plated the repugnance to the institution ofslavciy,
which, it is not to be denied, pervades to a great
extent the hills and valleys of the North—an an-
tipathy which, in very many instances, results
from a moral conviction which no argument can
reach, and in many more from a thirst for the
acquisition of political power which the spirit of
patriotism is unable to subdue—could have failed
to reflect that this subjection of common territory
to an unequal struggle for its occupation might
work injustice to the South. It surrendered the
power which Congress might have exercised to
secure the territorial rights of both the North and
the South by positive law, to the uncertain and
dangerous issue of a race of emigration between
the North and the South, while, from the peculiar
character of our people, and the difference in their
dispositions to abandon an old and seek a new
home, and the difference m their facilities for the
conversion of property into money, the North, in
my judgment, had unquestionably the advantage.
The more adventurous spirit of the North breaks
away easily from the home of childhood. It
cheerfully encounters greater risks; while, on the
other hand, the proprietor of slaves, with attach-
ments to the scenes of his youth less readily sun-
dered, more deliberately contemplates the greater
change to his social and domestic relations which
must follow the establishment of a new home in
a wilderness or among strangers.
The passion for land speculation which per-
vades our people—well illustrated in Kansas,
whose Territorial Legislature have just removed
their seat of government from the place where it
had been located by law, and where Congress had
recently expended a considerable sum of money
in appropriate improvements, to a spot remote
from its settlements, and capable of being ascer-
tained only by the aid of natural landmarks and
the theodolite—leads to the temporary occupation
of our Territories by men who never contemplate
remaining longer than to iftvigorate themselves
for a new chase after the site of some future city*
The waste and squander of our public lands, and
the facilities which the manufacture of new States,
and our liberal and reckless grants of the national
poraain to.encourage every scheme which prom-
ises to rise to the dignity of a successful specu;
lation, furnish aliment to this love.of adventure^
and swell the flow of emigration. These, and
other circumstances which i would state if I had
the time, have, in my judgment, conspired to ver-
ify the prediction of thousands of intelligent.men
at the North, who feared that the final adjustment
of the slavery question upon the principles of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, like every other adjust-
ment of that question which we have yet made,
would inevitably lead to nerwer difficulties and
still more serious complications. Notwithstand-
ing these just apprehensions, the Democratic
party of the North united with the Democratic
party of the South in giving in their adherence to
this new and untried doctrine. Sir, I gave my
individual adherence, not without reluctance, and
solely for the reason that it seemed apparent that
the growing sentiment of our northern people in
favor of the exclusion of slave emigration, and
the predominance in the popular branch of Con-
gress of Representatives from non-slaveholding
States, required some new, even if experimental,
mode of stilling the clamors which then, as now,
were supposed to endanger the harmony of our
people.
Mr. Chairman, inasmuch as the Democratic
party has thus solemnly adopted this principle
and avowed it to the country; having declared it
upon the records of the conventionatCincinnati;
having conducted the late presidential campaign
upon it; and having brought into power an Ad-
ministration who recognize it as a binding and
valid principle of Democratic faith—speaking for
myself alone, and not assuming to give advice to
others—I will say that I regard my personal honor
and political intcgrityas pledged to my constitu-
ency to carry it out in the most perfect good faith.
Itisdue to the distinguished authors ofthat meas-
ure, be they northern men or southern men*, itis
due to the Congress of 1854, who recorded that
principle in the organic law of Kansas, that, in
this instance, at least, it shall, at all events, have a ~
fair test and an impartial trial.
But, Mr. Chairman, I must hasten to present
my views in respect to the proposed admission
of Kansas with the Lecompton constitution. In
doing so, I shall, I fear, disappoint those of my
] constituents who had hoped that I would, in no
event, give my vote for her admission. I shall
also, I apprehend, disappoint any who may have
expected that I would give my assent to her
unqualified admission, right or wrong, without
regard to the circumstances surrounding the case,
to which I shall now proceed to advert.
The substitution of the principle of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill for the doctrine of the right and
power of Congress to enforce the elaims of the
respective sections of the Union to territorial priv-
ileges, constituted a new era in our national pol-
itics, and ex propi'io vigore enacted a new set of
rules applicable to the subject of the admission
of new States formed out of such Territories. It
cannot be controverted that the Constitution
of the United States is silent as to the mode by
which, the time at which, and the circumstances
under which, new States may be admitted, with
the limited exception prohibiting their erection
within the juiisdiction of any other State, or their
formation by the junction of two or more States
without the consent of their respective Legisla-
tures, and of Congress. The case at hand was
evidently unforeseen. It is clear to my mind that
the fr^mers of the Constitution had not in view
our subsequent vast acquisition of foreign terri-
tory, or their wisdom would have provided some
mode by which we should have been spared the
terrible convulsions to which the subject gives
rise. I cannot conceive that it could then have
been expected that the institution of domestic sla-
very should be driven from the confines of the
Republic. The prohibition of the power to pre^
vent the importation for a term of years, the clause
providing for the restoration of fugitives, and the
previous adjustment of the question of slavery,
as to the territory northwest of the Ohio, satisfy
my mind that it was contemplated that slavery
should cpntinue to exist within the Union*, but it
