2332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
But, sir, when you come to inquire into the !
election, it is quire different. The Limes, piaccs, |
and modes of holding, and the qualifications of its i
officers, <as prescribed by law> enter into the very 1
essence of an election; are indispensable to its
validity; and the fact of the election does not ex-
ist unless these are substantially carried oat. And
hence, whilst Congress has been very liberal in
waiving the mistakes or neglect of returning offi-
cers—the officers duly appointed—it has ever been
jealously rigid in enforcing the law in relation to
'theclection. i will refer gentlemen to a case which
occurred in the Fourth Congress, of which many
of the framcrs of the Constitution were members,
and anions them James Madison. In that case
the very principle is laid down which I contend
for; it is almost a paralltl with the case under con-
sideration. I refer to the case of Jackson vs.
Wayne, (Contested Elections, page 47.) In that
case it was held that—
" WUeie the law lequiied the election to be held by three
magistrates) an election held by three persons, two of V'honi
were not magistrate?.) should be set aMdc."
In another case it was decided that—
" YVlieie the selectmen are returning officer?, an election
conducted by persons who are not duly elected selectmen,
the proceedings of the persons thus assuming to act will be
void."'
There are many other cases directly in point,
which I have not time to refer to.
The case quoted by the gentleman from Indi-
ana to show that the acts of an officer de facto are
valid as to third persons, is wholly inapplicable.
It wa^ a case of quo warranto m a court of com-
mon law; and ihe language of the judge demon-
strates, more clearly than anything; I can say, the
utter inapplicability of the decision to the case of
an ordinary contested election:
" The if^ult of an election, when controverted in court,
is like a judnuiCM sued upon. (t~e time no power to ir-
ver*se it foi onoi s in eon ducting it, and thus give those con-
cerned in it a letnal."'
Is this true of a contested election in Congress.
Why, sir, nothing is more common than for (Ins
House to review the proceedings of those who
conduct the elections, and to reverse their judg-
ments. Analogies drawn there from the practice
of common law" courts of limited jurisdiction are
hardly applicable to a body like ours, made by
the Constitution judges of the election, returns, and
qualifications of its own members. The words of
the Constitution are broad and comprehensive,
and embrace within their scope every subject and ]
question connected wifh membership. We are
judges not oft he returns and qualifications merely, |
'butof the election of members. We can go be- i
hind the letin us and inquue info the elections and
into the qualifications ot the officers, and set aside
their acts if they be not duly qualified. It is a
high and important power, Mr, 1 admit. Theie
is, peihaps, nowhere in the Constitution a power
conferred upon the Government, or any ot its de-
partments, more important and delicate. And,
sir, in the hands of a corrupt and factious major-
ity, it might be made a dangerous instrument ot
oppression; for it opens an avenue through which
Federal power can effect an entiance right into
the heart of a State, and going behind thcacts of
its authorities, march up to the very fountains of
political power. And hence I lespond fully to the
scntimentof the gentleman, that we should decide
these questions impai tmily,and without reference
to party prejudices. Sir., he who would drag such
a question into the arena of party debate, miles
with the i ights of the people. The member who,
in this matter, is prompted by any motive less
pure than truth; who raises his voice or gives his
vote with even a glancing thought of party pi ofir,
is untrue to the high responsibilities ot his posi-
tion, and guiltv ot" crimen* husoi majcstatii.
Mr. TOViPKINS. Will the gentleman dis-
franchise the people of a county, township^ or
precinct, simply be.eause there was some infor-
mality in appointing one of thejudgos of election >
Mr. LAMAR. "*1 must confess that I have
spoken to very li t tie purpose if I have no t answered
Lhe gentleman's question already. But 1 think I
might say to the gentleman, and to those who
have argued the question on that side, when they
complain of setting aside an election by the people
on account of technicalities, el tu, B) ute/ for every
objection urged by tiiem is technical. The argu-
ments relied upon by thein would deprive the
contestant of ins seat, even though the evidence
had shown him entitled to a by a majority of one
thousand votes. Why, sir, all their points are
technical, and some of them barely rise to the
dignity of a technicality. When they complain
of technicality, therefore, let them remember that
" they that take the sword shall perish with the
sword."
But, sir, I tell the gentleman that the absence
of all authority in the presiding officer at an elec-
tion is something more than a mere informality.
It is of essence. What is an election by ballot
but a choice of the Representative in the mode
prescribed by law. In reply to the statement of
the other gentleman from Ohio, that there was a
tacit election and no objection made to Sullivan's
acting, I have to say that there was objection
made, as appears in the testimony. But, sir, I
hold that the people cannot by acquiescence waive
the forms of an election as prescribed by law.
They cannot elect viva voce, if the law prescribes
ballot. They cannot acquiesce in an illegal alter-
ation of the time, and hold a valid election on a
day different from that appointed by law. And
so with any other requirement of the law. Sir,
this right of Suffrage is a conventional right—the
cicature of law, and those who exeicise it must
exercise it subject to the conditions and restric-
tions which the law throws around it.
The disregaul of the wholesome restrictions of
the law is the vice of the present age; a symptom
of the decay of public order and public virtue in
our country.
Now as to the effect of this election. I think
that, inasmuch as the majority of the sitting mem-
ber is greater in the second ward iharf in the dis-
trict, it cleai iy invalidates his right to the seat now
in contest. But I admit it does not strengthen,
in the slightest degree, the title of the contestant.
Ho can claim nothing from it; he can get no ben-
efit from it; for, in order to show him entitled to
the seat, he must show his affiimative right by a
majority of all the votes in (he district. If he has
not a majority over the sitting member, of all the
votes, including those cast in the second ward of
Dayton, I am willing to set aside the election, and
send it back to the people.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the gentleman leaves
that point, I would like to say a word.
Mr. LAMAR. I understand that half of my
time has expired, and 1 hope the gentleman will
allow me to proceed without interruption. I think
1 have been veiy liberal in yielding the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly. I only wished
to call the gentleman's attention to the proof upon
that point.
Mr. LAMAR. I will now pay my respects to
the gentleman from Ohio, and leplyto his review
of the report of the minority with whom I act.
Mr. PHILLIPS. With the peinitssion of the
gentleman, 1 desire to say a word, as 1 was one
of those who joined in his report. There is noth-
ing in the report upon that question; that vote of
that ward in Dayton is not counted, and with my
consent it would not have been. 1 recognize the
light of officers de ftcto. As that matter has been
referred to, it, may have been supposed by some
that it would affect the result, it w not so.
lVIr. LAMAR. I have so understood and so
stated. 1 will only say in reply, that in a con-
tested-election case the officer dcjucto is held to
be acting de jwe until the contraiy appeals, and
that then his acts are not recognized as good and
valid . Now, as to the argument of the gentleman
from Ohio. He has with a great ded of confidence
taken up the report, and ridiculed the fact, that
of alums I repot t the same number of illegal votes
for the sitting member and for the contestant, and
with an air of triumph, exclaims, "so far there-
suit is not changed." He then takes up the votes
of minors, and shows that according to my report
more mmois voted for the contestant than foi the
sitting member; and with the same air of exult-
ation exclaims, "tins gives Campbell one more
vote than he came with. " And so he goes on, until
he gets to the votes of the non-residents of the
State, and he seems to consider it a great triumph
over me that I had deducted as many illegal votes
fiom the poll of the contestant as from that of the
sitting member. The surprise the gentleman man
ifested was natural; but I can give him a ciew to
my conduct, by telling him that I deducted ille-
gal votes without leference to the pel son for whom
they were given; and that I was as careful to de-
duct the illegal votes cast for the contestant as I
was to deduct those which weie cast ibr the sit-
ting member. I might say, if I were inclined to
say a bitter thing, that 
Mr. BINGHAM. My criticism was confined
exclusively to the remai ks of the contestant.
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman spokt, of Mr.
Lamar, thus violating the rules of the House, in
his allusion to me. All T have to say is, that I de-
ducted illegal votes impartially; and if the gentle-
man cailnot understand the motive which prompt-
ed me to do so, allow me to say that we act from
very different motives.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 must disclaim expressing
any surprise at the sense of justice manifested by
the gentleman. I deny that there was anything
in my language that would imply it. I limited my
criticism to the contestant, m attempting to show
himself elected, by adopting, for thatpuipose, the
merest hearsay, much of which, if it tended to
prove anything, tended to prove that the contest-
ant was not elected.
Mr. HILL. I also misunderstood the gentle-
man from Ohio. I understand him to say now,
that, taking the report of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi as the basis of argument, the conclusions
he would derive from it would be different from
those deduced by the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. BINGHAM. And the matter I dwelt upon-
with surprise was, that the contestant should at-
tempt to get up an election of himself by sny such
procedure or by any such incompetent or illegal
evidence.
Mr. LAMAR. I accept the gentleman's dis-
claimer with pleasure. If I am not mistaken,
however, the gentleman alsg  applied the words
"perpetrate an outiage upon the rights of the
silting member" to those of us who sustain ihe
claim of the contestant. That may not be an
offensive imputation according to the Ohio stand-
ard of etiquette, though it is considered so in Mis-
sissippi.
But I will take the gentleman upon his own ar-
gument. Headmitsihatmy report,untilitcomes
to the votes of non-residents, brings out the sit-
ting member only one msjoiny ahead.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not admit the fact to
be proved, by any means, that ihe siding member
had but one majority, or that the fifteen negroes
and mulattoes euhci voted in fact, or that they
voted for the sitting member.
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman said he would
take my own report and prove the title of the sit-
ting member. Until I come down to the votes of
" non-residents of the State," he admits that, ac-
cording to my showing, th" sitting member is only
one ahead. The votes of the negroes and mulat-
toes are included m that calculation. He then
defies me to show, by any positive proof, what
non-resident votes ought to be deducted from the
poll of the sitting member. I will show by ihe
highest authority that there were non-resident
votes lhatoughtto be deducted. Jf you will read
from the ropoi t of the g< mJeman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Gilmer,] you will find that he de-
ducts from the poll of ihe sifting Member the voles
of Hudson Geoige, A. U. Rxc, J. b\ Monis, 3.
T. Sage, J. M. Morrison, Samuel J. tLnkes,
George So w bray, Derrick Bar kalow, James Paine,
making, m all, nine deducted for "on-residence*
Tills gives a maj >rity of eight for the contestant.
Mr. TvilPPE. In that, j suppose, you esti-
mate the fifteen negro votes?
Mr. LAMAR. 1 do.
Mr. TRlPPli. Well, [ find on pag« 9 of the
repoit made by yourselves that the witness Mni-
lyneaux is represented as saying that the twelve
colored men were brought up by the fnends of
Lewis D. Campbell, and that the Democratic
party objected. On Jook.ngat the testimony, page
123, the witness you lefer to only says that he
saw two vote; and that h.s statement ns to the
friends of the out. party or the li i * j n ■ is u f i lie oth' r
party agreeing to or opposing them lespectivcly,
was as to these two. The statement of the com
Ymttee is made to cover the whole twelve, is there
any other testimony than that of W. J. Molly-
neanx on that point?
Mr. LAMAR. There is; I shall have to thiow
myself on the indulgence of the House for the
want of connection whi'-h must appear m my
argument by these frequent interruptions. I am
now on a point wholly different from tnat of ihe
testimony by which negroes ate piovd io have
voted. I will come to that, and cousidui it heic-
aftei\
