1B08
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
seems to have been impossible that it could have
beenforeseenthatnewand foreign territory should
be acquired by purchase oat of the common Treas-
ury, for the occupancy of which proprietors and
non-proprietors of slaves might be brought in con-
flict, nor was there any ground for the apprehen-
sion that any new Territory would be the scene
of a contest for political power.
This silence of the Constitution as to the terms
upon which new States may be admitted into the
Union, and the language in which thepowerto
admit them is contained, in my judgment, from
the necessity of the case leaves the whole subject
to the discretion of Congress, subject to no re-
straints, beyond those which it may self-impose,
for the accomplishment of the great purposes for
which the Constitution was formed. Congress
having never by general law attempted to regulate
the subject, and its usage, in respect of the cir-
cumstances of admission, not having been uni-
form, it is obvious that the whole question re-
mains open for adjustment from time to time, as
may be required by the exigencies of each partic-
ular case. There is, in my opinion, not one sin-
gle word in the Constitution giving countenance
to the suggestion that any new State can claim
admission as matter of right, or that the largest
liberty should not be exercised by Congress in its
decision of all such applications for admission.
And here permit me to advert to the assertion so
frequently made, and as constantly assumed to be
incontrovertible, that Congress is prohibited by
the terms of the Federal compact from looking
at the constitution of a new State applying for
admission beyond the point essential to determine
whether the form of government it prescribes is
or is not republican. I can find no such prohi-
bition in the constitution; nor can I discover any
principle from which such prohibition can be in-
ferred. The clause which declares that the Uni-
ted States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of government is evi-
dently applicable to the case of domestic revolu-
tion occurring after admission, and to the contin-
gency of invasion or domestic violence. It is
manifest that itcould not have been contemplated
that any State in the Union should have a form
of government otherwise than republican; but
there is no limitation, express or implied, upon
the power and the duty of Congress, when intro-
ducing a new State to share the privileges and
enjoy the protection of the Constitution, to look
to the substance and far beyond the form.
To illustrate my meaning—suppose that a State
should apply for admission into the Union with
a republican form of government, and with a
constitution" establishing some mode of admin-
istering justice at variance with any now recog-
nized by the civilized world: would it be seriously
contended that, notwithstanding this, the United
States were bound to accede to such application,
while by an express provision of the Constitution
of the United States full faith and credit is re-
quired to be given to the judicial proceedings of
such new State? Would tins Congress regaid
itself as obligated, by such act of admission, to
compel the thirty-one States of the Union to en-
force m then own tribunals, and without review,
and that, too, against their own citizcns and their
property, decrees and judgments rendered not in
accordance with the forms of law, nor in conso-
nance with our commonly received notions of nat-
ural justice ?
But the Kansas-Nebraska bill has, in the most
explicit terms, provided that any State or States
formed out of the Territory embraced m the act,
shall be received into the Union with or without
slavery, us their constitution may prescribe. It
has become, therefore, the law of the Federal
Union, in respect of that Territory, that the ex-
istence or non-existence of the institution of sla-
very, cannot be the subject of inquiry or objec-
tion on an application of any State for admission.
Hence the arguments which have been presented
on this floor, for and against the institution of
slavery, although eloquent andinstructive, appear
to me to be altogether aside from the issue.
^ Upon the application made in behalf of Kan-
sas for admission into the Union, under the Le-
compton constitution, several inquiries naturally
present themselves, each of which should, in my
judgment, be answered. They all arise upon
every application for the admission of a new
State, and I do not recognize any existing pres-
j sure which, in this particular instance, should
relieve from the scrutiny. These inquiries aq/3
the following:.
1. Have her proceedings been sufficiently reg-
ular to authorize her admission without a viola-
tion of principles already established, or which
should be applied in case of every application of
a new State for admission?
2. Has she the requisite population; and have
that population the requisite degree of stability
and order to justify her admission ?
3 Is the application for her admission that of
the people of Kansas or of individuals who, against
the remonstranccof her people, have presented it
in her name?
4. Has a constitution been made by that peo-
ple; and are there State officers in existence,
! elected by that people, entitled and competent to
assume the discharge of their executive duties
upon the supercession of the territorial govern-
ment, which must instantly result from the act of
admission?
Mr. Chairman, I shall proceed to consider the
subject-matter of these several inquiries, and
| because of the limitation of my time, without
strict reference to the order in which I have stated
them.
It must be conceded that,as I have before stated,
there is no prescribed rule as to the proceedings
initiatory to the formation of a new Slate. They
have been admitted where the preliminary steps
have been regular and where they have been con-
fessedly irregular; with and without enabling acts;
and with and without what, in my judgment, is
a requisite population. While there can be no
doubt of the very great propriety of requiring an
enabling act, and a strict compliance with its pro-
visions, as preliminary to the formation of a State
government; it nevertheless has impressed me
that, in view of the recent admission of Califor-
nia with a constitution formed by a drum-head
convention, it wouid be ungracious to insist that
in this, the first application since that event for the
admission of a State with a constitution contain-
; ing a slavery clause, there should, of necessity,
have been an enabling act, and a rigid adherence
to its provisions. I canuotconceive that the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill itself can properly be regarded
as an enabling act. It contains no semblance of
authority for the formation of a State government.
It simply created-a temporary government for a
district of territory, reserving the power of the
subsequent division of it into two or more Terri-
toriest and of attaching any portion of it to any
other State or Territory at such time as Congress
should deem expedient. It is, therefore, entirely
competent for Congress, at any time prior to its
absorption into a sovereign State, to divide it
into two or more Territories, which would subse-
quently be entitled to admission into the Union as
two or more States How can this power of di-
vision exist in conjunction with the stipulation to
admit the whole into the Union as a single State
upon compliance with its provisions as an ena-
bling act? And if the act is an enabling act, such
a stipulation is to be implied. If it was an ena-
bling act, the few hundred people scattered over
hrr plains were authoiized at once to form a con-
stitution and State government; and although
hardly sufficient in number to fill the executive
and legislative offices, to prescribe for all time to
come the character of the institutions of that vast
region of territory. No such design could have
been intended, and none such is fairly inferable
from the provisions of the act. But this result is
1 by no means fatal to her application for admis-
! sion, for it is wholly within the discretion of Con-
gress to reduce the dimensions of the proposed
State, and to give consent to the application for
admission, notwithstanding the absence of an en-
abling act.
It appears that the Territorial Legislature cre-
ated by her organic law, of their own motion,
and without the consent of Congress, submitted
to the people, at popular elections, the determin-
ation of the question whether a State government
should be formed; and an affirmative vote having
been given, subsequently enacted a law for a con-
vention to frame a constitution; and the constitu-
tion alleged to have been formed at such conven-
tion is submitted to Congress as the constitution
of Kansas.
It is suggested, among other things, that the
Territorial Legislature by which these proceed-
ings were initiated were not the fairly-chosen rep-
resentatives of the people of Kansas; that gross
irregularities took place in the apportionment for
members of the convention; and that multiplied
frauds characterized each and every of the elec-
tions-occurring prior to the consummation of the
work of the convention. It seems to me that these
several allegations, if true, are nevertheless not
decisive of the question before us.
When Congress constituted the territorial gov-
ernment of Kansas, it declared, or must be held
to have ascertained and declared, that (here was
a sufficiency of population, and of order,.and of
the means of securing order, in Kansas, to justify
the creation of a Territorial Legislature, and the
holding of the popular elections required by the
act of organization. If the population of Kansas
were savages, and unfit to be trusted with the
powers of self-government permitted by the or-
ganic act, the territorial government should not
have been created. If there was not sufficient
physical force to prevent a hostile invasion from
foreign territory to override -her elections, and a
sufficient degree of integrity among her people,
and among the officers charged with the control
of her elections, to secure an honest result, these
powers should not have been bestowed. 1 think
it must be assumed that the Territorial Legisla-
ture was competent to determine all questions
touching the eligibility and the elections of its
members; that the Governor of the Territory made
a sufficiently just and fair apportionment, the legal
presumption being in favor of the correct per-
formance of official duty; that the convention like-
wise was competent to determine all questions
touching the membership of the persons compos-
ing it, and that all wrongs of the description re-
ferred to had their appropriate legal redress. I
am not without suspicions that such is not the
case; but cannot satisfy myself that, under all the
circumstances, it is expedient for Congress to
review those several transactions, and attempt to
apply remedies at this late hour.
The question of a submission of the constitu-
tion framed by the convention to the people for
their direct ratification has been the subject of
much discussion. As I do not find in the organic
act any authority to the people of Kansas to frame
a State government, and as I cannot infer that
there was an^ power vested in the Territorial Le-
gislature to authorize a convention which should
form a constitution, which should of necessity be
binding upon Congress, it seems to me to be quite
immaterial in its legal aspect whether that consti-
tution was or was not submitted to the people for
their ratification. No requisition for any submis-
sion appears in the organic act; none such is to
be found in the territorial law creating the con-
vention; and I have been ata loss to discover upon
what foundation the opinion of the President, that
the slavery clause must of necessity have been
submitted, is predicated. He has demonstrated
that there was very great propriety in such sub-
mission, and 1 conceive that there would have
been equal propriety in the submission of the
whole constitution; but I am unable to regard its
non-submission as a vital defect. In view of the
conflict of opinions existing in the Territory, of
the notorious popular prejudice against the first
Territorial Legislature, and of the complaints
which were rife in respect to the organization of
the constitutional convention, and especially in
view of the declarations acknowledged to have
been made by Governor Walker, upon real or
supposed authority from the President, that the
whole institution, when made, should be sub-
mitted to the people for ratification, I think that
a submission would have been most timely and
most appropriate, provided the elections could
have been held without fraud and without vio-
lence. But I am one of those who do not regard
the popular elections of a turbulent people as the
occasion for the calm and deliberate examination
of the complicated details of a written State con-
stitution; nor would their results, as declared by
partisan judges, be conclusive evidence to my
mind that they indicated the will of the people. I
have no doubt whatever of the ri^rht of the people
to delegate to their representatives authority to
enact laws, organic or otherwise, with or without
subsequent submission. And I regard all the pro-
ceedings preliminary to the final consummation of
the work of the convention as evidence, not con-
clusive, but nevertheless evidence, bearing upon
