222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
are watching with great interest the course we
may pursue; while on the other, those who are
thirsting for civil and religious liberty are watch-
ing us to see what benefit they are to have at our
hands. Nor should 1 say one word but for some
remarks which dropped from my friend from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] in relation personally to
Commodore Paulding.
It may not be known to the Senate that he is
directly the descendant of that man who. in the
darkest period of our revolutionary history, when
patriotism was on the hps, but treason festered
m the hearts of some of the leading men in the
country, stepped forth from the humble walks of
life to render a service that will redound to his im-
mortal honor. Prom the moment Commodore
Paulding entered the naval service in boyhood, to
the present time, he has never uttered a word or
committed an act which will not redound to his
honor; and I undertake to say, with the little in-
formation on the subject that I can glean from
partially hearing this debate now, that the man-
ner in which he committed this arrest, wrongful
though it may be, was not ungracious; and that
in no act or word, to those whom he deemed it
his duty to arrest, can he be said to have acted in
any ungracious manner; much less has he tar-
nished his epaulets, and disgraced them as my
friend from Mississippi thinks. That lias not
been the result.
I do not pretend to palliate the act. If our naval
officers be permitted to land on the shores of a
foreign nation to arrest whom they please in this
way, I can foiesce that, ma very short time,the
country may be embroiled in hostilities from
which it may be difficult to extricate ourselves.
1 can see incalculable evils to result from such a
course; and I do not pretend to palliate it, nor do
I perceive how it can be squared with any rule
of law. Rut, sir, place the responsibility where
it ought to rest. You send out a naval captain to
stop filibustering. Letme say I do notlook upon
filibustering as the worst crime in the world. I
do not highly regard the law of 1818. U was wise,
no doubt, in our state of weakness, but it is use-
less to us now. On that subject I may say some-
thing hereafter. But when you undertake to send
out a naval captain, with loose instructions, to
stop filibustering, and refer him generally to an
act of Congress about which all your courts differ
everyday in the year, he interprets them as a
seaman, and not as a jurist. He says: "You
have sent mo to stop filibustering; and the best
way to do that is to catch all the filibusters and
send tliem back to you."
Now, sir, the Administration, if I understand
it, have detached Captain Chatnrd from his com-
mand because hedid notairest Walker in passing
him. That was within the jurisdiction of Nic-
aragua as much as was the arrest by Paulding.
He was within a marine league of the coast; he
was within one mile of it; and yet, if I under-
stand the matter, he is to be punished for not
doing an act which we arc condemning Paulding
for having done.
I only rose to relieve Captain Paulding, know-
ing him personally, knowing that he is one of the,
brightest ornaments of the service, from the odium
attempted to be cast upon him. lie has ened,
undoubtedly. The President does not pietcnd
to screen him from an error in law; but I mean to
say he has not erred in such a way as should, in
the language of my friend from Mississippi, cast
disgrace upon his epaulets. I mean to say that
in no word or act to the gentlemen whom he
arrested did he show the slightest want of cour-
tesy, that has ever come to my knowledge.
Mr. BROWN. On the subject of Captain
Paulding's ancestry J desire to say a word. Ho
is said to be the son of the Paulding who took
part in the attest of Andre.
Air. MALLORY. 1 did not say he was the son.
Mr. BROWN. X have seen it stated elsewhere
that he claimed to be the son. I do not know
what other illustrious ancestors he may have had
to which the Senator alluded.
Mr. MALLORY. He is descended from the
Paulding that captured Andre. What relation he
is 1 do not pretend to say.
Mr.BllO VYN. Whether he be a son or grand-
son, a nephew or grand-nephew, has, in my judg-
ment, nothing on earth to do with this inquiry.
His ancestor did well, did nobly. The question
we have to inquire into now, is as to what Pauld- ,
ing himself has done. Has he acted within the
limits of law? I understand the Senator from
Florida to admit that he has not; and yet he un-
dertakes to excuse him on the ground of his illus-
trious ancestry.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend will excuse me
for interrupting him. In the few remarks head-
dressed to the Senate he said that in making the
arrest Commodore Paulding had acted in a most
ungracious manner, and that he had entailed dis-
grace on his epaulets in doing so. That he had
performed the arrest in an ungracious manner,
which I presumed to mean an ungentlemanly, or
unhandsome, or rude manner.
Mr. BROWN. I would ask my friend from
Florida whether he has carefully read the letter
of Commodore Paulding to the Government, in
which he charges piracy, lawlessness, buccaneer-
ing, and everything else in the whole catalogue of
naval offenses against Walker and his men.
Now, sir, I have the same authority for saying
that the men who were under General Walker's
command had rendered distinguished services to
this country,which the Senator has for saying that"
the ancestors of Paulding had rendered essential
service. I undertake to say that there were men m
that command who not only risked theirlives, but
shed their blood in defense of the American flag,
in the late war with Mexico; and yet this man
Paulding, whose highest claim seems to be that
he is descended from illustrious ancestors, has the
audacity, in an official communication to the Gov-
ernment, to charge these men with piracy, with
buccaneering, with lawlessness, and with all the
offenses in the whole catalogue of enmes. Upon
what evidence ? Where is the authority upon
which these charges are based ? Is there any in-
dictment against "Walker for piracy? Is there any
charge against him for piracy 5 Does it rest upon
anything else than the mere declaration of Com-
modore Paulding, in an official communication
which has been sent to Congress by the President,
thus to be incorporated into the everlasting arch-
ives of the Government, to live through all time
to come ?
I say that when Commodore Paulding so far
forgets his duty as thus lightly to charge piracy,
and buccaneering, and lawlessness, and other
high offenses, against men who have distinguished
themselves m the military service of the country,
he does disgrace his epaulets and ought to have
them torn from his shoulders. If there be any
indictment against Walker or any man under his
command, show it, point to the court where it is;
but if there be not, upon what authority does tins
man Paulding dare to arraign him before the
American people and the world as a puate. I
know not how far my judgment may weigh
against that of the descendant of the Paulding
who captured Andre, but whatever it is worth, 1
venture if here, that Walker is not only not a
pirate, not a buccaneer, but that he is a man that
has violated no law. Put him upon his trial be-
fore a fair jury of the country, and my life upon
it he will be acquitted. He will be acquitted in
Louisiana; he will be acquitted in Florida; ho will
be acquitted m New Yotlc; wherever he can geta
fair and impartial trial according to the laws of
the country, he will be set at liberty. My com-
plaint against Paulding is, that he makes the
charge without proof; and my complaint against
the President is, that he sends it to the faenate
and gives to it the high indorsement of the Chief
Magistrate of this great nation.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
says that Walker is charged with levying war
against a foreign Government. By whom is he
so charged? Where is the evidence of it? Is
there an indictment pending? Is there a well-
established ehargeany wheie but by public rumor?
I meet the charge by saying that Walker was but
endeavoring, as others have done, to recapture his
lost rights. After Louis Philippe was expelled from
France, if he had undertaken to regain his throne,
this Government would have had the same right
to interpose and arrest him thatithad to interpose
and arrest Walker. Louis Philippe was driven out
by violence. If he had attempted to go back to
France to regain his lostpnviieges, no one would
have pretended that the Government of the United
States had aright, by military force, to arrest him;
yet, for the lite of me, I cannot see the difference
between an arrest in that case and the one before
us.
But, says the Senator from "Wisconsin, Walker
was a citizen of the United States. That he was
a native of the United States, I grant; but did he
claim the protection of your flag—did he claim to
be a citizen of the United States? So far from it
he was arrested under the flag of Nicaragua. If
he had been arrested under the flag of the United
States—under the banner of the stars and stripes—
there would have been some excuse for it; the
excuse might have been based on the ground that
he was abusing the flag; but he was under a for-
eign flag,and claimed its protection. Putting him-
self under that flag, proclaimed to all the world
that he had expatriated himself, as he had a right
to do. He was not then a citizen of the United'
States, nor did he claim to be.
I understand that while I was temporarily ab-
sent from the Senate some time ago, the Senator
from New York expressed some very erroneous
views in reference to the positions I took in the
few remarks which I had the honor to submit in
the early part of this discussion. What I said, if
not with entire distinctness, 1 had hoped with suf-
ficient clearness to be understood, was, that a citi-
zen of the United States has a right to expatriate
himself, that there was no power in the executive
Government to prevent his doing so, and that in
leaving the country he had the right to bear arms.
These propositions being true, 1 illustrated them
in my own person by saying that I had the right
to shoulder my musket and shake hands with the
President, telling him I was going to Nicaragua,
or any other country, to take part in a civil war,
and that he had no right to molest me. i said
every other citizen of the Republic had precisely
the same right.
I have supposed heretofore it was one of the
chief glories of this country, that our people did
take part in these contests for liberty. The ear-
liest and most brilliant efforts of " the great com-
moner," the illustrious Clay, were the powerful
orations which he pronounced in the House of
Representatives in favor of the South American
States, then struggling to throw off the despotism
j of Spain. His speeches in defense of Grecian
I liberty were no less distinguished for eloquence
I and intensity of patriotism. What did all those
speeches mean if they were not an appeal to the
young and ardent patriotism of Americans to go
and help to fight those battles for liberty? Who
does not recollect the struggle in Texas, when the
illustrious sage of the Hermitage, obeying the
laws of his country forbidding the fitting-out of
expeditions, issued his proclamations? tie de-
termined to enforce the law, but he never dreamed,
and. with all his heroism, never dared to arrest
any citjzcn who had armed himself with a view to
go and join my venerable friend, [Mr. Houston,]
then lighting the battle of liberty in Texas. Did
Jackson ever dare to usurp power ? I appeal to
you, sir, and to Senators around me, what would
have been thought of the " old usurper," as his
enemies called him—Andrew Jackson—if he had
dared to send a naval force to arrest Sam Hous-
ton, President of Texas, and bring him back to
the United States? Would there not have been a
universal burst of indignation throughout the Re-
public? If it might not have been done under
Jackson, I want to know by what warrant the
same thing is done under the rule of James Buch-
anan.
Mr. MALLORY. I did not rise to enter into
the debate, as I before observed, and expressed
no opinion on any question involved, except the
remarks of my friend from Mississippi. His re-
marks now show that 1 have vindicated Commo-
dore Paulding from his assertion that he did not
make this arrest ungraciously, and that he did not,
by the arrest or its manner, entail disgrace on his
epaulets. I do not defend the assertions of his
letter. I concede it is bad taste m any official to
use epithets towards others; it will not strengthen
his case. But my friend from Mississippi will
recollect that there is a high example in the au-
thority of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armies
and Navies of the United States, the President
himself, a few years ago.
Mr. BROWN. I beg to correct my friend. I
hope I was not understood as speaking of the un-
gracious conduct, in that particular, of Commo-
dore Paulding. I spoke of the ungracious conduct
of Commander Chatard, who wrote insulting,
taunting, insolent notes to Walker, meaning
nothing but to provoke him into a conflict; but i
