1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the great question, is that constitution the act of
the people?
The convention complete their labors and dis-
solve. They have formed a constitution. The
people of the Territory are to be presumed to
have at one time desired admission into the CJnion
as a State. Does it necessarily follow from these
facts that Congress is bound to assume peremp-
torily that they still seek such admission, and
thatsuch admission must be accorded? At this
point, in my mind, serious difficulties arise. I
have not yet heard the argument that can solve
them. After the dissolution of that convention,
it remained to elect executive officers and a con-
stitutional Legislature; and, in the opinion of the
President, it further remained to take a vote at a
popular election, upon the so-called submission
of the slavery provision. The election of the
State officers and of the Legislature were neces-
sary to provide the machinery to set the new gov-
ernment in operation when tne territorial govern-
ment should be superseded by the act of admission;
and the vote upon the submission of the slavery
clause was, according to the opinion of the Pres-
ident, essential to give vitality to the work of the
convention. These elections and their attending
circumstances are, in my judgment, proper and
necessary subjects of inquiry by this Congress.
It is asserted upon most respectable authority,
that remedies in respect to wrongs at these elec-
tions can be afforded elsewhere. I cannot find
the place. Where, I ask, can a false return of the
vote upon the submission of the slavery clause be
corrected but here? Upon the act of admission
the transaction is instantly complete; and that
constitution is, without amendment, the funda-
mental law of Kansas. Where, I ask again, but
here, can a false and fraudulent return of the elec-
tion of State officers be corrected? At the mo-
ment of admission they are installed in the actual
possession of the government of Kansas; they
become entitled to be maintained in that posses-
sion by the power of the Federal Government;
and, for aught I know, a usurpation may be in-
stantly set up, which would work an outrage upon
the people of Kansas, which the Government of
the United States is powerless to counteract or
remove.
Now, what are the facts ? The president of the
constitutional convention, in pursuance of the pro-
visions of the schedule of the constitution, ap-
pointed commissioners, who appointed judges,
who held the elections and returned the results
to him, and to him alone. Admit that the offi-
cers holding these elections were sworn faith-
fully to perform their duties'as required by the
tenth section of the schedule: what security have
we for an honest return as to either of the elec-
tions prescribed by the schedule? What secu-
rity, I ask, but the personal integrity of Cal-
houn ? Willie I know nothing of this gentleman
which will justify me in saying a single word in
Iiis defamation, 1 have not learned enough of him
to satisfy my mind that we can safely sanction
and give the force of precedent to the most un-
justifiable measure to which that convention re-
sorted, in violation of the usages of the country—
a measure unknown to the history of any State
in the Union, and, in my judgment, for every
reason, altogether unwarrantable. I speak of the
assumption by Mr. Calhoun, I care not whether
at his-own suggestion, or at that of the conven-
tion, of supreme, unlimited, uncontrolled, and un-
watched guardianship of the elections which were
to ensue. I speak of the entire exclusion of every
territorial officer, of every grade, from the Gov-
ernor down to the lowest of its officials; and I
venture to assert that it is the first time in the
history of constitutional conventions that any one
man, however exalted his integrity or unsus-
pected his character, has been solely charged with
the execution of trusts so important and so vast.
When one of our older States changes its form of
government, it invariably takes the care to entrust
the elections which are to place the new machinery
of State in motion in the hands ofitsown acknowl-
edged and accredited officers; and in every other
case than that of Kansas, which has fallen under
my observation, our Territories, when about to
abandon their territorial organization, and to as-
sume the powers of State sovereignty, have, I
believe without exception, resorted to the pre-
caution of associating with the president of the
convention one or more of the territorial officers,
in order that a usurpation of power may not occur
in the aet of transfer.
I am not satisfied that the constitutional con-
vention had any legislative powers of a general
description. None were granted them by the law
of its creation. No such powers can be implied.
The legislative power of Kansas, to the very hour
I speak, remains vested in her Territorial Legis-
lature. It was not in their power to alienate it,
nor did they attempt such alienation. They could
not declare that fraudulent voting at elections, to
be held in pursuance of their schedule, should be
crimes, or that fraudulent returns of such elections
should be punishable. They did not prescribe
punishments, and could not enforce the punish-
ments which they might have prescribed. If this
be true, these elections were held without the
semblance of public security. The President, in
his message of February 9, 1858, remarks, in
respect to the January election for executive offi-
cers, as follows:
"If frauds have been committed at this election, either
by one or both parties, the Legislature and the people of
Kansas, under their constitution, will know how to redress
themselves, and punish these detestable but too common
crimes, without any outside interference."
With the greatest respect for the distinguished
source from which that expression emanates, and
satisfied that the heart of no man in America beats
Jess in sympathy with fraud, in any of its forms,
than his, I should like to be informed how the
people of Kansas can redress themselves, and
punish those crimes, except in the mode in which
the people of San Francisco some few years since
punished the stuffers of thoir ballot-boxes ? Can
the State Legislature of Kansas, which is to come
into being upon her admission to the Union, enact
a law to punish crimes committed before their
existence began, notwithstanding the inhibition
against ex post facto laws, declared as well in the
Constitution of the United States as m the con-
stitution of Kansas? Upon this point I cannot
accede to the opinion of the President.
We thus have presented to us the case of elec-
tions in Kansas conducted without any of the
safeguards which in every portion of the civilized
world, where popular elections are held, invariably
attend them. We thus have the case of aconven-
tion authorized by the people of Kansas, speak-
i ing through their Territorial Legislature, to frame
j a State constitution, and to do nothing mo?'e,usurp-
j ing the powers of that people, and committing her
j future executive and legislative offices to the un-
i controlled will of astute individual, and that indi-
vidual not the man of their choice. You find that
convention employing its own delegated powers
to grant new ones to commissioners, to be still
further delegated to judges of election, and all, so
far as I can see, without the shadow of leason-
able security. You find, in short, a provisional
government, erected by a constitutional conven
tion with limited authority, subverting the Ter
ritorial Legislature. Now how can this he jus-
tified > Are we bound by any iron rule to confirm ,
any usurpation which may have followed this
transaction ? Where is the government which is
to supervene upon the act of admission ? Will
you leave Kansas without government? Will
you admit her to the Union, thereby repealing her
territorial organization, and deprive her people of
every kind of iegal protection ? Will you leave her
murders to go unrevenged, and her incendiaries to
go unrestrained, and withdraw the army, which
might, for the time being at least, give her peo-
ple the protection of a military despotism, until
this new State government can be hunted out from
its lair? Where is this government? Who are
its officers? Are they known to the President?
Are they known and recognized by the people of
Kansas? What are their names? Where do they
live? Are they in Kansas, or are they in Wash-
ington? Will they go to Kansas? When will
they go? Who is to provide the armed force to
set the new government upon its feet? Where is
the living man that can disclose the secret of the
names of the officers of this proposed new State
government ? Is there more than one such man ?
Should he perish by one of the casualties of life, j|
would the secret die with him, or would he leave ]
the record behind? Why has not that important j
secret been revealed ? . I
Can you find a precedent in the history of the ;
country for the admission of a State where the act j
of admission may, and probably will, instantly ,
consign her to anarchy and ruin?- Is there any-
thing in the history of Kansas, or in the chaWcter
of her people, which renders such a policy wis'e
or statesmanlike ? The President has informed
us that the Territory of Kansas lias kept for years
in %state of almost open rebellion agaWst'ftsgov-
ernment, and at this momentan Army preserves
her peace. Will the people, whose tur&ulence;and
lawlessness have been kept in subjection only" fey
military power, who have been in constant rebel-
lion against their own territorial government,
yield ready obedience to a State government, the
very names and persons of whose officers are un-
disclosed secrets in the breast of a single man,
whose lips no power on earth can unseal? Con-
gress, the President, and the people of Kansasare
each and all powerless to compelhim to break his
ominous silence!
Mr. Chairman, when an application is made to
Congress by the people of a Territory for their
admission into the Union as a State, the very act
of application implies tlte assent of the people of
the Territory. The act of admission is the con-
sent of Congress to the application. The whole
transaction is by consent. The admission is a
great privilege. It entitles her to participation,
through her Representatives, in the councils of
the first nation upon the face of the globe, It
makes her a partner in the glories of our Revolu-
tion. It makes our history hers. The faith of
the Federal Union becomes pledged to her for pro-
tection against invasion and domestic violence.
She is secured the advantages of a republican gov-
ernment, with its unnumbered blessings. Her
citizens acquire the privileges and immunities of
the citizens in the several States. She shares ill
our exhaustless .wealth—receives more than an
imperial dowry. It is the meeting of father and
child, after the days of infancy have passed.
Parental affection, if chilled by long absence, re-
news its care, and filial love commences a lifelong
career. All this is too large a reward for turbu-
lence and wrong. Review our history. No State
has ever yet been admitted as a punishment for
the crimes of her people. If Kansas is still re-
bellious, let us not, from any miserable spirit of
economy, or mistaken notion of expediency, bring
her now into the sisterhood of States. She may
light among them the fires of civil discord. At
any rate, do not drag her in as a convict in chains.
Keep her from her father's house till, passion all
subdued, the work of repentance done, with calm
and stately steps she knocks at the portals of her
future home.
Mr. Chairman, is the voice we hear applying
for admission the voice of Kansas ? What, sir,
is the evidence? John Calhoun, the president of
the constitutional convention, in a letter to the
President, of January 14, 1858, says that Kansas
asks for admission into the Union as a sovreign
State. The President informs us in his message
of February 2, 1858: " that he has received from
J. Calhoun, Esq., president of the late constitu-
! tional convention, a copy, duly certified by himself,
of the constitution framed by that body, with the
expression ofahope that he would submit the same
to the consideration of Congress, with the view
of the admission of Kansas into the Union as an
independent State." The President recommends
her admission, " with a view to terminate the
Kansas question." This, sir, is the evidence, and
the whole evidence, in support of the application.
John Calhoun indorsed and certified by himself,
with the expression of his hope that the President
would submit the same to Congress.
But, sir, is this the only voice we hear from
Kansas or her people ? No! We hear another
voice from Kansas. Her people, through their
Territorial Legislature, under date of December
23, 1857, remonstrate and protest against her ad-
mission. They speak m tones louder and clearer
than those of John Calhoun. They say that they
have been disfranchised and defrauded, and that
they do not seek admission into the Union under
the Lecompton constitution, and claim the right
to form and adopt a constitution for themselves.
No discord marked their deliberations. The voice
of her people comes upon us in one unbroken
column: "We protest against admission under the
Lecompton constitution."
To which of these voices shall we hearken ?
It is contended, Mr. Chairman, that the con-
stitutional convention speak through their presi-
dent; that the people of Kansas cannot recall the
