1858.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLO$E'.
In reference, Mr. Speaker, to the sufficiency of
this notice, (so much discussed,) I have only to.
say there have been fifteen cases of contested elec-
tions since the law of 18J1 was passed, and that,
in not a single instance, have the names of the
illegal voters been set forth. The point was ex-
pressly raised and decided, just as we contend it
should be decided in this report of the minority,
and that decision was sustained by the high, au-
thority and ability of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn,] whose name appears first
among those of the Committee of Elections who
now maintain that this notice is insufficient be-
cause the names of the voters are not stated. Any
one who reads the notice will see that it sets forth
very plainly, fully, and distinctly each ground of
contest—that the propositions are expressed with
matked precision and sharpness. Both on prin-
ciple and authority, unless you make "names"
and " groundV synonymous terms, the objection
stands condemned.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to make an inquiry for information? The gentle-
man has stated there have been fifteen cases of con-
tested election since the law was passed—will the
gentleman inform me if there has been any instance
in which u contestant has gained his seat on such
a notice as this?
Mr. LAMAR. In the case of Otero and Gal-
legos, the specifications did not contain the names.
Mr. MILLSON. Was that a question of ille-
gal voting?
Mr. LAMAR. I understand it was.
Mr. MILLSON. My impression is different.
Mr. LAMAR. Tfie gentleman's impression is
incorrect. But I will state another case. In the
case of Archer against Allen, the point was car-
ried. There were no names specified in that no-
tice, and yet the member was unseated under it.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman is mistaken
as to the case of Archer against Allen. Allen was
tlie sitting member; and I remember distinctly that
I myself objected to the insufficiency of the notice,
and Allen retained his seat.
„ Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman is mistaken
about that. Mr. Allen was sent back.
Mr. MILLSON. At all events Archer did not
get the seat.
Mr. LAMAR. What possible difference does
that make, when both the committee and the
House ajfumed the legality of the notice by enter-
taining the case and receiving the testimony under
it, and actually unseating the sitting member? I
will state, for the information of the gentleman
from Virginia, whose recollection, usually so accu-
rate, seems somewhat at fault in tins matter, that
the notice in this case is more minute and partic-
ular, in setting forth the grounds of the contest,
than that in the case of Archer vs. Alien. The
notice in that case was a sort of drag-net notice,
in which no particular grounds were set forth,
except a general claim of a majority; and the
gentleman from Virginia might wdl have object-
ed to it. He could, with perfect consistency,
have objected to the notice in that case, and yet
hold tlie notice in this case to be one which is,
in every essential particular, conformable to the
statute. In reference, Mr. Speaker, to the ab-
stract of the votes, the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Stevenson] has left me nothing to say.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one word as to the ground
on which I and those who act with me deduct
from tne polls of the sitting member the number
submitted in our report. Firat, I lay it down as
a proposition which can be sustained both by
precedent and authorities, that, where the elec-
tion is by ballot, and the voters do not appear, or,
appearing, refuse to answer, the declaration of
the voters themselves as to liovv they voted may
be taken in evidence.
Mr. WILSON. Does the gentleman state that
in this case voters were produced, and refused to
answer ?
Mr. LAMAR. I will reply to the point inti-
mated in the question. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that it is necessary to call a voter
before you can take evidence as to his declara-
tions ? 1 assert, Mr. Speaker, that the precedents
and the authorities go to the admission of the de-
clarations of voters as to how they voted, whether
the foundation is laid or not by calling the voter.
And it has been decided that it is unnecessary to
subpena witnesses who camiotbe compelled to tes-
tify when they are subpenaed.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask whether these witnesses
within the counties of Preble or Montgomery,
could not have been subpenaed, and, under the
law, compelled to answer?
Mr. LAMAR. I answer the gentleman confi-
dently and emphatically in the negative. I assert
that the man who casts his vote under the law
which gives him the right to cast a secret ballot,
cannot, unless there be some special statute au-
thorizing it, be compelled to appear and testifj^as
to how he voted, or as to the fact of his voting. I
take my position, a,nd I am willing that at shall
go forth to the country, that, where the right of
secret ballot exists, men cannot be compelled to
testify as to how they voted, or as to the fact of
their voting; and that, in the absence of direct
testimony, their declarations are admissible for
the purpose of proving the political complexion of
their vote. In confirmation of this view L refer to
the unanimous opinion of the committee in the
New Jersey case, and a host of other cases de-
cided by this House.
Now, sir, one word as to the evidence that the
muiattoes and persons of color voted for the sit-
ting member. I think the testimony of Anderson
as to his own vote; the declarations of Mitchell
and Redman, of Lawrence and Cowan; the fact
that their right was disputed and opposed by the
friends of Vallandigham; thatk was advocated by
the friends of Campbell; that the friends of Val-
landigham had made arrangements to have all
these identical men challenged; that the friends of
Campbell attended some of them to the polls,
and advocated their right, as a class, to vote: their
known political sympathies,added to the fact that
the sitting member complains (in his answer to j
j the notice) that more of the same were not allowed ;
i to vote, " who would have voted for" him, will ,
! leave but little doubt upon any impartial mind;
and that doubtwould be removed by the fact that ,
neither the sitting member nor any of his friends, :
cither before the committee by way of evidence, ;
or here by way of argument, have ventured the ,
expression of a belief to the contrary. Upon the
question of the admissibility of this circumstantial ;
evidence, I will quote from Cushing on Contro- |
verted Returns and Elections: i
<s When the voting is by ballot, tlie voter i5* not compelled
to disclose the chaiaeterof his voip, or to testify for whom
he voted, on a given occasion. When it become iiect*-,
sary, therefore, on the trial of a controvetied election, to
show for whom votes by ballot weie given, and such voter
refuses to appeal, or appearing, refuses to disclose tor whom
he voted, evidence is admissible of the general repuuiLon
of the political character of the voter, and as to ike paity to
which he belonged at the time of the election
Now, if it be said that the voter should first be
called, in order to see if he will refuse to testify, ■
I answer, the Supreme Court has expressly de- j
cided in Rayburn's case that when a witness can- 1
not be compelled to testify, he need not be sum- \
moned. And in Monroe vs. Jackson, the corn- j
j mittee received evidence of the political opinions j
j of the persons voting, their party associations, !
i the persons who opposed their right of voting, 1
j and those who maintained their right, and a large j
i number of votes were rejected by the commutoe j
| upon that evidence alone. •
I Now, sir, if these authorities do not vindicate ;
' fully the propriety of deducting those votes from j
, the poll of the sitting member—provided they b'e •
] illegal—I am willing to yield the question. i
! And now let me appeal to my friend from In- j
! diana, [Mr. Wilson,] and to every other gentle- .
! man in this House, whether there has not been ,
i brought evidence, strong as proof of holy writ, as !
! to how these men voted? They dare not rise, in ,
1 the face of that evidence, and assert that they be- !
' lieve these negro votes were cast for any one be- i
: sides the sitting member. But, sir, grant all that ;
j they ask; take the position which the gentleman
! from Maine [Mr. Washburn] and my friend
| from Illinois [Mr. Harris] assume, that there is
: no evidence as to how these people voted except
' as to one; and the contestant has still a majority
; of, 1 think, some eight or nine, and perhaps more
i than that. He has at least a majority of nine,
' without counting as illegal a single negro vote.
] And, in according to him that majority, we have
I only received such evidence as has been repeat-
I edly received and acted upon by this House in
contested-election cases. The current of author-
ity in favor of this kind of evidence, is, with few
exceptions, unbroken.
Before I forget it, I wish to call the attention of
my friend from North Carolina,-[Mr. Gilmer,]
for whose astuteness as a lawyer I have a'-higii
respect, to a remarkable instance of an lUegstJ vote
being deducted from the poll-list, upon evidet^
that was, in no particular, positive or direct.-
Mr. GILMER. I think my friend wfH 'find it
hard to point to a case where a vote has been
counted by a committee without positive testi-
mony.
Mr. LAMAR. I think I can find one.
Mr. GILMER. Not if there be any doubtius
to how the vote was <$st. There may be ofcfa&r
facts and circumstances which make the proof
conclusive.
Mr. LAMAR. I think I can find an instance *
where a vote was deducted, and not upon direct
testimony, and that in the absence of any cor-
roborating facts or circumstances.
Mr. GILMER. The gentleman will under-
stand me. I do not mean to say that there have
not been such instances; but the general tenor of
the decisions has been the other way.
Mr. LAMAR. I will show you an instance
that carries authority with it The gentleman
will find it in his own report. Can the gentleman
rise upon his feet and show me the positive pro'of
upon which he rejected from the poll list of Mr;
Vallandigham the name of John W. Shroyer? If
he can, I shall be very much obliged to him to
do so. Sir, the gentleman from North Carolina
has stricken from the poll-list of the contestant
that name. Can he show me the evidence upon
which he assumed that Shroyer voted foi^the con-
testant ?
Mr. GILMER. At what page does the gen-
tleman refer to ?
Mr. LAMAR. At page 160 of* the report. I
make the geniiemau fiom North Carolina my
authority, and I think the authority is a valuable
one. It is one that I pride myself upon. The
gentleman from North Carolina is exceedingly
ingenious, and now I want him to show one par-
ticle of direct evidence by which he rejected or
appropriated that vote. I will go further. I ask
the gentleman to point me to one particle of evi-
dence of any kind whatever.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARLAN obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I just want to icply to one sin-
gle point made by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Lamar.] I hold, and I hold upon au-
thority, that it makes no difference at all if there
is irregularity in an election, so far as the judges,
inspectors, and clerks are concerned, if the elec-
tion is fairly conducted, no voterobstructed from
voting, and no person allowed to vote who is not
entitled to vote by law. What is the object of
an election? It is to ascertain and express the
will of the voters of a township, or county, or
State. And when you have once ascertained the
will of that people, and there has been no obstruc-
tion thrown in the way of the expression of that
will, then 1 hold that it is a legal election, arid you
cannot disfranchise them by setting it aside.
Now another point. The gentleman reads from
Cushmg's Law and Practice of Legislative Bodies
that, m the case of a contested election, where a
voter refused to appear, or, appearing, refused to
testify. Where is the evidence that any of these
voters refused to appear3 There is not a particle
of evidence that any voter has refused to appear.
I challenge the contestant even to prove that he
ever sought to produce these voters, or that, when
produced, they refused to testify. So that the
law read by the gentleman has no application to
this case. No voter, or at least not more than
one voter out of the whole sixteen, did disclose
the vole he gave; and no one m this whole evi-
dence refused to disclose it. There is no evidence
to show that the contestant in this case took any
steps to get them to come forward; and, under
such circumstances, I say that evidence going to
show the character of a vote by the general po-
litical reputation of the voter is not admissible,
when the voter himself has not refused to appear,
or, appealing, has not refused to disclose the
chaYacter of his vote. .
Mr. GILMER. I will put this thing on tne
proof. , , T
Mr. LAMAR. As to how he voted. Let us
know why you deducted him from Vallandigham.
Mr. GILMER. Here it is. Let it speak for
itself:
" Question 80. Are you acquainted with John W. Shroyer;
