THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1858.
New Series....No. 15.
tion or otherwise, without understanding that this
was an organized military expedition.
I will not deny the right of expatriation, though
I must say that I behove that it is not entirely
settled as a legal question. 1 will not deny that
a man may not start out with his own musket on
his shoulder. I do not believe that is setting- on
foot an expedition. If there is any nation on the
face of the earth that cannot defend itself against
a man with a musket on his shoulder, the sooner
it is taken possession of the better; but this is
not fhat case; and this is not the easeof two hun-
dred mun, each starting out on Ins own hook.
We knew by the reports which preceded the
sailing of this vessel, that an expedition was
being organized. I take it that there are plenty
of gentlemen who know that funds have been
furnished to General Wulkei, and that stock is
held by persons who advanced those funds. It
is not only a hostile expedition, but a sort of
commercial speculation to boot; at least I have
so heard.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] just
now said somethingabout Kossuth. How can we
compare the idle and vapid gasconading of Kos-
suth, the rhodomontade which he preached where-
ever he wont over this country, and his idle and
unsuccessful attempts to gather the "matermlaid "
he wanted for the reconquest of Hungary, with
England. What was the consequence r You had
a controversy with that Government; its Minister
was dismissed—a very unusual thing; one calcu-
lated, under many circumstances, to give offense,
and produce national disagreement and quarrel.
Men employed, as was believed by the Eritish
Minister, were tried by our courts; the trials were
prosecutcd vigorously, and one person at least,
Hertz I believe, was convicted. We dismissed
several British consuls. We would not allow Great
Britain even to contrive any indirect mode by
which she should obtain men in this country for
the purpose of carrying on her war against Russia
in tlie Crimea.
Well, sir, shall we not grant to poor, weak
Nicaragua the same measure of justice which we
exact of haughty England ? What reason is there
why we should make war upon the one Power;
why we should take offense with the strong and
mighty English nation, and indict her officers,
her employes, and her agents, for violating our
neutrality laws, and yet turn a deaf ear to the
complaints of Nicaragua when she points us to
bodies of men, armed and equipped, within our
limits, and starting in steamboats from one of our
ports, organizing their men on board those ves-
sels as soon as they got out of sight of land,
proceeding directly to "their peaceful territory—
that territory which, at least, should have been
a case like this. There was no military expedi- '.\ peaceful as far as we could make it so—and
tion set on foot hero by him. If one had boon set
on foot by him, my word for it, he would have
been nabbed, and subjected to the penalties of the
law of 1818.
The question has been asked why it was that
General Jackson did not interfere m the case of
Texas. Sir, General Jackson did interfere, and
there are many gentlemen here who know it, and \
who remember the proclamation which he issued
when companies were formed for the purpose of
marching to Texas. He very properly did not
interfere when persons went oft by themselves, 1
and really wenton theirown individual enterprise;
but the instant there was any concert or combi-
nation he did interfere; he published his procla-
mation; and I know well the effect it had in some
quarters to deter people from joining military ex-
peditions. There were companies got up in Bal-
timore, aiad one did slip off m spite of his procla-
mation; but nobody could doubt the honesty and
good faith of General Jackson in publishing that
proclamation. He meant what he said; he meant
that concerted expeditions for military purposes
were unlawful. Nobody can doubt that. I will
not restrain the liberty of expatriation or of pri-
vate enterprise; but it is this concerted military
movement which I say is against the law of the
land; and it is that of which General William
Walker has been guilty.
The Senator from Illinois, I think, said some-
thing about the surgeons who wentfrom this coun-
try to Russia, and he seems to liken them to this
case. Those were really individual cases of pri-
vate enterprise. A single gentleman of the Uni-
ted States, a doctor of medicine, thinks proper to
go abroad to offer his services to the Emperor of
Russia as a surgeon in his army. That is not
concerting or setting on foot a military enterprise.
If there had been any expedition concerted; if
there had been two hundred men banded together
here, within the knowledge of the Executive, to
proceed from this country to Sebastopol, to assist
in the defense of that place, this Government
could not, consistently with its declared princi-
ples and its avowed acts, have refused to sup-
dress it, and indict them for doing that which !
was unlawful.
What did we do during that very crisis to which
the Senator from Illinois, I think rather unfortu-
nately, referred? There was another Power en-
gaged in that controversy which undertook to
circumvent this very neutrality act about which
we are talking, to invent contrivances by which
they might get able-bodied military men to go
from this country to assist them in that war.
Everybody knows the Power to whom I allude—
15
immediately commencing the hostilities which
were the original object of their concerted action
h e re ?
Sir, I say it is as clear a cose as ever the sun of
heaven shone upon. I know not whether the in-
structions of the President have been transcended
• or not. I do say, however, that I thank him sin-
cerely for having exerted his power to the utmost
within lawful limits; and if he has transcended,
and if Captain Paulding has transcended, the au-
thority of the Government, I will be to that fault
a little blind. I know it has been said of old
that we applaud the treason while we hate the
traitor. I take the converse, aud I say I may
condemn a transaction, or I may admit the ille-
gality of a transaction, while I applaud the spirit
with which it was conducted, and the motive
which prompted it. 1 will not trouble the Senate
more, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to continue the
discussion of this subject. 1 expressed the dis-
sent which I was compelled to feel to the opinion
of the President, as to the power which was ex-
ercised. I have made no war on the neutrality
law, and I do not see that those who agree with
me have. £ have not attempted to defend any one
in the organization of expeditions within the
United States to make war upon a foreign country;
and I believe, that no one who agrees with me
has done so.
Mr. PEARCE. Though I do not agree with
him in opinion, it was not the views of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi I was combating.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am very glad to know it was
not, because I have so much respect for the Sena-
tor from Maryland that I would regret to find him
combating my positions on this question. I now
pass to the purpose for which i rose, to protest
against being mustered in, by the Senator from
Illinois, among the reciAuts which he is enlisting,
and in which he says he is more successful than
Mr. Walker. Now, sir, I have not received boun-
ty, and I object to being mustered in. [Laugh-
ter.] If the Senator, like the heir-expectum to an
ancient throne, has established himself in a cave
of Abdallah, and intends to welcome there all the
disaffected, [ am not in a condition to take refuge;
and hope, unlike another cave, that the entrance
to his asylum may show returning tracks, to ac-
! count for many who may go in.
The Senator from Illinois argues as though
everyone who expresses a dissent from any opin-
ion of the President of the United States had
thrown himself outside of the Democratic party.
Sir, we have heard more about party discipline
I than exactly agrees with my feelings. My rela-
tions to the party arc those of a common opinion
and unity of principle. My opinions are my own.
Nobody can take them from me, and therefore
nobody can determine whether I am inside or out-
side of the organization that belongs to those opin-
ions and principles.
This doctrine of reading people out of the party-
is new to me. A venerable fiiend of mine, who
used to sit in that chaii, and who is here no longer
—I give offense to no one I feel, when I say, to
the injury of the country he is no longer here—
used to talk of "old fogies." These new and
unwelcome doctrines seem to suggest to me that
I have become an old fogy. [Laughter.] Whence
sprang this power to issue an excommunicating
bull—to pronounce who is in and who is outside
of the party? I thought our party's door wag
broad and square, always open for any one to
come in, or go out, whenever he pleased. But
when any gentleman chooses, in going out, to
raise his standard, and call for recruits to join him
in war on an Administration with which we are
at peace, that is a violation of the neutralitylaw—
an establishment of recruitingrendezvoustbwhich
I must object as an enlistment for a foreign ser-
vice, and then come in aid of the Administra-
tion.
There isone point, upon which I thinkit proper
tomakeasingle remark. Objection has been made
to the President's suggesting to Congress the pro-
priety of a modification of the neutrality law. I
consider the law ineflicientagainst our weak neigh-
bors. It was designed to prevent military expe-
ditions, such as could not secretly or unobserved
leave our shores: it does not suffice to restrain
such parties as may, though having all the sem-
blance of peaceful emigrants, yet go forth and
invade a defenseless State, or a few marauders,
who may cross a mere geographical line to disturb
the peace of a neighbor. Thus, m the case of
Great Britain, during the period of what wascalled
the " Patriot war," we had a special enactment to
enable us to preserve the peace on that frontier—
a law which terminated within two or three years,
and the like of which might, with the proper
modifications, be enacted now for the protec-
tion of the peace of these weak Central American
States.
So far from ccnsuring, I am inclined to applaud
the suggestion that the law should be revised,
and so far as the act of 1818 will not enable us to
perform all our obligations to these weak Ameri-
can States, that we should modify it to thai end.
I think it should be the policy of the United States
to strengthen our relations with the weaker Gov-
ernments upon the American continent; that we
should attempt to exercise the control of a direct-
ing hand as an elder brother, steadying the step
of a younger. In order to extend our influence
over these American States, we must not only
discharge our national obligations, but make them
feel that we extend the hand of protection over
them, and, as far as is consistent with the theory
of our Government, prevent our citizens from
committing any violence upon them.
Mr. STUART. The questions that are in-
volved in this message which has been sent to us
by the President, certainly are very important.
They relate to the proper construction and expo-
sition of our own laws and our treaties, as well
as the law of nations. It seems to me that it
would be wise at this time to refer the subject,
agreeably to the motion that has been made, to
the Committee on ForeignRelations, that we may
have a full report of the facts; that all the docu-
ments may be printed and brought before us,
so that at a future dav this subject may be fairly
disposed of; and if tne Senate are disposed to
vote on the reference now, I shall not make the
motion which I intend to make, which is to ad-
journ; otherwise, I shall insist on the motion to
adjourn.
'Several Senators. We had better adjourn.
Mr. STUART. Then I will make that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned to Monday next.
