1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1311
other day that speeches made by southern gen- | j the gentleman to say that Mr. Buchanan drew up
tlemen were sent by northern men to their "con- j! those resolutions?
stiiuents. That is true; and, on the other hand,
when we happen to have an imprudent speaker
upon our side of the House, who'denounces your
institutions in terms of bitterness, you also flood
your country with his speeches. They are sent
there, if not to the mass of the people, at least to
the political leaders, for the purpose of showing
n orthern sentiment towards southern institutions.
Human nature is the same, North and South.
We read your speeches; and we do it for the pur-
pose of showing the feelings you entertain to-
wards us and our institutions; and you circulate
speeches made by gentlemen of the North, and
they have the same effect—to excite public indig-
nation against us.
These things are done, too, when partisan strife
is raging all over this country with unbounded
licentiousness.
But, sir, we are called Abolitionists, and de-
nounced as fanatics. Why is this ? Cannot gen-
tlemen distinguish between abolishing slavery in |
the States where it exists by virtue of local laws, |
and extending it into Territories that are free ?'
The difference is to me so palpable that I think i
no man ought to confound them. I am an old- j
fashioned Whig; and I stand, upon this slavery ;
question, where the old Whig party stood; where i
that distinguished leader of the Whig party, the j
statesman of the nation, Mr. Clay, stood. Where i
slavery exists in a State by legal sanction, there :> that he was assailed.
let it alone. Where slavery exists by virtue of ij Mr. J. GLANCY
law, there let it alone, until those having the legal : that he did.
authority determine to abolish it. But, sir, where j
slavery does notexist; where Territories are free; !
where there is no lav/ creating the institution, i say !
what that eminent leader saiu among his last dec- j
larations:i( I never can and never will vote, and no [
earthly power will ever make me vote, to spread !
slavery over territory where it does notexist."
But, sir, I am not alone on this platform of princi-
ples. I would like to inquire of southern gentlemen
upon the other side, if they hSVe examined Mr.
Buchanan's political record closely? I would like
to know whether they have not taken into then-
bosoms an Abolitionist? If I am an Abolitionist
upon this subject, on account of occupying the
ground I do, James Buchanan is an Abolitionist
also, and has been one for the last forty years.
True, he may have been baptized since the Cm-
Mr. KILGORE. No, sir; I_do not know that
he drew them up. I say he signed them.
Mr, J. GLANCY JON^S, Do I understand
him to say that he signed them ?
Mr. KILGORE. I understand from the re-
port of the papers published at that time, that Mr.
Buchanan was one of a committee of three men
who reported these same resolutions.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish the gentle-
man would give us his authority.
Mr. KILGORE. You will find it in the Lan-
caster Intelligencer, volume 21, No. 21, published
in 1819.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman I desire to say a word. I
have had occasion more than once to repeat what
I am now about to say upon this subject; and that
is, that. Mr. Buchanan never signed the resolu-
tions, and that they never had his sanction in any
shape or form. His name was attached to them
without his authority—as frequently Happens—
without his knowledge or assent. That is the
simple history of the matter.
Mr. KILGORE. It is too late tcr deny this
record after a silence of forty years.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I desire to,ask my col-
league if Mr. Buchanan did ever in any shape or
form disavow the resolutions at that time?
Mr. FLORENCE. No; nor at any other time
JONES. I am not aware
I cannot admit this cross-
Mr. KILGORE
firing.
Mr. GROW. I would like to ask my colleague
if Mr. Buchanan was in favor of the Missouri
compromise J
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES He gave his as-
sent to it as a peace measure when every leading
patriot in the country, North and South, advo-
cated its passage to save the Union.
Mr. KILGORE. I am informed that this res-
! olution was published in the newspapers of his
| own town,at the time, and that no one assumed to
i contradict it. I have no doubt, Mr. Chan man,
f that Mr. Buchanan's friends would be veryanx-
| ious to deny a great many things connected with
j his political history.
; But, sir, I was remarking that I occupy the
Gentlemen will pardon me for calling their atten
tion to a resolution signed by the distinguished oc-
cupant of the White Blouse, in his native State,
Pennsylvania, in the year 1819, when the Mis-
souri question agitated the whole country:
" Wherea«, the people of tins Suite, pursuing the max-
ims, and animated by the beneficence of the great founder
of Pennsylvania, Iim gave ellect to the gradual abolition of
slavei.v by a national act, which has not only rescued tne
unhappy and helpless Atnean with in their territory fioin the
deinoializmg influence of slavery, but ameliorating his state
and condition throughout Europe and America ; and wneie-
as it would illy comport with those humane and Christian
efforts to be silent spectators when this great cau>e of hu-
manity is about to be agitated in Congress, byhxmg tlie
destiny of the new domains of the United States : Tneie-
fore,
" Resolved, That the Representatives in Congress from
this district be, and they are hei eby, most earnestly request-
ed to use then utmost endeavors, as members of the Na-
tional Legit-lature, to prevent the existence of slavery in any
of the new Territoiies and States which may be created by
Congress.
" Resolved, As the opinion of tins meeting, that as the
Legislatuie of this State will shortly be m session, it will be
highly deserving of their wisdom and patriotism to take mto
their early and most serious consideration the propnety of
instructing our Representatives in the National Legislature
to use the most zealous and strenuous exertions to inhibit the
cj-inten^e of Utn eryin any of ike Teiritories or Stale* w Inch
may hereafter be created by Congress ; and that the mem-
bets of Assembly from this county be requested to em-
brace the earliest opportunity ot bringing tins subject before
both Houses of the Legislature.
" Raolved, That, in the opinion of this meeting, the mem-
bers of Congress who, at the last session, sustained the cause
of justice, humanity, and patriotism, in opponng the intro-
duction of slavery into the State, then endeavored to lie
formed out of the Missouri Territory, are entitled to the
■warmest thanks of every friend of humanity.
u ResoUed, That the proceedings of tins meeting be pub-
lished in the newspapers m this city.
"JAMES HOPKINS,
" VVILLFAM JENKINS,
"JAMES BUCHANAN.
" Thn foregoing resolutions being read were unanimously
adopted ; after which the mectmi adioumed.
WALTER FRANKLIN, Chairman.
"Attest: Wiujaji Jenkins, Secretary. 
Mr. J GLANCY JONES. Do I understand
cinnati convention into the true faith of the South. ;j position occupied by Mr. Clay, and the position
^ •' occupied—as T understand it—by Mr. Buchanan
■' at that particular time. I will not pretend to say
what Mr. Buchanan's opinions are now. I admit
| that this is an age of progression, and that he is
j remarkably progressive for an old gentleman. It
! perhaps would not be amiss for me to remark
i here, that instead^of being an Abolitionist, as the
i; persons with whom I act are charged with being,
I, I am a free-State man.
ii I was born and reared in a slave State, and I
11 am proud of the State of my nativity, for it is one
of the noblest'of the old slave Slates of this Union,
j j She has furnished heroes to the field, and states-
I; men to the council of the nation. It is the land
11 of the lamented Clay. But, as I said, I nowrep-
l, resent here a free interest. The State of myadop-
j; tion is surrounded with everything that is calcu-
li lated to endear me to free institutions. When I
"j contrastthe state ofthings there with what I learn
Ij of the condition of the extreme southern States,
i I am proud of my position. How do we stand ?
is We have our free schools; we have our churches;
I1 we have our academies; we have our charitable
institutions for the benefit of the deaf and dumb, j
the blind, and the insane. We have our thou-
i! sands of miles of railroads, our fields teeming j
jj with abundance, our thriving towns, our flourish- j
b ing cities—everything to endear us to our home. J
j Can those gentlemen who have denounced us on j
this floor as Abolitionists say as much for them- i
selves? I refer, for the condition of the extreme j
southern States, to the declarations of men who ;
l' know all about them; who are not speaking at j
; random, but who have been living witnesses of !
what they have described. My friend from Mis- -
souri [Mr. Blair] did not exhaust all the mate- j
| rials yesterday. Gentlemen have hunted up the i
i; records of pauperism and crime in^some of the j
■; northern States, particularly in the State of New
j| York. To that I have no objection. New York
ij is represented here by gentlemen who are able to
! defend her and her institutions. But { would call
the attention'of gentlemen toa few facts connected
with the history of South Carolina. The gentle-'
man from Missouri [Mr. Blair] quoted from a
speech made by Mr. Gregg, in 1851, before the
South Carolina Institute. There is a part* how-
ever, which he did not quote, and' which-I will
read:
" From the best estimates ^says Mr. Gregg) that! Tuive
been able, to make, i put down the wlnte people who ougfrt
to work, and who do not, or who are .so employed as to be
wholly unproductive to the State, at one hundred and iwen-r
ty five thousand.''
Out of a population of three hundred thousand,
at the outside, there are one hundred and twenty-
five thousand who are not employed at all, or so
employed as to be wholly useless. Mr.'Gregg
follows this up by stating that all the capital, en-
terprise, and intelligence of South Carolina, are
employed in directing slave labor; and that." the
! consequence is, that a large portion of our poor
!l white people are wholly neglected, and are suf-
fered to while away an existence in a state but
one step in advance of the Indian of the forest."
But I am not yet through my quotations from
Mr. Gregg. He says again:
Shall we pass unnoticed the thousands of poor, igno-
rant, degraded, white people among us. who, in this land of
plenty, live in comparative nakedness and starvation?
Many a One is leared in proud South Carolina, from birth
to manhood, who has nevei passed a month in which he
has not some part of the time been stinted for meat. Many
a mtuher is there who will tell yon that her ehildien are but
seaniilyprovided with bread, and much more scantily with
meat; and, if they he clad with comfortable laiment, it is
at the expense of these scanty allowances of food. These
tnaj bo startling statements, but they are nevertheless true;
and. if not believed in Charleston, the members of our JL,e-
gi>lature, who have traveled the State in electioneering
camp-ugn^. can attest the tiuth."
Attest the truth of what? That there are thou-
sands of men, not in her crowded cities, but in
her remote districts, who are suffering for food
and suffering for raiment. When gentlemen talk
of the poor of the North, let them remember that
they have the poor with themselves. Let them
remember what Mr. Greg? says, that their poor
arc not more than half civilized. Here is raw
material for them to operate upon. They have
been operating upon it for a hundred years; and
when they have been operating on it for a hun-
dred years more, I have no doubt they will find
still, a surplus of that raw mateiial. - .
Our churches and school-houses are prized as
we prize our household gods. It is with these
and with our plows, our looms, and our anvils,
we advance ourcivilization. Would it be believed
that in proud South Carolina such misery exists ?
And yet it is lamentably true, as Mr. Gregg at-
tests.
It could not be otherwise when the rich and
productive land is all owned and used by the
slave owner, while the unfortunate poor Whites
are left to the sand-hills and pine-swamps, upon
which a church mouse would starve if allowed the
range of a thousand acres.
i A Senator from South Carolina asks, what
i should we think if they should send missionaries
! among our people? Why, sir, the people of Jn-
| diana would like to see such missionaries from
i the South among their poor people. They wonld
I take great pains to aid them in their benevolent
purposes. They would exhibit to them a people
enjoying all the comforts of life; where free labor
not only receives its merited reward, but is counted
honorable. They would point them to the thou-
sand monuments of general prospeiity to be found
all over our State. They would learn them the
true value of our free institutions. When thus
shown the peacc, happiness,and prosperity, that
pervades every class of society there; finding in-
steadofio/ii.'fis/ai'eSjastheSenatorseemed to think
them, a noble set of freemen, fully informed as to
all their rights; blessing and adorning a country
where free thought, free speech, and a free press,
are enjoyed to their fullest extent, and properly
appreciated, I fear these same missionaries would
haidiy return to the South. But should they do
so, and give the poor white men of the South a
true history of what their eyes had beheld, they
would flee from that region like rats from a sink-
ing ship, until there would not be enough of them
left to patrol the streets and plantations, and watch
the slaves while their masters sleep.
But, says my friend from Mississippi,
Davis,] you are making war upon southern insti-
tutions; and when you make war upon their in-
stitutions, the South will visit you with fire and
