1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hoard.
Ho. or Reps.
statesman well informed on this subject, that he
believes that the Lecompton constitution is the
will and voice of the majority of the people of
Kansas ? I speak merely of the question of num-
bers, nut of the question of legality, because 1
have disposed of that.
Mr. PEYTON. I shall answer your question
fairly and properly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I know you will.
Mr. PEYTON. The remark which I made in
regard to the nine thousand six hundred votes
was for the purpose of calling; my colleague's at-
tention to this fact, that out of the ten thousand
two hundred and fifty votes polled on the 4th of
January, nine thousand six hundred votes were
polled in registered counties where six thousand
votes had been polled in favor of the Lecompton
constitution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I only asked you your
opinion, whether you believe the Lecompton con-
stitution was the wiil and voice of the majority
of the people of Kansas, and whether the votes
in its favor were fraudulent or not?
Mr. PEYTON. Thatis my opinion. I frankly
tell you now that I do not know who has the ma-
jority. The list received is sufficient to satisfy
me that the contest is a close one, and I have no
idea that the anti-Lecomptonites have such an
overwhelming majority as they claim.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. While my friend may
thus remain in doubt, the authentic documents
produced before the Congress of the United
States, and which have been heretofore adverted
to by many a speaker, satisfy my mind, and re-
move all doubt as to what the will of the people
of Kansas is m respect to that constitution; and
that is, that they are preeminently against the
Lecompton constitution.
Thus stand the facts*, and the naked question
i*?, shall we admit Kansas into the Union at the
instance and lequost of two thousand nine hun-
dred and thirty-seven of her people, or shall we
not admit her at the like instance and request of
t°n thousand two hundred and twenty-six ? If
figures could decide it, it seems to me easy of so-
lution. if the sublime truths which underlie the
American Republics, whereby majorities govern
ui their organic laws, it seems to me the question
is easy of solution. But we are told that the vote
on the 4th of January came too late. Too late
for what? Too late to tell us what the people of
Kansas willed ? Certainly not.
But we t\iH told that it was irregular and rev-
olutionary for (hem to have expressed thcr will
in any other form, or at any other tune, than m
the form and m.inner directed in the Lecompton
constitution usidt. That is lemarkable; for it
tii voh to tiie Lecompton constitution validity be-
fore it assumes to possess it—makes it the law
before it is accepted by Congress; arid assumes
for the people of a Territory, m their colonial or
dependent condition, the power, whenever they
see proper, to rail a convention, to make absolute
laws, supplanting, by their own mere force, the
preexisting authority exercised by the Territoi ird
Legislature established by Congress, and without
the consent of Congress. Hut, tiixam, is not this
srlil more remarkable, as coming fiOin those same
Locomptonitcs who contend, even after their
constitution has successfully passed through all
the forms of law, been ratified by the people, and
approved by Congress, that immediately thoie-
after the people may disregard all its provisions
m lesard to its alteration or amendment, and
change, alter, or abolish it at pleasure; and yet,
berore the constitution is established, while it is
yet in fori or the progress of establishment, that
same people can do no act to arrest it.
Mr. Chairman, both these propositions cannot
be true, and common nense has but little difficulty
in determining which is true. 1 have already
shown that there is no such legality in the pro-
ceedings which led to theformation oftheLecomp-
ton constitution as estops the Congress. ] ndeed,
Mr, Congress, in tho admission of new States, has
thus far been limited byfew rules of legabty, tech-
nicality, or form. It has acted upon the vauous
cases according to the facts which attended them,
ever carrying out the will of the people of the new
State, howeverexpressed or however ascertained.
One thing the Congress has never done, and that
is to admit a State into the Union u ider a consti-
tution contrary to the well-known wishes of her
people. This, if ever done, will first be done in
Kansas. Her people have expressed, in every
form they can command, their determined op-
position to the Lecompton constitution. A major-
ity of nearly ten thousand of her people tell you
not to atcept it as the fundamental organic law of
the State; her Legislature, by a unanimous vote,
beseeches you not to do so; and even the officers
elected uncler the Lecompton constitution itself
protest against your so doing:
" We, the officers elected under said constitution, do most
K'specuuily and earnestly pi ay your iionoiable boihes not to
admit Kansas into the Union under sniil constitution, and
thus torce upon an unwilling people an organic law against
their express will, and in violation of every principle of pop-
ular government.'"
Signed by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor,
Secretary of State, State Treasurer, and Auditor.
Against these solemn and earnest appeals why
should we seek to admit her under the Lecomp-
ton constitution? Above all, why should the
South seek to admit her? What will we gain by
it? Mr. Chairman, we shall gain a loss. We
shall set instructions, which, being taught, may
return to plague the inventors. This will inev-
itably be the rase in regard to the new theories
now inculcated for the ready overthrow of con-
stitutions, by the unrestrained fiat of majorities.
Wo show ourselves, perhaps, willing to extend
our peculiar institution against the \Vill of the ma-
jority of those amongst whom we would carry it,
giving the majority opposed to us, should they
have power, pretexts for disregarding our right
and our pioperty. But if these consequences did
not follow, we gain no foothold for our slaves m
Kansas, since the advocates of admission under
the Lecompton constitution themselves Ull the
people there that they may turn slavery out as
soon as you j^ot the constitution in. I would have
the South play no such paltry game. I would re-
joice to have Kansas a slave State, if she could be
permanently so with the consent of her people.
i will not violate the general principles of free
government, whereby the American people are
authorized to establish their own institutions in
theirown way,for the paltry advantage of having
Kansas forced into the Union underthe Lecomp-
ton constitution as a slave State for a moment, to
be scorned and kicked out instantly thereafter,
and forever.
Dut we are told that the admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution will localize the
slavery excitement and give peace to the country.
I believe this to be one of the profoundest de-
lusions that ever presented itself to an intelligent
mind. Leave a people free to settle their own in-
stitutions, and they cannot long remain excited.
Restrain the.m, and it is the inevitable outbreak of
the Ameiican heart, Noith and South and every-
where, to resist you. I believe in my conscience
that to force the Lecompton constitution upon the
people of Kansas against their consent, expressed
in so many forms as I have shown you, will be
to sound the tocsin for a wilder and deeper and
far more pervading popular commotion than any
you have ever known. It will not be confined to
Kansas: but, rolinur from its level plains, it will
sweep through the northwestern prames and the
mountains of New England, until every hamlet
and village and town and county will be instinct
with excitement.
On the contrary, do justice to Kansas; do not
to her what you would not have done to your-
selves; encompass her not with nice technicalities
of law; but suffer her people to speak and act their
will; extend to them, in fact, what you profess to
extend to all in theory—the right to regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way—and, my
life for ;t, peace will prevail fiom one end of our
beloved country to the other.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. CHAS. 13. HOARD,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
March 30, 1358.
The IIou"(  being ra the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. HOARD Paid:
Mi. CiiAiKMAx: 1 have nought the floor for the
purpose of presenting the free-State view of the
questions now agitating the country, as I under-
stand it, truthfully and frankly. With little prep-
aration and less experience, I can only hope, in
a desultory manner, to perform a task which I
regret has not been undertaken by the ablest and
most experienced member from the free States.
There is a misapprehension, or else a studied
misrepresentation, of the sentiments and inten-
tions of the free States, by those who have spoken
from the slave States during this discussion; and,
as I hope that no one desires to add to the present
excitement by misrepresentations, I am persuaded
that they do misapprehend the facts. It is our
first duty to endeavor, by frank and full inter-
change of opinions, to ascertain wherein the real
difference between us exists; and then we can
agree, or differ, as men. To accomplish this, w«
must lay aside the tricks of politicians, the tech-
nicalities of law, and the arts of diplomacy, which
appear to be out of place in adjusting difficulties
between members of the same family—proprietors
having a common interest in the welfare and des-
tiny of the Government and the country. Cer-
tainly, if we could forget our party prejudices for
a few days, and enter upon the discussion of the
questions before us with a desire to come to some
just, conclusions, we could either agree upon some
mode of settling present difficulties, and avoiding,
in the future, such controversies, or, failing to do
that, we could determine not to agree, and come
to the responsibility before us deliberately and
calmly. These angry debates, these imputations,
threats, and recriminations, are neither pleasant
nor profitable; and they do not add luster to our
reputation as national legislators, or dignity to the
American Congress.
It cannot be the desire of any friend of the Union
that the action of Congress, on the question before
the country, shall tend to aggravate present diffi-
culties ; and, therefore, a question of this character
should not be made a party test, or settled by a
party vote. Can the President imagine that any
party has a higher interest in the welfare of the
country than the people have ? Why, then, not
leave the Representatives free to act and vote as
they please, responsible only to their constituents
for the manner m which they shall discharge this
high trust?
The people of the free States are opposed to
slavery. There may be a few individuals in the
free States that do not concur in the general sen-
timent; but it is nevertheless proper to say, that
the people there are opposed to the institution.
This opposition is not confined to any political
party, to any class m society, to any sect or de-
nomination. It pervades the whole people, and
is ns universal there as Christianity. The insti-
tution of slavery is looked upon as a moral, so-
cial, and political evil of great magnitude. It is
discussed in its various aspects at the altar, at the
fireside, at the hustings, and on the stump. We
have abolished it by law; and we look upon that
action as furnishing one of the strongest element**
of our prosperity, and as the cause of our more
lapitl advancement in wealth and general improve-
ment. We have noticed the advancement of
neighboring States, apparently equal in natural
advantages; and in no single instance has the State
in which slavery exists kept pace with the States
which are free. In schools, in churches, in libra-
ries, in manufactures, in roads,in canals, in com-
merce, in domestic peace and security,in'agricul-
ture and m wealth, (upon soil where the natural
advantages are equal,) the free States uniformly
excel. We believe that slavery degrades labor
wherever it exists; and therefore free laborers
will not live in a slave State, or emigrate to a slave
Territory.
The free States have already twice as much
population as the slave States, and therefore re-
quire, upon every rule of equity, twice as much
territory for surplus population as the slave States;
and in the ordinary course of things must create
free States twice as rapidly as you can under the
same rules cicate slave States. In addition to
this, the interests of all foreign emigration go with
the free Status, which, added to the migration
of free-State men from the slave States, would
prohrhly r< quire, on terms of perfect.equity, three
iourths of tiie territory, or three free States, to
one slave State. With what propriety, then, or
