220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 7, 1858.
The House inet at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. E. P.Bittimcer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SELECT COMMITTEE, ETC.
The SPEAKER announced Messrs. Burnett,
Morris of Illinois, Morrjll, Faulkner, and
Pettit, as the select committee, under the reso-
lution of Mr. Smith, of Illinois, in reference to
the sale of the Port Snelling reservation; Mr.
Crawford to fill the vacancy 111 the Committee of
"Ways and Means, occasioned by the resignation
of Mr. Banks; and Mr. Taylor, of Louisiana,
to fill the place on the Committee of Claims, va-
cated by Mr. G-iddings, who was excused from
further service on that committee by the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate have passed a bill entitled,
" An act to detach Selma, m the State of Ala-
bama, from the collection district of New Orleans,
and to make it a port of delivery within the col-
lection district of Mobile;" in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMBOATS.
The SPE A ft ERannounced, as the regular order
of business, the motion to lay upon the table the
motion made yesterdayhy the gentlemanfrom Il-
linois, [Mr. Washrcrne,] to reconsider the vote
by which the further consideration of the bill for
the protection of passengers on vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, was postponed to
the first Tuesday in February.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will withdraw, by consent
of the House, my motion to lay upon the table
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was postponed to the first Tuesday of Feb-
ruary, for the purpose of moving its reference
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
■the Union; and I will say this to the House, as
the reason which induces me to do so: this bill,
when it comes up, may prove to bo a good bill,
and unobjectionable; or it may not be; but it is
of such a character, however, as requires investi-
gation, and requires time to understand its vari-
ous provisions,and the House will consume time
before they act upon it. The bill, therefore,
when it comes up, either upon the motion to re-
consider or when the first Tuesday of February
arrives, comes up in the morning hour, and con-
sumes the entire morning hour until it is disposed
of, so that every committee of the House, and
every member of the House who, as a member
of a committee, may desire to make a report to
the House, is precluded from doing so until the
business now put upon the morning hour—and
that clogs up the business of the morning hour-
is disposed of. I think that is unfair upon other
legislation. I do not charge the gentleman with
endeavoring to do anything unfair; yet, so far as
all other members are concerned, and so far as
all other business is concerned, it acts unfairly,
and must do so. I think the motion ought to be
reconsidered now, and that the bill ought to be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The Calendar in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union is now a very short one,
and there cannot be much delay or difficulty in
progressing down the Calendar, at any time, far
enough to reach this bill. This bill being entitled
to no advantage over other business, I think it
ought to take its luck with other business, and be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and the morning hour be left
free and untrammeled, so that the committees of
this House may report, and members be able to
bring their business before the House for action,
as their turns may come.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only desire
to detain the House one moment, to make a state-
ment in reference to this bill. I think there is
not a member of this House who will not admit
the necessity of some legislation m regard to the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
of steamboats. I think what we have "seen the
last few months admonishes us all that there is
eomething still further required at our hands for
the protection of human life on board of steam-
boats.
The bill which I was ordered to report, and
which I did report yesterday morning by the di-
rection of the Committee on Commerce, is the
same bill which was perfected with a great deal
of care, labor, and attention by both Houses of
Congress during the last Congress; and it only fell
through for the want of time and by continued post-
ponements. It has been introduced this year, at
this session of Congress; and the object of the
committee is to have as early action as is practi-
cable. When I reported it, I was ordered by the
committee to ask that its further consideration be
postponed to a future time, when it will bo certain
to come up. In the mean time the bill would be
printed, so that members of the House would be
enabled to examine it, and to suggest any amend-
ment they thought proper.
One word in relation to the object I had in view,
that the House may understand the motive I had
in moving to reconsider the vote. The bill was
postpo ned until the first Tuesday of February, and
it would come up at that time if nothing intervened
to prevent it; but if, for instance, there should be
no session of the House on that day, or some
question of higher privilege should intervene, the
bill would goto the Speaker's table, where it could
be reached only by a two-third vote; and I made
this motion to reconsider, not for the purpose of
taking any advantage of this House, not for the
purpose of bringing it up before every member
of the House had an opportunity to examine the
bill; but merely to prevent its going upon the
Speaker's table, where it would be measurably
out of the control of the House. I am not par-
ticular about the reconsideration of this vote. I
am not particular about this vote standing over.
All that I want is, that this bill, so important to
the country, this bill in which so much interest is
taken, which is so much demanded, should be in
such a situation that the House can act upon it.
The gentleman from Alabama makes the old-
fashioned appeal here, which we who have been
here some time fully appreciate, to send this bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Now, no man knows better than the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that this sending a bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union is consigning it "to the tomb of the Cap-
ulets,"
Mr. HOUSTON. This cry of the gentleman
from Illinois is familiar to me and to members
who have been here any length of time. But the
difference between that gentleman's course here-
tofore and his course now is, that then the cry
was raised towards the close of a session of Con-
gress, while now he commences calling it the tomb
of the Capulets during the first weeks of the ses-
sion, and before we have had time enough to com-
mit to the Committee of the Whole bills enough to
clog it up, so as to prevent reaching his bill. I
say that if his bill is one that can command the
support of a majority of the votes of members of
this House, there is not the least difficulty in going
down the Calendar so as to reach it, and reach it
at any time, and without the least possible trouble.
So thai the argument, while it may suit, and 1 may
hear it with more favor from him when the session
is coming to a close, is one which I cannot con-
sent to hear now, when there is comparatively
nothing upon the Calendar of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That, sir,
is a continuation of the same old song. I have
heard it said before that we can pass over the
other bills on the Calendar and get at any partic-
ular bill. That, we all know, is impracticable.
Why, sir, this bill is No. 4.">; and there is not a
member here, who is familiar with the transaction [
of business in the House, who does not know !
that we can never get at it in the regular order in
the Committee of "the Whole on the state of the '
Union. We all know that.
I do not wish, however, to detain the House
in reference to this matter. I have no particular
feeling on the subject. I only desire that this
1, bill, which is, as I have said, of such vast im-
jj portance, may be kept within the control of the
II House; and 1 think wo may be able to consider
j' it on the first Tuesday in February, to which day
ij it has been postponed.
11 One word more, in reply to the gentleman from
Alabama. He spoke of blocking up the morn-
ing hour, and depriving other committees of the
privilege of making reports. 1 would remind the
honorable member of the amendment which has
been made in the rules of the House, which pro-
vides that the morning hour shall not be occupied
for more than two consecutive days by any com-
mittee. Hence this bill only may be able to oc-
cupy the morning hour on two days; and I be-
lieve it can be disposed of in less than that time.
I move, sir, to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask the CKair a question ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair
and the gentleman whether this bill, coming up
during the morning hour would not have to be
considered during the morning hour as the unfin-
ished business,until disposed of?
The question was taken on Mr. Washbckne's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
EIGHTH OF JANUARY.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. To-morrow being
the 8th of January, I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Saturday next.
Mr. MORGAN. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend the mo-
tion, so as to provide that the House shall meet
on Monday. Saturday legislation is mischievous,
and I am opposed to it.
Mr. MORGAN. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays for the present, and ask for a divis-
ion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Morgan were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 86, noes 62.
Mr. RE1LLY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 90,
nays 88; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs- Arlrain, Andeison, Atkins, Avery. Barks-
dale, Bennett, Billmeliurst, Howie, Boyce, Branch,'Bryan,
Burlingame, Bums, Burroughs, Caskic, Chapman, John B.
Claik, Clay, Clemens, John Cochrane, Colfax, Comins,
Corning, Cox, Jame? Craig, Burton Oraige, Curry, Curtis,
Davidson, Davis of Massachusetts, Edie, English, Faulk-
nei, Fenton, Florence, Gillis, Goode, Greenwood, Law-
lence VV. Hall, J. Mouison Hanis, Thomas L. Ilams,
Ha^km, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Huyler, Jack-on. Jen-
kins, Jcwett, Owen Jones,Keitt, Kellogg, JacobM. Kunkel,
Leidj* Letter, Letcher, McKiblnn, Samuel S. Marshall,
Miles, Miller, Moore, Freeman II. Moise, Niblaek, Phelps,
Phillips, Quitman, Ready, Ilicaud, Ritchie, Ruffin, Russell,
Savage, Scott, Aaton Shaw, HcniyM. Shaw, Shoiter, Sin-
gleton, lloben Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stephens,
Stevenson, Talbot, Miles Taylor,Thayer, Elhhu B. Wash-
burn^, White, Wilson, Woodson, and Wortemlyive—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Andrews, Bingham, Bish-
op, J)h?s, Bocock, Btaj-tou, BufTmtou, Case, Cn.iflee, Ezia
Clatk, Chngman, Cohb, Cnekeull, Covode, Davis of Mi«-
pissippi, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Pewart, Podd,
Dowdell, Durfee, Foley,Foster, Ganrcli, Guiding. Gilmm,
Gianc^r, Grecrr, Giocsbeck, Grow, ttobeit B. Hall, Harlan,
Hili, Hoard, Hopkm>, Iloiton, Houston, llowaid. George
W. Jones, J. Glaticy Jones, Kehey, Kilgoic, Knapp, John
C. Ku'iki'l, Leach, Lovejoy, Maynaid, Monrgomoiy, Mor-
gan, MoriilJ, J-aac N Morris, Oliver A. Mouse, Mott, Mur-
ray, Nichols OUn, Palmer, Pendleton, Pcttit, Peyton, Pot-
ter, Pottle, Reagan, Kcilly, Bobbins, Royce, Scales, John
£hrrman, Judson W. Sheiman, Stanton, James A. Stewart,
Wiiham Stewart, Georgp Taylor, Thompson, Tompkins,
Tiippc, Wade, Walbridge, Waldion, Walton, Wanen,
Cadwalader C. Wasiiburne, Israel WTasliburn, Walking,
and Zollicofj'er—83.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
, Mr. MORGAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Parker, had been detained from the House for
several days by the severe illness of his wife.
The quention recurred on the motion of Mr.
Jones, ofTennessee, as amended.
The House divided on the motion; and there
were—ayes 98, noes 68.
Mr. MORGfAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether it does not come under the Jesuit's rule
of a reasonable doubt, if the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] votes on one side, against the
adjournment, and the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letciier] on the other, in favor of it ?
[Laughter.]
