ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 84; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ad rain, Anderson, Atkm<a, Avery, Baiks-
dale, Bilimgburst, Blair, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Bryan,
Builingame, Burnett, Bums, JJunoughs, Uaskic, Chapman,
John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, John Cochrane, Cockenll,
Colfax, Corning, Co*, Janice Craig, Burton Craijje, Cuiry,
Curtis, Davidson, Davis oi Maryland, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dewart, Edie, Edmund<on> English, Faulkner, Teu-
ton, Florence, Gillie, Goode, Cieemvood, Grof?heck, Law-
rence W. Half, J. Morrison Hams,Thomas L. Harris, Ilas-
kin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Jluyier, Jackson, Jenkins,
Owen Jones, Kent, Kelio^g, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkcl, John
O. ICunkel, Landy, Leidy, Leiter, Letclior, McKibhin, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, Mile?, Miller, Moore, Fieeman H. Morse,
Niblack, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Rufiin, Sandidge, Scott, Aaron Shaw,
Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Smgleton, Robert Smith, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stephens, Stevenson,
Talbot, MilusTaylor, Thayer, Elhhu B. Washburnc, White,
Whiteley, Wilson, Window, Wood«on,Wouendyke, John
V. Wnght, and Zolhcofler—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bingham, Bliss, Bo-
cock, Bray ton, Buffinton, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Ciark, Olinsj-
man. Cobb. Coming, Covode, Dainrelh Davis of Mississippi,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dorid, Dowdell.Farnsworth,
Foley, Foster, Gurnett, Garuell, Gidihn^, Gilmei, Good-
win, Granger, Greffg. Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hill,
Hoard, Hopkins, Hoiton, Houston, Howard, Jewell, George
W. Jones, J. GIanc}? Jones, Kelsey, Kilgoie, Knapp, Leach,
Lovejoy, Maynard, Montgnmerv, Morgan, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Mur-
ray, Nichols, OJin, Palmer, Pettit, Peyton, Potter, Pottle,
Reilly, Robbing, Royee, Scales, John Sherman, Judson W.
Sherman, Stanton, James A. Stewart, William Stewart,
George Taylor, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washbuine,
Istael Washburn, and Watkins—-84.
So it was ordered that when the House adjourns,
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Pending- the call of the roll—
Mr. PHILLIPS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Dimmick, was detained from the House by indis-
position.
Mr. LETCHER, when his name was called,
said: Will it be in order to remove the difficulty
my friend from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] is
laboring under?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I vote ay."
Mr. KEITT stated that his colleague, Mr. Bon-
ham, had been for some time, and was yet, too
unwell to attend the sessions of the House.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended., and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Before the House
goes into Committee of the Whole, I wish, with
the consent of my colleagues on the Committee of
Ways and Means, to make a motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is informed that the chair is unoccupied.
The House, then resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the Piesident'ts message, the pending-
question being on the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr, MaynardJ to amend the
third resolution submitted by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. J. Glancy .
Jones] to refer the message to the appropriate !
standing committees of the House, upon which i
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Thayer] !
was entitled to the floor. I
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the consent i
of the gentleman from Massachusetts to yield me !
the floor to make the motion that the committee ■
rise for the purpose of closing debate upon the I
resolutions before them. !
Mr. THAYER. I will yield to the gentleman. 1
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the 1
committee rise. j
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask for tellers j
upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Hawkins were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 34, noes 93.
So the motion was disagreed to.
the neutrality laws.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Chairman, it is my >
purpose to offer an amendment to the resolution ■
which is now before the committee, for the pur- i
pose of wideningtho proposed investigation. I do >
not propose to discuss at all the topics which the ;
committee has been considering during the past '
three days. I am not here to consider whether j
Mr. Walker was legally or illegally arrested, or
whether Commodore Paulding is to be censured
or applauded for his action. I have no sympathy
with the course pursued by the President, l have
no intention to discuss his position in relation to
this matter, neither is it my purpose to enter the
lists with the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard,] who discussed the heroism of Mr.
Walker, who, claiming to be the President of Nic-
aragua, submitted without a protest and without
a blow to a power upon his own soil, which he
claimed to be an invading force. If there is any
heroism in this, I am not here to discuss that
question.
I thrust aside, for the present, all questions of
legal technicality in this matter; all the mysteries
of the construction of the neutrality laws; all
these questions which have engrossed the atten-
tion of the House during the last three days, and
concerning which everybody has been speaking
and nobody caring; and I come to that greatpara-
mount, transcendent question, about which every-
body is caring and nobody is speaking: " How
shall we Americanize Central America ?"
It may be a matter of surprise that I pass over
two or three questions which, in their natural
order, seem to be antecedent to this one. And these
questions are, first, Do we wish to Americanize
Central America? Secondly, Can we Americanize
Central America? Thirdly, Shall we Americanize
Central America ?
Now, Mr. Chairman, I say that .whoever has
studied the history of this country, and whoever
; knows the character of this people, and whoever
can infer then* destiny from their character and
their history, knows that these three preliminary
questions are already answered hy the American
people—that we do loi&h to Amcricamzc Central
America; that we can Americanize Central Amer-
ica; and that we shall Americanize Central Amer-
ica.
And now, Mr. Chairman, in relation to the
manner and the agency. How can we American-
ize Central America? Shall we do it legally and
fairly, or illegally and unfairly? Shall we doit
j by conferring a benefit on the people of Central
I America, or shall we do it by conquest, by rob-
j bery, and violence ? Shall we do it without
, abandoning national laws, and without violating
i our treaty stipulations? Shall we do it in accord-
j ance with the law of nations and the laws of the
! United States; or shall we do it by force, blood,
| and fire?
I Now, Mr. Chairman,my position is this: that
j we will do it legally; that we will do it in accord-
ance with the highest laws, human and Divine.
By what agency shall thin be accomplished ?
By the way, sir, I did agree with the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. H\skin,] who told
! us yesterday that he was not in favor of petty
j larceny; but I did not agree with him when he
, said that he was in favor of grand larceny. I
regret that a Representative of the people of the
United States in the Council Hall of the nation
should say to his constituents, to the nation, and
the world, that he and the Democratic party weie
" rather in favor of grand larceny." Larceny is
larceny; and you cannot say a meaner thing about
it than to call it by its own name. I am pained
that this report has gone forth that any party,or
that any individual in this House, or connected
with this Government, is in favor of grand lar-
ceny or petty larceny. Larceny, grand or petty,
is not only disgraceful, but is absolutely and ut-
terly contemptible. We do not go for the acqui-
laws so plain that every man may know whether
he is in the right or in the wrong, whether he is
violating those laws or is not violating them. For,
Mr. Chairman, with our ne\v-fWhioned kind of
emigration, with our organized emigration, which
goes in colonies, and, therefore, must of necessity
to some extent resemble a military organization,
there is great danger that a President with a dim
intellect may make a mistake, and subject to har-
assing and vexatious delays, and sometimes to
loss and injury, a peaceful, quiet colony going out
to settle in a neighboring State.
Mr. Chairman, I can illustrate this position.
You, sir, remember that in the year 1856, when
it was bad traveling across the State of Missouri,
on the way to Kansas, that our colonies went
through the State of Iowa, and through the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska. These'were peaceful, quiet
colonies, going to settle in the Territory of Kan-
sas, by that long and wearisome journey, because
it was bad traveling through the State of Missouri.
You remember that one of these colonies of or-
ganized emigrants, which went from Maine and
Massachusetts, and from various other northern
States, was arrested just as it was passing over
the southern boundary of the Territory of Ne-
braska, on its way to its future home in Kansas.
It was a peaceful, quiet colony, going out with its
emigrant wagons all in a row, and therefore look-
ing something like a military organization—going
out with their women and their children, with sub-
soil plows with coulters a yard long, [laughter],
with pick-axes, with crowbars, with shovels,and
with garden seeds. This beautiful colony was
arrested by the officials of the present Executive's
predecessor. It was by some mistake, no doubt.
Perhaps ho took the turnip-seed for powder; and
I doubt whether the case would have been better
if the President had been there himself. This
colony was arrested within our own dominion.
It was not an emigration to a foreign country, and
there was no danger of interference with the neu-
trality laws. These quiet, peaceful colonists, be-
cause their wagons went in a row, for mutual de-
fense through the wild uncultivated Territory of
Nebraska, where there were Indians, they were
arrested as a military organization. We do not
want hereafter, either within the limits of the
United States or without them, any sweh meddle-
some and vexatious interference hy the executive
power of this Government. Therefore, I say, let
us have some neutrality laws that can be under-
stood. If there had been no apprehensions in the
North about the neutrality laws, if we had not
expected thatwhatever emigration we might have
fitted out for Central America would have been
arrested within the marine league of the harbor
of Boston, why we would have colonized Central
America a dozen years ago, and had it ready for
admission into the Union before this time. We
want a modification or an elucidation of the neu-
trality laws, and I trust that it will be the duty of
the committee so to report.
Before I proceed to consider the power and ben-
efits of this system of organized emigration, and
the reason why it ought not to be rejected by this
House, I will proceed, as briefly as 1 can, to show
the interests which the northern portion of this
country has in Americanizing Central America,
as contrasted with the interests which the south-
ern portion has in doing the same thing. I come,
then, to speak of the immense interests which
the northern States have in this proposed enter-
prise. I am astonished that so far in this debate
. A „ the advocates for Americanizing Central America
sition or the Americanization of territory by lar- | seem to be mostly fro$i those States which border
ceny of any kind whatever, but fairly, openly, '
and honorably. !
Then, sir, by what agency may wo thus Amer-
icanize Central America ? 1 reply to the question, .
by the power of organized emigration. That is j
abundantly ablo to give us Central America as j
soon as we want it. We could have American- !
ized Central America half a dozen times by this :
power within the last three years if there had been j
no danger or apprehension of meddlesome or vex- j.
atious executive interference. But if we aie to Ij
use this mighty power of organized emigration, ••
we want a different kind of neutrality laws from
on the Gulf of Mexico. As yet, I have heard no
man fiom the northern States advocating the same
thing. Let us look at the interests of the northern
States in this question, and then at those of the
southern States.
These northern States are, as the States of north-
ern Europe were designated by Tacitus, officina
gentium, " the manufactory of nations.'* "We can
make one State a year. In the last three years we
have colonized almost wholly the Territory of
Kansas. Wc have furnished settlers to Minnesota
and Nebraska, and the Lord knows where, and
wc have not exhausted one half of our natural in-
those which we now have; and, therefore, I am de- !' crease. We have received accessions to our num-
sirous that this committee shall recommend some- ;j bers in that time, from foreign countries, ot more
thing which shall not subject us to the miseon- ij than one million souls, and now we have no in-
struction of the President of the United States or 'j lief; we are worse off to-day than we were when
to his construction at all. I want these neutrality j I we began to colonize Kansas. We must have
