2338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
doubt as to the right of the sitting member. These
votes which are questioned wefe admitted at the
polls; and no rule is betterestablished in contested
elections than that a vote passed upon and admit-
ted by the judges is to be held good until it is
proved (not supposed or presumed) to be bad.
It is a dangerous precedent to set, to permit the
statements of voters, not on oath,.to unseat and
supplant members holding certificates of election;
for every one knows that statements as to howa
party intends to vote, or has voted, are often made
the reverse of the fact.
It is not unusual to refer cases of contested elec-
tion back to the people. Such was the action of
the House in 1792, in the case of Jackson vs.
Wayne; in 1806, in McFarland us. Culpepper; in
1817, in Easton vs. Scott. In 1823, in Adams vs.
Wilson, the Committee of Elections reported a
resolution declaring the seat vacant, 44 it being
doubtful, from the evidence, who ought to have
beenreturned,"&c. This report was not concurred
in by the House. In 1833, in Letcher us. Moore:
in the debate upon this case Mr. Wise said:
" The uncertainly in this case did not he in the consti-
tution or laws, but in il\e facts of the eas,e. Upwards of mx
hundred votes had been polled, and yet the ouestion was
reduced, according to some gentlemen, to a difference of
twelve disputed votes." * * * * Thoie
was a mas  of conflicting testimony which icsted in c om-
parative credibility, of which the Hoiko could not judgf
far) have been consumed in discussing a single country; and last, though not least, appropria-
subject, while the entire business portion of the , ttons for the public printing, binding, engraving,
community have been struggling and suffering, p~" "-1—u   -n~ 1...1- .......
unheeded, and apparently uncared for by us, who
have had it in our power at any time to adopt
measures that would at once dispel the gloom and
depression that now weigh upon the minds of
business men, cheertheir hearts, nerve their arms,
and send them once more bounding forward in a
career of activity and enterprise, such as we have
witnessed in times past.
Our constituents have all this time been patient,
because they have been hopeful. They have
looked anxiously for the time when we should dis-
pose of the all-absorbing Kansas question, confi-
dent that when that was out of the way Congress
could not so far fail in its duty as not immedi-
&c., which amounts, annually, to the little item
of two or three millions.
The second subject deemed a constitutional one
for Congress to act upon, is the abrogation of fish-
ing bounties; third, the abrogation of treaties;
fourth, the construction of a railroad from the
Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean; and fifth,
the graming of immense bodies of public lands
indirectly to railroad companies in the States in
which the lands lie; though it is not constitu-
tional to distribute the proceeds of the public do-
main to all the States, whose common property
it is.
As to a tariff, if it is to raise money to pay
Federal officers, support the Army and Navy, or
now almost stationary wheels of industry.
Sir, if it is not our duty, as a national legislative |
body, to look to the great national inteicsts of j
finance, trade, commerce, and manufactures—to !
remove whatever causes may operate to depress >
or to paralyze them—then I must confess 1 can i
see little use m our meeting here, and I have been I
brought up in a school tlrat has taught me most i
erroneous notions as to the duties of this body; '
The most certain,'the most pioper, the most republican ,j au(j j cannot but think that the people, at least in j
mode to settle the question was to send it back to the ik'u- i nu i    :
ately to turn its attention to " the state of the ! supply funds to be appropriated under any of
Union," and set about doing something to restore ( the heads I have mentioned, it is a constitutional
its prostrate energies and give an impetus to the [| subject,according to the doctrinaires for Congress
mode to settle the question was to send it back to the p
pie." ;
In 1836, in PTewland ds. Graham; in 1837-38, '
in Prentice and Wood va. Gholson and Claiborne; |
in 1849-50,in Millervs.Thompson; and in 1855- ]
56 in Archer rs. Allen. These cases are suifi- J
cient as precedents and as authority; and in the !
case now under consideration, where there is so jl
much doubt and uncertainty, it seems to me the ;
only just decision that can be made will be by the 'j
people themselves from whom these contesting 'j
parties come. ji
The Journals of this House show too manyde- !;
cisions of contests like this, where they have been
made by strict paity votes. Such records go far ■ ;
to weaken the confidence of the people, it' not our I
own confidence, in the impartiality and integrity 'j
of this body. It is far better, m enses whore there 1'
is reasonable doubt of the result, to refer it to the i
people. Neither the contestant nor sitting mem- .
ber should fear to go to that Iku. There let us 1
send it. !
I have no feeling in the world, so far as T can i
judge, between these parties, winch influences my >
judgment. Politically they have been with the
contestant; but I cannot escape the coUrtCion.snejs,
ihat if I am forced to vote m favor of either, to
the exclusion of the other, 1 shall do violence to
my own sense of light and justice. 1 have, in
leviewmg this question, discarded all technicali- |
ties and ail considerations except such as reach di- |
leetly to tlie merits of the ronti oversy. To these :
let the inquiry be confined, and by them let it be j
settled, either hero or by the people of the third j
congressional district oi Ohio. \
I now demand the previous question. '
The previous question was seconded. j
Mr. BINGU AM. 1 move that the rules be sus- i
pended, and that the House resolve itself mto the j
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of debate only. I
The motion was agreed to. j
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the |
House resolved itself into the Committee of the .
Whole on the state of the Union, and proceeded (
to the consideration of the bill making appropna- j
tions for foitmcations and other works of defense, I
for the year ending June 30, 1859. j
Mr. DURKEti. Mr. Chairman,representing, ,
as 1 do, a constituency which is largely interested
in manufactures, trade, and commerce, and whose
industrial pursuits hove been stricken as with a
that portion of the Union with which I am more
especial! y acquainted, will come to the same con-
clusion. Tiioy have longsmce formed the opinion
that those who commit ute tins body are more intent
upon making speeches than m endeavoring " to
promote the gencial welfare," and i fear wo aie
about to give them further reason for entertaining
such an opinion. We have passed a joint reso-
lution to adjourn on the 7th of June, which is
now near at hand: and yet, what have we done?1
or what have we time to do, if we adjourn then,
to set the ■> i e<: t machinei y of business, now stand-
ing almost idle, a^ain in active mojaou? What
to act upon. But if, in the imposing of duties,
an eye is turned to the effect they may have upon
our own industrial interests, and they are so laid
as that in raising sufficient revenue, they arc made
to furnish incidental protection to our manufac-
tures, then it becomes, according to these sage
statesmen, unconstitutional!
But, in stating what are now deemed constitu-
tional and unconstitutional subjects of congres-
sional legislation by tins class of politicians, a
general rule may be given by which the consti-
tutionality or unconstitutionality of any given
question or subject maybe at once ascertained;
it is this: if the legislation proposed is expected
to benefit, or is desired by the South, or the Dem-
ocratic party, ir is constitutional; if it is desired
hyt or is expected to benefit the North, it is un
constitutional, even though it might promote the
■elfare of the whole nation.
This statement may seem to be rather hyp°r-
(Toiical, but, unfortunately for us, there is moie
truth than poetry or hyperbole in it. The tune
was when the South deemed "high protective
answer can wo give to our constituents, when, on jj duties" upon loreign goods, and especially upon
letunnn*; to our homes, they ask us what great
i measuie we have ougmntcd and perfected, having
; tor its object the relief of the country, now so
| depressed in her financial, manufacturing, and
i commercial interests? We can tell them, to be
sine, that we spent a <rreat deal of time m endeav-
i onng to enlighten thciu m regard to the attempt
| of the Administration and its supporters to force
1 upon the people of Kansas a constitution con-
i reived in sin, biought forth in iniquity, and cov-
. ('red all over with fraud — a cnnsiuution in the
, formation of which the people bad had no voice,
| and v.'( re not permitted to say whether they liked
! it or detested it.
I in dour*- that, their reply may be, " you have
j but done your duty; thout'h you took an uiuie-
, cessarily long time for it.*' But having disposed
| of that subject, why not turn your attention to
| the "state of the Unionnna inquire whether die
j country was in a state of prosperity15 whether our
j commerce was m a healthy and tinifty condition 5
[ whe-ther, m every department of mdu&tiy, the
j people were doing an active and irmunerating
business? and whether prosperity and content-
ment everywhere pervaded the land?
I must confess, Mr. Chairman, I shall, forone,
hardly know how to give my constituents a sat-
isfactory answer to these questions. I can only
exonerate myself by saying that as far as my
feeble voice could be heard, urging action upon
these important subjects, it was heard; but, had
I been endowed with the eloquence, and could
have sounded the clarion notes of a Clay, my
voice would have fallen on deaf ears and indif-
ferent hearts.
Tnere are but few subjects now that statesmen
of the present prevailing school of doctrinaires
deem it constitutional for Congiess to net upon.
paralysis, and now languish m almost, hopeless :j The first is appropnations—that is to say, such
depression for the want of that aid and sustain- !' appropriations, and such only, as the
ment which thoy are entitled to, and should re
ceive, from a wise, stable, and judicious policy of
national legislation, I feci constrained by a sense , ...
of duty to\hose whom 1 represent in this body, i. clerks, &c., collectors of customs, and, n
to raise my voice in earnest enti'patv that some such as "look to the Executive," and an
my "
measure maybe adopted, ere we separate and re-
turn to our homes, that shall restore animation and
healthful ugor to the diifeient branches of busi-
ness in the country, now so depressed.
Many .months (almost the entire session, thus
rai ex-
ecutive may demand. These include, first, ap-
propriations for the support of the President, his
Cabinet, foreign ministers, heads of bureaus,
ndeed,all
e depend-
ent on him for their respective shares of " the
|j spoils of otfi.ee;" second, appropriations for the
;; Army and Navy; third, appropriations for Con-
j; gross; fourth, appropriations for the public build-
'' mgs in Washington and various cities of the
ill such aw were manufactured of India cotton,
promotive of her interests, and the interests of
the nation; and then it was that " protection to
domestic manufactures" became one of the arti-
cles of Democratic faith, a constitutional meas-
uie, and a favorite one with the American people
gerienvlly. Under the lead of those eminent states-
men, Mr. Lowndes and Mr. Calhoun, of South
Carolina, th£ celebrated miiiimum dull a, weie
laid, which gave the highest/n otcchon—protection
being their object—ever given by any tariff act,
not excepting that of 1828, denounced as "the
bill of abominations."
But the minimum duties having performed their
office—thatof driving goods made of India cotton
out of our markets—protaclion to cotton goods was
no longer deemed necessary by -the South; and
fiom beingafavoiite and cherished policy, became
m their eyes unconstitutional, odious, oppressive,
end tyrannical—so oppressive and odious, in-
deed, a^ to cause South Caiohna to calculate the
value of the Union, resort to nullification, and
threaten an armed resistance to the execution
of the revenue laws of the United States m her
ports. Fortunately for the country, there was, at
that time, a Jackson m the White House and a
Clay in the Capitol. The one stood ready to draw
the sword, while the other succeeded in prevent-
ing so unnatural a conflict and the etfusion of fra-
ternal blood, by the passage of that harmonizing
measure, the compromise tariff act of 1832.
Dining the first five or si.< years of the opera-
tion of that act, the country enjoyed a high de-
cree of prosperity; but then came comparatively
low duties, hu'i^e importations, on inordinate ex-
pansion of the currency by the excessive issue of
bank paper, ruinous speculations, high prices,
large exportation^ of specie to pay for foreign
goods, " the specie crcuiar," thes.oppage by the
banks of specie payments, a general financial and
commercial revulsion, and universal bankruptcy.
For a few yeni s the country was utteily prostrate;
business of all kinds was at a stand; our cotton
and woolen mills shut up; our laborers un- m-
ployed; and gloom settled upon the land, it was
natural, in this state of things, that the peome
should look to Congress for relief. Nor did they
look in vain. So low was our credit, that the
Government was unable to obtain a small loan of
twelve million dollars, either here or m Europe,
