228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
an outlet somewhere for our surplus population.
[Laughter.]
Sir, I have gjresolution in my pocket, which I
have been carrying about for days, waiting pa-
tiently for an opportunity to present it in this
House, instructing the Committee on Territories
to report a bill organizing and opening for set-
tlement the Indian territory. Mr. Chairman, I
came to this conclusion with reluctance, that we
must have the Indian territory. But necessity
knows no law. We must go somewhere. Some-
thing must be opened to the descendants of the
.Pilgrims. [Laughter.] Why, sir, iust look at it.
We are cramped in between the Atlantic ocean
and the Rocky Mountains! The bounding billows
of the western tide of our emigration are dashing
fiercely against the base of the Rocky Mountains.
We come now to the obstruction of the great
natural barrier. Nothing is more natural than
that this tide should flow back. Will it flow over
towards Canada? Wot at all. It has already
begun to flow over the " Old Dominion," [laugh-
ter,] and into other Status. Missouri is almost
inundated with it. We cannot check this tide of
flowing emigration. You might as well try to
shut out by curtains the light of the aurora bore-
alis. No such thing can be accomplished. This
progress must be onward, and wa must have terri-
tory. We must have territory; and I think it
most opportune that the proposition seems to be
before the country to Americanize Central Amer-
ica. A better time could not be; for, in addition
to the population which we now have, which is
immense in the northern States, as I shall show
you as I proceed, this financial pressure in the
East, and in the different nations of Europe, will
send to our shores in the year 1858 not less than
half a million of men. In addition to that, we
have two hundred and fifty thousand of our pop-
ulation who will change localities in that time.
Then, sir, there are seven hundred and fifty thou-
sand men to be prepared for, somewhere in the
year 1858—men enough, sir, to make eight States,
if we only had Territories in which to put them,
and if we only use them economically, [laughter,]
as we are sure to do by this system of organized
emigration.
Now could anything be more opportune at this
time, than to have this project submitted to us, of
opening Central America to settlement? I assure
you, if the committee will report any bill which
will enable the people of the North, without lar-
ceny of any kind, without tyranny of any kind,
to settle that country, I will postpone my resolu-
tion for the opening of the Indian territory, at
least until the next session of Congress.
But it is not only for the purpose of furnishing
an outlet for our immense population in the North
that I now advocate the Americanizing of Central
America. The interests of commerce, as well as
this great argument of necessity, are on our side.
Who has the trade beyond Central America ? We
have whale fisheries in the Northern ocean which
build up great cities upon the eastern shore of
Massachusetts. We have trade with Oregon and
California, with the Sandwich Islands, and the
western coast of South America. We are open-
ing a trade, destined to be an immense trade, with
the Empties of China and Japan, and we must of
necessity have in Central America certain factors
and certain commercial agencies, who, in a very
few years, with their families ami relatives, will
make a dense population in Central America. 1
say, then, that for the interests of commerce we
want Central America Americanized. This com-
mercial interest is, unfortunately, a sectional in-
terest in these States. It lseinphatically a north-
ern inteiest; and, therefore, as a northern man, I
advocate especially that Central America should
be Americanized.
Now, sir, I said I was astonished that gentle-
men who come from States bordering upon the
Gulf had advocated this project, and not the Repre-
sentatives who come from northern States. Let
us see the reasons why the North should be more
zealous than the South in this movement. In the
State of Massachusetts we have one hundred and
twenty-seven people to a square mile, by the cen-
sus of 1850. In the State of Rhode Island we
have one hundred and twelve to the square mile,
by the same census. Jn the State of Connecticut
we have seventy-nine. In the State of New York
we have sixty-five. So, you see, it was not fic-
tion, it was not poetry, not a stretch of the imagin-
ation, when I told you that the descendants of the
Pilgrims were in a tight place. [Laughter.]
But how is it with the States which border upon
the Gulf? Look at it and see. They have, some
of them, eighty-nine hundredths of a man to the
square mile. [Laughter.] In another one we
have one and the forty-eight hundredth part of a
man to the square mile; and, taking them alto-
gether, we have just about three men to the square
mile in all those States which border upon the
Gulf of Mexico.
Now, sir, it would be folly for me to argue, and
there is no kind of reason for supposing, that these
States expect to do anything about colonizing
Central America. They cannot afford to lose a
man. They had better give away $9,000 than to
lose a single honest, industrious citizen. They
cannot afford it. I have left out of this calcula-
tion, to be sure, the enumeration of the slaves in
those States, for the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynakd] informed us that the question of
slavery did not come into this argument properly,
and I agree with him there. I think he may agree
with me, that by no possibility can slavery ever
be established in Central America. That is my
belief. Just fix your neutrality laws, and we will
fill up Central America before I860 sufficiently to
be comfortable.
Mr. MAYNARD. With the permission of the
gentleman, I desire to ask him whether he will
pledge himself for his constituents and for all
those he represents, that when they get down
there they will not make slaves of the people they
find there ?
Mr. THAYER. I will speak to that question.
Certainly I will do it; and I will say more on that
subject hereafter. I will say to the gentlemen
upon the other side who have advocated this right
of emigration and have no personal interest in this
matter, that they can have no pecuniary interest
in it, and that they have no men to spare for this
enterprise. And especially do I honor the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Q.uitman,] who
professed to be moved by arguments of philan-
thropy in relation to this question, and who main-
tained. that the people of Central America were
oppressed, that they needed our assistance, and
that it was conferring a benefit upon them to send
out colonies among them to aid them to get rid of
their oppressors. I am glad that that gentleman
is defending the rights of emigration. No man
prizes those rights more highly than I do. I think
that I understand their power and their value,
and I am glad to welcome among the list of polit-
ical regenerators the gentleman from Mississippi
with such large, wide,and noble views upon this
question. I do net here indorse his whole speech.
I did not hear the whole of it. I do not know
what he said about Mr. Walker, whether he de-
fends him, or whether he does not. For myself,
I do not say that I defend him, or that I do not,
at this time. I wait for the report of our commit-
tee, to know what are the facts in this case, and
whetherhe is fit to be defended or not.
Now, sir, I am rejoiced that 1 have found aid
and comfort in a great political missionary move-
ment from a quarter where I least expected it.
This argument of philanthropy is sufficiently
potent with the South; while I will not deny that
that argument is always, more or less, potent with
the. North, perhaps not so potent with the North
as with the South—very likely we are more ma-
terial and less spiritual—but still, I say it has
some power at the North. We do not live so
near the sun as do those gentlemen who border
on the Gulf; but we live near enough to the sun
to have some warmth in our hearts, and the ap-
peals of philanthropy to us are not made in vain.
But, in addition to that, just look at it, sir ! In
addition to that great argument of philanthropy,
we have not only the argument of necessity, but
the argument of making money; and when you
take those three arguments and combine them, you
make a great motive power, which is sufficient,
in ordinary cases, to move northern men, though
they are not very mobile nor very fickle.
So much, Mr. Chairman, for the comparison of
interests between the northern and southern peo-
ple of these United States in relation to the Amer-
icanizing of Central America.
I comc now to discuss, briefly, the power and
benefits of this new mode of emigration. And,
sir, what is its power? I tell you its power is
greater than that which is wielded by any poten-
tate or emperor upon the face of God's footstool.
If we can form a company, or a number of com-
panies, which can control the emigration of this
country—the foreign emigration and native emi-
gration—I tell you, sir, that that company, or
those companies, will have more power than any
potentate or emperor upon the face of the earth;
and that company, or those companies, may laugh
at politicians; they may laugh, sir, at the Presi-
dent and his Cabinet; at the Supreme Court, or
at Congress; for they cannot do a thing, in accord-
ance with the Constitution of this land, which can
ill any way interfere with their progress, or pre-
vent their making cities and States and nations
wherever they please. Then, sir, there can be no
doubt about the power of this agency, which, I
tell you, is the right one for us to make vise of in
getting Central America if we wantit, orin Amer-
icanizing Central America, as we are sure to do.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have said nothing about
annexing Central America to the United States.
For myself, I carc nothing about it, and I do not •
know whether the people of this country are
ready for that proposition yet. I think, however,
they would rather annex a thousand square
leagues of territory than to lose a single square
foot. To be sure, sir, we have a few men in the
North who honestly hate this Union. I will not
criticise their views. I will not condemn them
for their views. They have a right to cherish
just what views they please in relation to this
question. Sir, there are still a larger number of
sour and disappointed politicians who, though
they do not profess hatred to this Union, do, to a
certain extent, profess indifference as to its con-
tinuance. But the great and overwhelming ma-
jority of the people of the North, sir, as a unit,
are determined that no force, internal or external,
shallever wrestfrom the jurisdiction of the United
States a single square foot of our territory, unless
it first be baptized in blood and fire. That is the
sentiment of the great majority of the people of
the North—that no portion of the territory of this
Government shall ever be released from our pos-
session. We understand that this Union isapart-
nership for life, and that the bonds that hold us
together cannot by any fatuity be sundered until
this great Government is first extinguished and
its power annihilated. That, sir, is our senti-
ment about the Union, and such may be the pres-
ent sentiment about annexation. But I have no
doubt what the future sentiment of the country
will be about annexation. I have no doubt we
will have Central America in this Government,
and all between this and Central America also.
Well, sir, we have now come to the grand mis-
sionary age of the world in which we do not send
out preachers alone, perplexing people who are
in ignorance and barbarism with abstract theo-
logical dogmas; but with the preachers, we send
the church, we send the school, we send the me-
chanic and the farmer; we send all that makes up
great and flourishing communities; we send the
powers that build cities; we send steam-engines,
sir, which are the greatest apostles of liberty that
this country has ever seen. That is the modern
kind of missionary emigration, and it has won-
derful power on this continent, and is destined
to have on the world, too, for it is just as good
against one kind of evil as another; and it, can as
well be exerted against idol worship in Hindos-
tan and China, as against oppression and despot-
ism m Central America.
But we take the countries that are nearest first;
and now we propose to use this mighty power in
originating a nation m quick time for Central
America. We read of a time when "a nation
shall be born in a day." I think it may be done
in some such way as this. By this method of
emigration, carried on not by the solitary pioneer,
" alone, unfriended, melancholy, slow," stealing
away from the institutions of religion and educa-
tion himself and family; but, sir, by this means,
Christianity herself goes hand in hand with the
pioneer; and not Christianity alone, but the off-
spring of Christianity, an awakened intelligence,
and all the inventions of which she is the mother;
creating all the differences between an advanced
and enlightened community and one in degrada-
tion and ignorance. Sir, in years gone by, our
emigiation has ever tended toward barbarism.
But now, by this method, it is tending to a higher
civilization than we have ever witnessed. Why,
sir, by this plan, a new community starts on as
