1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
the respective people of each Territory, when they
rcgulaily undertook to establish State govern-
ments. This plan fully maintained the equality
of the States, and disposed of the slavery question,
fairly, and without subjecting any State or sec-
tion to disparagement or injustice.
We find, then, from the history of the Govern-
ment and from precedent, that there has been no
particular form of admission adopted. Some have
teen ushered in by act of Congress, one by joint
resolution, and another by necessary implication.
I hold, therefore, that the main question which is
to govern Congress when they undertake to admit
a new State into the Union is, not to assume
with great nicety to look into and see what sort
of a constitution she has. It is not to be expected
that these territorial governments will settle all
matters with the same precision as you would
solve a mathematical proposition. The leading
inquiries are, have they sufficient numbers and
the ability to assume and maintain an independ-
ent government? If they have, you admit them
into the Union. As to the question whether they
have a constitution or not, it is secondary and
subordinate, and is a matter more of form than
substance. In the case of Rhode Island, about
the Dorr rebellion, as it was callcd, before the
Supreme Court, there being a dispute as to which
government had the control, the old or the new,
it was decided to be a political question, and they
would not, perse, undertake to settle it. The Pres-
ident and the Congress of the United States, un-
der some eircumstances, have to decide such ques-
tions. It would seem we take cognizance of the
case not so much with the view to ascertain
whether a State has a republican government as
to identify the government.
In the discussion of this question I have heard
a great deal said in regard to slavery. Why, sir,
there is a great deal of humbug and flummery in
that. Why should the North require any restric-
tion ? Suppose you strike out from the constitu-
tion of every northern State all restrictions upon
this subject—what would it amount to ? Would
there be any slaves there to disturb some con-
scientious nerves ? I apprehend not. Take Penn-
sylvania or Ohio, neighboring States, and strike
out the restriction from their constitutions and
laws, and in all probability you will have no more
slaves in those States than you have now under
the restriction. The people of the South are
obliged, in their section of the country, to have
and employ such servants as may be had where
slavery exists. It suits our social institutions, and
the temper of our people, and the necessity of the
case, to do so. Now, I submit to our friends upon
the other side of the House, if the people fiom the
South choose to go into northern States with their
families for pleasure, amusement, or other cause,
why should they not be permitted to take their
necessary servants with them, and be treated hos-
pitably, in the same manner as northern men go
into southern States with their families and do-
mestics? The law of politeness and gentility rec-
ommends this in a Government like ours, founded
as it was in an era when slavery existed in every
State of the Union; and I submit to the other side
of the House whether they arc not violating the
Constitution of the United States in its letter and
spirit, by putting at defiance all those principles
and rules of good breeding, civility, and courtesy,
justly due from one freeman to another?
Why, Mr. Chairman, this is not so much a
question of slavery and anti-slavery, so far as this
Kansas matter is concerned, as it is of govern-
ment or no government—whether we are to have
anarchy or the supremacy of law. Do not gen-
tlemen concede that Congress has the power to
admit new States into the Union ? No one dis-
putes this proposition. Well, suppose that, right
or wrong, per fas outnefas, Kansas is admitted; is
not that a legitimate decision ? Can an appeal be
taken from it? Will not that proceeding be rec-
ognized? or will you make war upon the action
of Congress as you have made war upon the Le-
gislature of Kansas, and upon the constitutional
convention ? If Congress thinks proper, in the
exercise of its delegated power, to admitKansas,
will you make war upon Congress, and say that
Congress acted without authority ? Will you not
be bound and estopped by its action?
Cut, sir, the opponents of this measure have,
in the progress of the debate, made war upon all
the institutions of the country. They have made
war upon Judge Lecompte, the chief justice of
Kansas, a pure, upright, and accomplished judge,
who has discharged all his duties with signal abil-
ity and fidelity under most difficult and embarass-
ing circumstances. On what ground has he been
assailed? When you undertake to bring accusa-
tions against a judge, you ought to be prepared
with proof to substantiate them. Where is the
evidence here? None upon the face of the earth,
but senseless clamor and insane abuse. It is an
assault, not only on the Legislature and conven-
tion of Kansas, but on the judicial authority which
derives its power from the Federal Government.
Is it not the same with regard to the Supreme
Court of the United States—the highest judicial
tribunal known to our Government? Does that
high court command the respect of the opponents*
of this measure ? Not at all. The same sort of
assault is made upon that court. And I may
here make a similar remark in regard to the mem-
bers of that court that I have advanced in re-
ference to Mr. Buchanan, when I said that Mr.
Buchanan, now verging on threescore and ten,
might be considered disinterested. Who compose
the Supreme Court? Go into that tribunal and
see what motives could actuate the men who
wear the judicial ermine there, from the Chief
Justice down. There is the honorable Roger B.
Taney, the Chief Justice, a man of morality, of
religion, of unimpeachable character. What mo-
tive has he for deciding in favor of the South,
against the North ? He is a man who must very
soon, in accordance with the laws of nature, be
called upon to have his actions below reviewed
by the highest superhuman tribunal. What in-
terest, I repeat, has he to decide this great ques-
tion in regard to the constitutionality or uncon-
stitutionality of the Missouri compromise in favor
of the South against the North? None, none.
Why then make such an assault on the Supreme
Court? Look at the other Judges. Do they all
come from the South ? Where was Judge Nel-
son? Where was Judge Grier? These are
northern gentlemen, representing, if you please,
northern States, imbued somewhat, possibly,
with the northern views. Did not they concur
in the opinion of the court? The court was
agreed, with the exception of Judge McLean and
Judge Curtis. Judge Curtis has since resigned
his seat; and, at the time of that decision, did not
intend to remain on the bench. Judge McLean
has been talked of for the Presidency. If I
thought proper to speculate as to the motives of
gentlemen here, I might have a field for doing so.
But I shall not undertake to impute improper
motives to these judges. I will not do it. But
I will say, consider the character of that court.
See how the majority and how the minority de-
cided. You will find that the majority, consist-
ing of gentlemen living in the North as well as in
the South, adjudged this question without regard
to anything but the law and the Constitution ap-
plicable to its merits, with all becoming modesty
and judicial propriety, and with distinguished
learning and ability.
How has it been also in the State of Massa-
chusetts? Look at the case of Judge Lonng.
There was a judge who, I am told by all who
knew him, was perfectly incorruptible; a man
pure and undefiled. Has he not been swept by
the besom of destruction, simply because he per-
formed his duty ? Alas ! alas, for Massachusetts!
I say, then, that this is a question involving grave
considerations; whether we shall have a Govern-
ment or no Government; whether law and order
are to prevail, or this system of fanaticism from
the North shall be permitted to run riot, to over-
turn the Supreme Court, upset all the hallowed
institutions of the nation, and to inaugurate a
reign of terror?
But, suppose you carry out your views, and
emancipate, if you please, all the slaves of the
South—what will be your condition ? When you
have made the constitutional, guarantees of the
Government as but a rope of sand, what will you
have got to protect you at the North from the
very same elements that now make war on the
property in the slaves of the South ? You may
have a system of agrarianism there, and every-
thing will be settled, regardless of the rights of
property, of the Constitution, and of the conse-
crated maxims of law find order, by a wild and
uncontrollable mob—popular sovereignty, if you
please, with a vengeance. The very same ele-
ments that are now making war on the property
of the South will, when they cut loose from all
wholesome restraints and restrictions, make war
upon the conservative institutions of the North;
and then there will be no safety throughout the
land, your Government, founded by your revo-
lutionary fathers, overthrown, and madness and
folly inaugurated m its stead.
Now let Hie refer gentlemenof the North to the
precedents set by their forefathers. How have
they acted? When did you hear anything from
them about the poor Indian or the negro? Who,
I should like to know, has now the original if not
the best, right to the Territory of Kansas, the
border ruffian, as you term him, from Missouri,
the emigrant from Massachusetts, or the poor,
untutored Indian ? The policy now urged on the
part of northern men tends, if carried out to its
legitimate results, to equalize the two races—the
black race and the white race—not to raise the
black man up, but to pull the white man down to
the level of the negro. Equality of races—that is
the doctrine. Take the venerable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddin«s,] whom I desire to treat with
no personal disrespect, who has been here longer
than any other member on this floor, and whom
I recognize as the head of the Black Republican
party—and I deal with his political principles as
I understand them. As I comprehend his speech,
he considers the negro the equal of the white man,
in natural and political rights, and just as esti-
mable as the white man. I have heard no ground
to the contrary taken by any other gentleman of
that party, and I therefore place them all in the
same category.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will not
include the whole Republican party in that charge.
I did not understand the gentleman from Ohio as
taking that position.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I understood
him so; and those of his party who did not except
to it must be considered, in all fairness, I should
think, as assenting to the proposition.
Mr. CURTIS. The Republican party platform
asserts no such thing, and assumes no such po-
sition.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I understood
the gentleman from Ohio to take this position—
and I heard no one on his side of the House take
ground to the contrary—that, under the Declara-
tion of Independence there is no difference be-
tween the white man and the negro. And until
we find the Republican party repudiate that doc-
trine and place itself in a different position, we
have a right to consider that these are the views
and policy of that party.
Mr. CURTIS. We agree with the Declaration
of Independence nevertheless. The same doc-
trine was enunciated by Blackstone fifteen years
before the Declaration of Independence was writ-
ten.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Do I under-
stand, then, that you do not consider the negro as
being as good as a white man ?
Mr. CURTIS. I do not consider negroes equal
to white men in this country; but I believe that
they have all the natural rights of white men.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Do I under-
stand the gentleman to say that, under the Dec-
laration of Independence, negroes can be citizens
of the United States?
Mr. CURTIS. I did not say that they are not
citizens of the United States; because, in some
cases, they are citizens.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Then, if they
are citizens, why not allow them to vote?
Mr. CURTIS. I would not allow thefh to vote
until they are capable of comprehending the du-
ties of voters.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Well, then,
do you recognize the equality between the negro
and white man ?
Mr. CURTIS. I believe that they were created
equal.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. All men were
" created " equal. The Declaration of Independ-
ence does not say they were all bom equal.
Mr. CURTIS. J t says they were created equal.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. But it does
not say they were born. [Laughter.] Now, sir,
the idea comes, perhaps, from the venerable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings;] but 1 choose
to place all gentlemen on that side of the House
in the same class, because the course pursued by
