1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
high a plane as the old one had ever arrived at;
and leaving behind the dead and decayed branches
•which incumbered the old, with the vigoious ener-
gies of youth, it presses on and ascends. Sir, such
a State will be the State of Kansas, eclipsing in its
progress all the other States of this nation, because
it was colonized in this way. The people, in this
way, have not to serve half a century of probation
in semi-barbarism. They begin with schools and
churches, and you will see what the effect is upon
communities that are so established.
But I will speak now of that which constitutes
the peculiar strength of emigration of this kind,
and that is, the profit of the tiling. I have shown
you how efficient it is, and I will now show you
how the method works, to some extent. It is prof-
itable for every one connected with it; it is profit-
able to the people where the colonies go; it is
profitable to the people of the colonies; and it is
profitable to the company, which is the guiding
star and the protecting power of the colonies. It
does good everywhere. It does evil nowhere.
Sir, you cannot resist a power like this. A good
man often feels regret when he knows that by
promoting a good cause he is at the same time
sacrificing his own means of doing good, and is
becoming weaker and weaker every day. It is a
great drawback upon bcncficent enterprises, even
upon philanthropic and Christian enterprises, that
the men who sustain them are lessening their own
means of doing good by it. Sir, it is a great mis-
take to suppose that a good cause can only be
sustained by the life-blood of its friends. But
when a man can do a magnanimous act, when he
can do a decidedly good thing, and at the same
time make money by it, all his faculties are in
harmony. [Laughter.] You do not need any
great argument to induce men to take such a posi-
tion, if you can only inducc them to believe that
such is the effect. Well, sir, such is the effect;
and now let us apply it to the people of Central
America. What reason will they have to complain
if we send among them our colonies, organized in
this way with their sub-soil plows, their crow-
bars, their hoes, their shovels, and their garden-
seeds? What reason will they have to complain?
Why, the fact is, that unless our civilization is
superior to theirs, the effort would, in the begin-
ning, be a failure; it never can make one inch
of progress. Then, sir, if we succeed at all, we
succeed in planting a civilization there which is
superior to theirs; we plant that or none. It is
impossible for an inferior civilization to supplant
a superior civilization except by violence, and it
is almost impossible to do it in that way.
Well, sir, if we give them a better civilization,
the tendency of that better civilization is to in-
crease the value of real estate; for the value of
property, the value of real estate, depends upon
the character of the men who live upon the land,
as well as upon the number of men who live upon
it. Now, sir, we either make an absolute failure
in this thing, and do not trouble them at all, or
we give them a better civilization, and in addition
to that, we give them wealth.
Thus, sir, with bands of steel we bind the peo-
ple of Centra! America to us and to our interests,
by going among them in this way, and they can-
not have reason to complain, nor will they com-
plain. If wo had approached them in this way
two years ago, without this miseiable meddlesome
method, induced and warranted, or supposed to
be warranted, by the neutrality laws, we would
have filled Central America to overflowing by this
time, and would have had with us the blessings
of every native citizen in that portion of country.
Now, sir, if such isthe way,ifsuchis thepower,
if such is the effect of this method, to the emi-
grants, and to the people among whom they settle,
why should we not now adopt it in reference to
Central America? And what is the method? Why,
it is as plain and simple as it can be. It is just to
form a moneyed corporation which shall have two
hundred or five hundred thousand dollars capital;
which shall then obtain and spread information
through the country, by publications, indicating
what are the natural resources of Central America,
and the inducements to emigrate thither; showing
how it is situated in relation to commerce, and how,
of necessity, there must speedily be built upon
that soil a flourishing Common wealth. Then you
have to apply a portion of these means to sending
out steam-engines, and to building some hotels to
accommodate the people who go there, and also
some receiving houses for the emigrants. Estab-
lish there and encourage there the establishment
of the mechanic arts, and I tell you that every
steam-engine you send there will be the seat of a
flourishing town; every one will be an t>r<* -uent
for people to go there; for they talk louder than
individuals a thousand times, and they are more
convincing a thousand times, especially to ail ig-
norant ana degraded people, than anything men
can say, because the argument is addressed to the
senses; it makes them feel comfortable; it gives
them good clothes; it gives them money. These
are the arguments to address to an ignorant peo-
ple, and not mere abstract dogmas about liberty
and theology. Then let this company be organ-
ized so soon as you fix these neutrality laws so that
we can get off without these vexatious executive
interferences. [Laughter.] Then we shall see how
the thing will work in Central America.
But, sir, I expect, when the people of the North
shall hear that 1 am taking this vie w of the question,
that the timid will be intensely terrified, and say
that we are to have more slave States annexed to
the Union. I havenotthe slightest apprehension
of thatresult. Itmaybe saidthat Yankees, when
they get down into Central America, will, if the
climate is suited for it, make use of slave labor.
1 have heard that argument before; and it has
been asserted that the Yankees who go into slave
States oftentimes turn slaveholders and outdo the
southern men themselves. I have no doubt that
they outdo them if they do anything in that line
at all. [Laughter.] The Yankee has never be-
come a slaveholder unless he has been forced to
it by the social relations of the slave State where
he lived; and the Yankee who has become a slave-
holder, has, every day of his life thereafter, felt in
bis very bones the bad economy of the system. It
could not be otherwise. Talk about our Yankees,
who go to Central America, becoming slavehold-
ers ! Why, sir, we can buy a negro power, in a
, steam-engine, for ten dollars, [laughter,] and we
j can clothe and feed that power for one year for
five dollars; [renewed laughter;] and arc we the
men to give $1,000 for an African slave, and $150
a year to feed and clothe him ? No, sir. Setting
aside the arguments about sentimentality, and
about philanthropy, on this question; setting
aside all poetry and fiction, he comes right down
to the practical question—is it profitable? The
Yankee replies, " not at all." Then there is no
danger of men who go from Boston to Central
America ever owning slaves, unless they are com-
pelled to by their social relations there. If a man
goes from Boston into Louisiana, and nobody
will speak to him unless he has a slave; nobody
will invite him to a social entertainment unless
he owns a negro; and if he cannot get a wife un-
less he has a negro; then, sir, very likely he may
make up his mind to own a negro. [Laughter.]
But 1 tell you that he will repent of it every day
while he has him. There is no inducement for the
Yankees to spread slavery into Central America,
and there is no power in any other part of the coun-
try to do it. Therefore, most fearlessly do I advo-
cate the Americanizing of Central America. We
must have some outlet for our overwhelming popu-
lation. Necessity knows lio law; and if we cannot
have Central America, we must have the Indian
territory; we must have something; we are not
exhausted in our power of emigration; we are
worse off than we were before the openingof Kan-
sas. Not one half of our natural increase has been
exhausted in colonizing that Territory, and fur-
nishing people for Oregon and Washington. We
might, as I told you, make eight States a year, if
we only used our forces economically; and we
will use them economically by establishing, not
for the present time only, but for all coming time,
this system of organized emigration. Just as fast
as this has become understood in the country—
just as far as it is known to the people—not a sin-
gle man who has any sense will emigrate in any
other way than by colonies. Just look at the dif-
ference between men going in a colony and going
alone. Suppose a man goes to Central America,
and settles there alone: what is his influence upon
real estate by settling there alone ? There is no
appreciable difference from what it was before;
but if he goes there with five hundred men from
the city of Boston to establish a town, by that
very act he has made himself wealthy. I can
point to numerous examples of this kind. Hence
this making money by organized emigration is
not going to be speedily relinquished. Depend
upon it that we have only begun to use it, and
that we have not used it with the efficiency with
which it will be used in a year to come.
Now, sir, for these reasons I hope that the com-
mittee to which this question shallne referred, will
so modify and elucidate the neutrality laws that
we shall not hereafter be subjected to this exec-
utive interference. And, in accordance with the
views I have expressed, I now offer the following
amendment:
And also, that said committee report, so far as they may
be able, the present social and political condition of the peo-
ple of Nicaragua, and whether tliey invite colonies from the
United States to settle among them; and also, whether the
soil, climate, and other natural advantages of that country
aie such as to encouiage emigration thither from the north-
ern States of this Contederacy.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will state, briefly, my
reasons for submitting that amendment. The
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] re-
ferred to the social and political condition of the
people of Central America as a proper basis, I
think he said, for our action. For myself, I am
willing to take the gentleman's words about the
necessity of something being done to aid these
people; but in grave matters of legislation like
this, the committee having the subject in charge
should first fully investigate in reference to the
matters suggested by my amendment.
1 do not intend any objectionable sectionalism
by using the word northern; that the committee
should inquire whether the natural advantages
of soil and climate of Central America were such
as to invite emigration thither from the northern
States. I so phrased the amendment because,
as I have shown you, the northern States are
the only ones which can furnish emigration that
would be of any consequence to Central Amcrica.
We would be glad to receive whatever help the
States on the Gulfjcould give us, but it is impos-
sible for them to give much help in this work.
And because the northern States have the power
in this matter, and because the southern States
have not the power, I have used the words that
the committee shall inquire specially whether the
climate and the soil are such as to encourage
emigration to Central America from the northern
States. If, however, there be objection to it, I
will strike out the word " northern," and leave
the inquiry to be general.
Mr. ADRAIN. It is the interest and policy
of this Government to cultivate the most friendly
relations with all other Powers. Such has been
the policy of our Government from its foundation
down to the present period. It is a policy that
has preserved our domestic peace; it is a policy
which has preserved us from foreign war; a policy
which has enabled our citizens to pursue their
various avocations in peace; a policy which has
given rise to a wide and extensive commerce,until
our ships are now floating proudly upon every
sea. It is a wise and a judicious policy; a policy
adopted by the first President of this great and
powerful nation; and it is for this Government
to determine whether that policy shall be aban-
doned, or whether another policy shall be pur-
sued which will interrupt our friendly and peace-
ful relations with foreign nations. How can those
friendly relations be preserved unless our Gov-
ernment takes some effective and stringent meas-
ures for the purpose of putting a stop to these
military expeditions that arc forming in our midst
to go out and prey upon the property and lives of
those who are at peacc with us? And the Presi-
dent of the United States, in his message, calls
the attention of the House to this subject, and
proposes that we shall give to it our most serious
and deliberate consideration.
The neutrality laws which are upon our statute-
books are not sufficient to put a stop to this nia-
rauding spirit, which is likely to bring us into
difficulty with foreign Powers, and which inter-
rupts our peace and excites the hostility of for-
eign nations against us. As this is the case, I
hope that when this matter is referred to the com-
mittee, our laws wjII be so changed and so mod-
ified as not to give fuller license to this maraud-
ing spirit, but to prevent and check it.
Now, sir, it is proposed by the distinguished
gentleman from Mississippi that these neutrality
laws should be abolished, or altered in such a way
that they shall not infringe what he conceives to
be the rights of American citizens. Now, sir, I
am not in favor of having the rights of American
