TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
citizens interfered with at all by the Government.
Bat what are those rights? "What right has any
citizen of the United States to band together with
others to form" these military expeditions to go
out to make war upon foreign Powers? I deny
the right. Every American citizen has the right
of- leaving his covmtrv,of expatriating himself
if* he please, and of seeking and receiving protec-
tion in another country. But his right does not
extend so far as to allow him to get up a military
expedition for the purpose of making war upon
those Powers that are at peace with us, when
those military expeditions interfere with our great
national interests.
Those neutrality laws, Mr. Chairman, are
founded upon the great law of nations. Laws
have been passed from the period of Washing-
ion's administration to the present time, founded
upon this great law. Now what is this law of
nations? Although this law, by some nations,
has been disregarded, yet it is a law which is
founded upon morality, justice, and humanity.
Every nation ought to do as much good to another
in peace, and as little harm in war, as possible. I
have here a standard book upon the law of na-
tions, and I beg leave to call the attention of the
House to a few remarks of the late Chancellor
Kent, when treating upon this subject. He says:
" The faithful obsei vance of this law i«= essential to na-
tional character, and to the huppmcssof mankind. Aceonl-
diug to the observation of Alontet-nuiou, it is founded on
the pnne-ple, tli.it difieiont nations ought to do each other
as much L'ood in peace, and as Irnieliaim in war, as possi-
ble, wuUout injury to then true mteic&ts.
'* We ought nor, theiuiore, lo sepaiate the science of
public i'-uv tiom that of ethics, nor eneomago thedangpiou*
 uji«e>nou, that Governments* are noU'Ci stnctly bound by
the obligations of truth, justice, and humanity, in relation
toother Powers, as they arem the management of theii own
local concerns. State-?, or bodies-politic, are to be consid-
ered us moial persons, having a public will, capable and
free to do i igut and w  one, inasmuch as they at e collections
01 individuals, cach of whom eanios with him into the ser-
vice of the community the same binding law of morality
and religion which ought to contiol hw conduct in pnvate
hie. The law of nation.-, is a complex system, composed
of vanoiu i'ljnedienis. It consists of geneial piinciples of
right aud justice, equally suitable to the government of in-
dividuals in a =mte of natural equality, and to the ielation
and conduct of nation:-'; of a collection 01 usages and cus-
toms, the growth of civilization and commeiee ; and of a
code of conventional 01 po>itive law. In the absence of
tliCf-e latter legulauons, tlie intercourse and conduct ot na-
tions ase to be governed by puneiplcs fairly to ho deduced
fiom the rights and duties or nations, and the nature of
moial obligation ; and we have the authority of the Iawyeis
of antiquity, and of mihic of the first masters m the modem
school of public law, tbi placing the moial obligation of na-
tions and of individuals on similar grounds, and lor consid-
ering indtuduaJ and national molality as parts of one and
the same Feienee."
Here, sir, are the principles upon which the law
of nations is based. They are correct principles,
and I maintain that there is a moral obligation
resting upon our nation, as well as a moral obli-
gation resting upon every individual, to observe
them. What right has any one to deprive another
of his property or his life? if he does it, the law
punishes him; and if he gives out an indication of
his intention to commit a crime, the restraint of
the law is put upon him, and lie is bound over to
keep the peace. If this is so, lias not the Govern-
ment an equal right to prevent its citizens from
committing depredations upon others who are at
peace with us ? Have not they the moral obliga-
tion to prevent injury to their neighbors? Is not
that just? Is it not morally right? And is it not
humane?
Therefore I maintain that the neutrality laws
of our county are founded upon the great law of
nations, which commends itself to the judgment
and conscience of every right-thinking man. This
law of nations is of modern growth. The ancient
Republics knew nothing about it; they knew
nothing of right or wrong, and they paid 110 re-
gard to the rights and properly of otheis. We
all know that the best fleets of Athens went out
upon these piratical excursions to deprive others
of their property and their lives. It is for us—
for this Government—for this great people, to de-
termine whether we wiii go back to those ancient
times and imitate these piratical exclusions, or
whether we will keep our citizens within the re-
straints of law and morality and justice.
i am in favor, Mr. Chaii man, of putting a stop
to this marauding spirit that is afloat in this coun-
try. _ It is a mischievous, dangerous spirit. It is
a. spirit that has done no good, but a great deal
of harm. It is a spirit that has excited the bad
pa3sions of the youth of our country. It is a
spirit that has led them to disobey the laws of
our country, to disrespect our Government, to
disregard the property and lives of others. It is
a spirit, sir, which has interfered with the great
transit routes between the two oceans; and the
President tells us m his message that, in conse-
quence of that interference, our citizens have sus-
tained heavy losses. These are some of the
effects of this marauding spirit; and yet the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
duiTMAXj] and other gentlemen here, would have
us encourage that spirit instead of restraining it.
If our neutrality laws, as they now exist, cannot
restrain men in this country from doing what they
ought not to do, from committing unlawful acts,
in the name of common sense what will they do
if the restraints of the existing laws are removed ?
Mr. QUITMAN. 1 challenge the gentleman
to refer to a single word that I have ever uttered
approving of a marauding spirit, or approving of
illegal transactions. And it is a very remarkable
fact, Mr. Chairman, in regard to the relations
existing between us and the Cential American
States, that the very State which could complain
of marauding cxpeditionshaving been sent against
it from this country—I refer to Nicaragua—is now
upon terms of greater amity with the United States
than another State against which such expedi-
tions have never been directed—I refer to Para-
guay. The President has informed us that we
are upon terms of hostility with that State, against
which no expeditions have ever been directed
from the United States.
But, sir, I merely rose for the purpose of say-
ing that 1 have never, here or elsewhere, in any
specch, advocated, and that I do not now advocate,
a marauding spirit or any violation of the law of
nations. But the gentleman from New Jersey has
not looked into the law of nations, if he deduces
from it a support for the neutrality law of 1818,
for that act is in almost every feature violative of
the law of nations.
Mr. ADIIAIN. It may be that I have not ex-
amined the subject with sufficient care, and I may
not be as wcli acquainted with it as the distin-
guished gentleman fiom Mississippi; but I am sat-
isfied of one thing—that it is the bounden duty of
Government not to annul the neutrality laws of the
the country, but, if anything, to increase them and
make them more stringent. I do not wish, nor
do I intend, to misrepresent the gentleman. Far
from it. I was merely arguing fi om the position
which he took in regard to the neutrality laws. I
certainly understood him to disapprove of them;
and the very fact of his moving to refer this sub-
ject to a special committee, was an evidence that
he did not wish it to go to the Judiciary Com-
mittee; that he had some specific purpose, and
that that purpose was to have a special committee
raised to carry out his peculiar views.
Mr. Chairman, it lias been proposed here, upon
this floor—and 1 must say that it struck me with
great astonishment—that we should send General
Walker and his men back to Nicaragua. It is
said that Commodore Paulding did an illegal act
when he arrested General Walker, and sent him
back to this country. It may be so. That act
may have been illegal; the commodore may have
gone beyond the line of his instructions. When
we have all the facts and the law from the Pres-
ident, as I hope we will have in a few days, we
will then fully understand whether he went be-
yond his instructions or not.
But suppose he did; suppose he had no right
to bring General Walker back, under his instruc-
tions: are we to send Walker and Ins men back
again, when the President says they went out on
an unlawful predatory expedition, and that their
acts were acts of murder and robbery? Why,
sir, by so doing this Government would indorse
those acts of robbery and murder. Are we pre-
pared to do that? Will this Government do that ?
Because Commodore Paulding, in his zeal for the
interests of his country, and his love and respect
for our Government, has exceeded the letter of
his instructions, are we to sanction or countenance
proceedings which the President has condemned
in his message?
Suppose, now, that we send Walker and his
men. back: I say that if this Government should
take such a step, it would give the Nicaraguan
Government direct cause for war, and it might
actually lead to war. Suppose Walker and his
men are sent down there in one of our national
ships, under our national flag, and when about to
land are met by an opposing force: what then?
We have resolved to send them back, and that
opposing fotce refuses to permit them to come
back. To fulfill our pledge to Walker, we must
carry him and his men through, and plant them
in the very position from which they were taken;
and do notgcntlemen see at once the consequences
which would flow from that act?
I am not willing, Mr. Chairman, as a general
rule, to allow cither our civil or military officers to
transcend their duty or go beyond the line of their
instructions: but there may be circumstances in a
particular case which will palliate if not justify
their conduct in doing so. What did Commodore
Paulding do? Why, he did the very thing that
the Government wanted done. I do not mean to
say that the Government wanted Commodore
Paulding to lay his hand upon Walker and his
men upon a foreign soil, but it wanted this expe-
dition broken up; it wanted to stop the depreda-
tions of Walker and his men upon the rights and
property of States with which we are at peace.
I say, therefore, that Commodore Paulding did
the very thing that the Government wanted done,
so far as the results were concerned; and in doing
that he did an act which will be approved, as i
conceive, so far as those results are concerned, by
the Government and by a large majority of the
people of this country. I am not ready to con-
demn one of the bravest and most gallant com-
manders in our Navy for such an act. His mo-
tives were good. His intentions were right. He
knew what the Government wan ted, and he wished
to accomplish it. It was accomplished. Walker
snd his men are back in this country; and I pray
God that he may never get away from it again,
but that such restraints may be put upon him as
will make him obey the neutrality laws, as he
pledged himself to do.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to ask the gentleman from
New Jersey one question. He says that Com-
modore Paulding knew what the Government
wanted.
Mr. ADIIAIN. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
That is not what I said. I said that Commodore
Paulding knew what the Government wanted, as
far as his instructions would indicate.
Mr. KEITT. How did he know what the
Government wanted?
Mr. ADRAIN. He knew that the Government
wanted a stop put to these marauding expeditions.
That he knew.
Mr. KEITT, Did he know that the Govern-
ment wanted him to arrest Walker and his men
on the island of Punta Arenas, and bring them
; back to this country?
Mr. ADRAIN. No, sir. He did not know it;
and he admits in his letter, like a brave, frank
man, that he went beyond the line of his instruc- .
tions. He assumed the whole responsibility him-
self. But, sir, he is not the first man who has
taken the responsibility of going beyond the line
of his duty. We have the example of General
Jackson, the btave and illustrious old hero, out
of respcct to whose memory this House has just
passed a resolution for an adjournment until Mon-
day next. Sir, that glorious old hero loved to
assume responsibilities, and the country admired
and rewarded him for it.
I feel, Mr. Chairman, much interest in the
progress of free principles. I did not hear very
distinctly the gentleman who last addressed the
House, [Mr. Thayer;] but I have no doubt he
made a very able speech from what I did hear.
I am as much interested in the spread of free and
liberal principles as that gentleman orany gentle-
man upon this floor, but it must be done in the
right way. Gentlemen may entertain different
views as to what is the right way; and according
to the theory and genius of our institutions each
man has the right to think and act for himself.
Other gentlemen claim that privilege, and I trust
I shall be allowed to exercise the same privilege
for myself. Therefore, I say that if free and lib-
eral principles are to go abroad, are to be dissem-
inated—if free Governments are to be established
in other countries where they do not exist now,
it is not to be done by lire and sword, but by the
peaceful example of our own free and enlightened
Government. Our Government is a Government
ofpeace. Our Government is a Government which
endeavors to avoid entangling alliances with for-
eign Powers, and to give them nG just eause of
