1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
ernment. It is apparent that there is nothing in
this objection
It is warmly insisted on that tho Lecompton
constitution was not submitted to the people as a
whole for their ratification, and therefore it is not
the actofthe people. Tins argument, if it proves
anything, proves too much. It upturns the whole
system of representative government; it limits the
circle of free institutions; it denies to the people
of a State or Territory the right to select agents
to make a constitution for them without their sub-
sequent approval. If the right does not exist to
select representatives, then it follows that the peo-
ple must act themselves. Where they cannot be
collected to deliberate and act in the formation of a
constitution and laws, their popular government
must end. If the people cannot select agents to
make constitutions, and agree to abide by their ac-
tion without a submission, how is it that the State
laws are valid without a submission ? This, Mr.
Chairman, is anew phase of popular sovereignty.
I acknowledge the people to be the source of all
power, and that every free government must rest
for its support on the consent of the governed.
But how is this power to be exercised ? Are con-
titutions and laws to be enacted m mass meet-
ings ? Is sovereignty to be earned about the
streets, and are the popular masses to act per cap-
ita? 1 had supposed it was " that marvelous fe-
licity of our representative system," under the
operation of prescribed forms of law, that entitled
ours to be justly styled the model Republic of the
world. I had been taught by Mr. Madison (the
father of the Federal Constitution) to believe that
the cfiect of representative government is
il To refine and enlarge the public views by passing them
thiough the medium of a chosen body of eiu/.ens, who^e
wisdom may bes t discern the tine imcie^t of their country,
and whose patnor^m and love of ju-tiee will be least likely
to sacrifice it to temporary or partial couMdoiations; Undri
Mich a regulation; it may well happen that the public voice,
pronounced by ihe repiesentatives of the people, will be
more consonant to public good than if pronounced by the
people themselves, convened for the puipo-c "
Mr. Chairman, it would not be difficult to show
that one of the advantages in the soiiomc of rep-
resentation in a Republic, as contradistinguished
from a pure democracy of numbers, consists in
its power to control a faction. I refer to the tenth
number of the Federalist, where Mr. Madison, in
defense of the Federal Constitution, goes fully
into this argument.
It does not pertain to Congress to inquire why
the whole of this Kansas constitution was notsub-
mittcd? While as individuals wc might all desire,
and, peihaps as members of that convention,
should all vote for the submission of that entire^
constitution to the people, it was the sole right of
the Lecompton convention to judge of the pro-
priety of a submission or non-submission of the
constitution in whole, or in part, to the people for
ratification. The validity of the instrumentcould
not be impaired by a failure to have submitted
any part of it to the popular vote. The people,
through their Legislature, had, in the convention
act, a^perfect right to have required the constitu-
tion to be submitted, and the act was, as wo have
already shown, vetoed by Governor Geary, be-
cause it did not contain a provision for its submis-
sion to the people. The act was passed by a two-
thirds vote of the Legislature over his veto, and
thus became a law.
Popular sovereignty was then, as it would
clearly appear, against a submission of this con-
stitution to the people; for it can hardly be sup-
posed that two thirds of the Legislature misrep-
resented the popular will.
Mr. Stanton himself clearly recognized the right
of the people, through chosen delegates, to adopt
■a constitution, and seems to regard it as optional
with the convention what part of the constitution
should be submitted to popular vote. Hear him
when he says:
u The Government especially recognizes the territorial
act which provides for assembling a convention to form a
constitution with a view of making application 10 Congress
for admission as a State into the Union. That act is re-
garded as presenting the only test of the qualification of
votcis foi delegate? to the convention, and all piecedingie-
ppgnant restrictions are thereby repealed. In this light the
act must be allowed to have provided for a full and tan* ex-
piession of the will of the people through the delegates who
may be chosen to lepresent them m the constitutional eon-
^ ention. I do not doubt, however, that, in oider to avoid
ail pretexts for resistance to the peaceful operation of this
law, the convention itself will, in sonic form, provide foi
submitting the great distracting question legatding their
social institution, which lias so Ion? agitated the people of
Kansas, to a fair vote of the actual bona fide residents of
the Territory, with every possible security against liaudand
violence, tf the constitution be thus framed, and the ques-
tio n of difference be thus submitted to the decision of the peo-
ple, I believe that Kansas will be admitted by Congress,
without delay, as one of the sovereign States of the Amer-
ican Union, and the territorial authonties will be immedi-
ately withdiawn."
Here Mr. Stanton clearly thought that the only
question necessary to be submitted was the sla-
very question, and " that great distracting ques-
tion" was submitted to the popular vote. Mr.
Chairman, the people may have acted wisely and
well in refusing to fetter the convention with an
absolute submission. The history of Kansas has
been thus far a bloody and disgraceful drama.
Faction showed its brazen front upon the incep-
tion of the territorial government. The Kansas-
Ncbraskaucthad scarcely received the President's
signature before an organized effort was inaugu-
rated to sow discord in Kansas. Hear Mr. Doug-
las, in his report to the Senate, as chairman of the
committee to investigate these outbreaks. He
says:
" The passage of the Knnsas-Nebmska act was strenu-
ously resisted by all persons who thought it a less evil to
depi ive the people of new States and Territories of the right
of Slate equality and self-goveinment than to allow them to
decide the slavery question for themselves, as cvoi.v State
of the Union had done, and mu^ieuin the undeniable risbt
to do, so long as tne Constitution of the United States shall
be maintained as the supreme law of the land. Finding
opposition to the punciples of the act unavailing m the halls
of Congress and under the forms of tho Constitution, com-
binations weie immediately entered into in i-.ome poitions
of the Union to control the political destinies, and form and
regulate the domestic institutions of ilio-c Temtouei and
future States tiuough the machineiy of emisiant aid socie-
ties. In oidei to give corisi-tency and efficiency to the
movement, and sui i ound it with the color of legal ant homy,
an act of ineoiporation was piocuted liom the .Lep-S.U'ne
. of the State of Mas>aehusctis. When a poweiful coipo-
I ration, with a capital ol OJ0.010, invested m houses and
lauds, in merchandise and mills, in cannon and nflc, in
powder and lead, in all the implement*? of arts, agricul-
ture, and war, and employing a co.responding number of
men ail undoi the management and control of non-resident
director and stockholder, who arc authorized by their
charter to vote by piovv to the extent of fifty votes each,
enters a distant and sparsely settled Tcintoiy with the fixed
pnipo.-e of wielding all its power to eontiol the domestic
institution^ and political destinies of the Teiriroiy, it be-
comes a question of feaiful impost how far the operations
of the companv are compatible with the rights and liberties
of the people. 'Whatovei maybe the e.uentoi limit of con-
gressional aurhoiity over the Teiutoiies, it is clear that no
individual State has the right to pa>s any law or authonze
any act concerning or aft'octinc the rJV; utoncs, w Inch it
medil not enact in lefercnee to ,uiv other State It is a \ve)l-
scttled principle of constitutional law m this country that
while all the States in the Union are united in one for cer-
tain purpo-i's.jct i ach Si.d«-,in reject to evoiythuiy whvh
affects it-- domestic policy and internal concern*, stands iu
the telation of a foreign Powei to every other State. I len^e,
no State has a right to pass any law, oi do oi an'honzc any
act with a view to influence or change t^e domr-tie policy
of any other State oi Ten itoiy of tho Union, more than it
would with ref'Mcnee to Fiance or England, or any other
foreign Suite wjih which we are at peace. Indeed, every
State of thn Union is undoi highei obligations to observe a
friendly Jotbeaianee and generous eomitv towards each
other niembei of the Confederacy than the laws ol nations
can impose on foreign States.
" It our obligations, aii«mg under the law of nations, are
so imperative "as to make it our duty to enact neutrality
laws, and to ex.cu the whole power and anthoiity of tho
executive brawh of the Covernmenf, including the Army
and Navy, to enioice then in fstummu out citizens trom
mterfeiing with the internal concerns of foreign Stales, can
the obligation-* of each State and T«fi itoiy ot tins Union be
less imputative, under the Fedeial Constitution, to obsetve
an entire neutiahty in ie-pe,ct to the domc&tic institutions
of the seveial States and Teintoncs
These commotions continued. The excitement
increased until insurrection, rebellion, and revo-
lution stalked boldly throughout the Territory.
: lTear Governor Walker again, when he says:
" The professed object is to piotect the polls at the elec
tion, m August, of the new in-ui,7'iit Topeka State Legis-
lature. The object of taking the names of all who iefu-;fi
eniollment is totemfy the free-State conseivatives into
submission. Thu is proved bv recent atrocities committed
on such men by Topekaites. The speedy location of huge
bodies of regular troops here, with two hatteiies, is ncees-
saiy; the Lawrence msmgenf- await tin development of
this new levolutionaiy mihtasy oiganization." * * *
" You are aware that Geneial Lane commanded the mil-
itary expedition which made an incursion into this Ten itory
last year, arid that the officers of tho f-taff aio all leading
agitators for the overthrow of the tenitonal government.
The object of this last requisition is behoved to be to mark
for petsccution and oppression all tho^e persons and espe-
cially free-State Democrats, who refuse to unite m this mil-
itaiy organization. The puipo&e is uiuwrsallyiegdided to
be to establish a )em.noj icrroi."1
••A few weeks muoc one of rhe-e conservative Pemo-
erai*. who had committed no othei offon-.e than permitting
the use of his name as a candidate for the constitutional
convention, was abused and injured in the most shock-ins;
manner, and the most revolting atrocities were committed
upon his wifk by some of the msuinvcuonary party." *
* * * "ltwdl be perceived that this military
organization embraces the whole Tertitory, being arranged
into four divisions and eight brigades.^ * * * ■*
a lam well satisfied that a large portion of the insurrection-
ary party in this Territory do riot desire a peaceful settle-
ment of this question, but wish it to remain open, iu oidei
to agitate the country for years to comc." * * *
" August 18. The insurgent militaryorganization under
G eneral Lane is still piogressing. Jirms are being supplied
and lira troops drilled for action. We are threatened with
the seizuie of the polls, at various points, by these insurgent
forces. When it is remembered that the Topeka party
claim to outnumber their opponents at least ten to one, the
pretext tor assembling these forces to protect the polls is
evidently most fallacious. 
But notwithstanding all factious opposition, the
convention did submit the great and only distract-
ing question of slavery to the popular vote.
Mr. Chairman, the responsibility of the sub-
mission of the constitution was wholly with the
convention. U cannot be inquired into by Con-
gress; and we have no right to intervene between
the constituency of Kansas and their delegates to
that constitutional convention.
It is claimed, however, that as a large majority
of the people of Kansas did not vote on the 21st.
December when the constitution was submitted to
the people under the authority of the convention,
and the vote on the 4th January .shows a very
large majority against the constitution, Congress
should desist and not force this constitution on
the people against so large an expression of the
popular will.
Mr. Chairman, this argument is more specious
than solid. It rests on a radical mistake m the
theory of our system of representative govern-
ment. T argue that the popular will should gov-
ern, and that no government can be forced upon
i the people against their consent. But how is tins
will to be collected and ascertained ? By popular
! outbreaks and tumultuous assemblies? No,fsir;
I but by regular forms prescribed by law. The
people begin the work of representative govern-
ment by limitations on their own power not less
than by restrictions on their agents. _ They limit
themselves in their power of selection of repres-
entatives by requiring certain qualifications of
age, residence, &c. Suffrage, which is the dele-
1 gation of authority from each sovereign citizen of
' a community to his representative agent, is the
foundation stone of our representative system,
it is the channel through which power emanates
from the masses. Suffrage itself js restricted and
regulated by law. It is through prescribed forms
of law that this inestimable right is guarded from
force, fraud, and violence. It is by forms ot law
that this right is restricted to the time, place, man-
ner, and mode of exercise therein prescribed.
When all have spoken who are entitled to speak,
their collected will undgr legal forms are certified
to that power entitled by legal enactment to re-
ceive f*uch certificate. Such return must be con-
clusive as the authentic and legtxlly-prescubed
mode of ascertaining the will of the people. Were
it not so, the barriers placed by the people around
their own institutions as a protection against fac-
tion, impulse, or fanaticism, would become mere
ropes of sand, and we should be always in a state
of anarchy.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what right had ihe Ter-
ritorial Legislature to direct a vote on the 4th of
January ? By what warrant of authority do they
interpose between a convention called to ft awe a
constitution and its constituency r The conven-
tion had duected a vote to be taken on the 21st of
December upon the slavery clause of that consti-
tution. They had ordained a State government
by regular legal process. They had ordered an
election of State officers under this constitution,
to take place on the 4th of January; and the peo-
ple, by a large vote for these officers, had acqui-
esced "in this State government. I have already
cited the case of Scott vs. Jones, (5 Howard, page
38U,) to show that an act of the Legislature of
Michigan, passed before her admission into tho
Union, was declared valid. The organic law of
Kansas, upon its admission into the Union, wouhl
be of course treated as valid from its creation, anu
all the prior acts of the convention, or acts of tne
State Legislature under it, even before admission,
would ro.-vn back to the period of their adoption.
If th/« Lecompton convention be deemed a vaiitf^
