1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
a better class of emigrants, many of whom are
far superior in moral worth and intellectual cul-
tivation to those who have denounced them.
This population formed a part of the census of
1855; and the election of March 30, of that year,
having been ordered, the pro-slavery party found
that something must be done to defeat the decided
majori ty which clearl y existed against them. Less
than one year previous, the public faith had been
pledged that, the people of the Territory should
govern themselves as they saw fit; but the astute
and unscrupulous managers of the pro-slavery
party took the liberty, under the unexpected state
of things which had arisen, of making practically
an informal and somewhat illegal amendment to
the act, so that in effect, instead of the people of
Kansas, it was the people of Missouri, who should
be left to form and regulate the domestic institu-
tions of Kansas in their own way. During the
few days preceding the election, the roads leading
from the Missouri boruerinto Kansas, were filled
with armed men, without women or children;
with no furniture, except that of the camp; every-
thing indicating an invasion, and not an immigra-
tion. The districts where they voted were dot-
ted with their camp-fires, and " night was made
hideous by their revels."
The few days succcedingthcelection, the roads
were again filled by these men, with their backs
turned on Kansas, making their way home, to
relate to their families the incidents of their little
jaunt over the border. Can there be any doubt
what was the duty of the government officials at
that election ? Unquestionably they should have
so ordered it that the bona fide inhabitants should
have voted, and those alone, it their arrange-
ments to secure this were defeated by the irrup-
tion into certain districts of an overwhelming
armed force, against which they had not the means
to contend, they should have so reported it, and
have never consented to make returns, for there
were no legal returns to be made, until a fair
election had been held by actual residents, who
alone had the exclusive right to make an elec-
tion.
But it was not the power, it was the will to do
justice and carry out the pledges which Congress
had given, that was wanting. Kansas must be
made a slave State at all hazards. That had been
determined upon. But as the people would not
do it if, as had been promised them, they should
be left perfectly free to form their own laws, the
unscrupulous official agents and instruments of
the slave power returned the Legislature elected
by the Missourians, and these representatives of
a foreign people thus fraudulently returned, im-
mediately proceeded to perform the work which
they had been chosen to execute.
The free-State people were to be oppressed, in-
timidated, and, if possible, crushed out and ex-
pelled; and this wa.-s attempted by robbery, arson,
and murder in the country, and by tyrannical and
intolerable laws in the Legislature.
The houses of the-free-State inhabitants were
burned; their crops were destroyed; they were sub-
jected to the most cruel persecutions, and when
they sought redress in the courts, they could pro-
cure scarcely a show of an effort to punish or ar-
rest tiie iuffians. This is no exaggerated picture;
it is well attested by men entitled to credit^and
who came home to the communities where they
were well known, to relate it. The Legislature
passed laws which no one dare defend in a free,
civilized community. The right of free speech,
the freedom of the press, the rights of conscience
were destroyed. There cannot be found to-day,
in the lecords of any government, however arbi-
trary and tyrannical, laws so infamous, so dis-
graceful to the enacting power, as those enact-
ed by tins foreign Legislature, established by an
armed invasion, over a people who are derisively
told that they may form and regulate their insti-
tutions in their own way.
The pro-slavery party, however, had mistaken
their men. The people of Kansas were not of
that material which could be cowed by intimida-
tion, or crushed by persecution, sustained though
it was by Federal dragoons. Accustomed to obey
the laws of a real government, they disdained and
disregarded the enactments ofausurpation. They
held a convention, chosen by a majority of the
people, and framed a constitution, adopted by the
same majority of the people, and formed a State
government; and for this they have been declared
rebels, guilty of treason. Where was the rebel-
lion, ana what acts constituted it? There was no
insurrection against the legal authorities; there
was no resistance to the enforcement of legal en-
actments; there was never an attempt to put the
Topeka government in operation against the laws
or officers of the United States. There was sim-
ply an organization which Congress was respect-
fully petitioned to recognize; and it was never
contemplated by any body of men, as far as I
know, that it should go into operation without
such recognition. The whole proceeding, from
beginning to end, was entirely legal and proper,
and in accordance with precedents established in
the formation of other States.
The troops of the United States compelled an
obedience to laws which the people did not be-
lieve to have any validity, because they were not
permitted to have any voice in the enactment of
them, and because they were the tyrannical and op-
pressive enactments of ausurpation. They would
not have obeyed them if they had not been com-
pelled to; but they have made no armed resistance
to their enforcement. It is an every-day occurrence
in all the States for the officers to be obliged to
enforce some law or other; yet I never heard that
those who were so compelled to a reluctant obe-
dience were called rebels orconsidered such. Had
the inhabitants resisted with arms the enforce-
ment of the acts passed by the usurpers, there are
many who would have applauded them; and had
the people called for aid undoubtedly they would
have had it, and matters would have been precip-
itated. But they took the wiser and more prudent
course, and deserved great praise and honor for
their temperance and patience. They resolved to
trust to the justice of their cause. They would
(< test the truth of God against the fraud of man."
They relied upon the justice of their countrymen,
who, they believed, perhaps too confidently,would
indignantly hurl the usurpers from their places,
as soon as they learned the true history of their
crimes. The party who sustain the oppressors
would have been very glad if the free-State people
had resisted ever so little, so that it had been
enough to afford a slight foundation for the charges
of factious and rebellious conduct which are re-
peated with as much persistence as if they had
been true. But the free-State men heroically en-
dured the sufferings and persecutions to which
they were subjected, rather than involve them-
selves and their friends in a direct opposition to
the United States Government, with the immense
possible consequences. There would be time
enough for that when there was no hope of relief
or redress in any other way.
But this majority, so patient, and so cautious
to keep within the strict pale of the law, continued
to increase in numbers and grow stronger in their
resolution. The foreign force, which had estab-
lished a nominally legal authority over them by
armed violence, must now devise some new mode
of oppression to prevent this continued accretion
to the strength of the majority. They determined
to expel, if possible, some of its members, and to
render it impossible for those who remained to
exercise the rights guarantied to every citizen of
the United States, and especially promised to the
people of Kansas by the Kansas-Nebraska act.
Laws were passed such as are not uncommon in
countries subject to a despotic government; for
there the rulers make no pretense of deference to
the will of Hie people; but here, under our Gov-
ernment, whose fundamental principle is that the
people shall have perfect freedom of speech and
conscience and of action, we have, for the first
time, an instance where the people are deprived
of all of them. There is an attempt made to estab-
lish, by violence, or fraud, or any iniquity which
may be necessary to accomplish the purpose, the
relation of slavery among a people, a great ma-
jority of whom detest it; a great majority of the
people of the whole country sympathizing with
them in their abhorrence of it. They oppose it
because they believe it an institution nefarious in
itself, and pernicious in its influence. It is a curse
upon any State where it exists; it affects all the
relations of a community, internal and external;
it is a blight upon moral and social progress; it
affects all the material interests; it depresses the
value of lands; it discourages .id debases free
labor; and gives the political control and social
predominance to a few aristocratic proprietors of
slaves; it retards and prevents the development
of all the resources of a State, and is a withering
blight upon its prosperity.
The free-State people of Kansas resist this
scourge, which would affiict and injure them, and
would be a curse upon their posterity. Yet by
those laws, which are upheld by the pro-slavery
party, they are forbidden to write, speak, or cir-
culate in any way, the expression of their hos-
tility to this great wrong; and the national Ad-
ministration emulates the oppression of foreign
despotism, in its efforts to sustain, by the employ-
ment of United States troops, the enforcement of
this tyranny.
The people were also required to take an oath
to support the organic act of the Territory, and
the fugitive slave law. Who ever heard before of
a people being required to swear that they would
support a statute ? If it is proper to require an
oath to support one legislative enactment, why
not another; why not the tariff, why not the sub-
Treasury, why not any act, good, bad, or indif-
ferent, insignificant or important, which Congress
or a Legislature, in its wisdom or its folly, may
have passed r Officers are required to swear fidel-
ity to a constitution because that is the source of
all law. It is an embodiment of the sovereignty
of the people, to which they owe their allegiance;
and if it was not sustained and enforced, there
would be anarchy and an entire absence of au-
thority for any law. But the requirement of an
oath by the citizen to sustain any law, is a require-
ment to give up one of his dearest privileges, which
is to oppose any law as far as he can do so legally.
The law may be unconstitutional, and he may
think it his duty, as a good citizen, to resist its
enforcement. And where, as in Kansas, the peo-
ple are required to sustain a law which many of
them do believe unconstitutional, and which is
repugnant to their conscienccs and their sense of
right, before they can vote, it is a wanton act of
injustice, calculated and designed, not to protect
the law, but to oppress the citizen, and deprive
him of his right by requiring him to do what, if
he is an honest man, it is morally impossible for
him to do. These two sections,eleven and twelve,
of the law should be preserved and go down in
history as examples of the extremes to which the
passions and the rage for power will carry men.
The law accomplished its intended; purpose, and,
sustained as it was by armed numbers from a
neighboring State, effectually prevented the at-
tendance of the free-State voters at the polls at
the election in October, 1856, and another House
of Representatives was chosen by a foreign peo-
ple " to form and regulate the institutions of Kan-
sas in their own way."
By this Legislature was called the convention
to frame a State constitution. The facts and in-
cidents attending the choice and action of that
convention have been so often repeated of late
that I shall not recite the details. The people had
the most solemn and earnest assurances from the
Federal officers, the faith of the Executive being
pledged thereto, that the constitution should be
submitted to the popular vote; and strange to say,
considering the number of pledges to them which
had not been kept, they once more trusted to the
honor of their opponents. It is due to the Gov-
ernor and his Secretary to say that they did all
they could to keep their word, and for so doing,
one was compelled to resign, and the other was
removed by the Executive. The convention
framed a pro-slavery constitution. As if in mock-
ery they offered it to the people, with the power
to vote upon the slavery clause alone, while, if
every vote in the Territory hod been for the " con-
stitution with no slavery," slavery would have
been continued and established there by that con-
stitution. Here were a people who believed that
the question of the establishment of slavery was
of greater importance than any other in the form-
ation of their State government. It was one which
would have immense influence upon their present
and future prosperity. The value of their property,
and their means of increasing it, would be seri-
ously affcctcd by it, yet they were not permitted
to decide that question.
It ls.isserted that this, the only question of great
importance to the people of Kansas, was submit-
ted to their vote. There are many men upon this
floor, who support the acceptance of this consti-
tution, who I was unwilling to believe would con-
sent to countenance and sustain so great and pal-
pable an injustice as this is. The right to inter-
