1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
assault; therefore, it must be guarded by constitu-
tional sanctions. Hence the Dred Scott opinion—
interpreted by President Buchanan, in his letter to
Professor Sillirnan and others, as containing the
doctrine, as it undoubtedly does, that the Consti-
tution of the United States affixes, in certain cases,
to persons of African descent, the character of
property—stamps them with the mark of chattels.
If this be sound doctrine, it is plain that the Con-
stitution carries slavery, not only into the Terri-
tories, but into the States; for whatever it makes
property, no State law or constitution can declare
shall not be properly.
Sir, this is a monstrous doctrine; and that it is
necessary to be maintained, only proves the mis-
chievous and desperate character of the system
for whose protection it is invoked. If it is the
true doctrine, then was the Constitution ordained
not to secure the "blessings of liberty" to the
people of this country, but to fix upon them for-
ever a system regarded by its framers,and all the
early statesmen, as without foundation in natural
right or sound policy; then must it be admitted
that the great end and object of the Constitution
was to establish or protect slavery everywhere
within the range of its operations. For if it re-
cognizes, and was intended to recognize, property
in slaves to such an extent that it is not within
the power of a State (op Territory) by its laws, to
forbid the existence of this relation within its
own jurisdiction, it does, in regard to property
inslaves, what it has never been understood to
effect in respect to property in anything else—it
makes a fundamental distinction between slave
property and all other kinds of property. It
has never been held that the Constitution gives
to horses, oxen, carriages, or anything else, the
character of property, in the sense in which it is
understood by the President and by the Supreme
Court to affix that character to negroes held to
service. The legislative power of a State or Ter-
ritory may, without doubt., declare thatthere shall
tie no property in liquors of domestic manufac-
ture, in bank notes, in horses, in carriages with-
out wheels or with wheels or with wide wheels
or narrow wheels, or in oxen, as I am informed
the Legislature of Missouri has already done.
Nobody, I presume, questions the existence of
this power in the States. It is exercised by them
every day. Deny it to them, and they are de-
prived of one of their most important functions.
What power but that of the people of the several
States can decide what shall be treated as prop-
erty witlnn their respective jurisdictions? Shall
the Federal Government exercise this power? If
so, whence is it derived? Does the Constitution
declare what is property in New York or Penn-
sylvania? If so, what becomes of the police
powers of the States? No, sir; this light to de-
clare what may be held and recognized as prop-
erty exists in the several States, each for itself,
and nowhere else.
Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding these and other
objections on the part of the true friends of self-
governmentandof the Constitution, the Nebraska
bill became a law, and the Missouri compromise
was abrogated and destroyed. The opponents of
slavery extension were beaten, but their respons-
ibilities to the Territories, to the country, and to
thecauseofhuman nature, did notceaso with this
defeat. An opportunity to labor for the preser-
vation of the Territories remained; and duty and
consistency alike enjoined upon them the obliga-
tion of taking care, so far as they had the power,
that the act for organizing the Territories of Ne-
braska and Kansas should be honestly executed.
They could not restore the Missouri compromise
—they attempted to do it in the last Congress
and failed—but they could say to the Demo-
cratic party, you have passed this bill for the
avowed purpose of enabling the people of these
Territories to decide for themselves m reference
to slavery as well as other questions of interest
to them; we fear that some of your number are
determined that they shall not do so unless they
decide in a particular way. To you, therefore,
who really believed in what you called popular
sovereignty, and who in good faith promoted the
passage of this law for the reasons which you
urged with so much earnestness and persistency,
we look to take care that what you alleged were
its genuine objccts, shall be faithfully carried out;
and as the best, and as all that wc can now do,
we pledge ourselves to act with you, if you will
permit it, and if not, to act without you, in honest
purpose, to secure to the people of these new com-
munities an opportunity to exclude slavery there-
from if they shall so desire. You were pledged
to protect them in the exercise of this grant, or
right, if you please to call it so—pledged by your
speeches, your resolutions, your presses, by the
messages of your late, and the inaugural address
of your present President. But, sir, in what
way have these pledges been kept, and to what
extent have you been permitted to keep them ?
It is not necessary for my present purpose that
I should recall to your notice the operations of
the "border ruffians" in Kansas in 1854, when
a Delegate was first sent to this House from that
Territory, chosen by the votes of some twelve or
fourteen hundred non-residents, men who had no
better right to vote there than you had; in 1855,
when a Legislature was imposed upon that peo-
ple by citizens of Missouri and other slave States,
who, to the number of more than four thousand
eight hundred, invaded the Territory of Kansas
and claimed and exercised the privilege of voting,
and by theirvoteselectedalarge majority,ifnotall,
of the members of that body; in 1856, a year stained
by the record of crimes and atrocities in that un-
happy Terrritory, so monstrous and so strange
that history will set it apart for its bad eminence
from all other years in the roll of many centuries.
But I will come down to the present year and to
what has transpired under the administration of
Mr. Buchanan. And, sir, I regret to say that I am
compelled to believe that this Administration has
never intended that the people of Kansas should
be permitted to decide for themselves m respect
to the question of slavery. At the same time that
I say this, in deepest sorrow and because I must
say it if 1 speak the truth, I rejoice with exceed-
ing joy in the manifestation, in influential quarters,
of a fixed and unchangeable purpose to see that
what were urged as the true principles of the Ne-
braska bill shall be respected and carried out at
all hazards.
But to return to the Administration. I have
said, in effect, that I do not believe that the Ad-
ministration ever intended that Kansas should be
a free State, let the wishes of her people be what
they might. And for this belief I am prepared to
give my reasons. Men and Governments are to
be known by their actions, rather than by their
professions. Soon after the inauguration of Mr.
Buchanan, the question "who shall hold the offices
for and in Kansas?" claimed the attention of the
Administration. Governor Geary, who, it was
understood, was in favor of popular sovereignty,
so called, intimated, it is said, his willingness to
continue in office as Governor, if he could be
allowed to employ all the proper means neces-
sary to protect the people in the exercise of their
rights. But no, this was not to be thought of;
and a distinguished gentleman from Mississippi
in whom, from his residence in the South, and
his known views upon the subject of slavery, it
was supposed, no doubt, that full confidence might
be reposed by the propagandists, was appointed
in the place of Governor Geary. For the subor-
dinate offices in the Territory the most extreme
and notorious pro-slavery men were selected—
in some instances, men who had been most un-
scrupulous and violent in their efforts to defeat
the popular will; even men who had been the
leadiiig spirits in those deeds of inhumanity and
blasphemy which made the land shudder, and
whose arms were red to the shoulders with the
blood of their murdered victims.
It is true, the Administration promised the peo-
ple of Kansas that they should have an honest
vote at their elections. How was this promise
fulfilled r To say nothing of the election of mem-
bers of the constitutional convention, to which I
shall have occasion to allude hereafter, let me call
your attention to the election of members of the
Territorial Legislature. When it had been de-
monstrated to the satisfaction of the Governor and
Secretary of Kansas that the most palpable and
stupid frauds had been perpetrated in McGee and
Johnson counties, by which the majority of the
Legislature would be given to the slave-State men
—frauds so patent that the President himself did
not doubt their existence, and the Governor and
Secretary,as fair men,could nothelp rejectingthe
votes returned through these frauds, whereby the
free-State men were placed in the majority in the
Legislature—whatdid the President do? Approve
and commend the course of Governor Walker and
Secretary Stanton in performing their duty, and
seeing that the rights of the people to govern them-
selves, so far as delegated by the organic act, were
not destroyed byfraud? No; but if all rumor be
correct, he had for them nothing but frowns and
reproaches. Now, if Governor Walker had been
more faithful to the Administration, and less true
to the people and his own promises, and had given
certificates to the pro-slavery claimants in John-
son and McGee, it would not have been difficult,
under the forms and pretenses of an adherence
to the doctrine of popular sovereignty, to have
brought Kansas into the Union as a slave State.
But when this election was lost all was lost, and
the pretexts even of popular sovereignty were as
good as dismissed forever.
I now come to a consideration of the Lecompton
constitution and the President's message. The
Constitution of the United States provides that
Congress may admit new States into the Union.
The very language used implies the exercise of a
discretion in Congress; it ought to be, no doubt,
a wise, honest, just discretion. 1 do not under-
stand from the Constitution, or from the practice
of Congress, that any particular form of applica-
tion is necessary. Whenever the judgments and
consciences of Senators and Representatives are
satisfied that the people of a Territory having a
sufficient population desire to be admitted into
the Union as a State, and they present themselves
with a constitution providing for a republican
form of government, and which does no injustice
to other States, which contains nothing immoral,
indecent, or greatly wrong, it is the duty of Con-
gress to grant the prayer of their petition. But
if the constitution presented does not provide for
a republican form of government; if it contains
provisions which are manifestly unjust to other
States; if its provisions are indecent and immoral,
although they may not be regarded as strictly in-
consistent with the idea of a republican form of
government; or if the members of Congress be-
lieve, and from the evidence must believe, that it
is not in accordancc with the wishes of a majority
of the people; if they know, as well as anything
of the kind can be known, that the majority of
the people are opposed to it and would vote against
it if they had a chance, it is their duty to vote
against the admission of a State with such a con-
stitution and under such circumstances. I should
do it. I will not vote to drag a people into the
Union against their will, if I know their will, and
under a constitution which is not theirs. I have
no right to do so. In thus voting I would abuse
the power vested in me as much as I should if I
wore to vote against the admission of a State
which should present a petition for admission ac-
companied by a just and republican constitution,
and should have the best reason to know that it
was the wish of the great majority of the people
that she should be admitted.
I shall not look to forms and technicalities, but
i to the substance, m such cases. I would not con-
I sider an enabling act by Congress, or an act of
i the Territorial Legislature, necessary in any case
to authorize the people to ask for admission as a
State. Should a Territory having the requisite
population desire admission as a State, and a re-
spectable number of her citizens issue a call for
an election at which the judgment of the people
could be taken whether they would have a State
government, and it should be made to appear
to my mind that a majority of the people desired
the formation of such a government, and should
these people provide for an election of delegates
to a convention to form a constitution, and elec-
tions be held under such call, and the people vote
thereat and elect delegates, and these meet in
convention and frame a proper and republican
constitution, and submit it to the people, by a
clear majority of whom it should be ratified, and
I should perceive that all things were done hon-
estly and in good faith, can there be the slightest
doubt that it would be both my right and duty,
under such circumstances, to vote for her admis-
sion as a State? On the other hand, if a constitu-
tion should be sent here under the authority of1
forty enabling acts or territorial acts, and the evi-
dence should be of such character as to enforce
the conviction that the people had never made
that constitution nor asked for admission under
it; that it had been carried by fraud and violence
over their heads, and was sent here, that a gov-
