1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Mr. PHELPS submitted the motion; and it:
was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union
had, according- to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill (H. R. No. 306) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1858, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
"WILLS CASE.
Mr. COMINS. I move the House adjourn.
Mr. JEWETT. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. COMINS. I withdraw it to hear what
the gentlemen wants.
Mr. JEWETT. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads reported adversely on the
case of Mr. Wills, of Kentucky; and I ask that
his petition and papers be withdrawn from the
files of the House, and referred to the Court of
Claims.
There was no objection; and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
And then, on motion of Mr. COMINS, (at
a quarter to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 25, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. C. C. Meader.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, com
municating a letter of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, explanatory of a change in
the schedules of all the Pueblo and private land
claims in New Mexico, heretofore reported to
Congress, which has been proposed by the sur-
veyor general and adopted by the General Land
Office; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, a state-
ment showing the progress of the report of Major
W. H. Emory on the United States and Mexican
boundary survey; which, on motion of Mr. Ma-
son, was ordered to lie on the table, and a mo-
tion by him to print it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
chief clerk of the Court of Claims, returning, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
petition and papers of James Myer; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TjIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Belldona and its vicinity, in Pennsylvania,
praying for the establishment of a mail route
from Waterford to Wattsburg; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DIXON presented the memorial of Charles
H. Jackson, a commander in the Navy, who had
been placed upon furlough, and subsequently re-
stored to his rank and position in the service,
praying to be allowed arrears of pay for the time
he was furloughcd; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, remonstrating
against any change of the law establishing the
Light-House Hoard; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Bed-
ford county, Pennsylvania, operatives engaged in
the manufacture of iron, praying for protection to
that branch of American labor; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Robert K.
Smith, heir of John Smith, praying for the con-
firmation of his title to certain lands in the Bas-
trop grant in the State of Louisiana; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented additional papers
in relatum to the claim of Anson Dart; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian AfFaiis.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 181) for the relief of Anson
Dait be recommitted to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
SECRETARY OF THE SENATE.
Mr. MASON. I wish to bring before the Sen-
ate a matter, in the nature of a question of privi-
lege I presume, which is interesting to the organ-
ization of the Senate. It is known to the Senate
that we have been, unfortunately, deprived of the
services of the Secretary of the Senate for some few
weeks past by illness, which, I regret to say, al-
though he is certainly convalescent, still continues,
and which not only disables him from the active
duties of his office, but which renders it desirable,
in the opinion of his physician and of his imme-
diate friends, of whom 1 am happy to count my-
self one, that he should be relieved as far as possi-
ble from any of the business of the Senate. There
are some duties—very few, however—which the
Secretary alone is competent to perform. He is
the disbursing officer of the Senate under bonds,
and none but he, of course, can act as such. Be-
sides that, he is the only officer of the Senate who
is indued with the franking privilege in sending
off public documents and public papers; a duty
which he alone can discharge.
My proposition is to appoint, ad interim only,
an acting Secretary who shall be placed under the
same responsibility, and who shall discharge the
duties of the Secretary during the pleasure of the
Senate, and during his disability, not at all to in-
terfere with the existing office or officer. I have
drawn up a resolution which I ask to have read.
I shall not now ask for its consideration, but I
will call it up in the course of the day to be dis-
posed of. The immediate purpose is, from a very
kind regard which I am sure all Senators enter-
tain to that officer, (who has been very long an offi-
cer of the Senate, and a very exemplary, efficient,
and well informed one,) if we can, and I think we
can, to divest him, while he is disabled, from any
of the responsibilities of the office, or any of the
duties of signing his name, which it is supposed
may prejudicially affect his convalescence. I ask
that the resolution may be read, and may lie over
for consideration.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Resolved, That he, and is hereby, appointed act-
ing Secretaiy of the Senate during the temporary disability
by sickness of the Secretary of the Senate, and that said
aotmjx {Secretary of the Senate be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and empowered to do all official acts pertaining to the
otficc of Sceretaiy aforesaid, and under the same responsi-
bilities now devolved on the Secretary, and after giving the
like official bond, and that he shall continue so until the
further order of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I would only say, in addition,
that I propose to fill up the blank with the name
of the present chief clerk of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I should think there would
be no objection to the resolution, and I know of
no reason why it should not be passed now.
Mr. MASON. There is certainly, I presume,
no objection; but it occurred to me that possibly
some Senators might desire to see how far this
would be in conformity to any existing laws.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would like to look at that
point.
Mr. MASON. I will state that I have exam-
ined the laws, and I find the condition of the Sec-
retary of the Senate to be this: It is an office
j created by the Senate only, not by law, under
the general authority of the Constitution to each
House of Congress to appoint its own officers.
The office of Secretary is cieated by the Senate,
and not by law. The lav/ devolves certain duties,
[ especially those of disbursing officer of the Sen-
| ate, on the Secretary as an act of the law; but
i when we appoint the officer, I feel no doubt that
! he is competent, by resolution of the Senate, to
discharge all the duties.
Mr. CAMERON and others. Let it be acted
on now.
Mr. MASON. 1 ask that it be acted on, un-
less the Senator from Louisiana desires that it
shall he over for the present.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to look at
the law. I think probably there will be this dif-
ficulty: I do not doubt at all the power of the
i Senate to appoint an acting Secretary; but I think
: there are certain duties which, by law, are de-
, volved on the Secretary of the Senate, and if Mr.
j Dickins remains titular!y the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, I doubt whether our appointing an acting
Secretary will confer on that acting Secretary the
necessary powers of performing certain functions
which are devolved by law, on the Secretary of
the Senate, and I apprehend there may be a neces-
sity for a joint resolution. It is only with that
view that I make the suggestion.
Mr. MASON. Let it lie over. It is certainly
worthy of consideration.
The resolution lies over.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred
the petition of John Caris and others, members
of Captain Campbell's company of volunteers in
the war of 1812, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, relative to a post office, court-
house, and custom-house at Burlington, in that
State, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of that subject.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Trenton,
New Jersey, praying for the enactment of a law
to change the name of the port of Lamberton to
that of Trenton, reported a bill (S. No. 913) to
change the name of the port of Lamberton, in the
State of New Jersey; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr.BENJAMIN,fromtheCommittee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 192)
to provide for the general introduction of an inter-
national code of marine signals, reported it with-
out amendment.
SHIP FRANKLIN.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs,submitted the following resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
inform the Senate of the present condition of the United
States ship Franklin, and of the expediency of fitting her
tor sea as a screw-steamer, with full steam power.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
Monday next.
LAND DISTRICTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BRODERICK. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 210)
to create additional land districts in the State of
California, and for other purposes, have instruct-
ed me to report it back, with an amendment. If
there be no objection, I hope the bill will be now
considered and passed.
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be acted on now.
It is a matter of pressing necessity to have addi-
tional land districts. Our lands are advertised for
sale, and it is impossible to go on with the sales
unless we have the new districts.
Mr. BRODERICK. There are two letters ac-
companying the report, which I ask may be print-
ed, so that they may go with the bill to the other
House.
The motion was agreed to.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. The amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands is m bne three, to strike out the
j words " two or three;"and in the same line, after
j the word "districts," insert "in his discretion,
! not exceeding three;" so that it will read:
| '• That the President of the United States be, anil he is
] heiobv, authorized to establish additional land districts in
: his discretion, not exceeding three.:5
The bill will then read:
I Be if enacted, <§"c., That the President of the United States
! he. and he w hereby, authorized to establish additional land
j districts in hi- discretion, not exceeding three, m the State
of California, and to fix, from tune to time, the boundaues
[ thcieof as the public interests may lequiie, winch dntnets
shall re-pecriveiy be named after the places at which the
offices shall first be established, and the President of the
United Stales shall be authorized hereafter, from time to
time, as circumstances may require, to adjust the bound-
aries of any and all the land districts in said State, and
remove the ofiices when the same shall be expedient.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the President is
hereby authoiizcd to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, or during the recess theieof, and
until the end of the next ensuing session, a register and re-
cpivpi for each of said add'tional distuets, who «*hall respect-
ively be required to reside at the site of the oliices, shall be
