APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
A-dmission of Kansas'-—Mr. Gilmer.
Ho. of Reps.
above paragraph that were quoted by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. It was not Rlr. Green's
argument, but that ofii many generous persons."
Mr. Green gives two answers to the paragraph
quoted, as follows:
"To such, without resorting to the ready answer that
Congress has 110 power to modify or alter a State constitu-
tion, and has expressly stipulated that the people of Kansas
shall be permitted to form f/ieiroif insii£wfions,siibjectONLY
to the Constitution of the United States, uvo replies may be
given. The first one is this: the clause complained of in
ttie Lecompton constitution, in this connection, is in these
woids;
He then proceeds to give the provision in the
Lecompton constitution, and says:
That this provision is not objectionable to the Aboli-
tionists. in fact, and is now urged by tliom and their fi icnds
only for popular e'Ject, pioved by the overwhelming fact
thatihe Abolitionists of Kansas inserted m their ' Topeka
constitution* the following more objectionable provision :
' Amendment* to the Constitution.—Article xvi.
<i 1 Section 1. All propositions for amendments to the
constitution shall be made by the General Assembly.
<> < Sec. A concurrence ot two thirds of the members
fleeted to each IIouso shall be necessary, after winch Mich
proposed amendments shall be enteied upon the journals
with the yeas and nays; and the Secretary of State shall
e«iu<e the same ro bo published in at lea-^t one newspaper in
each county m the State wheie a newspaper i.s published,
for at lea-t six months piecedmg the next election for Sen-
ators ot Representatives, when such piopo.^ed amendment
thai! be ng.iin icteired to the LegMlatuic clcctcd uc\t suc-
ceeding said publication, if pas:-ed by the .second Legisla-
ture by amajonty of two thirds oi the membeis elected to
each House, such amendments shall be republished, as
aloie--aul, for at lea-u sik months prior to the. nevt general
election, at winch election such proposed amendments shalI
he .-ubmitted to the people for then approval or lejcction ;
and if the majority of the electors voting <u such election
shall adopt such amendments, the same shall become a part
ol the constitution.
" 4 Sec. 3. When more than one amendment is submitted
at the same time, tin y shall be so <mbmiite<l a-? to enable the
electors to vot" upon each amendment hop irately.
44' Si' c i. No convention lor the foimation of a new con-
stitution f-ball be called, and no amendment to the constitu-
tion shall be, by the General Assembly, made before the year
ltido, nor moie than once in five years thereafter.' "
And then Mr. Green1 proceeds as follows:
"The second tcpiy h this: suppose the grievance real,
mid that it ou«ht to be redressed, U unneeessaiy for (Jon
gioss? to unlawfully uilerfeie toi that purpose, inasmuch as
the Lecompton convention has piovided a lull, lawful, and
perieel icinedv flu eveiy conceivablegnevanee, <ind placed
that temcdv in the ninei-an-icd hands ot* a majonty of ihe
people, by in^ei tiny m the constitution ol'ICan-iK the folio w-
luir dHtiuct and unequivocal leeognition ol power:
"' All political powei), inherent in the people, and all fiee
government-' are lounded on ilieir authority, and instituted
for their benefit, and theiefoie they have at all times an in-
alienable ami indei(\\Mble ught to alter, lefoim, or abolish
then toun oi govei nine tit in such manner as they may think
proper '
" The Abohtioni-ts of Kan?as have thus far sought power
bv methods unknown to the law and bv violence, and not
tluou^h the pea'M ful ngein-y ofthe ballot-box. Cl.unmigto
it.ive a in i|oi ity of the voiei •, of the Ten itory,and thnclore
able to ''lect Le'ri. latures :ind conventions, they yet ask Oon-
gie-s to wrouiri u!J \* do fot tin1!)! what ihev may, at legal times
and leyal pla«>e-s, i i?bifnllv do loi themselves, that is, change
oi aboii.-h their constitution."
Thus it will be soph how an erroneous quota-
tion, however unintentional, may do injustice to
a gentleman's position,and howeasily, by a true
quotation of all the text, the argument of thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris] is an-
swered. By such arguments and quotations from
his own manuscript the fate of the Senator from
Missouri might be made to resemble that of Zadig
in Voltaire's tale. A fragment of paper was found
containing these verses, in his own hand-writing:
I'y crimes of deepen dve
lie's of the thione possessed;
'Gainst peace and liberty
An enemy pioieat-ed
and these lines were construed into a seditious and
traitorous libel against the reigning Prince. But
as they were leading poor Zadig to execution, a
parrot flew to the place with another fragment,
which saved his life; for it exactly fitted the for-
mer, and on it were written other words, which
entirely changed the complexion of the supposed
libel. The whole read thus:
<k By crimes of deepest dye we've seen the earth made hell;
lie a ofihe throne possessed who all these powers can
quell;
'Gainst peace arid liberty love only wages war—
An enemy professed, and one we well may iear."
This effort to condemn the Senator from Mis-
souii out of his own mouth, as opposing the Pres-
ident's view, signally failed. Thousands, how-
ever, throughout the land, who read the speech of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, will go to their
«raves believing tJint the Piesident, and the mem-
ber on Territories who made the majority report,
are in direct antagonism on the question of a
power in the people of Kansas to change their
constitution.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A. GILMER,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
► In tiie House of Representatives,
March 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. GILMER said:
Mr. Chairman: I have been an attentive listener
to the arguments on this Lecompton question for
three months. Whilst some of the speeches have
been calm and considerate, I feel constrained to
say that by far the larger number have been vio-
lent and extremely sectional, tending directly to
weaken the respect which the North and the
South should have for each other, and which is
essential to the safety of the Union itself. I have
heard and read speeches delivered both in this
House, and in the other end of this Capitol, by
gentlemen from the,Worth and from the South, the
true spirit and meaning of which is disunion.
True, most, if not all, profess to love the Union
and the Constitution. Their speeches arc filled
with expressions of high veneration for the Con-
stitution of our fathers. They indulge m patriotic
strains. Their addresses are robed in the most
beautiful habiliments, overflowing with profes-
sions and assurances most imposing. The spirit
of disunion is, however, the core. It is presented,
and perusal and handling secured, as you would
an aip in a casket of beautiful flowers. The de-
sign is evidently to infuse the poisonous spirit of
disunion where, for it, there could be no reception,
were proper labels attached. Professions of pa-
triotism ate uttered in loud and eloquent tones,
for peace and harmony, whilst the evident drift
is to exasperate and make wider the brcach.
Wuh pain and regiet am I forced to the belief
theie are gentlemen on this floor who, while they
oppose the admission of Kansas with the Lecomp-
ton constitution, do leally desire the bill to pass
for the sake of certain consequences, disastrous
to the peace and harmony of the country, which
they expect to grow out of it.
On the other hand, I fear that, among other gen-
tlemen advocating this measure, there are some
whose regret is that the Lecompton constitution,
and the manner of securing its presentation here,
we! e not moie odious to the people of Kansas and
the free States, so that, their ultimate object might
be the sooner secured by a bloody conflict of
northern and southern arms on the plains of Kan-
sas, and, in case of a failure in this, such bitter
sectional excitement shall certainly ensue as to
produce a fusion of all political parties in the free
States, combined as a purely sectional party,
against a similar fusion of all parties in the slave
States, by which disunion is made certain in the
end. These speeches 1 will not particularize.
They have unfortunately gone forth to the coun-
try—those of the North to be read in the South,
that they there may have samples of how north-
ern people hate and despise southern men, and
those of the South to be read in the North that
they may know how they are scorned and de-
tested by the citizens of the South.
The designs and purposes of both sides, it is to
be feared, are the same—to arouse, drill, and pre-
pare for strife the minds of a great people now
liappy, with bright prospects for the future; and
who, by their united eoeigies in advancing the
industrial and literary pursuits of the whole coun-
try, aie doing much more for the true happiness
and prosperity of us all.
Without intending to be offensive or personal,
I must be permitted to say, I envy not the man
who can look on our country as it is, and, with
composure, anticipate its condition when severed
and divided. The man who can contemplate that
terrible, day, when, by reason of civil war, our
beautiful and growing cities, towns, and villages
shall be consumed by fire; our manufactories
razed to the ground; our commerce broken up;
our lovely fields and gardens made the foraging
grounds for ribaldrous soldiery; all international
trade and communication cut off; all municipal
and family peace destroyed; our sons dragged
from their homes, amid the sighs and tears of af-
fectionate mothers and sisters, to the bloody fields
of civil strife; and all this growing out of a ques-
tion as to how, when,or in what manner forty
thousand people, only, in Kansas shall settle for
themselves their own domestic affairs; or, rather,
how they shall soonest get clear of a few slaves—
and get two " Free-Soil" Senators and one Rep-
resentative in Congress; I say, such a man has
no feeling in common with me, and none, I trust,
with the great body of the honest yeomanry of
this country, of all sections.
We have our troubles, I admit. We have had
sectional troubles of a similar kind before. Wc
have had, as now, disunion threatened, but thanks
to the good sense of the people, they have never
yet inclined to take the prescriptions of those who
boastingly decline to sing peans to the Union ?
England, from whom we derive our nature and
many of the free principles of which we boast,
had her troubles. She has had her dissensions—
her white and red roses; her land has been tinged
with blood in civil strife; and once the head of her
King was brought to the block—but her people
were attached to their Government and their con-
stitution. The storm passed away. The political
atmosphere again became pure and healthful; and
the Government was maintained and improved.
And it is my honest conviction that there is too
much good sense in the people of these United
Slates to be led away with the idea of disunion, on
account of any difficulties growing out of this
question, surrounded by such peculiar circum-
stances. I predict they will not, unless misled
and deceived. But, figuratively speaking, they
will bring to the block the political heads of all
who shall insist on any such remedy for such
complaint.
Mr. Chairman, it is not to be disguised thatour
southern people arc anxious about appearances for
the future. They see the free States, in number
and in representation, already in the majority in
both Houses of Congress, and this majority soon
to be largely increased; that while the South falls
into this minority, they have witnessed, for the
last few years, among many people of the free
States, an increasing spirit of bitter hostility to
the South and her institutions. But let us, like
statesmen, be calm, briefly trace the history of this
thing, and inquire why it is. Though by the cen-
sus, the actual figures show that the natural in-
crease of population in the slave States has been
equal to the natural native increase of the freo
States, yet the free States have excelled us in the
settlement of new Territories and raising up new
States.
In the first place, we of the southern States have
been, and now are, the advocates of free trade, and
many for direct taxes. Wc have opposed the pol-
icy of discrimination in favor of our own domestic
industry in the old States, in regulating and rais-
ing revenue, and no more than enough to defray
the expenses of the Government economically ad-
ministered.
To this policy we have made in substance, suc-
cessful opposition—thereby in a good degree cut-
ting off much of the inducement that would have
retained the industrious and energetic population
in the old States, who, in consequence, have
moved to the Territories, there settled, made new
and free States, and became producers instead of
consumers of the earth's productions.
In the second place, a majority of southern pol-
iticians have uniformly favored the policy of in-
viting, alluring, persuading, and, in fact, hiring
emigrants—not only the citizens of the States, but
of the whole world—to move and settle in our Ter-
ritories. Homesteads, by way of preemptions, in
the Territories, are offered to all the world. The
language of the whole policy is in substance"como
ye all the earth and settle in our Territories; here
you can become citizens, and without waiting to
be naturalized, according to the laws of the Union,
you can vote and hold office;" the result of which
has been to run from the old States (slave and
free) into the Territories, much of their popula-
tion, arid particularly that portion, though young,
industrious, and worthy, who have, or take but
little interest in the institutions of the South; and
