1858.
. THE jPONGllESSIONA L GLOBE.
the " constitution with no slavery" be adopted,
it will be with the condition " that the right of
property in slaves, now in this Territory, shall in
no manner be inteifered with;" and as it icspccts
the future, under this constitution, it is provided
that, after 1864, when the constitution may be
altered in all other respects, "no alteration shall
be made to affect the rights of property in the
ownership of slaves." Thus the people are to be
bound, hand and foot, and a few interlopers and
miscreants, assembled at Lecompton, in 1857, will
control the millions of people who are to inhabit
that broad and beautiful land, for ages and ages.
And this is Democracy; the democracy of sla-
very' This land of democracy—not that of
Washington and Jefferson—is fast disappearing
from our section of the country. Men in the
free Noith cannot stand it. They are so much
alarmed by its doctrines that they will not only
repudiate it for the present and future, but be anx-
ious to prove that they never had anything to do
with it their lives long. This democracy of sla-
very will hereafter be in use only as a warning or
a fright, and will operate as effectually to preserve
our public domain against the ravages of slavery
as the scare-crow set up last summer by one of
our down-east farmers did, to protect his cornfield
against the depredations of the crows. It was so
hideous and terrible, that it not only kept the
crows off this year, but frightened them so badly that
they brought back the corn they stole last year.
Sir, the " constitution with no slavery" is held
by tho.se who ought to know to be the best form
of a pro-slavery constitution. See what is said
by a correspondent of the Jackson Mississippian,
writing from Lecompton, on the 27th of Novem-
ber lasl:
'• Thus you pee tliat whilst, by submitting the question m
this foi m, they aie bound to have aiatificauonof theonc or
the oilier, and that while it hocms to be an election between
a fiee-State and pro-slavery constitution, it id m tact but a
question or'the future introduction ofslavery that is m con-
tiovoi-y ; and yet it iuiiiiahes our liiends in Congress a bas>is
on v. Inch to icst their vindication ofthe adtui&feion of Kan-
sas a-ja £tate under i* l'ifo tho Union ; while they would not
have it, sent directly from the convention.
It is the veiy best proposition for making Kansas a slave
State that was submitted l'or the consideration of the con-
vention. Tn addition to what I have stated, it embiaces a
pioviMon continuing in foice all existing laws of the Terri-
toiy until repealed by the Legislature of the State to be
elected under the piovi&ions of this constitution "
The Charleston Mercury entertains similar
opinions, as will be seen by the following:
u We are equally satisfied with the action of the conven-
tion. VVe clifier, too, with the President as to what is sub-
mitted to the vote ot the people. We do not think that the
question of blaveiv or no slavery is submitted to the vote of
the people. Whether the clause in the constitution is voted
out or voted m, slavery exists and has a guaranty m the con-
stitution that it shall not be mierfeied with; whilst, if the
slavery paity m Kansas can keep or got the majmny of the
Legislatuie, they may open wide the door for the unrnigia-
tion of slaves. 15ut this, also, is a small matter of differ-
ence with the President."
It is said that the constitution, in whatever form
it may be adopted,can be changed by the people
at any time; but this isi a mistake, /t cannot be
changed in any respect until after 1864, and even
then in no way affecting the rights of property in
slaves. But were it otherwise, and the people were
authorized to change it after 1864 in all respects,
what sort of a prospect would there be before
them ? That you may see what the more conser-
vative of the Kansas people think about it, I will
read from a recent article in the Herald of Free-
dom, a paper friendly to Governor Walker:
" Should we be so unfortunate as to be admitted into the
Umon under thatitisuument, what then are our chances for
getting out of the dilemma ? Can we throw off the yoke by
revolution? We can try, and, possibly, can luumph. It is
possible, too, that we may be defeated, as Federal bayonets,
as was the case in Rhode Island, will be at the set vice of
the government lecogmzed by Congress.
"If we are admitted into the Union under that bogus con-
stitution, and Federal troops are u ed to sustain it, and the
peop] e ai e defeated, what then are our piospects ? Let us
examine.
" We liavc then fl pro-slavery constitution, in the hands
of pio-slavery officer?, with every avenue foi the people to
change that government closed against us. Every ofiieer
of the government is out of our hands, and beyond our reach.
The Governor and Lieutenant Governor will buid their
office two years; the members of the House of Repiesenta-
tives two yeais; and of the Senate, four >enr  5 the judiciary
for six years ; and feo on to the end. The constitution can-
not be amended until after 18QA. Then it will require at
Ica&t three years to amend it, which will cany us lorvvard
ten years from this time.
" With the whole thing in the hands of the scoundrels
who managed the Oxfoid and McGee frauds, when have we
moiti hopes ofbuecess than now?
"If that constitution is adopted by Congress, and the
offices are ia the hands of the pro-slavery party, tlien thou-
sands of that party, with their negroes, will pour into Kan-
sas next spring, and they will completely inundate it, like
the frogs arid lice of Eg> pt. It will be a slave State forever,
and we' have not the power to pievent it. The free-State
residents, conscious of the withering effects of slavery,will
gradually withdraw from the Territory, and the end i* only
seen with the aceui sed institution spreading itself, like a ma-
laria, over the entire Weat. The arm of slavery, strength-
ened in the United States Senate, will not relax its effoits.
On the contiary, it will grow stiongerand stronger as years
roll on, and gather strength as new slave States are carved
out of that region lying around the base of the Rocky Mount-
ains, and 111 the basin west of it, extending to the shores of
the I'aeific."
Not only are the people of the Territory de-
prived of the right of voting against the consti-
tution and defeating it altogether; not only are
they denied the privilege of voting for a consti-
tution which prohibits slavery, but the free-State
men, who are admitted to compose an overwhelm-
ing majority, have no opportunity allowed them
to choose between the two pro-slavery forms
which were submitted. Their right even to make
this choice is dependent on the performance of a
condition which, it must have been well known,
they cannot do otherwise than reject.
Section nine of the schedule provides as fol-
lows:
person oifeung to vote at the aforesaid election
upon said constitution shall, if challenged, take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States, and to support
this constitution if adopted, under the penalties of perjury
under the territorial laws."
Now, sir, under this schedule, the voter knows,
when he offers his ballot, that the constitution
with slavery may be adopted. He not only has
the right to assume, but he does and must assume,
that it will be. In this case may is equivalent to
must. He must be prepared to say and swear
that he will support the constitution 111 whichever
of the two forms proposed it may be adopted.
Suppose it to be accepted with slavery"—as in
fact it has been—and one of its sections will read
in these woids:
" The light of pioperfv is before and higher than anv con-
stitutional s'tnrtioiiy and the i ij,ht oj the onrxcr of a slut c lo
such slave and its increase 2v the same, and a-> iunolab'.e, as
the right of the owner 0/ any property irhaterei
Thus the citizen who offers his ballot may be
required, before he can deposit it, to swear that
he will support and maintain, as a great funda-
mental truth, as one of the axioms of government,
the proposition that the nghttohold human beings
in slavery, and treat them as dumb, driven cattle,
is before and higher than any constitutional sanc-
tion; or, in other words, is founded 111 absolute
and eternal justice. All this he must swear, or he .
cannot vote. It is not enough that he should ,
make oath that he is of lawful age; that he is an
American citizen; that he has been a resident of
the Temtoiy the teim required by law,andisin
all respects a qualified voter, but he is esteemed
unfit to vote concerning the institutions under
which he is to live, unless he will recognize, by
an appeal to the God of truth, the baldest, bitter-
est lie that ever blistered human lips.
Speaking of this system, General Cass said, in
his Nebraska speech:
*' Slavery is, m my opinion, as I have said more than once
before 111 the senate, and I have no doubt unacceptable to
many, a great evil, &ocial and political."
Henry Clay declared that it could never be de-
fended " so long as the light of reason and the love
of liberty remained among men." To the mind
of Daniel Webster it was a thing " accursed."
Thomas Jefferson denounced the traffic upon
which it was founded as " piracy" and the op-
probrium of Infidel Powers. " Lord Brougham
has characterized its fundamental idea as a " wild
and guilty fantasy." John Wesley pronounced
it " the sum of all villainies." The great master of
the drama, who undeistood so well all the sides
and relations of human life, to whose marvelous
insight nothing concerning man was impenetra-
ble, speaks of it as " a curse," and as feeding its
victims with " distressful bread;" and our blessed
Lord and Savior has condemned it in all the les-
sons of His life, not less than m the memorable
words, "All things whatsoever ye would that men
should do unto you, do ye even so to them." But
now, in the last half of the nineteenth century, in
'j free democratic America, the people are not to be
' intrusted with the exercise of one of their dearest
rights, until they declare that they will maintain,
protect, and uphold this system as founded in
natural right, so help tiiem God I
And, sir, the free-State men of Kansas must .
have foreseen ihatinany possible event, whether j
they should attempt to vote or not, a majority of
! the votes were to be counted and returned for the
pro-slavery side. They knew that the men who
had counted twelve hundred votes in Oxford pre-
cinct, would be ready to do it again if necessary.
They saw that the Army, whose protection had
been refused them when they had needed it, would
be employed to protect voters from abroad, if re-
quired. And the event has justified their antici-
pations. Thirteen hundred votes were given in
Oxford, not one hundred of which can be legalj
but they are to be considered legal, and no evi-
dence will be permitted to affect their reception.
President Pierce in his special message of January
24, 1856, told the free-State men, "it is not the
duty of the President of the United States to vol-
unteer interposition by force to preserve the purity
of elections either in a State or Territory. To do
so, would be subversive of public freedom." Oh,
no! the Army may not be used to protect the
actual residents and legal voters in 1855 and 1856,
who are for free Kansas; but is to be paraded
around the polls and the avenues thereto in 1857,
to guard the Missourians, who have come over to
the Territory on the neighborly errand of voting a
constitution for its people, which establishes sla-
very as an unchangeable system among them.
Mr. Chairman, the "constitution with slavery"
was accepted on the 21st of December, by the vote
of a meager minority of the actual residents of
Kansas. It is to be the organic, fundamental law
of that State, unchangeable forever in respect to
slavery, as appears from a provision which I have
already cited, and will here read again—it js in
the section (fourteen) of the schedule which re-
fers to the futuie amendment of the constitution,
and is as follows: " But no alteration shall be made
to affect the rights of property in the ovmership of
slaves." In 110 way but by revolution can a change
! be effected 111 the slavery provisions of this con-
stitution; and should a movement of this kind be
resorted to by four fifths of the people, the Pres-
ident stands ready with the Army of the United
States to crush it and those who participate in it.
That the people might have voted on the 21st
of December, and prevented the adoption of this
constitution, is, as I have shown, a palpable and
vital error. But, let me repeat, the free-State
men, who are admitted on all hands, even by Cal-
houn and the border ruffians, to be largely in the
majority, were excluded from the ballot-box by
the oath which I have read; for they could not take
that oath and be free-State men. But if no such oath
had been interposed, how would the case have
stood? The election was under the entire con
trol of the architects of the Oxford and McGeo
frauds, and those who had procured or connived
at tho voting of Alissourians in previous elections;
and the Administration at Washington had, by its
rebuke of Governor Walker and Secretary Stan-
ton, for their rejection of false and fraudulent re-
turns, intimated, in the most unequivocal man-
ner, that any measures necessary to carry the
points of the propagandists would be approved,
or, at least, winked at. And besides, even if the
election had been committed to the supervision
of just and impartial men, who would have re-
ceived and counted all legal votes and no others,
there would, nevertheless, have been no oppor-
tunity for a vote against the constitution, nor
whether slavery should or should not exist in the
new State. The people were only permitted to
say from what sources the future supplies of slaves
should be derived.
Sir, with this plain and truthful statement, which
defies contradiction, what an insult to the intelli-
gence of this country, what a cruel mockery to the
abused people of Kansas, for the President and
his masters to declare that the responsibility of
making Kansas a slave State, rests with the free-
State men of that Territory.
Mr. Chairman, God lives and reigns; and the
days of this madness of injustice are numbered.
Within ten years of the nineteenth century has
been crowded a history whose like may never be
seen again beneath the sun—every perilous stop
in which, every fearful middle passage, was ne-
cessary to the conducting of this people through
the daik valleys and the bitter waters of barbarism
and bondage, to the broad table lands of civiliza-
tion and liberty to which the genius of American
Democracy is beckoning them, and will surely
lead them. Though they mav not be reached this
year or the next, let us not despair; but continue
