1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1321
Bubject to the same laws and responsibilities, and whose
compensation shall be the same as is now prescribed by law
for other land officers m that State.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to inquire
what the compensation now allowed by law for
otherjand officers in that State is?
Mr. GWIN. The compensation is $3,000 for
each of the officers, and that is the same as other
land officers throughout the United States receive.
They are all the same throughout the United
States.
Mr. STUART. Not to exceed #3,000.
• The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
and it was read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM ALLEN.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to consider
the bill for the relief of William Allen at this time.
It will be passed without objection, I think.
The bill (S. No. 117) for the relief of William
Allen, of Portland, in the State of Maine, was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to cause
the name of William Allen to be placed on the
pension list, at the rate of six dollars per month,
during his life, in lieu of the pension to which he
is now by law entitled.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a very brief report
accompanying the bill, which explains it; but
if there is no call for it, there is no necessity for
reading it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MAINE ON KANSAS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. X ask leave to offer cer-
tain resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Maine, and ask that they be read.
The Clerk read them, as follows:
STATE OF MAINE.
Resolves relating to Kansas and Slavery.
Resolved, That the people of Maine are unalterable in
their devotion to the Constitution and the Union, and de-
mand of the national Administration an immediate return
to the principles on which the Constitution was framed, and
by which alone the Union can be preserved.
Resolved, That the Missouri compromise was a solemn
compact between the free and slave States, that its perfidi-
ous breach m 1854 deserved, as it received, the universal
condemnation of oar Legislature and people, without regard
to party, and such remains the unchangeable conviction of
he State.
Resolved, Tnat the reign of the late territorial govern-
ment in Kansas presents a record of villainy and violence
unparalleled in modern history, unfolding a gigantic plot to
force African slavery upon the freemen of that Territory by
the barbarous and bloody edicts of a foreign Legislature,
sustained throughoutbythe Administration, with its Army,
and teiritorml judiciary.
Resolved, That the recent message of the President of the
United States is a falsification of the history of Kansas, a
libel upon the free people of that Territoiy, and a deep dis-
grace to the American name and to the office once filled by
Washington.
Resolved, That the President's confession that the late
foreign teriitorial government m Kansas would have been
overthrown by the people long before its annihilation m
October, unless he had upheld the usurpation by military
power, reveals the complicity of the Administration in the
execrable scheme of governing Kansas by a minority pus-
tamed by Federal bayonets, setting up a military despotism
to " crush out" the free-State majority, and the sovereignty
of the people; and his estimate that a standmgauny of "at
least two thousand regular troops" had been found neces-
sary to maintain the equihbnum of parties m that Terri-
tory, measures the magnitude of the free State majority—
so enormous as to equal in effective power u at least two
thousand" of his host " tioops."
Resolved, That the Piesident's astounding assertion, that
(< Kansas is1 at tins moment as much a slave State as Geor-
gia or South Carolina," is a monstrous heresy, tho slave
power's latest commentary on the doctrine of popular sov-
ereignty, and a suggestive example of the operation of the
Kansas-Nebraska lull.
Resolved, That since this is his interpretation of the Con-
stitution and the law, the people of Maine demand of the
President its practical recognition by an immediate with-
drawal of the Federal Army, the territorial Governor, and
the infamous judiciary, that the " State" of Kansas may be
left, like " Georgia or South Carolina," to the government
of State officers, and to the piotection of a " State" militia.
Resolved, That the Lecornpton constitution was conceived
in fraud, and brought forth in contemptuous defiance of
*he popular will and in mockery of the professions of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, by which alone the iniquity became
possible. Maine enters her solemn and indignant protest
against the stupendous swindle.
Resolved. That those members of Congress who at the
pa«sagcM>f the Kan-ao-Nr'bia^ka lull piofe&sed a belief in
its avowed principle of popuiarKOvereignty,are now loudly
called upon to vindicate the sincenty of their professions
by repudiating the Lecornpton constitution, in which that
principle has been shamefully betrayed.
Resolved, That if that constitution shall finally be forced
upon Kansas against the solemn remonstrance of its peo-
ple, then, in the opinion of this Legislature, they will be
justified in resisting it at all hazards, and to the last ex-
tremity; and in so righteous a stiuggle the people of Maine
are ready to aid them, both by sympathy and action.
Resolved, That the people of Maine have just cause for
gratitude and pride that they are now fully represented in
both branches of Congress by men who, entertaining and
maintaining sentiments and principles m harmony with an
immense majority of their constituents, require no specific
instructions from this Legislature. While their past course
meets our approval, it affords us the surest guarantee that
they will, to the extent of their ability, strive to avert from
our country the impending danger, by resisung to the end
the attempted outrage of forcing upon the free people of
Kansas a slavery constitution that they abhor, and in the
formation of which they have had no part.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward a
copy of these resolves to the Governors of the several Stales
and Territories, to be laid before the Legislatures thereof,
and to each of our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, to be laid before the Senate and Hou&e of Represent-
atives of the United States.
In the House of Representatives,
March 13,1858.
Read and passed.
JOSIAH H. DRUMMOND, Speaker.
In Senate, March 16, 1858..
Read and passed.
SETH SCAMMON, President.
March 16, 1858.
Approved.
LOT M. MORRfLL.
Office Secretahy of State,
Auousta, March 18, 1858.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy of the
original deposited in this office.
NOAH SMITH, Jr.,
Secretary of State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the resolu-
tions be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there is a rule
of the Senate, I think, which requires that all pe-
titions or other communications made to it should
be couched in respectful language—a rule adopted
not to preserve, or from regard to, the dignity of
those who are Senators, but to the character and
dignity ofthose whom Senators represent. I take
for granted that the honorable Senator from Maine,
who presented these resolutions, considered that
his duty as the Senator of the State, whose reso-
lutions they are, required him to present them;
but the honorable Senator knows that in those
resolutions, the act of the Legislature of Maine,
there is charged directly and in terms, perfidy
upon Congress, falsehood upon the President, and
infamy on the judiciary.
Now, sir, I have always considered it a duty in
the Senate to receive communications from one
of the States of this Union, whatever may be con-
tained in the general rules of the Senate, taking
for granted that the States of this Union would
respect themselves in their intercourse with the
Senate of the Uiflbn. I have not a word to say
either in censure or advice to the honorable Sen-
ator representing the State of Maine, and who has
thought it his duty to present resolutions of this
character. My respect for the States of this Union
will deter me from doing what, if the communi-
cation came from any other quarter, I should deem
it my duty to those whom I represent to do—
moving that the resolutions be rejected. I will
continue to respect the States of this Union who
are particularly represented here in the Senate,
and who are parties to the Government. But I
have risen only to call the attention of the coun-
try to the fact that, because of this slavery agita-
tion, one of the States of this Union has thought
it not unbecoming in her, in a communication to
the Senate, to charge, m terms, perfidy upon Con-
gress, falsehood upon the President, and infamy
upon the judiciary; I shall make no motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I suppose
the fact that I presented these resolutions renders
it incumbent on me to say a word or two in reply
to the honorable Senator from Virginia, although
he has been kind enough to say that he would
not hold me responsible for the action of the Le-
gislature in adopting them. I think he must have
misapprehended somewhat the resolutions, or else
I have misapprehended them; and I say to him .
that I have no desire to escape from the responsi- j
bility of presenting them because it was my duty i
to do so; but I go further, and say most distinctly, j
that I approve and indorse what has been said in j
these resolutions. I say, sir, the Senator has mis- :
apprehended them, because they make no charge j
whatever upon the present Congress, in speak- I
ing of perfidy, they speak of the past. The res-
olution with reference to the Missouri restriction,
has reference to a previous Congress; and I have
yet to learn that it is disrespectful to this Con-
gress to speak in disrespectful terms of one of its
predecessors. I do not know that we are called
upon to vindicate, in this way, what may have
been done by our predecessors here.
With reference to the opinion expressed as to
the repeal of the Missouri restriction, I have said
the same thing upon this floor substantially, and
upon any proper occasion I am ready to say it
again. I always have considered the repeal of
that restriction a breach of the plighted faith of
the nation, and I have said so here; and I think
that resolution says no more, - 1 may have mis-
apprehended it. I read the resolutions hastily. If
I am incorrect, the Senator will correct me, as he
has the resolutions before him.
The Senator has spoken of the charge of cor-
ruption upon the judiciary. "Why, sir, the judi-
ciary spoken of is the judiciary of Kansas, notof
the united States. I go just as far as the Legisla-
ture of Maine does, ana say that I consider it a
corrupt judiciary, to all intents and purposes. I
have expressed that opinion in private, and I am
perfectly willing to express it in public. The acts
of the judiciary of Kansas I consider to have been
disgraceful to any persons holding the judicial of-
fice.
There is one other point of which the Senator
has spoken, and that is the charge made upon the
President of the United States of having falsified
the state of things in Kansas. I am yet to learn
that it is a breach of the privileges of this body
to present a resolution here disrespectful in terms
to the President of the United States. I do not
know on what ground we should reject a petition
or resolution for that reason. We nave a rule or
an understanding among ourselves that resolu-
tions and petitions presented to Congress should
be respectful in their terms to the body to which
they are presented. That rule is very well, but
I think the immunity goes no further than that;
and I know of no reason why the people should
not, in their addresses to Congress, speak as they
feel with reference to other branches of the Gov-
ernment. I know nothing that they infringe.
If, in the hasty reading that I gave to these res-
olutions, I misapprehended their tenor in any par-
ticular, the Senator, as he hag them before him,
can correct me; but if there is any breach of the
privileges of this body, so far as X have commit-
ted any, I am ready to be responsible for it in the
proper way. Sir, I have spoken of the message
of the President of the United States in a speech
which I made here, not in terms so strong and
so direct as those used by the Legislature, but in
terms which involved the same thing. I was sorry
to be compelled to do so; but I believed it to be
my duty to do so, and in discharging that duty
I kept myself as nearly as I possibly eould within
parliamentary and proper language, taking care,
however, to express distinctly the idea which I
entertained of that message. The Legislature of
Maine has used terms rather stronger and more
direct, as they were compelled to do in passing a
short resolution, in expressing the same idea; but
I have yet to learn that there are no occasions
upon which duty may compel a member of the
Senate, or may compei the legislature of a sov-
ereign State to speak distinctly and directly of
the character of a communication made to Con-
gress by the Chief Magistrate of the United States.
Sir, if the Chief Magistrate of the United States
chooses to indorse and make his own what is
false in fact, it is a matter that involves his own
personal honor, and he must be responsible for it,
like other men, to public opinion. The President
of the United States made statements, in the com-
munication alluded to in these resolutions, which
I undertook to show upon this floor, he must have
known to be incorrcct when he made them. I
used no offensive epithets with regard to him; I
use none now, because I choose to use no offensive
epithets with regard to any person, unless abso-
lutely compelled to do so; but if my duty calls
upon me to state a fact, and to expose statements
that have been made by officers high in the public
confidence, it makes no difference how high they
are; the higher they stand, the greater is the
breach of duty they perform, and the more clear
and distinct we should be m pointing out the fact
to the attention of the American people.
