1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOB&
^deration, in a correspondent release of the United States l
fioni certain claims on tiiem." j
There is the fact we will assume. The Con- |
gtitution of the United States gays: j
u Nor shall private property be taken for public use with- j
out just compensation.,} !
There is the law; and the law and the fact, es-
tablished and brought together, ought to be auf-
ficicnt to satisfy the veriest of sticklers upon legal
technicalities.
I read somewhere the other day a speech upon
this question, a statement that the claims for spo-
liation, and those set up by France, on account ;
of treaty infractions, had never been brought to- !
gether or considered together. I wish to give an !
extract well suited to this point; I have never
seen it quoted, although I think it cannot have
been overlooked in all the discussions of the sub-
ject to which it refers. I read the extract from
page 631, Senate Documents, first session Nine-
teenth Congress, volume 5:
" The Minister of the United State* appear to hnve mis-
taken the sense of the la&t note of the French Mmi-Heis.
They imagine that the indemnities may be sacrificed byrthe
propositions of the 7th of Ftuctidor, and the treaties not-
withstanding, remain completely acknowledged and con-
firmed. It has always been the intention of the Ministers
of France to reserve to herself the right ot choice between
the restoiation of hei privileges, (the treaties,) and ihc pay-
ment of indemnities which may be brought against her. So i
that thpy have never supposed that she would enjoy the [
privileges without the payment of indemnities, nor could )
pay indemnities without enjoyment of privileges." \
Of course not; our claims were based upon the
ground that French cruisers had seized the prop-
erty of American citizens unlawfully. France as-
sents to the proposition, and suggests that as she
paid for her privileges m the part she took in our
war, and as we refused to comply with our agree-
ment, we therefore forced her to take the law into
her own hands, and hence her jusuficaiion for :
the violent acts committed. She considered the
treaties of more value than the indemnities, but 1
just then being poor, she reluctantly squared ac- ;
counts, by withholding, with the consent of our t
Government, money due to American citizens, '•
and canceling all obligations under these treaties .
as an offset. There is no doubt upon this point ;
that I can discover, and there never has existed j
a well-established doubt in the mind of any man 1
who is willing to admit the principle of cause and !
effect as bearing upon the question of interna- :
tional politics m certain cases. :
We sought the agency between the claimants
and the parties liable. AVe find the circular letter
issued m official form, calling upon American
merchants to confide their claims to the Govern-
ment. I will lead it:
'• Complaint having been nnidsj to the Government of the
United States of some m-iancc  of unjustifiable vexation
and spoliation committed on our merchant vessels by the
pi iv.neers of the Powers at war, and it l> mg possible that
oihtM nwdiieea may have happened, of which no informa-
tion has baen given to the Govei anient, I have it in ehaige
fiom the President [Washington j to assure the merchants
of the United States concerned in foreign commence or
navigation, that due attention will be paid to any injuiies
they may suffer on the lush seas, or in toieign countiies,
contiary to the law of nations, or to existing tieaties: and
that on'their forwarding hiihcr well-authenticated evidence
of tli« same, proper proceedings will be adopted for their
lehef."
In pursuance of this proffer of agency and aid—
which has never been repealed or modified—the
sufferers by French spoliations hastened_ their
proofs of loss to the Depaitment of State in full
confidence of certain and prompt success.^ The
Department forwarded these proofs to France
without keeping any record of them. There they
remain to this day. The pending bill for the re-
lief of the claimants makes it the duty of the Sec-
retary of State to cause said proofs to be collected
and placed on file in his Department.
Mr. Chairman,one of the greatest hinderances
to a just presentation of the facts in the case_un-
der consideration, proceeds from the voluminous
character of the evidence. There has been so
much said and so much written, that the truth
is greatly obscured by the mass of documentary
matter relating to the question. But, six, theie
can be no careful examination of the subject that
will not result ma conviction of thejusttceof these
claims as against the United States at least, so U
appears to me. A lawyer might find a pretext foi
opposing tlujm in the labyrinths of technical lea-
soning/but not much, I believe,founded upon fact
or justice either. .
We have had thirty-four congressional reports
upon the subject, all or nearly all of which have '
sustained the claims as due to citizens of this Gov-
ernment. We have had two vetoes, but neither
of these met the question upon its merits pre-
cisely, nor upon points legally deducible against
the bill; but rather upon such as seemed pruden-
tial or expedient at the time, however fallacious
they may have been. It may not be improper to
suggest that errors of fact as well as of judgment,
may have induced the opposition of the Execu-
tives who vetoed the bill as it came from Con-
gress. I am convinced that this is true in one
case, at least. But I wish to allude briefly to two
or three objections which are generally urged
against the payment of these claims.
I think, sir, that we must admit that the argu-
ment winch is derived from the fact that Congress
declared the treaties of 1778 null and void by the
act of 1798, is, in fact, no argument at all. It
would be marvelous if either of the parties to a
valuable contract, acting separately, could annul
its provisions at pleasure. It would be no less re-
markable if one of the parties could interpret the
true intent and meaning of an instrument, and,
without consultation, adopt a course of action
which would bind the other. Jt would be strange
if one could determine not only just how far his
responsibility in the case was binding upon him,
but also the measure of responsibility which the
contract imposed upon the other. I do not be-
lieve in such a liberal indulgence of ex: parte prin-
ciples. An international treaty is governed by
the same ruleof intelligent interpretation and per-
fect fairness as a contract between individuals. It
may be annulled by mutual consent; but so long
as it is not so annulled, it can only be destroyed
by a general war between parties living; under it.
Such a state of facts will not apply to France and
the United States during the pendancy of the dif-
ficulties; nor has it existed at any previous or
subsequent period in the history of the two Gov-
ernments.
Upon this point I must say a few words. We j
ha^e often heard, in the discussion of this subject, ■
that war actually existed between France and the ;
United States by the action of our Government; ;
but the suggestion amounts to nothing. A </urm ;
war is not a general, open war, and does not pie- ;
tend to be. The mere act of capturing the vessels ,
of one nation by those of another is not proof of j
a state of war, although it may be just ground for
apprehension that war may grow out of such acts.
We did not consider ourselves at war with Eng-
land because she authorized her vessels to capture
American fishing vessels for alleged infraction ot
our treaty with that Government. And it looks
much less like studied and warlike aggression for
a Government to whom we aie bound by honor-
able ties to capture our property, particularly if, >
under all circumstanccs, a claim for indemnity, j
uponafairand equitable basis, is freely admitted.
Certainly the French Government never refused j
to pay our claims, nor repudiated them in any j
manner whatsoever. Abundant evidence in sup- ,
port of this assertion can be found in the dis-
patches from our envoys. We insisted that the
seizure of our vessels was unlawful and violent;
and so was our interpretation of the old treaties
unjust and ungenerous, and so claimed to be by
France. And, besides, Fiance was doing no more
in the line of illegal seizures than England was
doing at the very time of which we complain.
Should we have made war with France, to whom
we wore hound by treaties, when all was wrong
on our side, and, at the same moment, conclude a
treaty with an aggressor on the other hand, giving
him all the license he desired ? It is not probable,
at all events.
But, sir, a state of actual war is not to be mis-
taken for something else. We did not deal with
the French Government as if war actually existed
in the judgment of the American authorities. We
find, in the instructions to our envoys to France,
of October 22, 1799, under which the convention
of 1800 was concluded, the following:
" This conduct of the French Republic would well have
in-nfied an immediate declaration of war on the partoi the
United States ; but devious ot maintaining peace. awl still
wiilm" to leave open the door ofieeoneihation with i' ranee,
the United States contented themselves with piep.uauons
for defense, and measures calculated to protect their com-
merce.''
It seems we " left open the door for reconcilia-
tion."' We were desirous of maintaining peace,
and contented ourselves with compliance with the
advice of our Chief Magistrate, who,- in his ffres^.
sage to Congress, 3d December, 1793,'said': :
" If we desire to avoid insult, we hiu=t be able fo re]fei
it; if we desire to secure peace, it must be known that
we are at ail times ready for war'.'3  
That is all. We acted upon these valuable sug-
gestions. We did not have occasion to do more.-
Not even in our negotiations at Paris did tve pro<-
ceed as if we had recognized a state of war.
Our envoys were only authorized to settle difli-
cultiesgrowingoutofamisunderstandingbetwee/i
the two Governments. The convention provided
for their final adjustment, at a future time, which
was limited to eight years. Was the interval to
be regarded as a truce ? and when and how did
the truce end ? According to my understanding,
a truce must result in one of two things—either
a treaty of peace or a .resumption of open hos-
tilities, which had been temporarily suspended
by it; and it would have been a departure from
every principle of diplomacy to end a war inany
such manner as that which characterized the
action of the envoys on the occasion to which I
! refer. But I find no record of a treaty of peace,
i and we know that there was 110 provision made
I for resuming the war in the event of the failure of
negotiations. The next business which received
' the attention of the parties was to ratify the con-
| vention; and this was done immediately after its
I adoption. And the next after that came the con-
j vention of 1803, which provided for the Louisi-
i ana purchase, for which we paid eighty million
; francs, twenty millions being, by mutual agree-
1 ment, reserved for payment to American citizens
i for debts sot apart and allowed by the conven-
tion of 1800. Not for spoliations, remember; but
for debts, for contracts, and supplies; and this is
the point of distinction which has troubled many
i men. But, sir, if war existed, Prance, of neces-
sity, must have been fi party to it; and yet Talley-
rand, in a letter dated Paris, August 28, 1798, to
the French Minister at the Hague, says:
" France, m fine, lias a double motive, as a nation and
as a Republic, not to evpose to any hazaid the present ex-
l-lence of the United States. Therefore, it never thought
oi'niiikiri" war agam t them, and eveiy contrary supposi-
tion is an msultto common sense."
Airuin: The report made to the French Tribu-
nal,"on the ratification of the convention of Sep-
tember 30, 1800:
" In consequence of this bill, [nnnulhng act of Congress
of July 7. 1798.J the American Government suspended the
commoiciat leldtioiis of the fluted Slates with France,and
gave lo pnvateers peimission to attack the armed vessels
of the Republic. The national irigates were ordered to seek
them, and to fight them. A French fngate and sloop of-
war, successively and unexpectedly attacked by the Amer-
icans, wese obliged to yield to foiee, and the French nag
(-tiautre versatility of human affurs) was dragged, huimi-
l.itcd, bclorc the &mne people who, a Jittle while ago, with
eagei shouts, had applauded it,, luumpli.
•' It was getting past rccovoiy , wat would have broken
! out between Ameiica and Franc e, if the Directory, chang-
ing us sy&tem, and f dlovvmg the counsels of prudence, had
not opposed moderation to the unmeasuied conduct of the
President of the United States. In this way it rendeied
I null the projects of the American ministry, winch would
! have declared war against us, if it had only us wishes to con -
■ su|t.'> *,• «■« Commissions granted by
' the Pi esident to attack the anned vessels of France do not
mi dice to put America in a state of war; it requires a posi- i
tive declination of Congress to that otrect. None has ever
ousted. The Republic was therefore justified ill claiming
the enjoi merit of the stipulation- compiolicnded in the out
. treaties, and indemnity tortile non-oxecuuonot these stip-
ulations."—Code Diplomatique, pages 6, 7.
France did not recognize war, it appears, nor
' did the United States really conduct affairs as if
open war was even threatening. Congress ha<l
authorized the President of the United States to
raise an army, in case of need; but no army was
raised, because no need of troops appeared. Even
the ships built to meet certain contingencies were
i sold at auction, by authority of Congress, given
ii March 3, 1801; and this, it will be seen, was
j! many months before the convention of IbOI was
t ratified bv the parties to it. This would, indeed,
l| be a strange proceeding for us to engage mat the
!' same moment that our envoys were employed in
h negotiating a treaty of peace. There was no war,
actual ?avl bom fide, and none could have existed
j' between the two Governments at the time of which
| 1 There was a public sentiment m favor of war at
!' the time Cut it was not against France; it was
! against England. The Americans were kindly dis-
j nosed towards the French people. Tneirswasa
< Stru«- le for popular liberty—blind and impotent,
!' perhaps, but well calculated to arouse the enthu-
