1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
The Legislature of the State of Maine has done
no more than that, and the Senator from Virginia
may make such motion as he chooses. I have
presented the resolutions on my own responsi-
bility as a Senator. I do not desire to shield my-
self behind the fact that I am a Senator of the
State, and bound to present them. I present them
willingly, cheerfully, because they tell the truth,
in my judgment; and whether they are printed or
riot, according to the common mode of proceed-
ing of the Senate, is a matter of great indifference
to me. I have presented them, respectfully, to the
Senate. I leave them at the disposition of the
Senate, with the ordinary motion that they be
laid upon the table, and printed.
Mr. MASON. I did not mean at all to chal-
lenge or to invite any expression of opinion on
the part of the honorable Senator from Maine
upon the resolutions of his State. I have too high
an estimate of the relation that subsists between
a Senator and his State, officially and personally,
to have asked or desired any opinion of the hon-
orable Senator as to the act of his State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I took the opportunity of
expressing it.
Mr. MASON. The Senator had a perfect right
t.o do so. I only mean to say that I did not ask
it or desire it. But, sir, I would say to that hon-
orable Senator, that however he or any other Sen-
ator, under the responsibility of his position here
as a Senator, may, and may properly, attack any
department of this Government, and is bound to
do so when, in his judgment, the occasion for it
has arisen, the question is a very different one
when one of the States of this Union, in no man-
ner responsible to the Senate, makes the Senate
the medium of communicating its opinions of the
correlative branches of the Government. Sir, if
the State of Maine entertains the opinions, the
extraordinary opinions, expressed in these res-
olutions of the conduct of the President of the
United States, I should have thought the State of
Maine—as any honorable person in society—
would have addressed their opinion directly to
the party himself; and what I mean to protest
against is only that the Senate, a branch of the
Government, should be made the medium of a
communication of opinions of that kind in regard
to a coordinate branch of the Government, disre-
spectful to the Senate, disrespectful to the coun-
try, whose organ, to some extent, the Senate is.
There is a vast difference between a communica-
tion of this sort coming from one outside of the
Senate, whether a State or an individual, and the
expression of like opinions by a. Senator on this
floor, who not only has the right to do it, but is
bound to do it; but does it under his responsibil-
ities to the body of which he is a constituent
member.
On looking at the resolutions since they were
read at the table, I find that I was in error in the
opinions ascribed to the judiciary of the United
States. The Senator is right; the language leveled
at the judiciary there is leveled at the judiciary
of Kansas. 1 had thought, as the State felt itself
at liberty to speak in the terms it did speak, not
of the present Congress certainly, but of the Con-
gress of the United States, and felt itself at liberty
to speak as it has spoken of the present President
of the United States, that it would only have made
the circle complete to include the judiciary of the
United States; but I find, on looking at it closely,
that the judiciary there spoken of is the judiciary
of Kansas. The language used by the State of
Maine towards the Government, of which it is
only a constituent, is this:
" That the Missouri compromise was a solemn compact
between the free and slave States ; that it- perfidious breach
in 1854 deserved, as it received, the universal condemna-
tion of our Legislature and people, without regard to party,
and such remains the unalterable conviction of the State."
Then, as to the President:
" That the recent message of the President of the United
States is a falsification ol the histoiyof Kansas, a libel upon
the ftee people of that Territory, and a deep disgrace to the
American name and to the oliice oncc filled by'Waslnng-
ton."
Now, what I mean to say is this: that if there
be a State in the Union that considers itself at
liberty to make the Senate of the United States
thu medium of conveying such opinions of the
Congress or of the President to those organs of
the Government, or to the people of the United
States, 1 trust that the example set by the State
of Maine will remain forever a solitary, as it will
be a memorable, example. I shall make no mo-
tion in relation to the resolutions, coming from a
State.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
EXTENSION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. SEWARD. With the leave of the Senate,
I will present a communication on the same or a
kindred subject, which is expressed in temperate
language, and in a benevolent spirit. I perform
a duty which I owe to the Society of Friends,
recently assembled in the city of New York, by
whose instructions I present this remonstrance to
the Senate:
The memorial of the representatives of the religious So-
ciety of Friends in the State of New York, and parts adja-
cent, respectfully shows:
That, as the object of religious association is not only to
promote the spiritual and eternal interests of the children
of men, but to ameliorate, as far as may be, their moral and
physical condition, we feel ourselves under obligations to
endeavor practically to carry out the benign precepts of our
holy religion, which, in a social point of view, are concisely
summed up in the injunction—" Whatsoever ye would that
men should do to you, do ye even so to themand which
perfectly accords with the anthem which ushered in the
Gospel dispensation, namely : " On earth peace, good will
toward men."
Feeling our hearts influenced, we trust, by that spirit of
good will which prompts us to greet eveiy man as a brother,
irrespective of nationality or color, and knowing that even
millions of our fellow-creatures are now held in a state of
servitude subversive of their natural rights, and deroga-
tory to all the intellectual and physical blessings which the
light of the age and the otherwise liberal institutions of our
country are so well calculated to confer; and seeing, too,
that a disposition is manifested to extend the institution of
African slavery over territory still unblighted by its perni-
cious influence, we hereby remonstrate against any action
whereby the evils of slavery may be in any wise extended.
Signed on behalf of the meeting of representatives afore-
said, held m New York, the fourth day of third month, 1858.
WILLIAM WOOD, Clerk.
William F. Mott, James Brown, William Cromwell, David
Bands, William Titus, Committee on Presentation.
I will state that I have been on the performance
of a similar duty in presenting their memorial di-
rectly to the President of the United States; and
I express the public wish that, if all other agen-
cies fail to arrest this great evil, I hope a blessing
may attend this mode, which is the last that is
probably open.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CAMERON submitted, informally, a sub-
stitute which he intends to offer for the Pacific
railroad bill; which was ordered to be printed.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Army bill, (H. R.
No. 313.)
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The unfinished business
of yesterday is the bill admitting Minnesota.
Mr. IYERSON. The hour for the consider-
ation of that bill has not arrived.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia that it is within four
minutes of one o'clock, when the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday will come up. Certainly within
that time we cannot dispose of the Army bill. I
am anxious to dispose of the Minnesota ques-
tion, inasmuch as it is before the Senate, and I
know of no reason why we may not dispose of it
to-da}'; but I hope the Senator will not press his
motion at this time.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not consider that the Min-
nesota bill is to be disposed of in this body so soon
as the Senator expects. There were amendments
offered yesterday, and I doubt very much whether
it can be passed through the Senate to-day; and,
as we are to adjourn over until Monday, X consider
it important that the Army bill should be disposed
of now. As I said yesterday, a single day is of
great importance to the Administration in this
matter. If we are to give the Government any
additional force, we ought to do it promptly; but
if we are not to do it, we ought to reject the bill
promptly, and let them understand what they are
to rely upon. I think we had better take up the
Army bill and go through that: it will not prob-
ably take long; and then the Minnesota bill can
be taken up, but I doubt whether that can be
passed to-day. I must insist on my motion to
take up the Army bill, and when one o'clock
arrives, I shall insist on the Minnesota bill being
laid aside.
Mr. HALE. How long will it be before the
hour will arrive for the consideration of the Min-
nesota bill ?
The YICE PRESIDENT. Two minutes and
a half.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me hardly worth
while to take up the Army bill in that time. It
will hardly pass in that time. I think there is
nothing about which gentlemen make greater
mistakes than they do as to the time necessary
to pass the Army bill. I recollect that when it
was first taken up the chairman, not now in hia
seat, intimated that he thought about ten minutes
would be enough to pass it. He was rather earn-
est that it should be taken up at that time. It was
taken up. I think thatwas at least ten weeks ago,
and it was nearly seven weeks before the bill came
to a vote in the Senate, and I am certain it will
take more than ten minutes to pass or to defeat
this bill. I hope, then, as the time is so near at
hand, only one minute, when the Minnesota bill
will come up, that we shall take up the Minne-
sota bill instead of the Army bill.
Mr. IVERSON. I shall move to take up the
Army bill, and if that fails, I shall move when
the hour comes on, to postpone the Minnesota
bill. On that question I shall call for the yeas and
nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
the attention of the Senate to the special order,
which comes up at this hour. It is the bill for the
admission of Minnesota. N
Mr. IVERSON. I move to postpone that bill,
with a view to take up the Army bill.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 10, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biggs, Clay, Fitzpatrick, Iverson, John-
son of Arkansas, Kennedy, Mason, Sebastian, Slidell, and
Yulee—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Bioderick, Cameron, Chandler, Clark, CoIIamer, Dixon,
Doolittle, Douglas, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green,
Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones, King, Pearce, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Toombs,
Trumbull, and Wade—32.
So the motion was not agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 86) to admit the
State of Minnesota into the Union. Yesterday
Mr. Douglas moved to strike out the second sec-
tion of the bill, whieh is in the following words:
" Sec. 9. JinA be it fwthcr enacted, That said State shall
be entitled to one Representative, and such additional Rep-
resentatives, in Congress, as the population of said State,
according to the census authorized by the act approved Feb-
ruary 96, 1856, shall show it to be entitled to according to
the present ratio of representation, and no more."
Mr. Mason moved to amend the section by
striking out all after the word " Representative,
and inserting "in the Congress of the United
States," so as to make the section read: "That
said State shall be entitled to one Representative
in the Congress of the United States." The first
question is on Mr. Mason's amendment.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to detain
the Senate by speaking at all at length, but 1 have
a word to say on this question. The Minnesota
enabling act contains the very language which is
contained in the second section of this bill:
" And the said State shall be entitled to one Represents-
tive, and such additional Representatives as the population
of the State, shall, according to the census, show it would
be entitled to according to the present ratio of representa-
tion."
That is the precise language contained in the
present bill for the admission of Minnesota into
the Union. They have complied with the pro-
visions of the enabling act in this respect, r.nd
the bill now follows the language of the enabling
act; and it seems to me but just to the State of
Minnesota that she should have her Representa-
tives according to her population. It would not
be just to allow her but one Representative, if
she has, in fact, a population of two hundred and
forty thousand, as is contended by the honorable
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Green.]
I beg leave to state that there was other evi-
dence, as I understand, before the ccftivention in
Minnesota, at the time the number of Represent-
atives was fixed—proofs of the amount of popu-
lation derived from the kind of census taken by
the assessors of Minnesota—showing that she had
sufficient population for three members. At all
events, this section leaves the question to the
House of Representatives, where it properly be-
