284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 33,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gilmer.
Ho. of Reps.
1850. The people rallied to that standard. The
Democratic convention met in Baltimore m 1852;
the Whig convention met at the same place, and
they both bowed down at the same altar of peace
upon this agitating question. They reaffirmed in
substance what Mr. Fillmore said in December,
1851—that this compromise of 1850 should be a
finality, and there should be no more agitation of
the slavery question in or out of Congress. To
that both of the leading parties were pledged to
the country. They put their candidates upon that
platform. General Pierce was elected. He was
installed. Unfortunately, however, he, in a short
time, made some injudicious appointments—he
turned out the true Democrats of the North, men
who I am proud to find standing in the same ranks
they did then. Van Buren, Dix, Cochrane & Co.,
the Buffalo platform men, were then coming in,
and the party was about to break up. Something
had to be done. The Administration was going
down. A prescription had to be made. It was
given: and on the principle that you prescribe to
one choked with a turnip—get him to swallow a
pumpkin, and it would relieve him. [Laughter.]
They went upon this Cincinnati platfoim. 1 ain
not going to detain the committee to show how
our friends viewed it in the .South. That is well
known. I desire to show how the matter stands
with the Administration, to show what the Dem-
ocratic Free-Soilers said before, afterwards, and
all tho time. A few months before the Cincin-
nati convention met, a distinguished Free-Soilcr
wrote to the North. Mr. Hubbard,Mr. Wood-
bury, and all these noisy men of the Buffalo con-
vention, began to give evidence that they wanted
to return to their friends. Here is one. I give it
as a fair specimen of their letters and speeches.
It is the letter of Hun. C. C. Cambreling to Wil-
liam II. Ludlow, Esq., dated Huntington, De-
cember 8, 1855:
'■ My di'AR Sir : Kren <outhmi im'n in Kansas acknowi-
that it will inevitably In- a lice rttate. This is thr
last f-ninoor.K for si,\vnry ; for tho luilf dozen Terri-
tories leimnnmi; are already free, and will icniain so.
" Theie would not have been half the ti on bio about Kan-
sas, but for Atchison's stru^'le to got hack into the Senate.
As the question now stand", there onijhr to In: no difficulty
whntovci in uniting the Democratic party; for the pnnciple
of the Nebraska and Kansas bill— mfiiattcr sovereignty—
whatcvei its origin, gives us every Terntory belonging to
the United States ; and all we have now to insij-t upon is,
Hint it shall be horiestlv enforced ; tli.it Kansas hhaH have
f.urplay. Piaetically, there h no difference worth quanel-
inj: about.
k* lr appears to mo to be pei feotly absurd for us to bo grum-
bling about * sq natter Mivoieiirntv'' at tin: piesent time, when
squatter soveieignty will make fiee evety inch of terntory
now belonging to tin' United Slates.
'• Alter the acquisition ol Cahlorma, with the prospect of
th< addition ot moie Mexican teiritoi v, wiien General Cats
p.opoM'd lh'' dofiuno. of uon inteivention, it was an nn-
poi taut question, as it might have led to the introduction of
many :dave Mate-!; but after the South had heen completely
< hvi I,mated by California\decimation in favor of freedom,
'<• < had wo rea-ion lo olijct to the d'x ft tne of nan-inta ven-
fi >iu or squatter ween-i^nlti. Wo have now, bo-ides Kan-
and Nebtaska. New Mevieo. Hah, Minnesota,Oiegon,
and Washington, making ^ovou Tenitorte*. which will give
u> -seven hee Staler. Some think the fat.e of Kansas doubt-
lul; but the invasion of the Hhssota i romltes, independent
oi natuial c.tu-vs, will nvake it a free State. The^o hor-
dorers came ovrr lit to vole for pio-^iavery men ; the sec-
ond time to vote against them in the location of the capital 5
and (he third time to make a b!iM«r under Shannon, plan-
dcr the people, and dunk wht-ky.
'• Under such cheum-tanees T cannot conceive what we
can possibly gain by resisting a p: mciple which has hitherto
r • eluded slavery from our Ten U01 ies.
'• The slaveholder^ will not yet ICansay, and they arc now
deprived of the prelexl of going mthe Territories 5outh
of ;;G" 3D', under that compi online. Thev generally opposed
non intervention on that ground, and contended tor carry-
ing thecompioon-o hno to the Pacific ocean. It is certaiah/
not for ovr interest now to have that compromise Una re-
stored, Why the r^outh ,-hould have voted for its repeal is
a question foi them-elvo to settle. They all, at the tune,
admitted that Kan-as wo'dd nevei be a slave State, f iiope
our fiiemU will moot tl e i-^ue boldly, and leave the ques-
tion of State organizai ion to the people of the T.'intory,
who have the natuial and be-st ught to decide foi theni-
Bt'lVt"'.
"Let the cqiuiiters settle—but m«ist that that pi mciple
of the Nebraska act shall be honestly earned out; that the
squatter shall have fair play, and shall not bo contiolled
by invaders from Missouri, or any mihtarv powci whatevei.
As to * mole slave States,' tnere are none in pro3pcct; arid
jr is melons to onibariass ourselves by anticipating questions
v. inch may or may not arise.*'
Now, sir, these two wing's are standing to-day
rxdetly where they stood before. Tell me, if you
!vm>t, why these men you are bulging to your
bosom on the other side, stand with you? these
men who were, and now are, rank Frec-Soilms?
Tell us why the Green amendment is admitted ?
Which would you rather have for youi'bed-fel-
lows ? I tell you the difference is very much like
the slave's reply when asked whether Jim and
Mose were not very much alike. He said, " Yes,
very much alike,indeed; and particularly Mose."
[Laughter.] It is not so much, I fear, that they
care about getting negroes into Kansas, or getting
them out. It is not any principle of this kind. It
is, I apprehend, a mere contrivance by which job-
bing has been carried on in this country to keep
certain men in power. In fact this whole man-
agement and shuffling reminds me of what oc-
curred in one of our North Carolina towns some
years ago. A silly fellow declared himself a can-
didate for town constable. The boys had a cir-
cular printed for him. It was printed on both
sides like this—with Lecompton on one side, and
Green upon the other. On one side he addressed
himself to the debtors: " Fellow-citizens, vote for
me, and if I am elected constable, I will never
force you to payment, even at any extremity."
On the other side was an address to the creditors:
" If you will come up and vote for me, and I shall
be elected, I promise, upon my honor, I will have
your money paid, in every instance, at the drop
of a hat."
Mr. Chairman, I am not disposed to detain this
committee with a review of the decision of the
Supreme Court m the Dred Scott, ease. All I
have to say is this: that my views upon the con-
stitutionality of the Missouri compromise were
known long before that decision was made; and
1 thought that the compromise was not in accord-
ance with the spirit of the Constitution. Although
my opinion inclines to that of the Supreme Court,
and did before the decision was made, yet, fiom
the length of time it had been a compromise, I
was disposed to look upon it.as a compromise
which had better be abided by. As in the case
of two neighbors whose boundary line is in dis-
pute—-a boundary which can only be settled by
the provisions of a deed; and no agreement they
might make by parol would change the line fixed
by the deed, any more than any agreement be-
tween two sections of the country by Congress
could be changed. But when the neighbors have
established ft line by parol agreement, sralced and
chopped it off, and have lived m peace, harmony,
and prosperity under it for more than thirty years,
if they should come to me and ask my advice
whether they should break up this old landmark
—now the true line being ascertained by the deed
—and go buck to their rights according to law,
I should say, as a man, a neighbor, and as a
Christian, also, that they had better let the old
landmarks stand, and abide by them, and by no
means revive old disputes and quartels. So with
the case of this Missouri compromise. I do not
believe tho South is going to gain anything by its
repeal, and I firmly believe that the only reward
the South will ever get from its repeal will be to
her injury, and anything but an advantage to her
true interests.
But it is said that the only way to pacify the
country is to admit no amendments to this bill;
that it cannot be bettered; that in no way can it
be improved; that it has got to be passed in the
shape in which it is presented, even though a
proposition should be presented, which, if carried
out, would more effectually pacify and quiet the
country, and settle the whole question. Why,
say they, it would be intervention. Now, let me
detain the committee a moment, to show how ri-
diculous that idea is. What is this thing of non-
intervention? Why, is it intervention to leave
the people of a Territory perfectly free and un-
tiammeled to settle this, with all other questions,
in their own way, fairly and properly, subject
only to the Constitution of the United Stales?
Now, sir, do we consider it any intervention, in
the case of a trial by jury, after the verdict is an-
nounced, to set the same aside, and grant a new
trial upon affidavits which clearly prove and satis-
fy the judge that the verdict was obtained by
fraud, by perjury, by deception, or by any mal-
practices? Is it any intervention for an honest
and conscientious judge, after being satisfied of
the facts by 1 citable alii davits, to say that he doubt-
ed whether the verdict had been fairly obtained,
and in the exercise of the discretion which is vest-
ed 111 him, decided to grant a new trial, in order
that justice might be done? Is that an interfer-
ence with the right of trial by jury? And sup-
pose a jury is empanneled to settle the question,
and they como back to the judge, and one of the
jury gets up and says the verdict is so and so,
and another says it is not so, and the judge tells
them, " gentlemen, you had better retire, get to-
gether again and consult, and agree upon your
verdict, and, when you come in, it will be record-
ed:" is that any interference? I wanted to show
how ridiculous this idea is. Is that intervention?
What are Green's and Pugh's amendments?
Let our northern anti-slavery men, of all parties,
understand that the President of the United States
has given a true construction to the Dred Scott
decision, and you will never have any more fuss
about this matter from them. The President says
it means that when the people of any State see
proper to get together in a legal way, to get up a
convention sanctioned by law, a mere majority
vote of their assembly Free-Soil, they may form
a constitution and the negroes will all slope. That
is giving the Abolitionists a new cue, and one
which will run out the institution of my beloved
section from all the Territories, certainly, and
endanger it in many of the States.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to look upon this ques-
tion without reference to any section, or how it
will affect any body other than the general good
and peace of the whole country. If no other plan
can be devised and agreed on, I may feel myself
constrained to vote for the measure, being urged
by southern friends and scctiona! pressure. And
if I do, the Green amendment stricken out, it will
not be (and I say it here) a measure which my
sound judgment can approve as the better plan.
If I could, I would put the whole responsibility
upon the Democracy, where it belongs; for I do
believe if they would relax a little, and honestly
set their heads to work with our southern friends
and other conservative men in this House, this
whole matter might be put upon a footing entirely
satisfactory to the South, to the East, to the
West, to the North; satisfactory to the people of
Kansas, and without any compromise of any
principle, substantially in the manner indicated
by me heretofore.
I must say that when I hear it asserted here
and everywhere, and the proofs strongly tending
to show, that the government of Kansas was, in
the first instance, ruthlessly snatched from tho
people, unconstitutional test oaths applied, by
which the minority, who by fraud obtained the
control of the government, and by which tho ma-
jority were kept from participating in the govern-
ment; when I am told, and the proof tends that
way, that not more than one half of the counties
of the Territory were permitted to be represented
in the convention, I doubt the propriety of sup-
porting the constitution framed thus. I dissent
from the idea that a majority of the counties of
any State can make a constitution that is binding
on the minority of counties who did not have a
chance to be represented m the convention. Why
have you more judges than one? It is not simply
for the sake of numbers, but that there may be
conference, argument, interchange of views. We
may be to-day all inclined one way, and to-mor-
row a greater and better mind than any of us, rep-
resenting but one district, may make a suggestion
sufficient to change the opinion of the whole Con-
gress. We know that the election of the 4th of
January was recognized by the Secretary of State,
who gave instructions that that very election
should be fairly held,and the votes fairly and im-
partially taken; that vote turns out to be over ten
thousand against the constitution. We are told,
too, and assured, that the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory, representing the will of the people, are
unanimously protesting against this thing; and we
are also told that the whole constitution rests on
fraud, deception, and violence. And permit me to
say further, as a southern man, that, when I see my
southern friends on tho special committee in this
matter declining to obey the instructions of the
House, and shrinking from inquiry, it leaves the
suspicion stronger on my mmd that these reports
are true. I hope that they are not. I hope that tho
deeds perpetrated there have not been so horrible
as they have been represented; but when I see
chivalrous gentlemen, from my own section oftlie
Union, turning their baok upon an investigation,
