1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Miles.
Ho. of Rips.
and saying that we had better not look into these
things, I take it for granted there is more in these
assertions than I before supposed. But, sir, this
special committee was directed to do another thing.
That was, to tell us whether this Territory had
within its confines ninety-three thousand inhab-
itants. Now, I ask every man here, on what fig-
ures, and on what evidence, he can satisfy his
mind that there are ninety-three thousand in Kan-
sas? What was the last census'?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Twenty-three
thousand.
Mr. GILMER. How long ago was that?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Last June.
Mr. GILMER. Then where, I appeal to south-
ern men, do you get the requisite ninety-three
thousand population? But they come forward and
say that the Republicans wanted to have Kan-
sas admitted under the Topeka constitution, and
therefore they are estopped. And they also say
that at the last Congress our Democratic friends
undertook to pass an enabling act, and therefore
they are estopped. Well, that may apply to the
Republicans, and may get them out of court. It
may very well apply to our Democratic southern
friends, and turn them out.of court. But what
are they going to do with the poor Americans?
We say that the Republicans were mistaken, and
that that was only a movement of intemperate zeal.
We want to know what the facts are. I venture
to say that there are not four individuals thereto
every single voter. The experience of this coun-
try shows that in a Territory where there are but
few females, and few old or very young persons,
the voters are in the ratio of not moie than one to
every three or four. Well, now, take the ten thou-
sand voters, and multiply that figure by three, and
you have but thirty thousand of population there.
Multiply it by four, and you have but forty thou-
sand. Multiply it by five, and you have but fifty
thousand. Multiply it by six—what we all know
is far beyond the ratio—and you have only got
sixty thousand. And yet here are southern gen-
tlemen—men who want to protect the equality of
southern representation in Congress—coming fur-
waid here in hot haste, and denouncing as an
Abolitionist every man who will not consent to
allow the thirty or forty thousand quarreling peo-
ple of Kansas to come in as a State, and to send
here two Jim Lanes and somebody else like them
to vote in the Congress of the United States; and
that all for southern interest!
That, mark you, is advancing the groat inter-
ests of the South! I know«there is not a man
here who can say that he has evidence that there
is a population of ninety-three thousand people in
the Tenitory of Kansas. The fact is not so; and
the fact that our southern friends, having the con-
trol of the special committee, declined to inquire
into that important point, proves that it is not so.
But, Mr. Chairman, permit me to say, in con-
clusion, that we are not left in the dark and with-
out precedents as to the proper course to be pur-
sued in a difficulty of this kind. Kentucky, after
several attempts, was admitted into the Union, and
allowed to frame her constitution subsequently,
in her own way. So, I believe now that Kansas
should be allowed to come into the Union, and
that she should be allowed to settle this question
and frame a constitution for herself. Do this,
and Kansas will be satisfied, the House will be
satisfied, and the whole Union will be satisfied.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. W. P. MILES,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 31, 1853.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. MILES obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask my friend from South
Carolina to suspend until the Black Republicans
have finished congratulating the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.]
Mr. MILES. Mr. Chairman, in rising to speak
on the subject of Kansas, I feel embarrassed by
two difficulties, either of which might well be suf-
ficient to deter me from addressing a legislative as-
I sembly. The first is, that the subject has been so
| long and thoroughly discussed in all its aspects
: and bearings—every fact, argument, and illustra-
' tion pertaining to it has been so completely ex-
i hausted—that it seems next to impossible to say
j anything which has not already been said, ana
j better said than I can hope to do it. The second
j is, that I feel—as every honorable member upon
j this floor must feel—that nothing which may be
\ now adduced in debate can possibly change a sin-
: gle vote. The issue has been made up. The po-
i siuon of every one of us is fixed and determined.
It merely remains to put the decision of this
House formally upon record. But though-this
be so, still, on a great and important public ques-
tion, involving momentous issues to the country
at large, and grave as well as nice constitutional
points, it is natural, as well as proper, that the
Representatives of every constituency should de-
sire to express their views, and record their con-
; victions.
| The question of the admission of Kansas into
| this Confederacy of States is a mixed question
| of expediency and of principle. Were we gov-
| erned simply by considerations of expediency, it
j might well be doubted whether the condition of
; things m that unhappy Territory—the sparsity
j and character of her population, the general m-
j stability and uncertainty of her internal affairs,
i the violence, recklessness, and lawlessness which
have long prevailed in her borders, to so great
a degree as to tempt the most casual looker-on
to exclaim, *' Here discord reigns supreme!"—
ought not to induce us, as the Representatives of
' civilized and dignified States, to turn from her ap-
j plication with disgust, and decline, at least for a
| season, to receive her into the bosom of the Fed-
| oral family as a sister and an equal. Sir, I do not
; hesitate to say that the history of Kansas, since
i its erection into a Territory, has been revolting
and humiliating—revolting, because exhibiting
! so many scenes of outrage against the civilization
j of the age m which we live; humiliating, because
I showing with how much difficq^y a people who
, boast of their aptitude for, and experience in, self-
! government, can plant a colony on their very
j borders inaugurated upon that great principle.
| We are prone to think that our race, and par-
1 ticularly our own people, have but to come to-
| getherintoacommunity,andstraightwaylaw and
i order and political system spring into existence
! from the masses who are supposed to be famil-
1 iarized, saturated with them, like perfect crystals
1 from the fluid which holds them in solution. The
expensifiit in Kansas might well inspire a doubt
of the truth of the belief which we have so fondly
cherished,and somewhat shake our faith in what 1
we have been wont to consider an irrefutable i
dogma. Greece spread hercivilization through her j
colonies as readily as the gardener multiplies some i
j cherished tree from twigs cut from the parent <
i stem. It was but to find some spot of soil where
I the off-shoot might be planted, and lo! it took root,
j gathered and compelled unto itself its fitting nutri-
■ merit, and budded and blossomed, and bore fruit,
! and in turn became the parent of like children. 1
; But in Kansas our cutting of popular government _
has not flourished—it is sickly and wilted. The ,
perfect and shining crystal of constitutional lib- ;
erty has not been formed. The waters have long j
seethed and bubbled. Various political alche- :
mists have stirred them with their potent rods in :
vain. The last that moved the pool and dived into 1
its depths, retired from it in disgust, covered with 1
slime, but holding in his triumphant hand a non-
desenpt sediment, which he has been protesting ,
ever since is the true salt of popular sovereignty! I |
propose, before I get through, to analyze this :
Walker residuum, and see whether it be indeed -
the true substance wherewith the great rites of j
popular self-government are celebrated on the high j
altar of popular liberty !
But though as a matter of expediency under •<
ordinary circumstances and in quiet times, it j
might well be questioned whether a Territory m !
the condition of Kansas was fit to come into our i
Confederacy as an equal and sovereign State, with j
aright to vote money from the common purse, and '
assist in the great council of senatorial embassa- I
dors in shaping and annulling treaties: still, on the
other consideration, namely, of principle, it docs
seem to me that there are cogent reasons for her
speedy admission. The real question involved in
the admission of Kansas is, " shall another slave
State, as such, be admitted into this Union ?"
That is the issue now before us. It is not a com-
plicated one. Slavery expansion and slavery eon-
traction—we of the South naturally, earnestly
desire the former; the Black Republicans, not so
naturally, but quite as eagerly, desire the latter.
Constitutional men of the North admit the right
of the South to expansion. The lines of bat-
tle must be joined on the great issue presented.
Neither special pleading nor microscopic political
morality, which would ignore the great issue
while it picks out flaws in a comparatively minor
one,can conceal thefact which stares us all, which
stares the whole country in the face, that the pres-
ent struggle is to determine the question whether
a State whose constitution recognizes slavery as
a part of its social organization can ever again be
allowed to enter the Confederacy. It is the oppo-
sition to slavery w.hich lies at the bottom of the
opposition to the admission of Kansas. My friend
from Indiana [Mr. English] shakes his head in
dissent. But he must allow me todifferfrom him.
I believe the anti-slavery sentiment athomeimcon-
sciously influences many members upon this floor,
who themselves are not opposed to the admission
of more slave States into the Confederacy. This,
sir, is my honest conviction.
Look at the history of the aamission of Cali-
fornia, which my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stevenson,] who preceded me on our side of the
House, has so clearly and thoroughly traced out.
Why was she so easily admitted, with a consti-
tution so irregularly formed, so little expressing
the will of the people of that Tcrri'ory as to bo a
fir greater Ulraud"and <k deception" than the
Opposition can possibly paint the Lecompton con-
stitution to be ? Simply and solely because her
constitution did not recognize slavery. I know
that there are northern Democrats, 1 know that
there are southern Americans, who vehemently
deny that that is the issue now before us. I be-
lieve that there are some of them who conscien-
tiously think that it is not. But with all due
deference, I must say that they are taking a very
narrow view when they make the question turn
on any smaller pivot. The mind of the whole
country has been long distracted by this slavery
agitation. It has entered into every political ques-
tion; and it is impossible to disguise the fact that
it constitutes the very pith and substance of the
contest in which we are engaged.
Sir, we have heard much about the " stupen-
dous frauds" in Kansas. It is the burden of the
song of the Opposition. From the holy horror
which has been evinced in speaking of them, we
might imagine that such things as frauds at the
poils were utterly unknown in the existing States
of the Confederacy; as if Kansas stood solitary
and alone in this particular in her bad eminence.
It would indeed be a matter of which, as a peo-
ple, we might be justly proud were this so. Bat
I ask any candid man on this floor if frauds quite
as gross as those alleged to have been commuted
in Kansas do not habitually take place at every
election in many parts of the country ? Have we
forgotten the recent election scenes m Baltimore,
where, according to the testimony of many of her
own most respectable citizens, hundreds of voters
were practically disfranchised by violence and
arms? Were there any scenes in Kansas com-
parable with them ? Yet here we sit quietly, day
by day, with honorable members who, in the
judgment of large numbers of their constituent?,
have been forced into this great council of the
States by frauds and outrages, compared with
which the famous matter of the 54 Delaware Cross-
ing" must hide its diminished head. How is it
in ail your large cities? Ai*e there not, at every
election, frauds glaring and innumerable ? How
many honorable gentlemen upon this floor are
there who can say that there never have been elec-
tion tricks, frauds, and false votes in their own
districts? I imagine, sir, very few. It may be hu-
milfating to confess it, but is not such the truth ?
The buying and selling of votes is, unfortunately,
too common wherever men are found able to buy
and willing to sell. However much we may de-
plore such a condition of things, however much
we may discountenance and denounce it, it would
seem to be an evil inseparable from universal suf-
