1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 m
P. Vollum, an assistant surgeon in the Army,
prayingforremuneration for losses in consequence
of shipwreck while traveling under orders; which
was referred to the Comiriittee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of the register
and receiver at the land office at Fort Des Moines,
Iowa, praying for an increase of compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Waterloo, fowa, praying for a grant of land for
the construction of a railroad from the Missouri
river to the western boundary of Nebraska, in
the direction of the South Pass, with a branch in
the direction of Oregon and Washington Terri-
tories; which was referred to the select commit-
tee on the Pacific railroad.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Bacchus
Webster, late a seaman on board of the United
States ship Germantown, praying to be allowed
additional pay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of the regis-
ter and receiver of the land office at Jackson, Mis-
sissippi, praying for increased compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to the memorial of Sallie EolaReneau; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of J.ibez B. Kookci,
on the flies of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered3 That the petition of Samuel V. Nile*, on the
files of the Senate, be inferred to the Committee on Claims*.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of FieJenck A. Beelcn,ou (he
files of the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Dick, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of*Jane Baker,
widow of Thomas Baker, on the files of the Seriate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate, re-
lating to the claim of Thomas J. Page, and the other offi-
cers of the United States steamer Water Witch, who were
engaged in the sui vey and exploration of the river La Plata,
to additional nay, bciefeued to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John P. Baldwin, on the
files of the Senate, be refeired to the Court of Claims.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Harriet Ward, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON it, was
Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of Alman-
zon Huston, on the fiiea of the Senate, be referied to the
Court of Claims.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of George Herron,
on the files of the Senate, be lefened to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
LAND OFFICES IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Ra-ohed, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
stiucted to inquire into the ptopriety of ebtablibhing two
additional land offices in the Territory of Nebraska; one in
the Platte valley, west of the guide meridian, and one at or
near the mouth of the 1 >Eau qui Court, or Neobrarah river.
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to report to the Senate the amount of levenue collected m
each collection distnct, for each of the years from 1852 to
3857 inclusive, the amount expended, and the number of
peisons employed in each district in the collection of the
revenue for eacJi of those years.
MAILS TO SOUTH AMERICA.
Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing mail lines between the United States, the Empire of
Brazil, and the Republics of South America; and also into
the best mode of establishing and maintaining such mail
facilities, if found necessary and expedient.
RED RIVER RAFT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation for completing the removal of the raftof Red river,
agreeably to the estimates furnished to the War Department
by the engineer in charge of the work; and that the com-
mittee he further instiuetedto report as early as practicable,
by bill or otherwise.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom wcie referred papers in relation
to the claim of William B. Trotter, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 52) for
the relief of William B. Trotter. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed by the
j Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom were
referred the petition and papers of Amos and
John E. Kendall, to ask to be discharged from
their further consideration, and that they be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims.
The papers have been withdrawn from the
Court of Chums and referred to the committee—
I think probably under some misapprehension of
the facts. I consider that the point involved is
one eminently proper for the consideration of the
Court of Claims, being simply a legal question as
to the liability of the United Slates on a state of
facts which is undisputed. I move that the papers
be referred to the Court of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
CAPITOL EXTENSION.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, who were instructed to report
a plan of assigning the rooms in the north wing
of the Capitol extension, appropriated to the use
of the Senate, have instructed me to make a re-
port that they have discharged the duties assigned
to them—appropriating the rooms to the commit-
tees, and for other public uses, according to the
plan annexed, which the committee present with
their report. I ask that the report be read.
The Secretary read the report.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose it is not proposed
to take any action on that report as yet. Let it
lie on the table for the present.
Mr. DAVIS. The committee felt, in discharg-
ing the duty, that it was one m which it would be
very difficult, if not impossible, to give entire sat-
isfaction; and therefore of course we do not press
it to an adoption now. If the Senate choose to
lay it on the table in order that it maybe ex-
amined, of course we have no objection.
The report was laid on the table.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 53) for the relief of John MeVey;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 54) to revive an actentitled "An act for
the reliefof the legal representatives of John Don-
nelson, Stephen Heard, and others," approved
May 24, 1824; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 6) to extend to the naval retiring
board an opportunity of enjoying the same ad-
vantages as were enjoyed by officers who have
been dropped, furloughed, and retired by said
board; which was read, and passed to a second
reading, and ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. HUNTER was, on his motion, excused
from service on the Committee on the Library.
Mr. EVANS. I ask to be excused from service
upon the Committee on Naval Affairs. I am al-
ready on three committees, and I believe I was
only put on the Naval Committee as a sort of
locum tenens until my colleague's arrival.
The request was granted; and on motion of Mr.
HUNTER, and by unanimous consent, the Vice
President was authorized to fill the vacancies. The
vacancy on the Naval Committee was filled by the
appointment of Mr. Hammond.
KANSAS AFFAIRS'.
The VICE PRESIDENT, at one o'clock, an-
nounced that the hour had arrived for the consid-
eration of the special order, being the motion of
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] to refer
so much of the President's annual message as
relates to the affairs of Kansas, to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. BROWN. I believe I was entitled to the
floor on the special order, but I have no disposi-
tion to pursue the debate now. It has manifestly
lost a great part of its vitality. The question it-
self is undergoing important changes, presenting
new phases every day; and in view of the prob-
ability, the almost absolute certainty, that it is
to be presented to us in a new, more active, and
more vital form in the course of a few days, I shall
prefer withholding what I have to say until the
question shall be before us in some practical form.
Mr. DAVIS. Let the message be referred, and
let remarks be made afterwards, when the Senate
has before it some practical issue.
Mr. BROWN". So far as I am concerned, un-
less some other Senator is desirous of pursuing
the debate, I propose to let the matter go off for
the present.
Mr. CLAY and others. Let it be referred.
Mr. HALE. 1 desire to address the Senate on
the subject, but I am not prepared to do so at this
moment.
Several Senators. Postpone it.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone it until Thurs-
day.
Mr. GW1N. Say Monday.
'j Mr. HALE. I have no particular objection. I
move to postpone the further consideration of the
subject until Monday, at one o'clock, and make
it the special order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL COURTS OF INQUIRY".
Mr. MALLORY, from the Commit tee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a joint lesolution
(S. No. 3) to extend and define the authority of
the President under the act approved January 16,
1857, entitled " An act to amend an act entitled
' an act to promote the efficiency of the Navy' "
in respect to dropped and retired naval officers, re-
ported it with an amendment.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It provides that in any case
where the records of the courts of inquiry ap-
pointed under the act of January 1G, 1857, may
render it advisable, m the opinion of the President
of the United States, to restore to the active or
reserved list of the Navy, or to transfer from fur-
lough to leave of absence on the latter list, any
officer who may have been dropped or retired by
the operation of the act of Fcbiuaiy 2$, 1855, en-
; titled "An act to promote the efficiency of the
| Navy," he shall have authority, notwithstanding
j any existinglawto the contrai y, to nominate* and
i by and with theadvice and consentof the Senate,
i to appoint such officer to the active or reserved
[ list; and officert*,so nominated and confirmed, are
to occupy positions on the active and reserved
; lists, respectively, according to rank and seniority
I when dropped or retired, and be entitled to all the
] benefits conferred by the act of January 16,1857,
i on officers restored or ttansferied to the active or
reserved list under that act.
| The amendment of the committee fa to insert at
! the end of the joint resolution—
i Provided, That the Pi evident of the United States may,
j whenever the public interests inay,m his judgment, require
' it. tian.^fcr any officer from the leave list to the furJongh list
j of the Navy.
! Mr. DAVIS. I hope that some action will be
: taken by the Senate on this subject at an early
^ day. The whole scope of the resolution is^ to
give the President power, when in his discretion
; the records of the courts of inquiry justify a
I nomination to the Senate, to make it. As the law
i now stands, if an officer has been retired on leave
! or on furlough, or if he has been dropped, and the
I President, on reviewing the record of the court
1 of inquiry, should disapprove the; finding of the
: court, the officer is left m the condition in which
| the board placed him. In other words, it deprives
! the President of any power to remedy any injus-
