1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1823
longs. They are entitled to one Representative,
at all events; and when the question of admission
comes up in the House of Representatives, that
House will determine whether there is more than
one Representativeentitled to admission;and they
will pass on the fact. On the section as it stands,
they are entitled to one Representative, at all
events; and then if the House of Representatives
shall be satisfied that their population entitles
them to more, they will admit more to their seats;
otherwise, they will not. Now, it is unjust that
they should be restricted to one member at the
present time. It is known that the State of Min-
nesota is becomingpopulous very fast. The State
of Wisconsin to-day has a population of seven
hundred thousand, and we have but three Repre-
sentatives in the other branch. Minnesota has a
population, undoubtedly, of two hundred thou-
sand, according to the best evidence; and by many
it is believed to reach two hundred and fifty thou-
sand. It would be unjust to confine them to one
Representative; bat this section, as it is, leaves
the matter to be determined by the House of
Representatives. I prefer, altogether, that that
scction should stand as it is reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. TOOMBS. In order to attain the object
which I have in view, I do not know but that it
may be necessary to strike out the whole section.
I quite agree with the Senator from Wisconsin,
that to strike out the latter clause, and leave Min-
nesota with but one Representative, is wrong. As
he properly states, this section is in the identical
language of the enabling act, and it may be that 1
it would be improperto change it; but I prefer to ;
strike it out entirely, because the enabling act is 1
the law governing the case now,and if we strike '
out this provision, we shall leave the House of j
Representatives to interpret that act for them- \
selves. It is their business, not the business of
the Senate. Congress passed an act proposing
certain terms, on compliance with which Minne-
sota should come into the Union. Really there
is nothing to be done now but, as the Judiciary
Committee reported the other day, for Congress
to say that there has been a compliance. The
terms of admission are all agreed upon; they are
specified in the enabling act. One of those terms
is, that she shall have one Representative in Con-
gress, and as many more as her census may en-
title her to. It turns out, from some defect, as
they allege, or some want of attention on the part
of those who were to take the census, probably
the Government or its officers, that there was an
imperfect census taken. The census returned in
time probably did not show more than one hun-
dred and forty thousand inhabitants; but they
propose to show, by other evidence aliunde, that
the population docs in truth reach two hundred
thousand or two hundred and fifty thousand.
The arrangement for taking the census was inad-
equate, there being no provision made for pay-
ment for it; and in one case the official returns
show only fifty inhabitants in a district where
three hundred votes were actually polled. This
is an illustration showing the imperfection of the
census. Now, I propose that this section be
stricken out, so that the law of the land govern-
ing the case being embraced in the enabling act,
the House of Representatives may determine for
themselves whether Minnesota is entitled to one,
two, or three Representatives under that act. I
do notsee any necessity for this section. It can-
not alter (he rights of anybody.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. The honorable Senator
was not present yesterday when I explained why
this section was inserted in the bill. On the first
view of the case, I thought, as the Senator now
suggests, that we need not say anything about the
representation; and that by so doing we should
leave it to be settled by the House of Representa-
tives, under the enabling act; but inasmuch as,
after the passage of the enabling act, the conven-
tion which formed the constitution had put in it
a provision that there should be three Represent-
atives in the other House, the opinion was enter-
tained that if we admitted them, without any
exclusion of a conclusion to the contrary, we
admitted them with their constitution, and gave
them three members. This section was inserted
with a view to rebut any presumption of that
kind, and to leave it as the original act did. This
section is in the very words of the enabling act.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then 1 think I can make a
proposition on which I shall agree with my hon-
orable friend from Vermont. I attach not the
slightest importance to that clause in the consti-
tution of Minnesota, on a subject over which they
have not the least control. It is a mere nullity.
They cannot fix their representation in the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman does not
understand me. We supposed that if-they put it
into their constitution, and we accepted them with
that constitution, we should thereby agree that
they should have three members, unless we in-
serted some provision excluding that conclusion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand the Senator, and
I will tell him how we can agree. Though I talk
pretty fast, it seems his ideas run ahead of me.
I propose to exclude any such conclusion, by in-
serting a provision, that nothing in this act shall
be construed to entitle Minnesota to three mem-
bers, according to her constitution. That is a
matter over which Congress has control. The
constitution was a curious place in which to in-
sert any such provision. It does not concern any
of her domestic institutions. Her relations to
this Government are fixed by another standard.
If she had elected three hundred instead of three
persons, as Representatives, that could not have
altered our rights. Nor do I think that if we ad-
mit her simply on the basis that she has complied
with the enabling act, and that her constitution is
republican, it can be construed into an assent by
Congress to this provision of her constitution.
To exclude any such conclusion, however, I pro-
pose, if we strike out this section, to move the
insertion of a provision, declaring that we do not
affirm her right to three members.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the section do any-
thing more than the gentleman now states?
Mr. TOOMBS. I think not. It says she shall
be entitled to one member, and such additional
members as her population may show her to be
entitled to. I want the House of Representatives
to settle the question of its own members under
that enabling act, and say whether she is entitled
to one, two, or three. To accomplish the object
which I have indicated, I give notice, that if the
pending amendment be voted down, as I hope it
will be, and then the section be stricken out, I shall
move to insert a clause, providing that nothing in
this act of admission shall be construed to entitle
her to the three members claimed in her consti-
tution.
Mr. BIGLER. I concur mainly in what has
been said by the Senator from Georgia on the
mam question. I do not propose to discuss it, ex-
cept to say that I think the vote cast is perhaps
the best data we have as to the population. That,
I understand, was about forty thousand; which,
on a moderate calculation, would give a popula-
tion of two hundred thousand, or two hundred
and twenty thousand. I think, on that calcula-
tion, it would be illiberal, if not unjust, to confine
Minnesota to a single Representative. My object
in rising is to explain the vote which I am about
to give. The effect of the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Virginia will be to confine the repre-
sentation to a single member. That I am not will-
ing to agree to; but I voted yesterday against the
motion to strike out " one" and insert " two."
I did that with the intention of voting for the mo-
tion of the Senator from Illinois to strike out the
whole section, thus leaving the question to the
House of Representatives. It seems to me to be
eminently proper that the House of Representa-
tives should say whether Minnesota shall have
one, two, or three members. I desire to say, there-
fore, that I shall vote against the proposition of j
the Senator from Virginia; but in doing that, I j
may seem to be inconsistent with my vote yes-:
teruay. I shall vote against it; and then vote to |
strike out the section. j
Mr. POLK. For myself, sir, on this question j
I am in favor not only of not striking out this sec- j
tion, but I am in favor of leaving it as it is. I am j
satisfied myself that equal justice to this State re-■
quires it. If we take the vote that wascast at the ;
election in Minnesota last fall, and multiply it by j
six, which has been done by some gentlemen for* j
the purpose of getting at the true amount of pop-,
ulation of the State, it would give two hundred j
and forty thousand; and still that would not reach
the actual population of the State. I am well sat-
isfied that the Indians m that Territory have not
been regarded in the census as a basis of popula-
tion, nor even the half-breeds, though there are
many of them settled on the lands of the Terri-
tory, and cultivating those lands as agriculturists,
iust as the best population in the Territory is
doing.
Iam also satisfied of another fact: that in many
instances persons have been registered by the cen-
sus-takers who went to Minnesota as a great many
went into Kansas; they went there for the pur-
pose of settling themselves; they marked out their
lands; they commenced their improvements, but
had not got their houses comfortably fixed yet so
as to bring their families into them, and their fam-
ilies were not there when the census was taken for
that reason. Most of those families are there by
this time, or, in almost all cases, will be there by
the close of the present season. I differ entirely
with the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
on this point. I think that in such a case the dom-
icile of a man and his family is not in Vermont or
in whatever other State he may have left, but in
Minnesota, if he had gone there and commenced,
making his home, and had not yet taken his family
only because he had not made his home comfort-
able enough to bring his family into it.
I am satisfied, therefore, that the population of
that Territory is more than the two hundred and
forty thousand, which is the conclusion at which
some gentlemen have arrived,, by multiplying the
amount of votes by six. There is a further con-
sideration to be borne in mind. Minnesota is
about equal, in point of square miles, to the ag-
gregate territory of both the States of Ohio and
Pennsylvania; and in many instances the voting
precincts were so far apart that there were many
men who were really entitled to vote who were
not able to get to the precincts and vote; much
loss were they able to get registered. In some of
the counties, the gentlemen who undertook to
take the census were not actual inhabitants of the
county. In the county of Todd, for instance, as
I am informed, the census that was attempted to
be taken was taken by a gentleman who did not
reside in the county, but who was a storekeeper
in the neighborhood; and probably he returned
only such persons as came to his store and regis-
tered their names themselves. The census of that
county, I think, showed about forty residents,
and the vote actually cast was one hundred.
In voting upon this question, I, for one, will
not consent to shut my eyes to what I know to
be the condition of a new State like Minnesota—a
frontier State, where society is^not settled down,
and where the people are not surrounded with all
the conveniences for their voting or registration,
that belong to the older States. I am opposed to
the motion that is before the Senate, and, so far
from going for that, I am in favor of giving this
new State three Representatives in the Congress
of the United States; and I do not believe, then,
that she will have anything more than very meager
justice meted out to her. I hope that, in voting
on this question, gentlemen will not overlook the
fact that the settlements in these new States are
of such a kind that you cannot apply to them the
same standard that you apply to an old State that
was in the Confederacy when it was first formed
under the Constitution. I have been told by a
gentleman who has had the ver-y best means of
judging, that, in one county especially, nearly
all the voters were in the category I first named;
that is, they were there making their farms, build-
ing their houses, getting ready to bring their
families there just as soon as they should make
their homes comfortable; but the families were
not there, not because that was not their icsidcnce,
not because they did not mean to bring them there,
but only because the physical circumstances by
which they were surrouncled were such as to make
the father of. a f.imily forego their presence only
because he could not do otherwise, and do his
duty to his wife and clnldrcn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is well that we should be
sure that we understand the legal effect of what
we are about to do. I confess that I have my
doubts as to whether the legal effect of my prop-
osition is to be what the Senator fiom Georgia
understands that it will be. If his amendment bo
added to it, I think it will then produce the oppo-
site result to that which I desire. My proposition
is to strike out the second section of the bill, in
order to admit three members from Minnesota.
The Senator from Georgia thinks that will not be
the legal cffect of it, and he proposes to cxclude
