1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-mm
well as pecuniary, responsibility at stake. We
have not only appropriated the money belonging
to citizens, but we have broken our good faith
as agents standing between the people and their
rights. Our oath of fidelity to the Constitution,
which expressly forbids taking " the property of
the citizen without just compensation^" is in-
volved in our deliberations upon this question.
I can view the subject in no other light; and no
amount of pleading or sophistry can get us clear
of recorded facts. As I have before said, an array
of technical objections to allowing the claims may
be presented; but, until it is right under a legal
guise to do wrong in the face of a moral fact, you
can never convince me, nor those who hold these
old claims, that the Government can honestly re-
fuse to provide for their payment; and if, upon
an examination of-this question, the facts appear
toothers as they do to me, there will be no attempt
to delay action any longer than is necessary to a
fair understanding of the case.
Mr. Chairman, I have not hoped to be able to
suggest considerations in support of the matter in
question that have not been over and over again
urged by the friends of the bill* and which have
not been generally admitted as just by many who
still stand upon technical ground, in opposition to
the passage of a bill for the relief of claimants. '
No man denies that we made treaties with France,
or that we had an object in view when these were
made. No man can deny that mutual obligations
existed between the United Stales and France.
No man can deny that the claims of both parties
were presented for adjustment, side by side; and
it will be useless to deny that the accredited agents
of both the parties agreed to extinguish all obli-
gations existing between them, and to start afresh
with a clean page. France may have been jus-
tified in her course as a nation. Perhaps we were
justified in ours, up to the point of dealing with
France; but our duty does not end there. We
used the piopeity of our citizens to satisfy a de-
mand upon the country, and we cannot get rid
of paying every dollar promptly and honorably.
All the facts are against us; the law is against us;
the principle of equity is against us; the spirit of
the Government is against us; and tbesenument \
of the people is against us. The feeling of popular !
esteem for an upright administration of justice
at the hands of the Government is involved in
our action in reference to this matter; and upon
such considerations as this truth may suggest,
depends all that is legitimate and honorable that
attaches to our institutions.
Mr. GILMER. I have been waiting for some
time to make a short reply to my colleague [Mr.
Shaw] from the first congressional district of
North Carolina. On last Tuesday evening 1 sup-
posed I should have had the opportunity to do so.
1 supposed itwas the understanding in the morn-
ing that we were to go into Committee oftheWhole j
on the state of the Union; but the House declined \
to do so, and I was therefore cut off from making !
the reply which 1 desired to make. 1 would make \
the reply now were my colleague present, winch I j
desire to have an apportunity to make before the <
adjournment of the present session of Congress, j
but i cannot do it unless he is present. I desire 1
to say, however, that I think I will be able to show j;
this House and the country that my colleague in j:
his reply to me m my absence did me gieatinjus- •
tice. Many statements applicable to me, I think, i
1 would be able to show to be utterly without |
foundation. 1 think,also, I should beable to show j
that many portions of his reply to me were per- j
versions of facts. I think in my absence he took i
occasion to represent me unfairly before my con- :
etituents and his, and to create, improperly and ij
without foundation, prejudice against me. And
although I discover, from the report of what took i'
place in my absence, that gentlemen who are near
to me undertook truthfully to correct the state- p
inent, he still persevered in it; for 1 say here with n
solemn regard to truth that no such thmgas con- j
gratulation by Mr. Giddintgs, of Ohio, uid occur,
such as stated by him, and none of any kind to '
the best of my recollection. I see that a Repre- jj
tentative replied to him, that he was passing up 'j
the aisle, and from the fact that some mention of ;|
his name was made to which I replied with 3 •!
smile, the mistake may have occurred. That was !'
all, nothing more.
1 will say further, that my friend Mr. Cuxc;- ;i
man. who is not here, and will not likely be
here, I discover, said something to the effect that
he was standing at .the time, at, about the place
where he was then speaking—where that was, I
cannot tell. He certainly was not in the seat he
usually occupied. I am advised that he was upon
the other side of the House. From the fact, how-
ever, that he has his seat next to me, persons
not acquainted with where he was might suppose
that he was sitting at the time next to me. I am
happy to see, however, that in the icmaiks made
buy him upon that occasion, ho did not sustain the
statement that the member from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
niNGs] congratulated me. I was surprised thathe
should have made any remark about it, because I
did not see him at the time at all. I do not know
in what part of the Hall he was; he was not in
his seat, and has been there but little of the time
during the session. I shall take occasion, when
the proper opportunity arrives, to make a suitable
reply to the speech then made by my colleague.
^ Mr, FLORENCE moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, the chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 198) making appro-
priations for fortifications, &c., and had come to .
no resolution thereon. ;
And then, on motion of Mr. BUFFINTOX, i
(at a quarter past eight o'clock) the House ad-
journed until Monday next, at eleven o'clock,
a. m. j
IX SKWTR.
Monday, Jfjy *-24, 1958.
The Journal of Saturday was read ami approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PEARCE presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of the Merchants' Exchange Asso-
ciation of Washington, District of Columbia, op-
posed to the bill introduced by Mr. Slidell to
restrict the issue of hank notes as a currency m
the District of Columbia, and in favor of rechar-
termg the banks of the Distiict of Columbia;
which wes ordered to he on the table, and a mo-
tion by him to print it was; referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the memorial of
George T. Durham, praying compensation for ser-
vices as cleik in the Indian Bureau; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS presented a communication from
the War Department, communicating copies of
correspondence inadvertently omitted in the an-
swer toaresolution of the Senate of lhe20(h May,
1858, respecting the claims of Blocker & Gu.ley
and J. F. Davis; which was leaned to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Minna.
Mr. BROWN. I present the memorial of
Thomas Motley, for himself and others, praying
permission to cross certain avenues in the city of
Washington with a railroad, a portion of which
he proposes to lay down as an experiment in the
city. I am opposed to the object of tile memorial,
but I present it, and move thnt it be referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YULES presented the petition of Richard ■
H. Long, praying permission to locate upon the ,
reserves on St. Andrew's Bay, in Florida, certain
preemption claims held by him; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FITZPATRJCft presented a petition of
John P. Figh and John H. Gmdrat, contractors
for the erection of certain public buildings at Fort
Gaines, Dauphm Island, piavmg compensation
for dama2.es sustained hv them in cons^qumiee of
a suspension of the wo  k i-y an '>in • v or* the Gov-
ernment; which was reient.d to uw Committee on
Claims.
RESEARCHES IX AS f A.
Mr. GWIN. I present the memurud of Peny
McDonotigh Colli'M, praying Congress to com-
pensate him for commeicial lesearches m north-
ern Asm and <"*xp!owi tions of f!,e Amoor river.
Mr. Collins, who pjvsoms this memorial, was
appointed bv the President of the Ur. tod states,
Mr. Pierce, in lc\50\ to mui<e commercial tc-
scarches m northern Asia, and lo a&ccitam if the
j, commerce of that country could be made available
jj to the United State's from the Pacific ocean,-by
11 way of the Amoor river, which river empties into
•! the straits of Tartary, the waters of the Pacific
'..ocean, not far north (eighthundred miles) of Ha-
i) kodadt, Japan. Mr. Collins proceeded, imrnedi-
ij ately after his appointment, to the duty assigned
ij him, and has been for the last two years engaged
j' in it. He crossed the whole of Europe and-Asia,
<\ investigated the commerce of northern Asia, and
i | has been the pioneer in the navigation of the
!' Amoor river. Mr. Collins descended the Amoor
ij river and its tributaries, from the center of north-
p ern Asia to the sea, and has practically demon-
i I strated the fact that it is navigable for steamboats,
; i and can be ascended over two thousand miles from
\< the Pacific ocean. The knowledge of this fact
jj opens at once to American commerce from the
j! Pacific, access to the vast interior trade of North-
ern Asia, which amounts to $5O,OUO,0OO annu-
\i ally. Manchooria, Daouria, Siberia, Mongolia,
j.Noitherii China, Thibet, and Tartary, with a
!j population of thirty millions, will, through the
'1 navigable waters of tins river, be opened to Amer-
ican commerce. The services rendered have been
| valuable and important, and it is hoped the com-
; mittee will give the claim prompt consideration.
; I move that the memorial be printed,and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
;] The memorial was referred to the Committee
;; on Foreign Relations, and the motion to print to
ij the Committee on Printing.
| REPORTS OF COMMITTEES,
i' Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
; hr.iry, to whom was referred the memorial of E.
R. Livingston, asked to be discharged from its
>■ further consideration, and that it lie on the table;
j; which was agreed to.
j j Mr. DAViS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
" (8. No. 263) granting the right of way over the
depot grounds on the military reserve at Fort Gra-
, tiot, in the State of Michigan, for railroad pur-
' poses, reported it with an amendment.
Air. MALCORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom were referred the following
bill and joint resolution, reported them without
amendment, and that they ought not to pass:
, A bill (S. No. 179) to extend the provisions of
j, section twelve of the " Act making appropriations
;■ for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
l! of June, 1858;" and
i A joint resolution (S. No. 26) for the benefit of
;■ the neaiest male heir of the late Major General
! Towson, United States Army, deceased.
11 He also, from the same committee, to whom
I were inferred the memorial of E. D. Tippett,
1 ptaying the aid of Congress to test his " cold
water safety steam-engine;" the petition of Frank-
lin Kek-ey, praying an appropriation for building,
' equipping, and testing asteamboaton a scientific
model mventf'd by him; a memoiial of Joseph
Humphries, praying that his patent "floating
; anchor or dtag" may be tested; a memoual of
j Bishop, Simons & Co., praying permission to give
i a practical experiment befoie an appropriate corn-
; mittee, of the merits of Ho'ines'patent *eH-righ.t-
, mg, self-bailing surfand lifeboat: a petition of John
J. Rink.praying Congress to purchase the right
to use certain improvements made by him in the
construction of sub-marine masomy and in ship-
building; a memorial of B. F. Simms,und Arthur
Barbarm, inventors of an elcctro-magnetic fog-
bell, praying an appropriation to test its practi-
cability and utility; a memoiial of John C.
yalamon and George W. Morris, piaying an ap-
; propnation for the construction and fitting up a
vessel on their plan, ;•.? a " life-preseivmg ves-
sel;" a petition of William W. Hubheii, inventor
■ of a new and uselul improvement in eccentric ex-
' plosive shells, praying compensation for an in-
*fnni>em.'-ifi of his patent; a memorial of William
Brenion purser m the Navy, praying to
he al'owed additional compensation while lie
served as purser of the North Pacific exploring
expedition; a memorial of citizens oi Pennsyl-
vania, praying a change in the present system of
Government chaplaincies, and an increase m the
number of chaplains; a memorial of Bishop Pot-
; ter, of New York, and other clergymen, praying
a change m the present system of Government
' ehap'ameics, and an meruit.*.' in the number of
ciiankuns; four memorial* of citizens of Peimsyl-
