288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
ticeor evil which he may find to have been inflicted
on an officer, both by the board and by the court,
Moreover, it places the President and the Senate
in a condition subordinate to the court of inquiry,
binding his action and the subject on which the
Senate can take action, so as to be controlled by
the finding of a court of inquiry. I think this is
all wrong, reversing the natural order of things,
and I merely propose to enlarge the power of the
President to the extent of his constitutional pre-
rogative. I hope there will be no difficulty in pass-
ing the resolution.
Mr. STUART. I think that the President of the
United States possesses all the power which it is
proposed to confer upon him by this resolution;
and my objection is to assuming by this specics
of legislation that he has not the power. I hold
that the President can nominate to office any per-
son he chooses, and it is not within the power of
Congress to limit that constitutional right. I know,
sir, that in the law referred to by the Senator
from Mississippi, there is an apparent limitation
of the power. That law did not receive my vote.
I could not, even by implication, consent to yield
the point that the President, in the exercise of his
constitutional power to nominate, can be limited
by any law of Congress.
While these are my views, and constitute with
me a very serious, and, i may say, insurmount-
able objection to voting for any proposition of this
kind, I desire to do no more than express my sen-
timents. If the Senate choose to pass any prop-
osition of this description, I do not wish to op-
pose its passage; but 1 simply suggest that I think
the more we legislate on this subjcctin this way,
the greater will be the number of difficulties we
shall accumulate.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish merely to say to the Sen-
ate,in conncction with the question of power, that
whatever may be the fact, m the particular case,
special legislation seems to have been directed
against the exercise of that power by the Exec-
utive. I may also say, on the authority of what
I find in the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
that neither the President nor the Secretary of the
Navy considers himself authorized to nominate
otherwise than as provided in the special act of
the last session. Nor do I concur with the Sen-
ator from Michigan, that it is not within the
power of legislation to limit the prerogative of the
President in nominating to the Senate. Wc enter
into a contract—not in form, hut in substance—
with every one who enters either branch of the
military service. Promotion is his right, with
certain reservations; and I hold that the Exec-
utive, notwithstanding the general language of the
Constitution, has not the power to go over the
head of every officer that has won his promotion,
up to the rank of commander, for instance, and
.seek in civil life for some one whom he will nom-
inate to the Senate for a captain of the Navy. It
would be a violation of the solemn understanding
made with gentlemen who have served the coun-
try—aviolation of a vested right which they pos-
sess.
Mr. COIXAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me for a moment? I think there should be
.some limitation on the time of exercising this
power. The resolution contains'no such limita-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. The limitation of time, I thought,
was found in the existing law, which is so narrow
that a proposition has been made to extend it. I
have no objection, however, to any limitation
being put on this proposition which the Senator
from Vermont may think proper to suggest. My
object is not to extend the time, but merely to
extend the power.
I was going to merely add to the remarks which
I made, that I do not think the President can, in
violation of law, and in violation of an implied con-
tract with the officers of the Navy, nominate from
■civil life sonic one who shall outrank those who
have by faithful service attained their grade. Pro-
motion attaches to them as apart of the contract;
.and if the President were to nominate a person
from civil life, I trust we shall never have a Sen-
ate that will confirm him, in total disregard of the
dear-bought rights of officers of the military ser-
vice, in either of its branches.
I stated, when I was first up, that I looked upon ■
this resolution.as merely conferring on the Presi- '
dent the power to do that which the law never
should have taken fromhim. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Michigan that this legislation has been
unfortunate. I think the whole proceeding has
been unfortunate. I wish now, however, to rem-
edy an evil which I think is pjilpable. Because
legislation has been bad heretofore, it does not fol-
low that we should remedy none of the evils grow-
ing out of that bad legislation. We must advance;
and if thatadvance be the result of our having pre-
viously taken a wrong step, the fact that we have
erred in the past surely should not limit our action
in the future. I hope that the resolution will be
adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to ask a question
of the Senatorfrom Mississippi, with reference to
a point which was started by the Senator from
Michigan. In case an officer has been court-
martialed, and dismissed from the Navy under
sentence of a court-martial, would it not be com-
petent for the President to reappoint him if he
saw fit ?
Mr. DAVIS. I should think not. I should sup-
pose that if he had lost his commission in the form
provided by law, he thereby lost all those rights
which appertained to him when in commission;
and it would not be in the power of the President
to reappoint him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I differ with the Senator
from Mississippi m relation to that matter. If the
particular place which the officer had lost in con-
sequence of the action of a court-martial were
once filled, undoubtedly that officer could not be
appointed to it.
Mr. DAVIS. In order that we may not mis-
understand each other, I will say to the Senator,
that the action of the President, m the case which
he supposes, would be rather in the character of a
revisory process, and that the President has some-
times exercised. I do not question the authority
there; but after the place has been filled, then the
appointment of the same man is to my mind in
the nature of an original appointment, just as if
he were taken from civil life.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt of that.
My question was whether he could not make an
original appointment, and again appoint the same
officer to a place, perhaps of equal rank, unless
they take rank according to their commissions in
all cases. There is nothing to prevent the Pres-
ident appointing an officer who has been court-
martialed and dismissed, although the particular
place which he formerly held may have been filled.
1 do not know how it can be filled again by the
President with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, or by law, unless you provide that he shall
take rank above certain men, or rank from such
a date. If that is the object, I can sec that it may
possibly be accomplished in this way.
But, sir, I have the misfortune to differ in opin-
ion on this matter from the Senator from Missis-
sippi. If the power exists, as suggested by the
Senator from Michigan, I should be very unwill-
ing that the President should exercise it; and if
it does not exist, I should be very unwilling to
confer it. When a man has passed through two
ordeals of this kind—in the first place having been
tried by a commission appointed by Congress for i
that purpose, and, in their judgment, found un- '
worthy, or unable to discharge his duties; and
then, having demanded a trial, and having been
tried and heard, and had another decision by his
peers, or by those who were constituted to make
that decision—1 should be very unwilling indeed
to confer upon the President the power of revising
the whole proceeding, and overruling the decision j
thus made.
I am inclined to believe with the Senator from
Michigan that the power exists; but if it does not
exist, I think there is no good reason for extend-
ing it. 1 do not see why wc should place it in
possession of the President, who is certainly not
as able to judge as those who decided this ques-
tion on evidence, and knowledge of the capacity
of these individuals—fcr he can have no practical
acquaintance with them—to discharge the duties
of the offices to which he may be asked to appoint
them. I therefore upon that principle oppose it.
With regard to the other branch of the subject—
the transfer of individuals from the reserved to
the furlough list, and from the furlough to the
reserved list—that is a matter of pay, which may
be regulated by statute, and does not come within
the constitutional provision with reference to the
appointment of officers. If it is desirable at all
to make any such arrangements, the power can
only be exercised by the President, in consequence
of its having been in the first place conferred upon
him by a law of Congress; but even m that case
you are putting very much into the power of the
President. He is as likely to be misled as other
men. Why should he have the power to dc-grade
a man from the reserved to the furlough list, when
that man is not in active service, but has been
retired from active service in the Navy because
he is incompetent, for some reason, to exercise its
duties ? Why should the President have power
to deprive him of a portion of his pay, or to in-
crease it? I believe that the law,and the tribunals
appointed to judge in these matters, can decide
questions of that description much more wisely.
At any rate, I should be very unwilling to run the
risk of the errors that even the President might
be led into on such subjects.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senatorfrom Maine objects
to this proposition, as giving the Presidentpower
to revise that which he assumes the President does
not so well understand as a court of inquiry.
That is an objection which goes not only to this
special law, but to all laws upon such subjects.
The President is now authorized to revise, and is
required to approve or disapprove, the decisions
of the courts of inquiry. The defect I point out
is, that if he disapproves, if he docs not concur
with the court, no remedy is provided. The court,
on a certain record, which the President after-
wards examines, or is supposed to examine, ad-
judges that an officer should be left on the fur-
lough list. The President finds in that record
evidence that he should be on the active list; he
disapproves the proceeding of the court; but the
officer is left, by his disapprobation, just where
he would have been if the President had concurred
in the finding of the court. This is a great defect
in the law. It is withholding justice in the man-
ner in which justice is ordinarily bestowed on in-
dividuals who appear before courts, either civil or
military. It is exactly to remedy that defect that
I have introduced this joint resolution.
Mr. HALE. For the first time, sir, since I
have had my attention turned to this subject, I
feel a little embarrassed how to proceed. I was
not in Congress when the law creating the naval
board wan passed. As it was passed nearly unan-
imously, it is barely possible that if I had been
here I might have voted for it, though I think it
is a violent presumption. I am opposed to it—
to the whole of it: its beginning, continuing, and
ending. I am opposed to everything that has been
done under that bill, and to everybody that did
it. I think it was a great mistake, a great error,
and a great reproach to the country, to the Navy,
to Congress, and to the national character; and,
believing so, I feel very much inclined to undo
everything they did, so far as I can. I was in
favor of the bill passed at the last session; and I
understand that something like half, or nearly
half, of the officers have been restored by the find-
ings of the courts under it.
The embarrassmentunderwhich I find myself
at this session, is that the Senate, in its wisdom
or its folly, has placed me upon the Committee
on Naval Affairs; and I do not feel exactly that
liberty which I did* when I was an outsider. But,
sir, this law, as it now stands, is obnoxious to
the charge which the Senator from Mississippi
brings against it. If the court find that on officer
was unjustly and wrongfully displaced from the
Navy by the act of the retiring board, and the
President agrees with them in that opinion, then
there is redress for those to whom the finding is
favorable; but if the court find that a man was
rightfully dropped or put on the retired list, and
they send their records to the President, (for these
courts were obliged to keep records, and the old
board did not,) and the President is of opinion
that they are entirely wrong, and that the man
ought to be restored, he cannot exercise his dis-
cretion ; he cannot do anything. It thus appeal s
to be the law, that the President may do right in
half the cases; and if his opinion is that wrong
has been done in the other half, he cannot redress
it. This resolution proposes to give him power
to do right. It is an enabling act, to enable the
President to do right. I think it is a good act.
I think we could pass such an act with regard to
a great many other matters; and if the President
would take advantage of it, good would result.
The subject before us now stands in this way:
gentlemen were once dismissed without a trial,
