2348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
vania, praying that a system, of instruction may
be introduced into the Na\'y, as a means of im-
proving the personnel of ships' crews; a petition
of insurance companies, merchants, and others,
of New York, praying that a sj'slem of instruc-
tion maybe introduced into the Navy, as a means
of improving the -personnel of ships5 crews; a pe-
tition of insurance companies, merchants, and
others, of Cincinnati, praying that a system of
instruction may- be introduced into the Navy, as
a means of improving the personnel of ships'
crews; a petition of insurance companies, mer-
chants, and others, of Newark, New Jersey, pray-
ing that a system of instruction may be intro-
duced into the Navy, as a means of improving
the personnel of ships' crews; and two memorials
of insurance companies, merchants, and others,
of New Orleans, praying that a system of instruc-
tion mayjje introduced into the Navy, as a means
of improving the personnel of ships'crews, asked
to be discharged from their further consideration;
"which was agreed to.
"He also, from the same committee, to whom
"were referred the petitions of Mrs. Satah Bra-
shear, praying to be allowed the benefit of the act
granting five years'pay to the surviving officers
of the Texan navy; a memorial of Mrs. Georgi-
ana M. Lewis, praying to be allowed the benefit
of the act granting five years' pay to the surviving
officers of the Texan Navy; and a petition of
Thomas W. Jordan,late captain's clerk on board
the United States ship Fredonia, praying to be al-
lowed the difference between his pay as captain's
clerk and that of purser, during the time he acted
as purser,reported adversely thereon, and that the
committee be dischaged from the further consider-
ation of the petitions and memorial.
Mr.YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 273) for thy relief of JuJin F.
Cannon, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Com meree,
to whom was referred the memorial of the presi-
dent and directors of the Dismal Swamp Canal
Company, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 400") to surrender the stock of the
United States in the Dismal Swamp Canal Com-
pany, upon certain conditions, to said Company.
The bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciaiy, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
280) to repeal the twenty-fifth section of the act
to establish the judicial courts of the United
States, approved September 24, 1789, reporied
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of George Stealey, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 403) for the relief of
George Stealey. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading, and the repot t ordered to be
printed. ]
He also, from the same committee, to whom '
was referred the bill (S. No. 3tf9) providing for |
the allotment of lands to certain New York In-
dians, arid for other puiposes, reported it with-
out amendment
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of
the United States judge for the western district
of Arkansas, and otheis, relative to the erection
«>f a jail at Van Burcn, in that Slate, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the btli (H. R. No.
200) making appropriations foi sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1859, reported it with amendments.
Mr
BILLS INTRODUCED.
. SHIELDS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
399) to amend an act entitled "An act to extend
preemption rights to certain lands therein men-
tioned," approved 3d March, 1853; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOUGLAS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
40)) to facilitate communication between the At-
lautic and Pacific States by electric telegraph;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DOUGLAS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
402) to restrain and redress outrages upon theffag
and citizens of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BRIGHT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 404) m
relation to a revised code for the District of Col-
umbia; which was read twice by its title, and le-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITZPATRICK asked,and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
405) for the relief of John P. Figh and John H.
Gindrat; which was read twite by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
CHRISTIAN INDIANS.
Mr. KING. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill (S. No. 323) for the sale of certain
Delaware lands was passed. I had a conversation
with the gentleman who reported it, who under-
stood me to withdraw my objection to the bill by
which it was laid over. I did not intend to do
that, but stated that I knew nothing about it. My
opinion is, that the facts do not appear to justify
the passage of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon what day did*
it pass?
Mr. KING. It passed on Friday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that the bill has gone out of the possession
of the Senate, but he supposes the motion may be
entered.
Mr. KING. The bill passed upon a mistake
as to the fact whether 1 withdrew my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
make a motion to direct the return of the bill from
the House of Representatives.
Mr. KING. I make that motion.
Mr. CLAY. Let it lie over.
Mr. B1GLER. The Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. Sebastian] is not in his seat, and I hope the
motion will lie over.
Mr. KING. The bill passed under a mistake.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to re-
consider will be entered, and the Secretary will
request the return ol the bill fiom the blouse of
Representatives.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives, returning to the Sen-
ate tlie bill (S. No. 323) to confirm the sale of the
reservation held by the Christian Indians, and to
provide a permanent home for said Indians.
KEEP, BARD, AND COMPANY.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 318) for
the relief of Keep, I)ard,& Co., J. Caulfield,
and Joseph Land is & Co., have directed me to
report the bill back and recommend its passage.
As it is a bill which should be passed at this ses-
sion, if the relief asked is to be granted at all, I
hope the Senate will take it up and consider it at
this time. The Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
PoLic,j who introduced it and is familiar with the
parties and the facts, can state the case to the
Senate.
Mr. WADE. Will it cause debate ?
Mr. CLAY. None at ali.
Mr. WADE. Then I have nothing to say.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill, which proposes to au-
thoiize the attorney of the United States for the
eastern district of Louisiana to enter satisfaction
of the judgment rendered by the district court of
the United States for the eastern district of Louis-
iana, on or about the 21st of January, 1858, in
favor of the United States, againstKeep, Bard &
Co., principals, composed of E. S Keep, J. S.
Bard , and J. Caulfield ; and Joseph Landis & Co.,
sureties, composed of L. H. Place and Paul E.
Mortimer, jointly and severally in solido,
Mr. POLK. I will state the nature of this case.
John J. Rowe & Co., heavy merchants and ship-
owners, of St. Louis, took two contracts, one for
the shipment of railroad iron from New Orleans
to St. Louis; another for the shipment of railroad
iron from New Orleans to Keokuk, in Iowa.
Keep, Bard & Co., of New Orleans, were their
correspondents there. They direetcd them to bond
the iron, deliverable at St. Louis, fot the custom-
house at St. Louis; and deliverable at Keokuk,
for the custom-house at Keokuk. The iron was
shipped up. When the iron that was intended
for Keokuk arrived at St. Louis, it was immedi-
ately transferred from the vessel in which it was
brought up there to another vessel, and carried
to Keokuk. The iron for St. Louis was delivered
there. When they went to the custom-house to
pay the duties and discharge their bonds, they
found that by mistake Keep, Bard & Co. had
bonded all the iron for St. Louis. They then
wrote on to the Department here for liberty to pay
the duty on the Iowa iron either at Keokuk or
St. Louis, they did not care which; and if the
Department would not let them do that, and would
noiuy them of their determination in time, they
would ship the iron back from Keokuk to Sr.
L'ouis, so as to discharge their bonds there, and
then take it from St. Louis back again up to Keo-
kuk. The Department held the matter under ad-
visement for some time, and then wrote back to
John J. Rowe & Co., at St. Louis, declining to
receive the duty either at St. Louis or at Keokuk,
and ordering a suit upon their bond. This was
only one day, according to my recollection—cer-
tainly not more than two days—before, the time
limited in the bond. Therefore they could not
possibly bring the iron back from Keokuk to St.
Louis within the time specified m the bond.
Mr. STUART. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator if the duties have been paid?
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir; and the costs have been
paid.
Mr. STUART. Then there can be no objec-
tion to the case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 341) making appropriations for repairing and
securing the works at the harbor of Chicago, Il-
linois.
Mr. GWIN. I will say to the Senator from
Ohio that I should like to make some remarks on
a privileged motion that has been on the docket
for some time, and that is the reconsideration of
the postponement of the Pacific railroad bill. I
want to leave the city to-day or to-morrow, and
I should like to have the privilege of giving my
reasons as SViefly as I can on that question. I
believe it is a privileged question, 'this matter
will certainly lead to a great deal of discussion,
and 1 should prefer that the Senator would permit
me to go on and make my remarks now.
Mi. WADE. 1 should be glad to accommo-
date the Senator if I could; but I know that the
condition of the lake harbors, particularly those
on Lake Erie, is such that, if we adjourn with-
out passing these bills, so that the rt pairs can be
made, many of them will be utterly destroyed
before the end of another year. The proposed
appropriations are very small. The Committee
on Commerce repoit nothing towards the further
construction of harbors anywhere, but barely
propose to do that work which is absolutely ne-
cessary to preserve what has already been done.
I do not suppose the bills will lead to much de-
bate or objection. There is a number of them; but
they are all of the character I have stated. Not
one of them proposes to pay out money for the
further construction of harbors, or to extend a
woik, but barely to preserve it. I am very sorry
that the committee were not more liberal, and dicl
not propose to appropriate more money for these
works; but as they did not, I do not suppose the
bills recommended by them will meet with much
opposition. They seem to be a matter of neces-
sity. There are some twenty-three of these bills;
and if the Senate shall take up one—and I now
move to take up the first—I shall move that the
others be tacked on as amendments. That will
be more expeditious than to'pass them all sep-
arately. I hope these bills will be taken up, be-
cause the session is so far advanced that, unless
we proceed with them now, there will be danger
that they may be lost. I feel constrained to adhere
to my motion.
Mr. GWIN. It is evident that the Senator
from Ohio is mistaken. This question will lead
to a prolonged discussion. I understand that the
Senator from Georgia, who is not now in his seat,
