286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Miles.
[March 31,
IIo. of Reps.
frage. Not only so, sir; but inseparable from the
exercise of suffrage, so far as the experience of
any government has hitherto shown.
How is it in England ? The rotten borough sys-
tem has, indeed, been swept away by the reform
bill. The people at large have a far more potential
voice in the choice of their legislators (who are
their true rulers) now than in the time of Pitt and
Fox and Burke and Sheridan. I will not pause
to inquire whether they have, in consequence,
more able, wise, and philosophical statesmen in
their national Parliament. But, sir, what is the
modus operandi of many a parliamentary canvass ?
Is it not notorious that money is freely used; that
in some cases regular contractors have undertaken
to return honorable members to particular seats
in Parliament? Is it not notorious that" to stand
for thecounty"—tc contest aseatin the county—
requires the outlay of large sums of money; some-
times to the amount of ten, twenty, thirty, even
fifty thousand pounds? Are\yeto be told that the
frauds in Kansas, then, are so " unparalleled,"
"stupendous," "unprecedented," that they shock
the mora! sense of freemen all over the civilized
world, and that we must gather the raiment of our
national purity closely around us and not allow our
brethren in this new Territory to touch the hem
of our garment, lest we be defiled in the eyes of the
nations? It has been recently told me, that not long
ago, at an election held in one of our northern
cities, justly considered one of the brightest cen-
ters of intelligence and refinement, banners were
openly displayed with this inscription, for the
guidance of the popular sovereignty, upon their
folds, " Vote early and vote often /" Is itnotphari-
saical for us to be affecting such scruples about
irregularities in a frontier settlement, where the
restraints of law and (what is more powerful than
law) public opinion cannot reasonably be sup-
posed to operate as forcibly as in long-settled and
more civilized communities'1 I hope, sir, I shall
not be understood as standing forwaid as the
npologizer for, much less the defender of, the
frauds alleged and the abuses complained of. No
one would go further, I believe, than myself, to
purify the elective franchise, and make the ballot-
box, which is the true exponent and only safe-
guard of popular liberty, the fair and unmistaka-
ble interpreter of the popular will. But I am not
willing, with sanctimonious expressions of horror
utterly disproportioned to the merits of the case,
to deculc against my own people—to join issue
with my own party—in a tremendous contest in-
volving principles, in comparison with which, the
casual excesses which may have been committed
JM a wild and border Territory shrink into insig-
nificance. Besides, sir, without either defending
orapologizing for such excesses, (supposing them
to have been committed,) may not something
furly and honestly be said in extenuation of them ?
Much has been said about the " border-ruf-
fians;" the vials of wrath of the Free-Soil presses
have been emptied upon their heads; they have
been arraigned before the bar of public opinion,
and every effort made to cover them with infa-
my. Who were theborder-ruffians ? Men living
in the adjacent slave State of Missouri, who nat-
urally looked upon the virgin soil of Kansas as
in some sort their peculiar heritage; who, so soon
ns it was erected into a Territory, passed into it
with their negroes for the purpose of tilling the
soil and making the earth yield its increase to the
labor of their hands. They did not, perhaps, in
every case, immediately become settlers, but, sep-
arated as they were from their homes merely by
an intervening nvei, contented themselves with
marking out such tracts of land as suited then-
purposes, with the intent to return, and there set
up their household gods. But while thus en-
gaged in taking actual possession, or preparing
to do so, what do they behold? Band after band
of armed emigrants from the distant Atlantic cities
of the North—equipped and sent out by abolition
emigrant aid societies—are poured into the prom-
ised land, with the avowed object of wresting
it from the detested southron and slaveholder.
They come—many of them the scum and refuse
of the large cities—with Sharpc's rifles in their
hands, and hatred and defiance in their hearts,
openly declaring- that their intention is forever to
exclude the southerner from any share in the new
Territory, They come, paid for the job by con-
tributions from half-crazy women and political
parsons and fanatical zealots, and insolently en-
deavor to forestall the Missourian in the occupa-
tion of lands to which he had already set up some-
thing of a claim. They come with the settled and
offensively announced purpose of driving back
southern civilization, and checking the natural
and legitimate spread of the wave of southern ex-
pansion. Had it not been for this forced influx
' of a northern anti-slavery population, there can
be no doubt that western Missouri would speedily
and surely have overspread into the eastern por-
tion of Kansas, (the only portion of any agricul-
tural value,) and firmly established, in due pro-
cess of time, the institutions of the neighboring
and parent State.
Now, sir, was it not natural that the Missou-
rians should resent this violent attempt to oust
them from the wished-forTerritory? Is it strange
that they should take up the glove ofdefiance, and
meet the invaders who came for the purpose
of overturning their institutions with the same
weapons which they themselves so ostentatiously
pataded? They did so. They met, checked, and
foiled them. Forthwith arose shrieks from "bleed-
ing Kansas;" which a thousand pulpits, a thou-
sand abolition presses, have in every tone of the
gamut, been reechoing ever since. Then Missouri
called upon her sister southern States to come to
her assistance. She besought them to meet this
practical issue for the strengthening of the institu-
tion upon which their whole social polity, pros-
perity, and strength are based. She urged them
to send out settlers with their slaves if possible;
or if the latter could not be spared, still to send out
southern men to take legal possession of the dis-
puted Territory, and hold it as a vantage ground
for the South. Unhappily the South did not re-
spond to these appeals as she should have done,
and as I believe she would have done had she duly
realized the importance of the issue involved. She
ought to have sent out man for man and dollar
for dollar in opposition to those sent out by the
northern associations. Had she done so, Kansas
would have been ours forever, beyond dispute.
Her climate and soil are quite as well adapted to
slave labor as those of Missouri, which, m these
particulars, she very closely resembles. She would
have been a wall of defense to this latter State on
the one hand, and have tended on the other to re-
store the equilibrium of power between the slave
and free States which is so rapidly being: de-
stroyed.
But, sir, to return to the consideration of the
subject of the " fiauds,"and the objection based
theieon, that the constitution of Kansas with
which she applies for admission into the Union is
not the expression of the will of her people. I
have said, in general terms, that I thought undue
stress was laid upon the fact (granting, for the
sake of argument, that it be a fact) that at some
of the elections there have been tricks, irregular-
ities, and deceptions. When two great parties,
in an excited contest, are straining every nerve to
defeat each other, it must almost inevitably follow
that such things will be. They spring from the
innate frailties and passions of human nature.
They are not, as we have seen, confined to law-
less communities, nor exclusively indicative of
them. But, in point of fact, so far as the election
frauds in Kansas arc concerned, I fnmiy believe
that both parties there are equally implicated in
them. If the conscience of General Calhoun,
which, like Mohammed's coffin, m traditionary
story, has so long hung suspended between heaven
and earth—between the truth, as he must have
known it, and his hopes of a seat in the other
wing of the Capitol—lias at length "purged "the
return by rejecting the vote of the Delaware
Crossing, why, we may ask, has he not purged
the Leavenworth city vote ? How comes this vote
in the recent election to be so much larger than
on two former occasions, when the contest was
fully as keen and spirited ?
But, sir, I did not intend and do not intend to
go into the wretched and petty details of the Kan-
sas elections. They have been held up before us,
by both sides in the course of this debate, and
twisted and turned in every imaginable and un-
imaginable way. We have been treated to them
ad nauseam. We have been surfeited with them.
I, for one, am heartily sick and tired of them, and
wish to see or hear of them no more. To a plain,
candid, sensible mind, this whole branch of the
subject lies in a nutshell. The higher law, anti-
slavery, anti-constitutional party in Kansas have
long set all law at defiance, openly unfurled the
banner of treason and revolution, mocked at the
authority of the President and of Congress, re-
fused to enroll themselves on the registers intend-
ed to guard against frauds at the polls, refused
to vote, and still persistently clinging to that off-
spring of fraud and villainy, the so-called To-
peka constitution, will listen to no plan of con-
ciliation or pacification. They would not hear
even the voice of Walker, the charmer, though he
charmed (as he thought) never so wisely. To all
legitimate rule, to all duly constituted authority,
they cry, "Away with it! Away with it!"
They still desire to have "Jim Lane"—the Ba-
rabbas!
On the other side, we have a party who recog-
nize the Constitution and the binding obligation
of the laws; who, in strict compliance with law,
have formed a constitution (closely copied from
the best models of the older States) which they
hold up in their hands and present as their cre-
dentials while they knock for admission into the
family of States.
Between these parties we must decide. Men
of the South, you cannot hesitate between your
own people and friends, and their bitter, uncom-
promising foes. Constitution-loving men of the
North, who have stanchly stood by the South
on the firm rock of the Constitution, while the
mad waves of fanaticism have so often raged in
vain at your feet, will you desert us now ? I again
lepeat, that the question of frauds is a minor one;
one, the testimony concerning which is so con-
tradictory that we have, and can have, no reliable
data upon which to come to a conclusion. I con-
tend that these frauds have certainly not been con-
fined to one party; that, moreover, the lawless,
factious spirit of the Free-Soil party, and their
open rebellion against all constituted authority,
may be justly considered a fair set-olf against the
frauds alleged to have been committed by the other
side; and that the true issue is between the rebel-
lious, anti-constitutional Free-Soil party, with the
Topcka constitution, and the constitutional party,
with the Lecompton constitution, who have com-
plied with all the requirements of law, and who
nave on their side all the sanctions and forms of
law.
A great deal has been said, Mr. Chairman, on
the subject of popular sovereignty as bearing on
the question of the obligation of the convention
to have submitted the constitution framed by them
to the popular vote. It has been urged that no
constitution is valid without such submission;
and this, in view of the pregnant fact that usage
as established in the case of a large number of the
! existing States of the Confederacy, is entirely
against such an opinion. But it is contended tho
acquiescence of the people in such cases has been
' equivalent to a formal indorsement. In one sense
this is true. The acquiescence of a people in any
law marks their approval of it, but its binding
eilectis not derived from such acquiescence. If
the law be unconstitutional, it can be set aside by
judicial process in the mode provided by every
constitution for testing the validity of legislative
enactments. And this, though it be ever so pop-
ular and acceptable to the people. And so, on the
other hand, a law which is not acceptable to tho
people may be changed by their legal representa-
tives in a legal mode. But, in both cases, the law
is valid and complete until set aside constitution-
ally, or legally repealed.
If this be ti ue of a legislative enactment, a mere
i creature of the constitution and subject to it, then,
a priori, the constitution itself—the fundamental,
organic law, which is a law unto itself, supremo
and having nothing higher than itself—must, from
the moment of its adoption (just as in the case of a
legislative enactment) be absolutely operative and
binding- un til altered orabolished in the only legit-
imate and constitutional mode—that prescribed
by itself. If it be not operative from the moment
of adoption, when does its operative force com-
mence in the cases alluded to, where the people,
it is contended, give it its binding force and sanc-
tion by their acquiescence ? How long are we to
wait for the evidence of this assent? If this be
