S88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Miles.
Ho. of Reps.
which does not at present promise to result in any
practical advantage to us, I am willing to stand
by the guns and fightit out. There is at least one
aspect of the question which makes it worth while
for the South to press the Kansas bill through,
even with the proviso alluded to, though in itself
objectionable. It is this: if, even with a universal
belief at the North that Kansas will speedily be-
come a free State, and with a clause in the bill of
admission intended to be employed at the No)th as
an intimation that Congress does not think that
there is any particular difficulty in the way of
making it so, Kansas should still be rejected by
northern votes, it will at least have the effect of
opening the eyes of the southern people to the
startling fact that they have no hope in the future
of maintaining their equality in the Union. It will
compel them to ponder the question whether they
will choose subjugation or resistance,colonial vas-
salage or separate independence.
Mr. Chairman, I am no alarmist. I do not
believe that, in this commercial age, in which
" the jingling of the guinea helps the hurt which
honor feels," revolutions can be lightly effected,
or that they are apt to be effected" upon merely
abstract questions. The provocation to revolu-
tion is cumulative. Each step in itself may be a
small and sometimes almost imperceptible ad-
vance, but it leads on steadily to the end. The
concatenation of causes may not always seem to
have a logical sequence and connection; but the
last, which actually puts in motion the popular
will, carries with ita weight and momentum com-
pounded from the whole tram which preceded it.
The South may not dissolve the Union on the
rejection of Kansas; but such rejection would, as-
suredly, sever still another of the cords—rapidly
becoming fewer—which the course of events has
been snapping one by one. It is impossible for
the most casual observer to have failed to sec
that the South has been becoming more arid more
alienated from her ancient attachment to the
Union; more and more familiarized with the idea
of dissolution; more and more reconciled to the
necessity of, pot haps at no distant day, severing
the copartnership, and commencing business on
her own account. This may be considered a mean
and homely mode of expression in alluding to so
grave a movement; but it is a practical one, and
the American people are preeminently practical—
wo of the South not so much so as our breth-
ren of the North, but st ill sufficiently so to feel that
when a Government, so far from advancing the
material prosperity of a large proportion of the
governed, tends rather to check and retard it; so
far from strengthening and maintaining their con-
stitutional rights, is tending steadily to weaken
and suhvci I them, it is then the part of wisdom, as
well as tine patriotism, to wei^h well the advan-
tages and disadvantages of such Government with
a view, if necessary, of reconstructing or abolish-
ing it. And the South has been for some time
willing the advantages and disadvantages of the
present Confederacy. She has seen the strength
and security and dignity which it gave us among
the older nations of the woild during our infancy
as States. She has not been insensible to the sen-
winent of expanded patriotism which a common
heritage of revolutiotiaiy glory so natuialiy in-
wpned. She has cherished a pride m our common
fla<^; and wherever it has waved in sight of a foe,
on land or sea, her arm has contributed to its suc-
cesses,and her blood been shed in itsdefense. In
the halls of national legislation, in the cabinet, in
the executive chair, she has illustrated the history
of our common country, and contributed in no
small measure to dove lop its resources at home, and
advance its dignity and reputation abroad. There
is scarcely a blight pa^e in that history on which
the names of some of her sons do not stand in liv-
ing letters of light. The South has been truly and
devotedly attached to the Union, but she cannot
worship it with blind devotion and superstitious
attachment. In itspracucal operation, the Union
lias benefited the North at the expense of the
South. Heavy pi otective tariffs have built up the
labor of the North, fostered her industry, and fur-
thered the accumulation of immense amounts of
capital within her boideis. What pecuniary ben-
t-fit has the South derived from Federal legislation?
As a purely agricultural people, her obvious policy
its free trade—the ler^t restriction possible upon
the exchange of her raw products for the manu-
factures of the world. Ana yet such has been the
preponderance of power against her, that in spite
of her most urgent appeals and energetic remon-
strances, she has always failed to have justice ren-
dered her. Her interests have been uniformly dis-
regarded when those of the North stood in con-
flict.
ButI merely glance at this chapter of hergriev-
ances. It is not my purpose, nor is this the occa-
sion, to open it up. It has been the theme which
has often provoked the ablest legislative ability
of her sons, and elicited their most cogent efforts
of reasoning, and effective exhibitions of elo-
quence. South Carolina, through her Calhoun
and McDuffie, has put on record many a power-
ful protest against the iniquitous tariff system
which has so long enriched the North at the
expense of the South. But the South, though at
times restive and impatient, has borne all this;
has submitted to an unequal and onerous taxation,
which has swelled the Federal Treasury only that
its overflow might fall into the lap of the North,
(for it cannot be denied that nine tenths of the
Federal expenditures have inured to the benefit
of the North;) has submitted to see the rich spoils
of wealth and place and power elude her grasp, and
to behold them clutched by her strongei sisters.
But when the question arises whether she will con-
sent to occupy an inferior and degraded position
in the Confederacy; to have a ban set upon her
social institutions, which constitute the essential
foundations of her prosperity, the very life-blood
of her existence; to be excluded from further acqui-
sition of territory, and hemmed within her present
limits, while her co-States, already in a prepon-
derance, are rapidly expanding and acquiring su-
preme and uncontrollable power, she would indeed
be wanting in decent self-respect, would exhibit
a suicidal apathy, were she not gravely to con-
sider whether she can safely and honorably con-
tinue to live under a Government which is being
perverted into an engine for her destruction. That
the anti-slavery sentiment at the North is yearly
increasing, no observant man, it seems to me, can
doubt. The Abolition party in the presidential
election of 3840 polled 7,000 votes; in 1853 it gave
John P. Hale, its candidate, 157,290 votes; in
1856 Fremont received 1,341,812 votes. Tiue,it
may be said that all the votes cast for Fremont
were not Abolition votes; but they were all un-
doubtedly votes opposed to any further extension
of southern institutions.
But I need not go into any sketch of the prog-
ress of the slavery agitation in proof of the fact
that the position of the South is becoming more
and more critical every year. The northern man
who affirms that the opposition to slavery is not
deeper, more bitter and intense at this moment
than it has ever been at any previous period, is
either utterly blind or absolutely dishonest. The
southern man who fails to warn his people that
the political heavens are full of fearful portents;
that the air is heavy with thunder-clouds; and that
the mutterings of the coming storm may be dis-
tinctly heard, is either asleep upon his post, or a
traitor to his section. In view of this condition
of things, Mr. Chairman, can anything be more
natural than that the South should begin to look
about her; to count up her resources; to estimate
her strength; to measure her capacity for taking
care of herself, and of assuming, if driven out of
fhis Confederacy, an independent position among
the nations ? Can she bo reasonably blamed for
doing so? And yet, whenever she looks this last
contingency—certainly not an improbable one—
calmly and boldly in the face, and begins to dis-
cuss n in its great and leading aspects, her ears
are forthwith stunned with the cry of " treason!"
" treason !M and the august and niisrhty shade of
! the Father of his Country is invokr d to rebuke such
J an evidence ofdisloyalty to this "glorious Union. "
j Sir, Washington, with his great, wise heart, and
i cautious judgment, and conservative natuiv, felf
! no compunctions at throwing off his allegiance to
; his King, and subverting a Government which
oppressed his country. He, like ail true patriots,
loved his people more dearly—prized more highly
their happiness and prosperity—than the mere
form of government under which he had been
reared, and which he had been taught to revere.
Revolution, sir, as I have elsewhere said m the
course of my remarks, is a serious thing, a ter-
rible thing. But to noble natures there are things
more serious and terrible than revolutions. Tyr*
anny ancl injustice are worse. The slow, under-
mining process by which the high spirit of a free
people is sapped, their strength destroyed, their
faith in themselves crushed out, their enterprise
checked, their progress paralyzed, is far more
appalling to the true statesman and patriot than
the temporary, though critical, fever of revolu-
tion.
My honored colleague in the Senate [Mr. Ham-
mond] has called forth many denunciatory com-
ments upon his noble southern speech, recently
delivered in his seat, because he has boldly con-
sidered in it the question of southern independ-
encejand contrasted the relative resources and con-
dition of the North and the South, in the event of
a separation. Sir, the argument was as unanswer-
able as it was timely. Such views and consider-
ations must address themselves forcibly to both
sections of the Confederacy. They must make
practical, reflecting men at the North pause and
| hesitate before they compel a disruption of a con-
| nection, the advantages of which are so greatly on
! theirside. And they must make practical, renect-
( ing men at the South, feel that they have a power
, and strength within themselves which ought to
| make them, in very shame, refuse to submit any
i longer to aggression. I desire to call attention to
the following relative statement of the export of
the free and slave States, as speaking volumes in
itself as to the capacity of the South to stand alone
and compete for (what is in this age the pabulum
of nations) the commcrce of the world. If it is
true, as political economists teach us, that the
wealth of a people consists in what they furnish
to the markets of the world—in other words, the
excess of their production over their consumption
—then surely the South is rich; and riches again,
in this age, are strength.
The total exports of produce and manufactures
of the United States for the year ending 30th
June,1857,were $328,985,065. The six New Eng-
land States (with a population of three millions)
exported $30,887,853. The other eight free-labor
States (with a population often millions) exported
$142,963,068. The slave States (with apoptilation
of six and a half millions) exported $165,030,558.
Of this amount, $131,575,859 is the value of the
cotton exported; $90,662,772 the value of the to-
bacco; and $2,290,400 the value of the rice. These
three staples alone amount to $154,429,031, nearly
one half of the entire exports of the country. The
slave labor produce exported from free ports very
largely exceeds the free labor produce exported
fro'm slave ports. As an illustration, take the
fact that the whole value of western produce,
(not all, by the way, the result of free labor,)
pork, lard, wheat, flour, corn, &c., exported from
New Orleans during the period under consider-
|l ation, falls short of $9,000,000; while the slave
labor produce, in the shape of cotton, tobacco,
and rice, exported from New York during the
same period, amounts to nearly $13,500,000. Be-
sides, in making such a comparison as we are in-
stituting, we ought to take into consideration the
exports from the free-labor ports of articles man-
ufactured from slave-labor products. There was
the export, of over $6,000,000 manufactured cot-
ton goods;" $1,500,000 tobacco and snuff; nearly
$270,000 refined sugar; $1,250,000 spirits from
molasseg; making an aggregate ofover $9,000,000
of exports of manufactures dependent solely upon
slave labor.
Bnt, sir, I do not care to dwell on arguments of
this kind. They have been often and elaborate-
ly set forth by far abler hands than mine. They
arc important and valuable; but it is not on a ques-
tion of dollars and cents that the South would dis-
solve the Union. The history of long weary years
of unjust and unequal legislation has sufficiently
proved that point. But when it shall be proved
to the South not only that the scepter has forever
departed from her; that she can never, concur-
rently with the North, rule the common country,
but that she must forever occupy an inferior and
subordinate position; that she can never expand,
never occupy her just share of the common ter-
ritory; that her institutions and civilization are
at the mercy of a sectional majority which toler-
ates them only to the end that her people, as
