1826
THE CONGRESSIONAR GLOBE.
March 25,
and insert" in the Congress ofthe United States,"
so that the section will read:
" That said State shall bo entitled to one Representative
in the Congress of the United States."
Mr. WILSON. The amendment I propose I
■Will read for information. It is to strike out all
after the word "additional,"in line two, and in-
sert other words, so as to make it read:
" Said State shall be entitled to one Representative, and
such additional number of Representatives hereafter as a
census, hereatter to be taken, shall entitle the said State to
have m the Congress of the United States."
The effect of this would be to admit Minnesota
now with one Representative; and if she chooses
to order a new census to be taken, she can do it
as soon as she is admitted, and we give her au-
thority here to have as many additional Repre-
sentatives as that census shall show that she is
entitled to. If she has three hundred thousand
inhabitants, she would be entitled to two addi-
tional Representatives, and she could then elect
those two Representatives and send them to this
Congress, even before its adjournment; and for
the next Congress she could have as many Repre-
sentatives as her population would entitle her to.
I think this is just and fair. I propose to admit
this State with one Representative—all that her
census entitles her to; but in view of the fact that
she has a large fraction, and is increasing very
rapidly, and probably has a larger population than
ber returns show, I am willing to allow her to take
a new census to ascertain precisely what her pop-
ulation is, and to have the benefit of it just as
soon as she chooses to take that census; and give
her the privilege of electing an additional num-
ber of Representatives, one, two, three, or four.
When it shall be in order, I shall move this
amendment, which I think just, liberal, and
fair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish merely
to make a single statement in relation to my vote.
I doubt very much whether any of these amend-
ments will improve the section that we have now
under consideration. The Constitution of the
United States provides, in the organization of the
two bodies, tlnit each House shall be judge of the
election, returns, and qualifications of its own
members. It also provides that each State shall
be entitled to at least one Representative. The
section, as I now understand it in the bill, gives
to the State of Minnesota one Representative, and
it then goes on to provide that she shall be enti-
tled to as many other Representatives as her pop-
ulation shall justify. That settles the whole ques-
tion. The House of Representatives is the arbiter.
It is for that House to determine, and for them to
determine it upon such evidence as will satisfy
the House, what number of members she is enti-
tled to; and, it seems to me, that section, as it
now stands, will not be improved by the amend-
ments proposed. The House of Representatives
must determine the elections, returns, and quali-
fications of its own members. We say, in com-
pliance with the Constitution, that Minnesota
shall have one member certainly, and as many
others as her population may entitle her to; and
it is for the House to determine that question. It
seems to me that the section is better than the
amendments proposed will make it; and for that
reason I shall vote to retain it m its present shape,
and get it through as soon as we can.
While 1 am up, I desire to enter my protest
against a doctrine which may be supposed to be
advanced here in reference to the qualification of
the voters of a State. This Government has no
power under the Constitution of the United States
to fix the qualification of voters in any sovereign
State of this Confederacy. I want to enter my
protest against the doctrine being indulged in or
cultivated to any extent, that this Government
has power to go inside a sovereign State, and pre-
scribe the qualification of her voters at the ballot-
box. It is for the State, and not for this Gov-
ernment, to do that. If the doctrine be once con-
ceded that the Federal Government has the power
to fix the qualification of voters in a State, the
idea of State sovereignty is Utopian. There is
no such tiling as State sovereignty, if this Gov-
ernment can fix the qualification of voters. We
have no right to inquire into it. There are sim-
ply two things to be ascertained here: first, have
we evidence that a State has been formed? second,
have we evidence that it is republican in its char-
acter? These two things being ascertained, every-
thing else is for the State that applies for admis-
sion into the Union.
Mr. MASON. In the amendment that is pend-
ing, which is the one I had the honor to offer yes-
terday, there is no purpose or design to deny or
impair the proper representative weight of thia
new State of Minnesota. All that is designed by
it, and its whole effect, will be to assign to her
the representation to which she will be entitled
according to the Constitution and the laws. All
that is asked by the amendment is, that the Sen-
ate of the United States will not assign political
power to that State in disregard of the Constitu-
tion and the laws—nothing more. If it appeared
that she was entitled to three or to ten Represent-
atives in the other House, I should be the last
man, by any mode whatever, direct or indirect, to
impair her proper power in the slightest degree;
but I do humbly ask, not in my own name, but
in behalf of that State which I represent, and
which has, in common with the other States, a
very deep interest in this question, that the laws
and the Constitution shall be regarded in assign-
ing political power to a State. That is all.
What are the facts? The enabling statute pro-
vided that when Minnesota came into the Union
she should be entitled to one Representative at
any rate—the Constitution assigns that, no mat-
ter what her population may be—and any other
number to which she might appear to be entitled
according to the census ordered by that statute of
1857. That is the law of the land. What have
been the results under that census? It has been
ascertained that the census has been returned from
all the counties, I think, but three; the whole pop-
ulation thus returned amounts to about one hun-
dred and forty-six thousand, and then making
the estimate which gentlemen have chosen to do
for their own information, (I hope not for their
guidance,) of -those counties from which there
were no returns, based upon data given by those
counties from which there were returns, the high-
est population assigned to it by the law is about
one hundred and forty-nine thousand. That is
the fact.
What says the Constitution in this most im-
portant matter of assigning to the States political
power in the Union? The Constitution declares
that that political power shall be assigned in pro-
portion to population. It further declares that
that population shall be ascertained by means of
a decennial census, and the power to be assigned
upon a census thus obtained. It provided for a
census to be taken within three years after the gov-
ernment went into effect, and decennially there-
after. The last regular census was taken in 1850,
a census ordered by law and by the Constitution.
The representative number was then determined,
in the distribution of political power among the
States, to be one for every ninety-throe thousand
four hundred and twenty persons of Federal pop-
ulation; so that there is required by the Consti-
tution a Federal population of ninety-three thou-
sand four hundred and twenty for every Repre-
sentative in the other branch; and the fact shown
here is, that there is but one hundred and forty-
nine thousand, at the outside, of actual population
in Minnesota. What is proposed, then ? That
you shall assign to them political power, not only
unknown to the Constitution, but forbidden by it;
and for what purpose ?
Mr. STUART. With the permission of the
honorable Senator from Virginia, I wish to call
his attention to a single point. Do I understand
him to say that the Constitution of the United
States governs, in this case, in that clause which
provides for the general apportionment of Repre-
sentatives in the House of Representatives for all
the States decennially, and that it is not compe-
tent for Congress, between the time of taking each
decennial census and making the apportionment,
to resort to any other means of information ?
Mr.MASON. Oh, no. I say the Constitution
provided that there should be a decennial census
for the purpose of apportioning representation,
which is the assignment of political power to the
different States; but, inasmuch as there is a power
given to Congress to admit new States, and a pro-
vision that when admitted they shall stand on an
equal footing with the other States, I do not mean
to say that a power cannot be implied for Con-
gress to do what was done in this enabling act,
provide for a census to ascertain how Representa-
tives should be apportioned to such new State in
order to insure to her equality. I do not mean to
deny that power.
Mr. STUART. That was not my question
precisely. It was this: whether, in the admission
of a new State and giving it its representation in
the other House, Congress, in the opinion of the
Senator, is confined to the taking of a census, in
order to define what representation it will give;
or whether it may resort to other means of inform-
ation ?
Mr. MASON. I should say very clearly that
I could entertain no doubt on the proposition of
the honorable Senator from Michigan. Congress
cannot, within the pale ofthe Constitution, assign
to the new State greater relative political weight
than has been assigned to the existing States. I
take that almost to be a truism. Then the Con-
stitution having prescribed the mode of ascertain-
ing the political power to be assigned to each State
in the popular branch, and having made it to rest
on population, and required that population to be
ascertained by a census, it would follow, almost
logically, that it is not in the power of Congress
to give a representation to a new State, when she
comes in, upon any ratio or by any rule except
that of population ascertained under a Federal
census. I should take that to be the true consti-
tutional rule, and that has been done in the pres-
ent case. The law authorizing Minnesota to erect
herself into a State provided for a census and for
the returns; and inasmuch as until that census
was made and an apportionment based upon it,
the actual amount of representation could not be
ascertained, the same statute provided, within
the terms of the Constitution, that she should at
least have one Representative, and any more that
she might appear to be entitled to after the census
was taken. As I have said, the census was taken,
and we are here now to carry out that enabling
statute. What is required of us? That we shall
assign one Representative, or more than one, as
may appear to be the proper quota of the State
upon the census which has thus been taken pur-
suant to the law. That is what we are here to do;
to carry out the enabling statute in good faith,
because that is in conformity to the Constitution.
We are here for the purpose of determining
whether, under the law and the Constitution, this
State is entitled to more than one Representative;
for, of course, she is entitled to at least one. How
are we to do it ? According to the very terms of
the enabling statute, by seeing what her popula-
tion is under the census. We have ascertained it;
and we have ascertained that, although that pop-
ulation entitles her to one Representative, it does
not entitle her to more than one. That is not a
postulate; it is a fact.
Honorable Senators said yesterday, I think,
that we might assign a second Representative, at
least, because of the large fraction. That is un-
known to the law fixing the rule of apportion-
ment. No representation is assigned to a fraction
by the law. It is very true that, in providing for
the representation assigned to a State under the
rule of apportionment by the law of 1850, it was
found necessary, m order to give to some of the
States their due number of Representatives, that
some large fractions should be represented; but
yet that was not by the act of the law assigning
a Representative to the fraction. It was only
assigning the number of Representatives by the
apportionment to belong to the State in propor-
tion to her population, which sometimes would
make a fraction represented. That I understand
to be the exact condition of the apportionment
law. Now, with the fact ascertained by means
of a Federal census that Minnesota is entitled,
under the existing rule of apportionment and
under the Constitution, to but one Representative,
it is not only proposed to make that fraction—less
than the Representative number—the basis of
representation, but to go far beyond it, and to as-
sign to her three instead of one Representative.
And how is this sustained in the debate?
Honorable Senators have said—among them,
the honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr. Polk]
—that we ought to be liberal, inasmuch as this is
a new State, and as population has been pouring
very rapidly into it, and as the exigencies of a new
population would require that the head of the
family (the husband, I suppose, or father) should,
for his convenience, or that of his family, go alone
and stake out his claim, and commence the build-
ing of his cabin; and we are to assign to him not
