2350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
wind would take her beyond that. It is also true
that the same wind bearing the driftings of the
lake, would form a bar which would continue to
expand until that bar was run across the river.
It was a constant formation, and would extend to
the extension of the piers. The Senator may very
well say, therefore, that the work would never be
complete.
At the time this work was commenced ,and I think
for reasons which did not hold in the case, there
was a small village at the mouth of the creek of
Chicago. Nowa£reatcity nasgrown—grown un-
der the expenditure of the Government, making a
harbor where nature had made none,and rendering
labor proiitable at the place, by the heavy expend-
iture the Government has been annually making.
This city has now reached a size which should
render it self-sustaining. I will concur with the
proposition of the Senator, if he will strip it of all
which is outside of the naked proposition, to turn
over all the works at Chicago to the city—the
works which the Government has constructed,
and which have converted a little village on the
lake shore into a great commercial city. Let
them now be turned over to the commercial city.
They hav.e wealth enough to sustain them; they
have interest enough to keep the works in repair,
and replace them when they decay; and the fact
that the* Government has sustained them until
they have reached decay, and sustained them
with such grcatadvantage to thp population there,
and thereabouts, I think would justify us now in
turning the works over to the city, and letting
them take care of them themselves.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It would not be sufficient to
turn the work over to the city, unless you gave us
power to levy tonnage duties upon vessels com-
ing into the harbor. Tt is that nght we want,
when the wotk is turned over to us—the right to
levy on the commerce coming in the expense of
constructing and keeping the It.u bur m repair; but
that right 1 have novo- been able to pi ocin e ii om
tile Congress of thp United States, although f hu\ e
asked for it several times. When (hat shall have
been granted, it will be fully satisfactory to me.
As a citizen and property-owner in Cih'Mgo. I
believe that would be better for the city, although
it is very probable that a large pottion of the cit-
izens think otherwise. That question is not now
pending; the only point is, whether w nhult pre-
serve from destiuction what haslx-en done > Tins
appropriation is not a question of extending or
enlarging the harbor at all.
Mr. DA.V1H. It is an appropriation to preserve
the woik, and that appi opriation, as the Senator
properly says, is to continue foievci, to make re-
pairs or to extend the work; but he says ho is
not willing to accept thewoik as a donation to
tile city of Chicago, though that eny has i^iowu
up upon the woik, unless we also j>ive them tin*
power to lay tonnage duties. That involves a
very wide consideration ; one into winch 1 am not
now able to enter, or I would gladly meet she Sen-
ator's proposition. I will, however, on this oc-
casion, merely say that if, by tonnaae duties* he
means duties on the tonnage of foreign vessels, I
have no objection', but if lie means to lay tonnage
duties upon vessels clearing from some port of
• the United States, and bound for this or other
ports of the United States, then the Constitution
stands in his way—a barrier which he cannot
overcome.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not argue the consti-
tutional question now. If the Senator is right in
that, he de«nmys the only remedy I have been
able to devise for these appropriations by the Fed-
eral Government, i believe lie is wronij on the
constitutional point; and I say it with great re-
spect to lum, because it is not often on a constitu-
tional question that I would express the opinion
that he is wrong. However, 1 will not go into
that question now. I will only add that I do not
think the citv of Chicago has been built up by
these appropriations. We have many individuals
there who each year expend four times as much
money as the Government spends, on their own
privateaccount, in building up thecuy of Chicago.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ysk if the city would ever have
been built up, if a harbor had not been made there
by the Government'
"Mr. DOUGLAS. [ think the city would have
been bant up, 1 believe, if the Government had
never touched our lake harbors, but recognizcd
our tight to make our own and levy a reasonable
tax for them, the lake cities would have been
larger than they now are; but I either want the
right to do it ourselves and tax for it, or else you
must do it. Either allowus to do it, or do ltyour-
seives. But a city must necessarily have grown
up there, whether the Government aided it or
threw obstacles in the way. Nature had marked
it out. A great town was to have grown there,
or in the immediate vicinity.
Mr GWIN. Twenty-three frills have been
reported here for the purpose of keeping in repair
harbors on the Atlantic coast and on the lakes—
none for the Pacific. We had an appropriation,
many years ago, of $30,000 to preserve and pro-
tect the harbor of San Diego. Twenty thousand
dollars more would, probably, complete that work;
but I find here that it is left out entirely in this
list of bills. That is a more important work
than any which has been proposed here, so far as
the protection of an important harbor is con-
cerned. I do not know what induced this partial
legislation on the subject. Not a dollar, except
that amount of $30,000 has ever been appropri-
ated to rivers and harbors on the Pacific coast,
nearly two thousand miles in extent. I think if
we are going to take up one bill here and another
there because it has strength to get votes, we had
better make a system of this matter or lay them
all over. I am opposed to this favoritism, taking
up this point or that, because it has political
strength to pass it through the Senate. ^Ji
Mr. STUART. I wish to say to the friends of
these measures, that if they mean to pass them at
all, those gentlemen who are m favor of them must
not debate them. Now, if we take as much time
on each bill as the Senator from Illinois has taken
on the Chicago bill, they will not get through this
session. I say thereisno constitutional authority
to levy tonnage duties; on that point I agree with
the Smator from Mississippi; hut there is no use
in bringing in these collateral questions. 1 hope
the friends of tin- measures will be content with
voting, Si) far as the Senator from California is
''oncetned, i believe he did not vote to take them
up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If many other fuends of
the-u; measures raise constitutional questions I
shall be compelled to go into the argument. 1
trust my friend will not raise any constitutional
question.
Mr. STUART. I have not raised any consti-
tutional question at all. The constitutional ques-
tion was raised by the Senator from Mississippi;
hut 1 Miyngain, that if these measures are to be
passed, I simply ask their fuends to cdntent them-
selves with voting.
Mr. TOOMBS. { have so often expiessed my
opinion against the constitutionality and expe-
diency of this system called internal improv
tion of the Government. It was granted to Geor-
gia for some thirty years; it was granted to Ma-
ryland. It has been granted, I think, to all the
States that have asked for it I am not aware of
any application of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It has been granted to Ma-
ryland, Georgia, Alabama, Virginia, Pennsylva-
nia, Massachusetts, and to other States.
Mr. TOOMBS. I never knew it refused.
Mr. DAVIS. That has always been in gen-
eral terms, but the exact question, I think, has
never been decided.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am quite certain it is not only
constitutional, but eminently just. The clause of
the Constitution to which the Senator from Mis-
sissippi refers is this:
" No preference shall be given by any regulation of com-
merce or revenue to the poits of one State over those of
another; nor shall vessels bound to or from one State be
obliged to enter, clcar, or pay duties in another."
Mr. DAVIS. That is the clause.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator will perceive that
this applies as well to the foreign as to the coast-
ing trade; m fact, in terms it applies to the for-
eign trade, because the expression is 44 pay du-
ties;" and we do not pay duties in going from
one port to another in the United States. Ton-
nage duties may as well be levied upon the coast-
ing trade as upon the foreign trade. The next
/clause to which I shall advert is:
" No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any duty or' tonnage, keep tioopp, or ships of war in time of
peace, enter into any agreement or compact with another
State, or with a foreign Power, oi engage in war, unless
actually invaded, or m such imminent danger as will not
adnut of delay."
I say here is express authority to lay tonnage
duties on the entire tonnage, foreign and domes-
tic, that comes into the ports of any State, with
the consent of Congress. It is a negative preg-
nant: the Constitution expressly declares that the
States shall not lay such tonnage without the con-
sent of Congress. Of course, with the consent of
Congress, tonnage duties may he laid on foreign
and domestic tonnage; and the other clause does
not conflict with it. This is the construction given
to it by all commentators, even by the Federal-
ists, as well as by the more stringent and more
accurate school to which the Senator fiom Mis-
sissippi and myself belong. 1 may illustiate it.
There is a port, or a hole m the lake, which has
been made by Government money, m Indiana,
called Michigan City. We tried to make a har-
bor there; but natuie seems to be too powerful
even for Congress. If a vessel was bound from
Buffalo for Michigan City, which is near Chi-
cago, this clause would prohibit the paying of
duties at Chicago. It means that a vessel bound
to Richmond or Baltimore shall not be compelled
to enter, clear, or pay duties, at Norfolk, because
ments, that I do not intend to say anything now ;i that would be giving an advantage to the poitsof
but for a point which, I think, was, upon a former ;; one State over t hose of anot her, 11 means nothing
occasion, started by the Senator from Michigan, !
and which the Senator from Mississippi has, I i
thmk, very unwittingly dropped into. I think, i
by a simple rending of Hie Constitution, he will j
find that there is no such distinction as lie takes I
between foreign and domestic vessels, and there i
is no soundness at all in the argument of the Sen--!
aior fiom Michigan, who holds the doctrine j
\vider than the Senator trom Mississippi. There I
is an expiestf authority in the Constitution for j
tonnage duties to bo levied by the States by the j
consent of Congress, and one of the great objects j
of the Constitution was to prevent there being a |
preference given to the ports of one State over j
those of another State. 1 am quite sure the at- j
tention of the Senator from Mississippi has not |
been called to one clause of the Constitution, or [
he would not have made the distinction he sup- ;
posed to exist between foreign and domestic ves- .
sels. 1
Mr. DAVIS. Th" Senator from Georgia has ;
entirely misapprehended my design. The clause
to which [ refeired is one of those clauses which ;
mailt the great puipose of the Union: to estab- |
hsh free trade between the States, and which de- i
clares—I cannot quote tSie language—that no State !
shall be bound to pay duties in the poits of an-
otil**r State.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have it befoie me, and I .
think the Senator will find that he is entnely mis-
taken in his distinction. This power is, in my j-
judgment, unquestioned and unquestionable. It
has been exercised occasionally since thefounda- i1
else. If a vessel leaves Buffalo for Michigan City,
it would be unconstitutional to compel her to clear
or pay duties or enter at Chicago; but, if she was
intended for Michigan City, the Government
could allow the State of Indiana to lay tonnage
duties, under the express grant of the-Constitu-
tion. This is a vci y lmpoi tant principle, and it
lies at the bottom of this whole question. The
enemies of tonnage duties are the friends of this
presentsvstcm. The Senator from Michigan, and
those who want to levy money out of the public
Treasury for their local improvements, have been
the stern advocates of restriction upon the power
of Congress to let them tax themselves. I submit
that it is an entire misapprehension of this clause
— its object or its words. The language is clear:
"• Nor shall vessel bound to or fiom one 3uue be obliged
to enter, clear, or pay, duties in auotlsci
You shall not divert a vessel from her voyage;
you shall not compel her to enter, e'ear, or pay
duties in any port, unless she is bound for it.
You cannot divert her from her voyage for the
benefit of a State. Tiiut, however, does not limit
the clear express power to lay tonnage duties
with the consent of Congress. It is as broad as
the word tonnage. It includes foreign and do-
mestic vessels. It was so construed by our fath-
ers immediately after the Revolution. Then this
power was planted constantly for the purpose of
keeping up lights, and it ought to be done now,
for among the greatest abuses m this Government
is the light-house system. Tonnage duties were
onginallylaidforthepurpose,amoxigotherthings,
