1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of keeping up lights; but now the-Government
keeps up the light-house system itself. It is one
of those devices under this Government by which
the commercial classes throw the burdens of their
business upon agriculture. England is frequently
referred to as a bugbear to our ho nest, republican
citizens, and they are told of its extravagance, its
abuses, its class legislation. Why, sir, in Eng-
land every dollar of the light-house expenses are
paid by the owners of the ships, on the principle
that every class of society ought to bear the le-
gitimate burdens of its own business. In that
weil-go.verned country—infinitely better governed
in all these respects than our own—that is the
rule. Its wisdom and its justice are apparent
throughout its whole legislation so far as the
rights of the different classes and interests of that
country are concerned, and we should be wise in
many of these respects to imifate her example.
Our vessels going into Liverpool pay heavy light
duties, but her vessels coming here pay none, be-
cause, under our treaties, her vessels come in upon
the same footing with our own. While she
charges every vessel that enters her ports two or
three hundred dollars for light dues, we "charge
them nothing.
This results from the fact that in the active and
enterprising cities, where there are newspapers,
the commercial classes, who have been alert from
the beginning, have, by every possible means,
endeavored to levy outof the common Treasury,
to levy out of the agriculturist, to levy out of
the mechanic, to levy out of the shopkeeper, the
expenses of their own business. It is not strange
that they should—such has always been the case
with mankind. There never was, from the be-
ginning of the world, and there never will be to
to its latest generation, a time when any given
class of society will not plunder the jest if "they
can. That is the law of our nature. It is our
business, as the representatives of all interests, to
hold the scales even, to do exact justice to every
class m the community, no matter what it pur-
sues. Our Government goes on more rapidly 111
this downward career as these influences are more
concentrated. You pay for lights. You persuade
the ignorant people all over the Union that these
expenses, being increased on commerce, fall on
the goods. Well, lei them stare at the right place,
and take their chances afterwards.
The light-house system is one illustration, the
postage system is another. For the last six or
eight years we have paid out of the Treasury a
large portion of the expenses of rite Post Office
establishment. We have heaid gentleman m the
Senate and House of Representatives declaiming
most patriotically about economy and retiench-
ment and extravagance; and we have had laid
on our tables, this morning, a biil to borrow
$15,000,000, in addition to the $20,000,000already
bonovvod at tiiis session, Geutlemeri here hope
to escape the consequences of their legislation by
putting it upon the Administration. Well, sir, I
am not prepared to defend the Administration in
any of its extravagance, any more than the Sen-
ate. In all these matters it is my object to dis-
e charge mv duties as a Senator; and I must say
thatit does notstnke me that they have done their
* duty in the retrenchment of the public expendi-
tures, and I cannot but hold those here, who are
squandering public money on unnecessary ob-
jects, to some accountability. It does not lie in
the mouths of men here to complain of loans, to
complain of the want of money. When they come
to creating offices, and expending mon-y from the
puhijc Treasury, they are, as they call it, liberal.
There is no meanness,''* no " narrow-mmd-'d-
ness" in their votes: but they comnlam of the
Government when asking for the means to carry
out these votes. You appi opriate eighty, or ninety,
or one hundred millions in a year, and you ex-
pect the Secretaiy of the Treasury to pjy the
money. He cannot do it, and he comes to you
for a loan. He cannot cieate money; lie cann :t
laise money; he cannot make a tax tow; he can
lew no money, he can get none except what is
raised bylaw. The legislative department makes
the appropriations. The Executive portion of the
Government is responsible for.every dollar of its
own estimates, and nofmihcr. When Confess
undertakes to appropriate money beyond that, it
is responsible. It is responsible, also, to the coun-
try for voting bad estimates of the Departments,
because it is the duty of the Senate and House of
Representatives to cut down improper estimates,
and it will not do for Congress to make improper
appropriations, and then, with a view of getting
votes, attack the Administration for asking for
money. My object is to refuse such appropri-
ations as are improperly asked for by the Govern-
ment, and to limit it to those that are necessary.
That is the only true road to economy. It cannot
be arrived at in any other way.
We are asked in these bills for some three and
a half millions; and we shall be asked this year
foraboutsix millions, to maintain the postage sys-
tem. For sixty years the Post Office Department
supported itself. That was founded upon an emi-
nently just principle, that wherever you can put
the burden upon the person benefited, it ought to
be done; it ought not to be dispersed over the whole
community, or taken outof the public Treasury.
In the Post Office, you can apportion the burden
according to the benefit. At first, you charged
enough postage on letters to meet the expense
of the Department. Lately, under the delusion,
under the folly well known to those who adopted
it, that reducing the rates of postage would so in-
crease the cuirespondence as to increase the rev-
enues to a large extent, you reduced the rates, and
commenced by voting a few hundred thousand dol-
lars out of the Treasury to the Post Office Depat t-
ment as compensation for the ftee matter; and, at
this session, you aie asked to <jive six millions to
that Department. I remember that my honorable
friend from Vermont, [.Mr. Collaairr.,] when he
was at the head of thar Depaitment, which I will
say he managed with signal ability and integrity,
recommended a raisin"; orshe postage to an amount
which would bo adequate to maintain the esiab
hshment, and he used aU legunnato means for
restraining it within proper limits, giving cdl the
facilities possible consistent wall the gicat idea
of us maintaining itself.
We are to spend tins year six millions on the
Post Oifice Department. These river and harbor
bills propose to appropriate three or four millions
more, and we are to pay one and a half million
for light-houses, making about twelve millions
for these items of expenditure, the greater portion
of which were absolutely unknown until the last
few years of the Republic. Many of these im-
provements are important to the country, and the
expense of them ou^ht to be levied unon the com-
merce which they benefit. It is but just and fair
and constitutional that commerce should support
its own burdens. If it wants better water, if it
wants greater safety, it is able to pay for it,and
ought to pay, and the expanse should not be lev-
ied upon the agriculturist, or the other great in-
dustrial classes of the country. For this reason,
this clause of the Constitution allows the States
to levy tonnage duties, with the consent or* C<>n-
gi ess, and an eai ly instance of the exercise of the
power is to be found in the case of my own State,
which, for the purposeof removing wrecks in the
Savannah river, was allowed to lay tonnage duties
for many yen>*s. Since I have been a member of
Congress, t know a bill passed the other House
allowing the State of .Maryland to lay tonnage
duties, to minrove the Patjpsco nvei. I know
that the friends of internal improvements, those
men who wanted to levy money outof the public
Tteasmy for their local improvements, have op-
posed the exercise of this power. The Senator
from Michigan docs not want it. Since I have
been in both branch* s of Congress, I have never
known a sturdy applicant for public morn-y to
cjrry on internal impiovements that was not op-
posed to the exercise of this power. I know the
Senator from Illinois has,trom time to time,^aid
it was a better scheme; and, I believe, rn a letter
to a portion of the people of the Untied States,
which I "very highly approved, lie suggested a
plan of this «kmd,and it was talked about in
newspapers; but I do not think it ever made its
appearance m the Senate.
Mi. DOUGLAS. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. Theie have been two votes on it by yeas
and nays in this body, when it was brought for-
ward Oil my motion.
Mr. TOOMRS. It escaped me.
Mi. DOUGLAS. The Senator had not the
good fortune to be here at the time.
Mr. TOOoBS. 1 very mueh regret that the
proposition was defeated; but if you will look to
those yeas and nays, 1 warrant you you can spot
a greater number of the friends of these improve-
ments put of the Treasury among its opponents*.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Undoubtedly. .. r .
Mr. TpOMBS. They do not want the power.
If you levy the expense out of the commerce of a;
single place, Chicago or Savannah, the shipping
interest will pay the burden—the men who getthe
benefit. That would be the correct principle; let
those who go over the bridge pay the tolj; let
those who travel on the railroad pay the, fare,.
These gentlemen know very well that by the p4"©s#-
ent system they are levying money out of the
pockets of people who get no directadvantage, to
put in their own; and that is the reason they want
no such power. It'is one of the means by which
enterprising persons combine together in order to
take money out of the pockets of the whole peo-
ple and'appropriate it to their individual and local
uses.
Now, sir, with reference to these improvements;
the Senate expressed a very strong inclination
that these bills should be returned from the Com-
mittee on Commerce. Our chairman sent to the
Departments, and from my experience of- them,
for thirteen or fourteen years I was amazed at
their moderation. They sent us these propositions
as necessary to preserve certain improvements. I
think they did not embrace more than half the
cases for which moneys have been appropriated
heretofore; but I have no doubt, before you get
through you will take the list of the last Congress,
and there is not one of them that will not stand on
the same great grounds of reason #nd justice as
the bill before the Senate. I recollect that there
were some curious disclosures about these matters
before the committee. A Senator from one State,
who wanted an improvement, came before the
committee, and amongst the evidence which he
presented in support of it was, that unless a cer-
tain improvement was made, the wharf property
of a certain very rich man in the State of New
York, to the amount of $800,000, would be de-
stroyed. This man, who has wharf property at Os-
wego to the amount of $>800,000 comes down here
and says, " hurry out ofthe public Treasury your
moneys for the purpose of protecting my proper-
ty." I have no doubt that if we could get at the
truth we should find that nine tenths of these im-
provements are stimulated by the same kind of
personal interest. As far as my inquiries have
gone, interest is the life-blood of these applica-
tions. Improvements are made for the benefit of
owners of wharf property, owners of town sites,
who desire to build up towns by spending among
themselves the public money.
On a former occasion, waiving the question of
constitutionality, which I had before very thor-
oughly discussed, I presented an issue upon the
jusu.-e and equality of this scheme. I gave upon
that occasion an illustration that is simple, clear,
unanswered, and, in my judgment, unanswer-
able. I took the <Siate of Georgia. We had no
river fiom oar northwestern boundary to the
coast. Nature had denied us even an imperfect
communication. Lands were worth very little,
because their products could not get to market.
Thote was no stimulant for labor, because the
avails of labor were worthless. The State of
Georgia levied out of the people of the Slate
£>5.000,000, to build the most expensive, and what
was then supposed to be the least paying por-
tion of a radroad, to the coast. When we levied
this tax out of our peoole we did not make the
work free to those who carried produce over it;
but there was a tax, a toil, a freight put upon
passengers and produce, at such a rate as in time
would reimburse the puohc for their expenditure;
and then by individual enterprise, it was contin-
ued to Savannah, to the sea-coast, a distance of
four hundred and thirty eight miles. Did the
Government of the United States gives us any
aid? Our people were poor; their industry was
unproductive; but inasmuch as nature had denied
us even an inwrfect communication, instead oi
aiding us at all, yoa charged us at the rare of
^1.500 a nv.ie for duty on railroad iron. You put
that burden on us m order to get our own provis-
ions to sea and to market, and.yougave the money
to those who had such magnificent highways as
the North river and the Mississippi and its trib-
utaries. Was there justice in it._ Was there jus-
tice to any agricultural community that their ef-
forts should be thus burdened ? Nature had given
us no communication, and we had to make one
entirely artificial for ourselves. The Government,
