1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1327
only what he counts numerically in the popula-
tion, but we are to assign to him, not his fam-
ily, but his conjectured family, and make them
a portion of the population of Minnesota. This
idea was first introduced here, according to my
recollection, in the case of California. I remem-
ber that an honorable Senator then, but not now
a member of this body, sought to establish that
rule in fixing the representation of California.
There had been no census there whatever. They
did not give us time to make a census. Califor-
nia came and presented herself here, asking for
admission under a constitution formed in a hurry
by the act of the people, without any form of law,
except the proclamation of a military officer of
the Federal Government, and said, through those
who represented her on this floor, " from the cir-
cumstances attending the population of Califor-
nia, we have a right to infer that she has a popu-
lation of atleasttwohundred thousand"—a wilder
conjecture, I think, than seems to be made in the
case of Minnesota, but still a conjecture; and one
honorable Senator said we are not only to esti-
mate those who are in pedis possessio of Califor-
nia, but we are to take it for granted that every
man who went from the Atlantic States to Cali-
fornia left a family behind him, and that it is his
purpose to take them there; and that in estimat-
ing the population of California, we are to ascribe
to it this conjectural population which the emi-
grants left at home!
What is the difference between what was said
there and what is said here, and what is the dif-
ference between that suggestion as a basis of our
action here in assigning political power, and that
which falls from the Senator from Missouri? He
says that many—I do not know how many, nor
does he know; but a conjectural number—of those
who intend hereafter to settle in Minnesota, have
gone there and made preparations by staking out
their claims, I believe is the western phrase, and
by beginning to build a cabin, and that we are to
presume they left behind them wives and chil-
dren who, because they are to follow after them
at some time, we are to estimate now as a portion
of the population of that State. If I were allowed
to conjecture, with certainly far less information
of the character of the population there than the
honorable Senator possesses, I should say that
the chances are in going to one of those remote
Territories, and Minnesota is a very remote one
from the Atlantic States, that the larger portion
of the population who go there are men who have
no families,young men with little more than health
and enterprise and their brawny arms, to make
their way in life—the very best part of our pop-
ulation, but the very men who have not yet had
it in their power to incur the responsibilities of a
family. I may be wrong in this conjecture, but
it would seem to be at least as probable as that
of the honorable Senator from Missouri, or those
■who think with him.
But be that as it may, when this Government
is little more than three fourths of a century old,
whose only stability can be hoped for in a regard
to the written compact on which the Government
reposes, are we, at this day, in so important a
matter as assigning political power to the States,
to depart from the Constitution, and to base it
upon wild and reckless conjecture, a conjecture
which may be right, but which in all probability
is utterly wrong ? Why, sir, see how it would
work. If we have the right to assign three mem-
bers in the House of Representatives to Minne-
sota, what earthly security have we that under an
excitement which may exist in the country, actu-
ating a majority here to carry a political act, they
would not assign to a new State ten or twenty
members to attain a political object ? Sir, there
is no curb but the Constitution, and if you depart
from that, we have not the guarantee of a day for
the stability of this Government.
Other Senators have said that there are evi-
dences before them, or perhaps by written com-
munications from that country, that this census
was imperfectly taken; that, m many instances,
the officers refused to take it at all, because they
were not satisfied with the compensation;and that,
at best, in a new country, it is a difficult thing to
get an exact census. I agree to this. It is a dif-
ficult thing anywhere to get an exact census. We
know that whenever the decennial apportionment
of representation comes before either House, a
struggle is made by the different sections of the
country, and by different States, to get more of
the political power of the country, by all sorts of
reasoning, which will shield them from the re-
strictions of the law. It is familiar to those who
were here in 1850, that the complaint was; from
every State exactly such as is made here now from
the State of Minnesota. In some instances it was
said that frauds were practiced, in other instances
it was said that there was such looseness that no
kind of regard ought to be paid to the census; and
I remember very well that we were importuned
to listen to these evidences that satisfied the par-
ties interested, to depart from the census and as-
sign to them a larger share of political power than
the census would give them. We did not do it;
but we had exactly the same right and the same
inducements, and we had precisely the same re-
sponsibilities, to refuse it then which should bind
us to refuse it now.
The States of this Confederacy were intended
to be equal. It is stipulated for in the Constitu-
tion, and I would pray and implore Senators not
to depart from that equality which alone can make
the condition of this Government tolerable, or to
be endured.
I say again, with perfect candor and frankness,
that I have no design or wish, nor is it contem-
plated by the amendment I have offered, to de-
prive this State of any portion of her due politi-
cal weight in the Confederacy; but I would most
earnestly remonstrate against assigning to her
that which she is not only not entitled to, but
which the law and the execution of the law show
that she is not entitled to. I differ altogether with
the Senator from Georgia and the Senator from
Tennessee, that we can get at the proper repre-
sentation of this State by leaving the clause as it
stands in the bill now, thereby assigning it to the
House of Representatives. Sir, the House of
Representatives has no power over the subject;
none under the Constitution; none under any ex-
isting law. The honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, and I think the honorable Senator from
Georgia, also, referred to that clause of the Con-
stitution which makes each House the exclusive
judge of the election, returns, and qualifications
of its members, and drew from that clause the
power, in the House of Representatives, to de-
termine what should be the number of the Rep-
resentatives from Minnesota if the second section
shall be allowed to stand in the bill. I deny that
absolutely. What is to be determined under the
second section of this bill? Anything affecting
the election of a member? Anything affecting
the return of a member? Anything affecting the
qualifications of a member? Certainly not. What
is to be determined under that clause, whether
it be done by law or by the House of Represent-
atives separately, is, what shall be the number of
Representatives of the State of Minnesota?—a
question not affected either by the election, the
return, or the qualification. The point is, what
shall be the number, and what does the Consti-
tution say ? The Constitution says the number
shall be fixed by law. I would therefore say, as
the best construction I can place on a very equiv-
ocal provision, that if the clause remains as it now
is, it will be found that Minnesota is entitled to
but one member, not by the express declaration
of the law, but by implication and by construc-
tion, because none but the law can assign the
number that shall belong to any State.
I have said in good faith that I have no desire
in the world to put a straw in the way of the ad-
mission of Minnesota into the Union as a State.
I am satisfied that the objections I have made, are
objections founded upon constitutional faith be-
tween the States. If it is departed from, by as-
signing to this State more than she is shown to
be entitled to under the census act and the rule
of apportionment, it will be a departure from the
Constitution, at the expense of all the other States
of the Confederacy. I can, under no circum-
stances, vote to admit a State with that undue as-
signment to her of political power in Congress.
It will be with great regret that I shall feel myself
compelled to vote against the admission of this
State, because, in my judgment, it would involve
an absolute departure from the faith, as well of
the law, as of the Constitution. The effect of my
amendment only, is to assign to her one member:
to fix by law the representation that she shall
have, and to fix it at one member, because, as I
construe the law and the execution of the law—I
mean the ccnsus act—it is shown that she is en-
titled to but one. At last, what practical result
is attained by insisting upon more? We shall
have another general census within two years.
Then the political power to be assigned to Min-
nesota will be ascertained, as it will be for all the
States, by anew apportionment under a new cen-
sus, and at last she will be entitled to exactly the
same political weight relatively in the Confed-
eracy that is assigned to all the other States, as
based on representation, with this advantage, if
it be an advantage, that belongs to her position,
that her population is increasing, I understand,
rom the emigration there, every week and every
month, giving to her in the estimate of popula-
tion that has been made, advantages that cannot
be given to the other States, no matter what their
population has been, or what increase may have
taken place in their population since 1850; and, I
doubt not, in agreat many of them there has been
a large increase since that time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry of the Senator from Virginia if he will
permit me to do so. '
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. In 1843, after
Congress had passed a law, or rather issued a
mandamus to each State to lay off the State into
congressional districts, many of the States refused
to do so, but proceeded to elect their Represent-
atives by general ticket, in violation of the law.
They presented their credentials to the House of
Representatives, and the House determined that
they should take their seats, that body having the
power to do so-under the clause of the Constitu-
tion making it the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its members. That is a fact;
and it does seem to me that the Senator from Vir-
ginia has made an unanswerable argument in favor
of the provision of the bill as it now stands. First,
the Constitution gives to each State one member,
• without reference to the number of her population.
Next comes in this provision of the enabling act.
That is the law of the case. Itgives to Minnesota
one Representative, and as many more as she can
show herself to be entitled to under the Federal
census. The law, as it now stands upon the
statute-book, fixes the ratio at ninety-three thou-
sand four hundred and twenty, and each State is
entitled to one member of the House of Repre-
sentatives for every ninety-three thousand four
hundred and twenty Federal population that it
contains. The House of Representatives is the
proper tribunal to determine that question. The
ratio being fixed by law, when the members pre-
sent themselves it is for the House of Represent-
atives to determine whether the State is entitled
to as many as claim admission. I thank the Sen-
ator for the argument—for I think it is an unan-
swerable argument-—in favor of the provision as
it stands.
Mr. MASON. I should feel very reluctant to
give a different version to the very feeble argu-
ments which I have endeavored to advance here
in opposition to the views taken by the honorable
Senator from Tennessee. If the reasons that I
adduced to show that the House of Represent-
atives has no power to construe this law have
satisfied him of the reverse of the position that
I endeavored to show, I most certainly leave him
in possession of that^pmion; for I shall not en-
deavor to go over the ground again. It may be,
and I believe it is, historically true that the law to
which he alludes that was passed by Congress
under the clause of the Constitution giving powef
over the subject, was disregarded by the House
of Representatives; but I do not see how that ad-
vances the honorable Senator one step in his ar-
gument. What he has to show is tins: that there
is any power in the House of Representatives to
construe that law. The law gives one Represent-
ative, and no more—I mean the section which I
propose to strike out. It provides that if, at a
future day underthe census, it shall be found that
it is entitled to more, more shall be given—given
how ? Ey the House of Representatives ? Cer-
tainly not. Given by law; a law ascertaining the
fact, and a law fixing the number on the fact.
The objection is that the law does not do it, and
there is no tribunal to which it is referred to as-
certain it. The clause says that the State shall
have one Representative, and as many more as,
under existing laws, she may appear entitled to
by the census. Who is to ascertain it? The
