1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
35th Cong....1st Sess.
An Appeal to Patriots—Mr. Burlingame.
Ho. of Reps.
"hewers of wood and drawers of water," may
minister to its prosperity—then, X believe, she
will imitate the example of our revolutionary
sires, and take her destinies into her own hands.
The South is often accused of an over-sensitive-
ness on the subject of slavery—of being morbidly
irritable upon it. And, sir, would it be strange
if she were so? Is she not perpetually taunted, re-
viled, sneered at, by hundreds of northern presses,
northern pulpits, and northern orators? Is she
not held up to ridicule and contempt, to scorn and
execration, in every conceivable mode and on
every possible occasion ? But when a southern
man, with a natural, and one would think pardon-
able, indignation, resents and repels with warmth
these unjustifiable attacks, he is requested to
" keep cool;" not to be " excited;" and dubbed " a
fire-eater" if he cannot practice the injunction of
philosophical equanimity! I come hereasanew
member, just initiated into public life, and what
are some of the first things I hear on this very
floor ? I hear a man venerable in years, one of the
oldest members of this House, one who has sat
here year after year, and heard the calumnies
against the South exposed and refuted—1 hear
him, upon whose hoary head the snows of many
winters rest,and which should have softened his
asperity and filled his heart with kindness and
benevolence—I hear him, a man known to be
tottering upon the brink of the grave, denounce
his southern brethren with a bitterness and vehe-
mence that seemed almost to be intended as an in-
centive to servile insurrection, and to fire the mid-
night torch of the incendiary. He tells us that
the slave of the South has no protection; that lus
owner may scourge him to death with impunity.
Sir, he ought to have known that this is not true.
It was only this morning that one of my col-
leagues [Mr. Bonham] mentioned to me casually
in conversation, that he had himself, while State
solicitor, convicted two men of the murder of their
slaves, for which they had suffered the extreme
penalty of the law.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman permit
me for a moment?
Mr. MILES. If I have misstated the gentle-
man, and he desires to correct me, I will; other-
wise, not.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I most respectfully ask the
gentleman from South Carolina if he intends to
deny the assertion which I made in regard to the
safety of slaves? If he does, let him point it out,
and I will convict him by their own recoid.
Mr. MILES. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that there is no protection for the slave in
the South ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I understood the gentleman
to deny the liability of a slave to be slain by his
master. If the gentleman docs deny that, i ask
him to state it definitely.
Mr. MILES. I definitely and emphatically
deny that with us a master can slay a slave with
impunity. The fact I just stated is a complete
answer on that point. But, Mr. Chairman, my
time has almost expired, and I cannot yield fur-
ther. Besides, sir, nothing that I can say could
touch the gentleman's conscience or reach his rea-
son. I was contending, sir, that in this great sec-
tional contest—in this, as 1 believe, irreconcilable
quarrel—it was natural that the South should be
sensitive. Her honor is involved; and he who
does not feel that the honor of States should be
as jealously guarded as that of individuals, shows
no more sagacity as a statesman than he exhib-
its ardor as a patriot. The great dramatist, who
sounded all the depths of human nature, gives
utterance to a sentiment as wise as it is noble
when he makes Hamlet say—
" Kigljtly to be great
Is, not to stir without great argument,
But greatly to find quarrel in a straw
When honor :s at the stake."
Let the South then set her house in order, col-
lect her strength, prepare for whatever fate has in
store for her in the future, with faith in herself,
and calm self-confidence. She is strong; let her
be wise. She has many interests, not antagonis-
tic; let her unite and harmonize them. She lias i
untried resources; let her develop them. Let her I
cultivate fraternal union within her borders. Let
past dissensions among her sons be forgotten.
Let them ignore petty issues and stand shoulder
New Sekies—No. 19
to shoulder in her defense. With distracted coun-
sels, she is at the mercy of her enemies. With a
united people, she will be invincible. Possessing
within herself every element of greatness, pros-
perity, and strength, with an immense territory
and fertile soil, producing a staple which shapes,
in no small degree, the commerce of the world,
which the world can never again do without, and
which it is scarcely possible that any other por-
tion of the globe can ever successfully compete
with her in producing; with such a relation be-
tween capital and labor as gives the best assur-
ance of political conservatism and social stability,
she is prepared to fulfill her mission and occupy a
foremost place among the Powers of the earth.
She may do this in the Union if allowed her due
expansion and development. If necessity com-
pels her, she can and will do it independent and
alone.    
AN APPEAL TO PATRIOTS.
SPEECH OF HON. A. BURLINGAME,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
March 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole ori the
state of the Union—
Mr. BURLING A.ME said:
Mr. Chairman: It has been shown, in the great
debate which we have had, that the people of Kan-
sas never authorized the Lecompton constitution;
that they never made it; that they never ratified
it; that it does not reflect their wit!. It has been
shown that the first Legislature was a fraud; that
the second was a fraud; that test oaths and gag
laws were put upon the people, so that they
could not vote; that then they were held respons-
ible for the crimes of those who did; that when
they were persuaded to vote, they were cheated;
that when nobody voted, returns were made as if
from populous regions. It has been shown that
the honesty of the officers of the Government, who
tried to stay the hand of these frauds, was con-
sidered an offense by the Government. It has
been shown that the people have been menaced
in their property and their lives; that armies were
sent there to vote them down, or to shoot them
down, and without authority of law. It has ap-
peared that the men who did these things were
held dear by the Government, and that they are its
officers to-day. It has been shown that, through
all this time, that devoted people has held itself in
such an attitude as to win not only the respect of
the people of the United .Stales, but the respect of
the officers of the Government who have been
sent, from time to time, to persuade or to subdue
them to the policy of tiie Government.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is not my purpose here
to-day to go over the history of Kansas affairs;
that has been done, as the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Miles] has just now well said,
sufficiently. Every fact has been stated; every
principle has been argued. Day by day we have
urged ourcause with all the zeal of men who know
they are right. Eveiy fact has been mot on the
other side by some daring and insolent assump-
tion; every argument with scornful sneers which
no man can answer. When we have offered to
prove facts, the will of the people of the United
States, as reflected by the Representatives upon
this floor, has been baffled by parliamentary tac-
tics. Yes, you who belong to the party that went
behind the great seal of New Jersey, as my elo-
quent friend from Indiana [Mi'.Colfax] very truly
said, you who go behind the certificates of the
Governors of Ohio and Maryland, when the in-
terests of a whole people arc at stake and fraud is
charged,you sayyoueannotgo behind the record;
you say that you are estopped; you say " it is so
nominated in the bond;"you refuse to investigate,
and propose speedily to force upon the people of
Kansas a constitution never made by them. Yes,
you who say, with us, that the people are the
source of power; you, who say that power should
flow forth from the people into practical govern-
ment oil the line of their desires; you,w ho shouted
your great radical rule of Democracy in the ears of
the country—Buchanan at your head—to be this:
that inasmuch as the people are sovereign, inas-
much as that sovereignty cannot be alienated by
them in such a manner that it cannot be resumed
when the safety of the people shall require it,,
therefore it is for them to determine at wfiatjim6 _
and in what manner they will change their fund-
amental law; that was your radical rule ofj)emoc-
racy. It is now pronounced Dorrism by the De- •
mocracy on this floor. You planted your rule in
opposition to the rule of the other great school of
the country; which rule was stated most clearly
by Mr. Webster, in the great Rhode Island case,
to be this: he said that the will of the majority
must govern; that it was as potent as the will of .
the Czar of Muscovy, when it was legally ascer-
tained. But how will you ascertain it? said lies
it must be ascertained by some rule prescribed by
previous law. That rule, the fierce Democracy
denounced as the rule of tyranny.
Well, sir, here we have a case where even the
requirements of that rule have been met by the
people of Kansas. Their will was collected le-
gally, by a legal Legislature; and it appears that
their will, by ten thousand majority, is against
yourLecompton constitution; and yet, in the face
of that declaration, you come forward as a party,
and propose to force that constitution, in defiance
of your own rule of Democracy, in defiance of the
Federal rule, upon that people; ay, sir, worse than
that—you declare, through the hps of your bold-
est ana ablest leader, through the lips of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
through the lips of men upon this floor, through
the lips of the gentleman who has but just taken his
seat, if I understood him, that it involves a ques-
tion of union ordisunion. I agree with the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Miles,] who said
that wc might as well meet this question now. I,
for my part, am ready to meet it now. I accept
the issue which is tendered. I accept it the more
eagerly in the presence of this menace. A Rep-
resentative of the people would be craven, did he
shrink from his duly in the presence of such a
threat as that. What, you dissolve this Union
because you cannot have your own wild will! You
dissolve this Union because the Lecompton consti-
tution, born of fraud and violence, is legally voted
down in this House ! Has your nationality no
better quality than that? Ilow will you do it?
Who is to do it > Whose hand is ready to strike
thefirstblow? Where is yourarmy chest? Where
your battalions to cope with the people of this
country? You cannot do it. It would be wrong
to do it. It would not be legal. Itwouldnotbe
safe to do it, T tell you, that on the banks of the
Santee it would require no Federal Army to sub-
due rebellion.
The descendants of Sumter and of Marion, as
their fathers struck down the Tory spirit iu the
brave days of old, would quell the spiritof rebel-
lion to-day. We have heard this threat before.
We have deemed it but the idle vaunt of idle men;
but it comes now with an emphasis and an author-
ity that it nevfirhad before. We find the fire-eater
giving his will as the law of the great Democratic
party. He has the right to rule it, from his cour-
age and his activity.
1 say it comes with new emphasis when the
leader of the Demoeiatic party gets up in the Sen-
ate of the United States, and with deliberation—not
acting on an impulse—declares, and I heard him,
that this Union is a myth; that he has calculated
its value; that the people of Kentucky love it "not
wisely, but too well;" and that this Lecompton
constitution involves the safety of the Union; and
when the gallant Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] accepted the issue, when he restated these
points, the distinguished Senator from Georgia
bowed his assent, and I saw him; and no member
of the Democratic party in the Senate protested
against that doctrine. I say, when such men ex-
press such sentiments, the time has arrived when
the national men of the country should unite to
rebuke such sentiments and vote them down here,
and vote them down elsewhere. These are the
men, are they, to taunt the loyal old State of Mas-
sachusetts with having legislated herself out of
the Union, because she has declared, that of two
given offices it is incompatible for one of her cit-
izens to hold both of them ? She has a right to
pass such a law. No court has decided it to be
unconstitutional. When the court shall so decide,
Massachusetts, with her accustomed obedience to
law, will submit. She simply says this: " if you
