290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong...1st Sess.
An Appeal to Patriots—Mr. Burlingame.
Ho. of Reps.
desire to carry men * back to old Virginia—to old
Virginia's shore*—you mustdo it with your offi-
cers, and not with hers." That is all. Bat I am
not here to-day to defend her; I am not here to
plead for her. She denies the jurisdiction of this
House. She is not responsible to it for her local
legislation. I stand here upon the great doctrine,
which I believe in, that the will of the majority,
constitutionally expressed, must stand until it
shall be constitutionally reversed; and, so far as
the threat which has been made is concerncd, I—
disdaining to argue in its presence—stand here,
before the people of this great country, and tram-
ple that threat of disunion scornfully and defiantly
down under my feet.
"Why have you brought this sectional question
here ? Why do you seek to force a constitution
upon a people whom you know abhor it? What
are you to gain by it? Did not the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Miles] very truly say that
it would be a barren victory—that it would wither
in your grasp? And he said,speaking more fully
in the interests of the South than most of you,
that he did not care now much about the passage
of theLecompton constitution. What are you to
gain ? Is your dogma, that there can be property
in man, borne in the bosom of that constitution,
recommended by such a course more warmly to
the hearts of the American people? Will you
more easily persuade them, at some future time,
to be more willing to admit States from other Ter-
ritories, where the system may be more congenial
to the climate ? Will not the people say, and with
truth, that this system,which requires such means
as these to strengthen and sustain itself, is dan-
gerous to the peace and prosperity of the Repub-
lic? Will they not hate your system, because of
your conduct in this case? What I will two Sen-
ators from that State, who must be fugitives from
the State that they will pretend to represent—will
that State, held down, as the gentleman from
South Carolina said he would hold it until 18G4—
compensate for the ill feeling you have crcated3
Will they compensate you for the alienation of
the people which will take place ? Will they com-
pensate you for your party dismembered, broken,
and lost? The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Miles] gave us statistics of the last election.
It is true, that with the suspicion that you would
do this thing, we swept the North,and the East,
and the West, with, as he says, more than one
million three hundred thousand votes. We swept
the great and populous States of the country with
the mighty ten-wave of the people's enthusiasm.
We brought down the victory into the very shadow
of your malign system. If we did it then, what
will now be your fate at the polls, when you go
back to an indignant and betrayed constituency?
You can no longer say you are for free Kansas;
we will nail you to the record. You cannot say any
longer that you are in favor of the great doctrine
of popular sovereignty; we will nail you to the rec-
ord. You cannot say any longer that we aie meie
freedom-shnekers, because there shall stand side
by side with us the great chief of Democracy, the
distinguished author of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
and he will tell you that you have betrayed your
constituents.
We will summon clouds of witnesses from all
the winds of heaven. We will summon them
from the South, the East, and the West. We
shall summon the gallant Wise, of Virginia, who
desires that the State shall be slave, but who is
too honest to cheat the people. We shall summon
Walker, who has aided m bringing in a new
empire to strengthen the South. We shall sum-
mon Stanton, and Forney, and Bancroft, and a
host of others; and, above all, we shall summon
those gallant Senators from Kentucky and Ten-
nessee, the acts of whose lives, for a quarter of a
century, shine along the annals of their country.
We will call upon them, and they will tell you
you have betrayed the people; that you are forcing
upon the people of Kansas a constitution con-
ceived in fraud and violence. And how are you
to meet those charges? How are you to answer
to a great and indignant people—for they will
question you as with a tongue of fire? They will
go back beyond your proceedings here; they will
question you as to the doings and purposes of the
Administration; they will ask you why you did
not adhere to the doctrine of popular sovereignty;
why, after you had maintained that the people
of a Territory could exclude slavery, you changed
around, and said they could do it when they
formed a State; and why it is that your popular
sovereignty has vanished away into the Hibernian
suggestion of the President, that the quickest way
to make Kansas a free State is first to make it a
slave State?' They will ask you why you have
substituted the dogmas of Calhoun for the doc-
trines of Jefferson? They will ask you how it
is that the President of the United States, after
having, in 1819 and 1847, held that Congress
had power over the Territories, in 1857 ex-
pressed his amazing surprise that any body should
have ever held that doctrine? They will desire
to know why it is that there was a complicity
between him and the Supreme Court of the
United States, by which, upon yonder steps
of the Capitol, he was enabled to foreshadow
what they afterwards? announced as an opinion?
They will ask you why it was that that court,
wearing the ermine of a Jay, a Marshall, and a
Story, when there was no case before the court
calling for it, went beyond the line of their duty,
and published political opinions? They will ask
you why the Army of the United States have shot
down American citizens in the streets of Wash-
ington, and why it was held in terrorem over the
people of Kansas so long ? And they will ask you,
doughfaces of the North, why you sat still in your
seats, and allowed men to call your constituents,
bccause they toiled, mud-sills and slaves? You
will have to answer all these things. You cannot
do it,and we shall beat you like a threshing-floor.
We shall hereafter have a majority in this House.
We shall strengthen ourselves in the Senate, and
we are to-day filling all the land with the portents
of your general doom in 1860. And I say, in the
presence of this state of things, that our first duty
to God and our country is to devote ourselves to
the political destruction of doughfaces who say
one thing at home, and come here to vote another;
and who fawn and tremble, and fall down, in the
presence of the Administration. No wonder that
you, southern men, call us slaves, judging us from
these specimens of the people. But I tell you they
do not represent the fire and flint of the grim and
grizzly North. They are but our waiters on Prov-
idence, our Macsycophants; they are our Uriah
Keeps; they belong with Dante's selfish men, of
whomhesaid, heaven would not have them, and
hell rejected them. I tell you, southern men, I am
ready to strike hands with fire-eaters, and exterm-
inate the race. It is becoming extinct. Look in
their faces for the last time; they are fading away
—fadingaway. Oh ! for an art ist to take their fea-
tures, to transmit them to a curious and scornful
posterity. Do it quickly, for the places which
now know them shall soon know them no more
forever.
I think it is the first duty of Republicans to ex-
tinguish the doughfaces; but I hold it also their
duty to bear testimony as to the manner m which
the Douglas men—and they will pardon me for
giving them the name of their gallant and gifted
leader—to bear testimony to themannerin which
they have borne themselves. They have kept the
faith; they have adhered to the doctrine of popu-
lar sovereignty; they have voted it in this House,
and they have not fawned and trembled m the
presence of a dominating Administration—in the
presence of that great tyranny which holds the
Government in its thrall at Washington. They
have given flash for flash to every indignant look;
and when a gentleman from Virginia, the other
day, tauntingly told them that certain language
which they used upon the floor of this House
was the language of rebellion, they shouted out,
through the lips of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Davis,] " it was the language of freemen."
I say tiiat it is due to them that we should say that
they have borne the brunt of the battle; and that
they, whether from New York, Pennsylvania, or
Illinois, have kept the whiteness of their souls,
and have made a record which has lain in light;
and if my voice can have any weight with the
young men of the country where those men dwell,
I should say to them, stand by these men with
all your young enthusiasm; stand by them with-
out distinction of party; they may not agree ex-
actly with you; but they have stood the test here,
where brave men falter and fall. Let them teach
this tyrannical Administration that, if it is strong,
the people are stronger behind it. Thus I would
speak to the young men of the country. I differ
in some points with those men, and I do not wish
to complicate them. I pay also the high tribute of
my admiration to that band of men who have been
reposing outside of the boundaries of the great
parties of the country as a patriotic corps of re-
serve, for the purpose, I suppose, of saving the
Union, when it is endangered. When they saw
this sectional issue made, standing, as they did,
in a position to look fairly on between the parties,
they saw who made it, and they instantly took
sides, and, in the language of Mr. Bell, in his
reply to Mr. Toombs, they accepted the issue
of disunion. They accepted it; and when, sir,
they saw that Lecompton was synonymous with
" fraud, with forgery, with perjury, with ballot-
box stuffing," then they trampled it with their
high manly honesty under their feet. They have
taken it in charge to preserve the ballot-box pure
and open to American citizens.
Sir, it was a proud day to me, when I heard the
speech of the venerable Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden.] The melody of his voice,
and his patriotic accent, still sound in my ears.
I was glad to hear him denounce fraud; I was glad
to hear him stand for the truth. As I listened, it
seemed to me that the spirit of the Kentucky Com-
moner had come back again to visit his old place
in the Senate. It seemed to me as if his spirit
was hovering there, looking, as in days of old,
after the interests of the Union. At that moment,
the heart of Massachusetts beat responsive once
again to that of grand old Kentucky; and I longed
to have the day come again, when there should
be such feelings as in the olden time, when the
Bay State bore the name of Henry Clay on her
banners over her hills and through her valleys,
everywhere to victory, and with an affection equal
to the affection of Kentucky herself.
I also felt pioud to hear the speech of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]
I was glad to hear their confreres on this floor,
Messrs. Underwood of Kentucky, Gilmer of
North Carolina, Ric Aunand Harris, of Mary land,
and Davis, with his surpassing eloquence,worthy
of the best days of Pinkney and of Wirt; and I
also express my gratitude to Mr. Marshall of
Kentucky, who has labored so long to secure this
union of patriotic men. I owe it to these men,
and to myself, to say that I do not agree with them
on the subject of slavery, and I know that they
do not agree with me. Neither do I agree with
the Douglas men; I take what I think is a higher
position. I hold to the power of Congress over
the Territories; they do not. But while I oppose
the Lecompton constitution for one reason, and
while the Douglas Democrats oppose it for an-
other, the South Americans may oppose it for still
another. God knows we have all cause of war
against it, and against the Administration. And
we have come together here as a unit, not by any
preconcert, not by any tiade among leaders, but
by the spontaneous convictions of our own honest
minds. I trust that this may be an omen of what
may happen in the future. As to what may hap-
pen, it is not for me to prophesy. Let time and
chance determine. We come together, not in a
spirit of compromise, because we compromise
nothing, but in a spirit of patriotism. And, act-
ing in that spirit, I, for one, am prepared to sus-
tain the substitute offered by the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky. After first voting to re-
ject the bill, I will vote for that substitute, not
because I would vote for it as an original measure;
I will vote for it because I think that it will make
Kansas a free State. The Administration says
it is a slave Territory to-day—the Lecompton
constitution makes it a slave State. I feel that the
Lecompton constitution, without this substitute,
would pass in its naked form, and that Kansas
would be a slave State under it; and if I forego
this opportunity to make it a free State, the oppor-
tunity will be lostforever. And how could I meet
my constituents, and say that, because I desired
to appear consistent, I would not vote for that
substitute, and give the people of Kansas one more
chance for freedom. If there were only one chance
in a hundred, I would do it. But it is not a chance;
it is a certainty. Doughfaces will undoubtedly
feel very sad about my vote, and complain that!
