mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
so-far from aiding us, taxed $1 ,500 a mile as duties
on our railroad iron, and expended the money
upon the North river, and the Mississippi, and
other great rivers of the country, which now and
then had a snag; the effect of which appropria-
tions, perhaps, was to save insurance, and enable
larger vessels to go into trade, and thereby les-
sen the freights on other people. They taxed the
products of my constituents, the honest men
whom I represent, in order to ease the burdens
of other men's constituents.
I said that was unjust; even if you had the con-
stitutional power, it was a bad use of it; and, upon
that occasion, I went on to show that the general
judgment of mankind, in this country and abroad,
had been, that if the Government undertook this
business, it ought to lay such tolls as would re-
imburse the public for the expenditure. New
York did it in the case of her canal; Virginia did
it with her canal. I know of no case where a State
has undertaken an impiovement for the transpor-
tation of commodities which did not lay a toil to
reimburse the public, whom they had charged
with its construction, for the outlay. That is the
cas£ in the French Government. It was true, in
olden times, of the Greeks and Romans. It is so
with the English, and all other civilized people;
because the same eternal principle of natural jus-
tice has existed everywhere from the beginning.
It was the same case in Massachusetts; she had
no mode of communication to her sea-ports from
the interior, and she built railroads, by using her
credit and the means of her own people; she paid
a tax on railroad iron, as Georgia did, except that
she commenced earlier, when, probably, the tax
was not quite as hard on her. Those peisonswho
till the poor, cold, reluctant soil of western Mas-
sachusetts, and who had the greatest difficulties
jn getting their ptoduce to market, have been taxed
to clear out the Mississippi river, which, ac.1,01 d-
mg to last year's returns, was freighted wiih one
hundred and twenty millions of pioducts going
down, and as much coining up.
When gentlemen want an appropriation to help
their port or their river, they get your topograph-
ical engineers, who are excellent fellows tor in-
creasing their business—that is all they want to
do; they are the greatest curse we ever had m
this country, as I have said frequently—to make
statements, many of them the mosthuherous, the
most absurd, and the most ridiculous ever put
upon paper, and for making which i hey should be
stricken from their position. They make state-
ments of the vast amount of trade that goes in
that particular channel. It strikes me that if there
be a great amount of trade, so much the worse lor
the application, because the commercial intei est
3  better able to pay the necessary duty. Through-
out our whole va^tcountry, we know that wheie
ever there is a large amount of commerce thcie
will be a great deal of traveling, a groat deal of
freight, and they are therefore much U'ttei able
to -bear the burden. Why should Congicss ievy
pcnce out of the poor in order to lessen the freigb t
upon the vast and rich cargoes which are trans-
ported upon those waters?
Mr. President, it is an unjust system; it is a
wrongsystem; it is an indefensible system. Gen-
tlemen talk of nationality, and now and then they
throw in a glorification for the Union. These
aie the clap-traps by which they extort the labor
of the poor for the benefit ot the rich. The
masses throughout the United States, who are
referred to by the Senator from Massachusetts,
the laboring men, are taxed upon their sugar and
other commodities as much as the uch man: but
they do not own town lots; they do not own
fronts on Chicago river; they do not own eight
hundred thousand dollars'worth of whaif prop-
erty, like Gerrit Smith, at Oswego. The poor
man pays into your Treasury for his daily con-
sumption; lie pays for the silk gown for his wife,
and he pays for his own sugar; you grind money
out of him, and you expend u for the purpose of
incieasing the already overgrown wealth of the
millionaire. That is the eiiect of your system.
I am opposed to it even if you had the power, in
my own State, I voted to levy taxes on my con-
stituents to build an improvement to enable them
to get their pioducts to market, and I thought it
a wise and legitimate purpose of Government;
but, at the same time, I pioposed to reimburse
the public Tieasury for its temporary outlay. I
mode those who used the improvement pay for
it; I made those whose lands were increased in
value pay for it; I made those whose town lots
were increased pay for the use of the work, so
as to reimburse the public. It is not done here;
and hence I say, if you had the constitutional
power to make these improvements, you should
adopt the principle which has been adopted in
every State of the Union by the universal judg-
ment of mankind, to make those pay who are
benefited, and not to take from the common fund
to build up local interests.
I have only recapitulated arguments which I
have advanced heretofore in the Senate. I thought
I would avail myself of this occasion to present
briefly some of the views which I have before so
repeatedly and so elaborately presented to the
Senate and to the country.
Mr. 1DAVIS. I shall be very brief. 1 do not
comprehend the point to which the Senator from
Georgia referred, about reports for the improve-
ment of the Mississippi. I do not know to what
reports he refers; but upon them he seemed to give
a most unqualified judgment against the topo-
graphic corps.
Mr. TOOMBS. I made no reference to any re-
ports, but took the North river and Mississippi
river as two of the rivers furnishing the finest
navigation, and I said you had spent money to
improve them. I did not allude to any report
whatever.
Mr. DAVTS. I will merely say, in relation to
the topographical officer, that he has nothing to
do with the political question; his is the physical
problem. On that he makes a report and leaves
others to decide whatever political relation it may
have. As to the Mississippi liver, below St.
Louis, where the great commerce exists, no im-
piovement has been attrmpted by any construc-
tion whatever, untila recentone, underau appro-
priai ion made lot eloai imjcout the bar at the mouth
Of the river. All that was required m that deep
stream was to take out the snags; and very little
money has been expended for that. It is many
years, fourteen, ! amnotsure that it is not fifteen
years ago, before I enteied either House of Con-
gicss, that I urged then, as the propei policy, that
we should resistall inteinul improvements by the
Fedeial Government, and claim the taxes upon
the navigators of our river, as a means from which
it should be improved.
Nor is this a new opinion I entertain in relation
to tonnage duties; but in the argument it is pre-
sented that unless we give the power to lay ton-
nage duties, we deprive the people of the power
to tax themselves. It seems to me that is not the
proposition. It is merely an argument that the
Constitution has deprived them of the power to
tax other citizens of the United States for coming
into a harbor of the United States. It is not tax-
ing themselves, it is taxing others. The icstric-
tion in the Constitution as I construe it, that no
State shall impose tonnage duties without the
consent of Congress, is one which involves very
little hazard, those tonnage duties being on for-
eign commerce. It would follow that no port of
the United States or the people residing in it
would willingly lay a tax which would be a bur-
den upon their own commerce, or in other woids,
a tax upon themselves, and would influence them
unfavorably in every possible aspect if they levied
a tax beyond their extreme necessity. "Not so,
however, m relation to internal trade. Take the
case to which the Senator alludes, Savannah. If
Savannah desired, to the injury of Charleston, to
lav tonnage duties; if she chose to impose a tax
upon vessels sailing from Charleston, bound to
Savannah, for the injury of Charleston, shemsght
bear the tax at Savannah, because of the effect it
would have upon a nval town.
Then it is found in the Constitution that one j
clauso'prccedes the other: first there is the great [
declaration thatno vessel bound to nnd from ports |
of the United States shall pay any duty whatever, i
It will be remembered that at that period of our |
existence the transportation was by sea. We did !
not then use these great rivers, at least very little j
the North river, and not at all the Mississippi; !
our population did not even extend into the ter- |
ritory winch is watered. Steam had not been :
brought to propelling vessels, without which the J
Mississippi never could have been used as it now .
is. Railroads had not boon constructed. Com- ;
merce was transmitted along the sea. Commer- i
cial cities rose along the sea The country was |
the dependent of the sea in all matters of com-
merce. Then to exempt a vessel coming from one
State to another from any duty, was to make
free-trade between the States; and that was one
of the objects of the Union, one of those things
which resulted from the fraternal feeling growing
out of the revolutionary struggle.
Then the Senator from Georgia argues that the
power given to a State to impose tonnage duties
with the consent of Congress, meant duties upon
all vessels which came into her ports. Just be-
fore that lies the prohibition, the protection, if you
please, the great shield thrown over free trade
between the States. It could have been but an
aefmission that the State could impose any duty
which Congress itself could impose. I deny that
Congress has the power to impose by any law a
duty upon a vessel clearing fiom one port to an-
other in the United States. Free trade is at the
bottom of the Constitution, and this is a violation
of free trade. As'well, in the present time, when
the power exists, might we impose duties on goods
brought on railroads acioss the line of one State;
but the pi ohibition in the first instance covers the
grant in the second. I do not attach to it the im-
portance the Senator from Georgia does. It is a
term that has a technical application. But take
the case in point, the case which is now before us
of Chicago. It had no harbor by'natnre. There
were no navigable waters there—not navigable
for sea-going vessels. If, then, Chicago chose to
take these works by the grantof the United States,
to continue the basin by constant dredging—it is
a basin of the city, not the navigable water of the
world—nothing save the reservation in relation to
the navigation of all the streams in that country
j would intervene; they would have a perfect right
1 to impose any duty they pleased on a vessel com-
j ing into the basin. That would be an artificial
] harbor, not a poi t in which they would have such
j a right under any international law.
i Then further, you may avoid the words tonnage
| duty altogether; and the Senator has not given
j us what are the difficulties we encounter in the
| improvements of the Mississippi. lie has applied
i to the Mississippi arguments that would belong
• to the sea and port? of the sea, but which do not
| belong to the navigation of that river. I would
i ask how he would collect tonnage duties on a ves-
i sel clearing from one port to another, and apply
S it to the Mississippi river? The vessel is not bound
i to start from any particular landing; she is not
j bound to stop at any particular landing. She may
1 start below the landing at St. Louis; she may
land above the landing at New Orleans. Then
, she would be fiec from any tax, exempt from the
i tonnage duties levied upon her because she had
[ run from St. Louis to New Orleans.
j Again, they run unequal distances over unequal
j parts of the river. There are no ports, there are
! landings along the highways, and they have a
j constitutional right to use them. Yet the local
| authorities clearly have a right to impose a tax
| on them, if they land at a wharf, an artificial con-
! strnction, and use it for the deposit of freight. A
i great variety of taxes may be imposed on river-
] going boats, but none of them belong to the id'a
| of tonnage duty. It would be unjust to levy a
; tax, in the form of tonnage duties, on vessels
sailing from one port to another, when all the
benefit derived, all the benefit conferred, is in the
port; whereas here the benefit is strong over the
whole line of travel from St. Louis to New Or-
leans. You take an obstruction out of the river;
it is not entering into the port of New Orleans.
It would rather be n sort of toll. We should
have to eiect toll-gates all along the river; and I
would ask the Senator--here is another constitu-
tional question—could you erect toll-gates along
the Mississippi > Could yon require boats to land
and pay toll for the free navigation of that consti-
tutional highway? If not, then, I say, you are
driven at last to resort to the taxes v/h-ch may be
imposed at the landing,and on thatnughty stream
with its mighty commerce, these taxes, though so
small as scarcely to be felt, would cieate a fund
quite adequate to the very few improvements
which the river requires. I3efore 1 entered Con-
gress, and since, i have been an advocate of re-
sorting to some mode of taxation which would
throw upon the locality benefited the burden of
the work. Upon a select committee with the Sen-
ator from Illinois, when a member of this body on
a former occasion, the subject was fully discussed.
