THE CONGfiESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session-,
TUESDAY, MAY 25, 1858.
New Semes....No. 148.
After ho introduced his proposition, I thought he
had departed from the position which we had oc-
cupied on that select committee, and that he"had
involved himself in a constitutional difficulty. I
think so now.
Mr, BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me a question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 am following1 the argu-
ment of the Senator with a view to make its ap-
plication. For instance, to the improvement of
the mouths of the Mississippi liver. I would in-
quire how he would apply his theory to the im-
provement of the bar at the mouth of that river?
How would he lay his tax?
Mr. DAVIS. Upon foreign vessels.
Mr. BENJAMIN. He would have the State
of Louisiana tax tonnage on foreign vessels?
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. i merely wished to under-
stand the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I will also say that that is a tax
which may be safely trusted to the localauthorities,
because it is a tax they would never impose m any
onerous degree. Their object would be to reduce
it to the very lowest point to encourage vessels
to come into their port, and I think tiiat is the
true limitation contained m the clauses of the Con-
stitution, when they are taken together. It was
a wise prohibition to prevent duties on vessels
passing from one port in the United States to an-
other. Otherwise, it might be, from rival inter-
ests, it might be from rival feelings which 1 am
"sorry to say have been developed to an extent
that could hardly have been contemplated by the
framers of the Constitution , duties might be levied
to exclude vessels coming from a particular port,
and under the name of tonnage duties they would
be made prohibitory. It is turning over a power
to destroy what I consider one of the most beau-
tiful features in our Government—free-trade be-
tween the States.
The light-houses are also brought in. That is
only a part of the same general thing. Th^se
light-houses are not built for foreign commerce.
If they had been built for foreign commerce, you
ought not to have had one fifth tiic number. You
have multiplied them until they are really an em-
barrassment to the sea-going vessel. As she ap-
proaches your coast she is at a loss to know what
the light means. You have multiplied them for
the coastwise trade. They are free, because you
impose no tax upon the coastwise trade. We have
fostered coast navigation under the same theory
which the Senator from Alabama so recently over-
turned in relation to the bounties on fishing vessels;
but I refer to it nosv because it is a case in point.
We lay no tax upon the use of those lights, no
lightage tax; but it belongs to our theory of fos-
tering the coast wise trade and making it as free as
possible, between the different ports of the United
States. I think that is a distinction which is to
be drawn in relation to the light-houses.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to say a word or two :
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will allow j
me to make a motion. I rise for the purpose of
submitting a motion to postpone all priorotders, J
that the Senate may take up the loan bill. I wish '
to test the sense of the Senate, whether they will ;
take up that bill to-day. I now submit that mo- .
tion. j
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays j
on that motion. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. |
Mr. WADE. I hope that all the friends of the ■
harbor and internal improvement bills, will stand !
by them in preference to any appropriation or ;
loan bill, because it is perfectly evident now, from
what we have seen, that if these measmes get ;
behind the appropriation bills, or loan bills, they
will go over, and we shall not be able to say when
they will be taken up again There is no danger
of the appropiidtion bills or the loan bills being 1
defeated by*any piocess that I know of. You
cannot aet rid of them. In my judgment, it would j
be prudent in the friends of such measures, as it is
necessary to pass before Congress adjourns, to ;
148
keep them ahead of loan and appropriation bills.
I hope the friends of harbor bills will vote against
taking up the loan bill, and will continue the
consideration of the bill now before the Senate,
until it is disposed of.
Mr. CLAY. I would suggest to the Senator
that we had better raise the money before we
spend it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senate will not postpone the prior orders. The
loan bill has just been brought in, and I think we
ought to have some tjme to consider it. 1 hope
the special order will be taken up, and that the
Senate will not postpone any pending measure
for the purpose of passing a bill to borrow money.
The special order is a pioposition to enable the
people to increase the revenue of the country by
increasing the productive capacity of the country,
by providing homesfor the people. This, 1 think,
is a very important matter; and yet it appears
that everything, however important, must give
way that the Grovernment may be authorized to
borrow money, and that the bills making appro-
priations of money may be passed. I hope we
shall be psi nutted to take up and dispose of other
important measures, before passing the appropri-
ation or loan bills.
Mr. SEWARD. It is now one o'clock. I do
not know what the effect of a vote to postpone the
prior orders will be on the present question. I
desire to know.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) That motion was made before the
hour arrived for taking up the special ordeis, and
the Chair regards that motion as not including the
special orders; but the hour for taking up the spe-
cial orders has now arrived, and it is the duty of
the Chair to present the special orders to the con-
sideration of the Senate. It is in the power of
the Senate to dispose of them as it sees fit. The
Chair will now regard the motion of the Senator
from Virginia as embracing the spccial and the
general orders.
Mr. HUNTER. It does.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then I under-
stand that will postpone the homestead bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senate wilt not postpone it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on postponing all prior or-
ders, with a view to take up the loan bill.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 35,
nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Ale^rs. Allen, Ba\ard. Benjamin, BiL'ler, Bright, .
Biovvu, Clay. Clin<rtna>i, Crittenden, Davis, Fit< li. Fuzpat-
rick, Gwm, Hammond. Iliu wj, Hcmk-ison. Houston. Hun- !
tci, fvoi^oi!. Jolm-on oi Aikans,a«. Jone-, Maliory, Alison, '
Pearee, Polk, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Siidcll, Tnomp>on of !
lOntmk), Vhouiaoii of New Jersey, Toombs, Wilson, j
Wngtit, arviVuloo—&"> [
NAYS—Most-r*. Bell. Broderiek. Cameron. Chandler, i
Dixon, Dooliitlc, Fo-sciiden. Foot,'Foster, Hale, ilainhn, ;
Hatlau, Jo'uu-on of Toimo.>oe. King, Sewmd, Simmons
Stuart, Trumbull, and Wade—19.
FIFTEEN MILLION LOAN.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to the consideration of the bill ;
(S. No. 396) to authorize a loan not exceeding S
the sum of fifteen million dollais. The bill was j
debated at some length, several amendments were j
made m i.s provisions, and its further consulera- ;
tion was postponed until to-morrow. [This de-
bate will 'be published in the Appendix.] i
INDIANA SENATORIAL ELECTION. !
In the course of the debate on the loan bill, !
during the remarks of Mr. Wilson, Mr. Pucu -
asked ununimous consent to make a report, and j
no objection was made. j
Mr. PUOrli. The Committee on the Judiciary, j
to whom was referred the credentials of the pres- ;
ent Senators from the State of Indiana, together
with the testimony in the case, have instructed
me to repoit by resolution, and to move that the
resolution and testimony be printed. If the mi- ;
nority of the cornmirtee desire to make any state- !
ment, I move that they have leave to print their '
views likewise. I move that the resolution and
accompanying papers be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear that
report. I did not know that a report was to be
made.
Mr. PUGH. Read the report. It is very short.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom were referred
the credentials of Graham N. Fitch and Jcssr D. Bright,
Senators from the State of Indiana, together with the doc-
uments and testimony relative to that subject, has had the
same under consideration, and repotts by resolution as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That Graham N. Fitch and Jf.sse D. Bright,
Senators returned and admitted from the State of Indiana,
are entitled to then ^eats winch they now hold m the Sen-
ate as such Senatois aforesaid; the former until the 4th
dav of Match, 1861, and the latter until the 4th of March,
1883, according to the tenor of their respective credentials.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the motion to print the report
and accompanying documents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know what
the accompanying papers arc; whether they em-
brace all the papers referred to the committee? •
Mr. PUGH. They comprise the testimony
taken; certain affidavits which were offered by the
sitting Senators, which are put separately, and
upon which the majority of the committee have
passed no opinion, but they think proper to bring
them before the Senate, inasmuch as the Senate
referred them to the committee; and the transcripts
from the Indiana Senate Journal, which were fur-
nished by the Senator from Illinois himself, at
the last Congress; and certain transcripts from the
House Journal, and testimony and documents
relating to the question. I collected them as care-
fully as I could, to present every view, and I think
the Senator will find that they contain everything
that is relevant to the case. At all events I pre-
sent the report of the majority of the committee,
and ask that it he printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I prefer that the motion
should he over until 1 see or ascertain what papers
are to be printed. I presume, from what the Sen-
ator from Ohio states, that all are embraced; but I
should like to see whether the papers referred at
the last session are included. I was not aware
that the report was being made. The last meet-
ing of the committee 
Mr. PUGH. I cannot consent that the motion
to print the papers shall go over. We are near
the end of the session, and it will take some days
to print the papers. I wish to bring the question
before the Senate at the earliest possible moment.
I state to the Senator that among the papers which
he furnished at the last Congress, were transcripts
of the entire day's proceedings m the Senate of
Indiana, a great part of which had no connection
with the subject. I have stricken out everything
except the lesolutions that bear on the election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it embrace the pro-
tests and all3
Mr. PUGH. The protests and papers amd cer-
tificates are there, every one of them, without
exception. If the Senator finds anything omitted
he can have it printed. I give him my word it
shall be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to delay
the matter at all. I presume I can look at the
papers duiing the session of the Senate to-day.
Perhaps it might be called up before we adjourn.
I should like to see what the papers are before the
question is disposed of. If the Senator will let
it lie over for an hour or two, I will look at the
papers and see what is proposed. I can do it,
perhaps, in half an hour.
Mr. PUGH. 1 would rather have the motion
to print put. If there is a paper omitted, the Sen-
ator shall have it printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise, then, the question
whether it is in oidcr to move to print this report
, in the midst of a debate upon another bill, with-
out any examination of the papers. I do not
think it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
answer that question at once. It would not have
I been in order without unanimous consent. That
consent was given. That consent having been
