292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong....1st Sf.ss.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Zollicojfer.
Ho. of Reps.
very; I think therefore they pursued the proper
course. This vote was appointed to be taken
on the 21st of December, 1857, and was legally
cast; when it was found that a very decided ma-
jority of the voters had recorded their votes in
favor of retaining the slavery clause in the con-
stitution. Thus the whole work was finished,
and the constitution was adopted.
It is said that the convention ought to have
submitted the whole constitution to a popular
vote. It appears to me that this was not at all ne-
cessary. The people had already twice voted—
onceupon calling a convention, and secondly upon
the election of delegates to form the constitution
—in which they had a fair opportunity of electing,
and did elect, delegates reflecting ana embodying
their will. They had the right to instruct those
delegates, had they seen proper, to frame a con-
stitution and submit it to them for ratification.
But they did not see proper so to do. On the con-
trary, the delegates were expressly instructed to
"frame a constitution and State government" "for
admission into the Union," withoutaword as to
submitting it to the people. This was well un-
derstood at the time the delegates were elected ;
and this mode was adopted upon the well-estab-
lished theory that the people can as legitimate-
ly make a constitution through their delegates,
clothed with full power to carry out their will,
as by a direct vote of the whole people.. Such
mode had been pursued in the adoption of the first
Constitution of more than one half of the States
of the Union. It was the republican mode, and
that which is most compatible, perhaps, with the
common usages in a representative government.
Whether it is the better mode or not, unquestion-
ably it is one of the most stereotyped processes
known to the institutions of our country.
Indeed, in the organic act of Kansas, Congress
had pledged itself to leave the people "peifectly
free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own ioa\jy subject only to the Consti-
tution of the United States." If they have chosen
a way of their own satisfactory to themselves—
the instrument being republican and not violative
of the Constitution of the United States—what
right have persons, outside of the Territory, to
object to it? What right has Congress to inter-
pose, and prescribe to the people of a State a mode
different from that they themselves select for form-
ing for themselves a State constitution ? What
right to say to the people of Kansas, " True, you
have adopted a constitution under the full sanc-
tions of the organic law, without violating either
the principles of that act or the Constitution of
the United States; but you lmve not proceeded in
the mode we think prcferablp, and therefore we say
to you, your work shall be done overagmn." It is
conceded that this representative mode, adopted
in Kansas, has been pursued m a majority of the
States without complaint—and who can doubt that
but for slavery in this case, this objection would
not now be heard."
It is argued that a laige number of people did
not vote cither upon the question of calling a con-
vention, upon the election of delegates, or in the
decision of the question as to whether it should
be a free-soil or a slaveholding State; and that,
thf refore, this constitution does not embody the
will of the people. The fact cannot well be
doubted that those who did not vote were mainly
a mass of German and native anti-slavery extre-
mists—many of them aliens—followers of Lane,
and adherents to the revolutionary Topeka con-
stitution, who, from the beginning, have coun-
seled resistance to the government established by
authority of the United States, even, to use their
own language, " to the bloody issue." If there
were those who were entitled to vote, and did not
vote, it is certainly because they refused to vote;
denying, as they did, the validity of the territo-
rial laws, and openly resisting the authority of the
established government. 1 propose, m this con-
nection, to give some glimpses of history throwing
light upon the uniform conduct of such men as re-
fused to vote; and I appeal to gentlemen if, after
contemplating such facts, they can conscicn tiously
feel that they are in the line of their duty in stand-
ing by this body of law-breakers against the
whole mass oflaw-abidmg citizens of Kansas.
Senator Douglas, who now opposes the Le-
compton constitution on the ground that it does
not embody the will of the whole people, himself
traced, in able reports in the Senate, in 1856, step
by step, the disorderly movements of these law-
violating men down to (he adoption of the revolu-
tionary constitution at Topeka, and their traitor-
ous resolves that they "owe no allegiance" to
the Territorial Legislature—that the territorial
" laws have no binding force" upon them—that
" every freeman among us is at full liberty, con-
sistently with his obligation as a citizen, and a
man, to defy and resist them (the territorial laws)
if he choose so to do"—that " we will endure and
submit to these laws no longer than the best in-
terests of the Territory require, as the least of
two evils, and will resist them to the bloody issue
as soon as we ascertain that peaceable remedies
shall fail, and forcible resistance shall furnish any
reasonable prospect of success—and that, in the
mean time, we recommend to our friends through-
out the Territory the organization and discipline
of volunteer companies, and the procurement and
preparation of arms."
Mr. Douglas then informs us that "those who
were opposed to allowing the people of the Ter-
ritory, preparatory to their admission into the
Union as a State, to decide the slavery question
for themselves," " finding opposition to the prin-
ciples of the [Kansas-Nebraska] act unavailing
jn the Halls of Congress," resorted to " the ma-
chinery of emigrant aid societies." "The plan
adopted," he adds, " was to make it the interest
of a large body of men who sympathized with
them in the objects of the corporation, to proceed
to Kansas, and acquire whatever residence, and
do whatever acts might be found necessary to en-
able them to vote at the elections, and through the
ballot-box, if possible, to gain control over the
legislation of the Territory." " When the emi-
grants," said he, " who had been sent out by the
Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Company and their
affiliated societies, passed through the State of
Missouri in largo numbers, on their way to Kan-
sas, the violence of their language, and the un-
mistakable indications of their determined hostility
to the domestic institutions of that State, created
apprehensions that the object of the company was
to abohtionize Kansas, as a means of prosecuting
a relentless warfare upon the institutions of sla-
very within the limits of Missouri." These men
entered Kansas in large numbers, followed by pro-
slavery men, who came m to settle or counteract
this Abolition influence; and, says Mr. Doug-
las, " disputes,quarrels, violence, and bloodshed
might have been expected as the natural and in-
evitable consequences." At the first election held
in the Territory, in November, 1854, for a Dele-
gate in Congress, the pro-slavery men were tri-
umphant. Whereupon the emigrant aid men
loudly complained that the Missourians had in-
vaded the Territory and controlled the elections.
But, says Mr. Douglas, this charge was made
" in the absence of all proof and probable truth."
In March, Idoo, the elections were held for mem-
bers of the Legislature, when the pro-slavery men
anain succeeded in electing a large majority.
Frauds were again loudly alleged by the emigrant
aid, or Abolition party; but Mr. Douglas tells us
that Governor Reeder " having adjudged them to
have been duly elected,accordingly granted them
certificates of election," &c.
Soon after this, Governor Reeder was removed;
and Mr. Douglas notes the fact that" a few days
after Governor Reeder dissolved his official rela-
tions with the Legislature," the incipient step was
taken in the Topeka movement to form a revolu-
tionary State government, lie shows that their
first open declaration was that "the people of
Kansas Territory have been, since its settlement,
and now are, without any law-making power."
He traces them through their various steps of at-
tempted revolution, shows that they had organ-
ized a secret military legion, had pledged them-
selves to "make Kansas a free State," were
backed by " a powerful corporation, with a cap-
ital of $5,000,000 invested in houses and lands, m
merchandise and mills, in cannon and rifles, in
powder and lead," and that they dcoided on " re-
pudiating the laws and overthrowing the territo-
rial government in defiance of the authority of
Congress." It will be well remembered what
noisy boasts they made of the efficacy of their
Sharped rifles. Such are the men who have failed
to vote in the elections determining the constitu-
tion with which Kansas applies for admission into
the Union; and I have chosen to draw these facts
from the statements of one whom the opposition
to admission will hardly question. Many of those
men, I learn, are foreigners—Germans and others
—who have not been naturalized, who are not en-
titled to vote, and who know as little of the prin-
ciples of our constitutions as they do of the vir-
tues of law and order. But they were not the less
noisy followers of Lane and Topeka. This rev-
olutionary Topeka movement has been kept up
until within the last few weeks. On the eve of the
lawful election of delegates to the Lecompton con-
vention, it came near producing civil war; and
Governor Walker hastened a dispatch to the State
Department, announcing that " the most alarm-
ing movement proceeds from the assembling, on
the 9th of June, of the so-called Topeka Legisla-
ture,with a view to theenactmentof anentire code
oflaws,"and predicting that such a result "would
lead to inevitable and disastrous collisions."
Soon after the election of delegates to the conven-
tion, we find Governor Walker writing to .Gen-
eral Harney to send him a regiment of dragoons to
put down a rebellion at Lawrence, " involving an
open defiance of the laws, and the establishment
of an insurgent government in that city." The
next day, the Governor informs the Secretary of
State that this was " the beginning of a plan to
organize insurrection throughout the Territory "
A few days after, it was found, says Governor
Walker, that General Lane was o-rganizing, under
the sanction of the Topeka convention, " the
whole so-called free-State party into volunteers,"
and " taking the names of all who refused enroll-
ment," with a view " to terrify the free-State con-
servatives into submission," as is "proved by
recent atrocities committed on such men by Tope-
kaites." Again,just on the eve of the assembling
of the convention at Lecompton to frame a State
constitution, Governor Walker informed the State
Department that " General Lane and his staff
everywhere deny the authority of the territorial
laws, and counsel a total disregard of these en-
actments." And again, immediately before the
vote was to be taken to determine whether the con-
stitution should recognize or ignore slavery, acting
Governor Stanton wrote to the Secretary of State
that he " had become satisfied that the election
ordered by the convention could not be conducted
without collision and bloodshed."
Thus it is apparent that a regular system of dis-
order, lebellion, and terror was attempted to be
keptupduringthe whole time the constitution was
in the process of adoption. Those turbulent men
would not vote themselves, and endeavored to
deter others from voting. What guarantee, then,
have we that they would now vote, if forty op-
portunities were given them ? I, for one, confess
that I do not feel the slightest disposition so to
humor such men. The fact should be borne in
mind that the Lccompton constitution is the work
of those who have ever been true to the properly
constituted authorities of the Government, while
those who have stood aloof have all the time en-
deavored to resist the law by force and violence.
Is such a fact of no moment ?
But, say the opponents of the bill, " frauds"
have been perpetrated in accomplishing the adop-
tion of this constitution. I think this is a mistake.
I do not see that the charge has been sustained
byevidenceentitled to respect. Gentlemen should
not blend with the constitution frauds in elections
having no connection with the constitution. The
charge in this case is based upon the bare asser-
tion of partisans of the law-violating faction in
Kansas, and there is an absence of proof to sus-
tain the assertion. Two men, Messrs. Babcock
and Deitzler, who had no official connection with
the returns, and who offer noproofof what they
allege, state that there were spurious votes given
on the 21st of December, when the question was
taken upon the slavery clause. And thereupon
the outcry is raised that there were frauds. It is
well known that even if what they say was true,
still a large majority of the legal votes at that
election were cast in favor of retaining the sla-
very clause. But I cannot permit my judgment
to be influenced by this unsupported statement of
Messrs. Babcock and Deitzler; there is strong cir-
cumstantial evidence against it, in the fact that
