244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aggrieved. In my judgment, that law was de-
structive to the morale of the service. How can
the action of those officers who did not go before
the courts be an acquiescence? They might have
looked to the justice of Congress in remedying
them in some other mode than was prescribed in
the act of 1857. There is no acquiescence on their
part because they refused to go before a tribunal,
not to be tried on any specific charges, either
/affecting their moral character, their mental capa-
'City, or their bodily capacity; but to be tried as a
'matter of opinion on their whole lives, upon all
.subjects, on the question of relative capacity or
efficiency. I cannot view those officers who did
not go before the courts of inquiry as acquiescing
in the justice of the position which placed them
on the retired list, or dropped them from the
Navy. If you are to allow the President to make
selections for officers to be renominated to us who
were, by the board, under the first law, deprived
of their position in the Navy, I wish to extend
the same benefit to all officers in the service, and
I think the discretion of the President and the
Senate will make a proper use of this power.
Mr. IVERSON. I was one of those Senators
"Who believed that the policy of the original law
which created the retiring board was highly im-
proper and injudicious. I was opposed to the
policy of the Jaw, and I was much more opposed
to its execution. I believe the law itself, and the
execution of it, was one of the most outrageous
and-disgracefulproceedingseverputon the records
of the country. I expressed my opinions pretty
freely on this subject when the question was dis-
cussed at the last Congress. Notwithstanding
my objection as to the policy of the law, and the
manner of its execution by the Secretary of the
Kavy and the retiring board, and although my j
sympathies were very strongly excited in favor j
of the retired officers—all of them and every one !
of them—I cannot vote for the amendment of the j
Senator from Delaware, for reasons which I shall !
proceed to state briefly. |
I make these remarks in order that I may pre- !
serve my consistency in the matter; because, as I
"was opposed to the whole proceeding originally,
it might be supposed I was acting inconsistently
if 1 did not throw open the door now for the res-
toration of those officers.
At the last session of Congress we passed a law
by which the retired officers who came before us
and said they were aggrieved by the action of the j
retiring board, were ailorded an opportunity of a r
fair and impartial hearing before courts of inquiry. '
A number of them have gone before those courts. !
They have gone manfully and met the investiga-
tion, and they have done it m open day. The law
required that they should prove their professional,
moral, mental, and physical capacity for the naval
service. Many of them have gone before those
courts, and they have proved these things to enti-
tle them to restoration, and I suppose many of
them have been restored, or, at least, initiatory
steps have been taken for their restoration. It is
understood, atany rate, that the courts of inquiry
have recommended many of them for restoration. ^
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
is mistaken somewhat as to the number of the
officers who have not applied to the courts. Two j
hundred and one officers were originally retired
and dropped by the retiring board. Out of that
number some have died; and I understand one ,
hundred and twenty have gone before the naval j
courts for examination; so that only sixty or sev- 1
enty have not gone before these courts, instead of
one hundred and ten, as he stated. Overone hun-
dred have gone before-the courts, and asked for a
review of the proceedings under which they suf-
fered; and decisions have been made in their be-
half, or against them. Some sixty or seventy,
however, have acquiesced in the originaldecision
of the retiring board. They have either been sat-
isfied with the position which that board assigned
them, or they have been afiaid of the investiga-
tion which the law of the last Congress invited
them to make. If that bo the case, I think they
ought to be, and are estopped, from any further
promotion. If they are satisfied with the positions
in which the retiring board placed them, of course
there is no reason for making provision for their
promotion. If they weie not satisfied, but were
afraid or ashamed to go before the courts of in-
quiry for the purposeof investigation,thcn I think
they ought equally to be estopped.
Besides, the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware would place the gentlemen who have
thought proper not to go before these courts on
the same footing as to claims for promotion as
those who have gone before the courts. Here are
sixty or seventy gentlemen who, having under-
gone the examination, are recommended for res-
toration; they have met the ordeal which the
Senate and House of Representatives thought
proper to propose for the trial of their claims. If
the amendment be adopted those officers who ac-
quiesced, or were afraid to encounter this investi-
gation, will have the same right and stand pre-
cisely in the same position as those who have been
before the courts. I think we ought not to put
them in the same category. I think they have
inferior claims, at least, to those who have gone
before the courts and met the investigation man-
fully and openly.
Besides, if the door be thrown open for the res-
toration of officers who have acquiesced in the j
decisions of the retiring board, how is the Presi- j
dent to investigate and find out the qualifications !
of these gentlemen ? Mind you, the officers who I
have gone before the courts of inquiry, and who I
have been recommended for restoration, have j
pioved their mental, professional, physical, and
moral qualifications for service. If the President
undertakes to restore any of the other officers,
he ought to be satisfied of the mental, moral,
physical, and professional capacity of the officer
who applies for restoration. How is he to arrive
at that conclusion ? If he can satisfy himself by
a process of inquiry as to the efficiency of these
gentlemen, or any applicant who presents his
claims to him, how is the Senate to arrive at a
conclusion on the subject? Their cases must be
presented here for investigation. We have to
satisfy ourselves of the. mental, moral, physical,
and professional capacity of (he applicant. Iiow
are we to do it except by instituting a process of
inquiry and the examination of witnesses? It
will involve a degree of responsibility and ex-
pense and trouble to the Somite, which I think the
Senate will be very unwilling to encounter. For
one, I deprecate any such pioceeding. I think as
these officers have had an opportunity of having
their day in court, and have failed or neglected to
avail themselves of that opportunity, they ought
to be estopped.
Forthese reasons, Ishall voteagainsttheamend- ,
ment of the Senator from Delaware, although ori-
ginally I sympathized deeply with all these officers,
and if I could have wiped out the whole proceed-
ing by a vote given here, 1 should have done so;
but it is now too late, 1 think, to amend the ori-
ginal wrong which was done.
The amendment was icjected.
Mr. HUNTER. I now offer this proviso to be
added to the resolution:
Proofed, Tlint nothing lieu-m contained shall be so con-
strued as- to allow the iiieic.a-o of the nuinboi of officers xn
the active-service list, a  now authorized by law.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I understand it, that
amendment defeats the whole resolution.
Mr. HUNTER, it does not. It allows the
President to nominate officers from any of these
positions whenever there may be a vacancy, but
it preserves the policy of the law which limited j
the number of officers on the active-service list of J
the Navy. That policy was founded with refer- ]
ence to the interests, not only of the country, but !
of the Navy. It was believed that it was proper, !
and indeed, necessary, to fix some limit to the !
number of officers m that list, in order to make
promotions rapid,and in order to confine the num-
ber of officers within such limits as might be con-
sistent with what it was politic to expend on that
branch of the service. I am merely for keeping
up the policy of the law and allowing' the Pres?
dent to nominate from any of these lists whenever
there shall be a vacancy.
Alt'. DAVIS. I think the proviso offered by
the Senator from Virginia strikes at the very best
class of officers, to whom it is my purpose to ex-
tend relief. The whole effect of it, as I under-
stand his proposition, will be to authorize the
President to nominate, or to place those persons
who are now dropped from the Navy, on the re-
served list. But there are officers now placed upon
the reserved list whose personal and professional
pride has been wounded by the fact of being con-
sidered, unfit to command under the colors of their j
country. This is a pride which deserves rather I
January 11,
to be nursed than repressed; and it is the loftier
and nobler spirit which is struck at in these cases
—the man who does not ask the Government to
feed him; but who, after years of honorable ser-
vice, has attained a rank of which he is reluctant
to be deprived. He aslts that he shall be put upon
the active list in order that whenever the Govern-
ment chooses to order him into service, he may
again walk the deck of a vessel, the proud repre-
sentative of his nation. If we are merely with
eleemosynary sentiment dealing out bread; if we
are to take those who have been dropped or put
on furlough pay, and for the sake of giving them
a pittance, but little more than a pension, make
this provision, the proviso is proper; but if, as I
believe, in some few instances—and I think they
are very few—some of the best officers of the Navy
have been put on the reserved list, then, sir, I
think the interest of the country and the great de-
mands of justice require that we should open the
gate and bring these officers back to the positions
which they have heietofoie graced.
Nor, sir, if I understand this movement, made
with a financial view, will the difference of ex-
pense be great. If an officer is not in commis-
sion, but on shore, and he is waiting orders, or
on leave, or on furlough, the amount of pay he
will receive waiting orders on shore will be but
little more than leave pay; if he bo receiving leave
pay, it will be exactly what he would have if on
the reserved list. The only effect, then, pro-
duced is to wound his pride, and shut him out
from the opportunity for active service, and to
close against the country the opportunity to avail
itself of his efficiency to command, if hereafter it
should be required. I would rather have the res-
olution, I admit, with the proviso, than not to
have it at. all, because it would be a modicum of
justice. Some few who have been dropped, after
they had been worn out in the service, would
be then left on a pittance to support them the bal-
ance of their days; but 1 think that the proviso,
m every sense which goes to the pride of the
Navy and to the gratitude of the country, is sub-
ject to every objection which attaches to "the prop-
osition as it now stands.
I am not one of those, Mr. President—and
while I am up I will say so—who look on the
proceeding, originally, as so objectionable as to
justify any of the harsh terms which have been
applied to it._ It follows, in the course of years,
that every military service requires either reor-
ganization or the retirement of those who have
become unfit for the duties of their station. T
think that Congress did well to provide for the
means of retiring from active service those who
were no longer fit for it. I do not think it did
well to provide for dropping an officer because
his conduct had been disgraceful or unworthy of
his profession, because that was the proper func-
tion of a court-martial. But it must happen that
either despotic power is exercised, and reorgani-
zation is provided for by law, or the retirement of
those who have become unfit for the service is
called for by the best interests of the country. I
think, therefore, that the proposition, originally,
was a good one. I think'it was very badly exe-
cuted. The board should have heard each officer.
They should have made up a separate record in
each case. The officer should have been con-
fronted with the hoard, and with the witnesses
who appeared against him. His physical, his
mental, and his moral fitness for the Navy should
not have been decided upon in a closed room,
with secret witnesses, and no record in future
time to speak of what was done. That is my
great objection to it.
Then this court of inquiry, a remedial meas-
ure, summons before it an officer who has been
dropped from the rolls of the Navy, or dropped
from the active list, by a secret proceeding, but
they do not inform hmi on what charge or for
what reason he has been retired or dropped.
They summon him there to prove a general nega-
tive—that he is neither physically, morally, nor
professionally unfit for the service. Every one
knows how difficult it is to prove a general nega-
tive. Every one sees how unfair the proceeding
is towards the officer; first stricken from the roll
by a secret proceeding, and then summoned be-
fore an open court, to prove a general negative.
Now, all that I ask of the Senate is, that when he
has appeared before that open court and made a
record which, upon fair investigation, justifies
