1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1381
Territory men who, if they were not bad men
when they started, became bad after they got
there. They were clothed, and fed, and main-
tained by the society, under the pledge that they
v/ould vote to make the Territory free.
Now, what was the natural consequence? What
•would any other State, situated as Missouri is,
have done? The report spread all through the
State of Missouri that Massachusetts was send-
ing men into the Territory by hundreds, to make
that Territory free. The people of Missouri there-
upon determined to go there, and stand around the
polls, and see that their friends had an opportu-
nity to vote. The idea had gone out in Missouri
that the free-State men in the Territory would
take possession of the polls, and prevent pro-sla-
very men from voting. Well, the Mnssourians
"went into the Teiritory, and stood around the
polls, and some of them, I have no doubt, voted.
The great bulk of them, however, merely stood
around the polls, with their rifles in their hands;
kept off the marauders, and allowed their friends
to vote.
Now, I say there was a majority of pro-slavery
men in the Territory of Kansas, at the first elec-
tion; and, as evidence of that fact, I refer to the
census. A registry was taken, and there was
a clear and decided majority of three, or four,
or five hundred votes of pro-slavery men in that
Territory. Another proof of that fact is, that the
Governor of the Territory—the only official au-
thority that we have to speak from in relation to
that matter—said that, although there was fraud-
ulent voting, yet that a majority of the delegates
to the Legislature were elected without fraud;
and, therefore, he unhesitatingly gave the certif-
icates to a majority.
What next followed ? That Legislature was
recognized; a Delegate was elected and took his j
seat here; and, from that day to this, Congress,
the President of the United States, and the peo-
ple of the Territory of Kansas, except those who
refused to submit to the laws, recognized that
Territorial Legislature as legal and binding.
What next occurred ? That Territorial Legis-
lature passed a law, authorizing the people to vote
for, or against, a convention to frame a State con-
stitution; and all the people concurred in the opin- j
ion that they ought to have such convention. A ]
free-State paper there, the Kansas Herald, said '
that the people all voted on that occasion,and that i
there was no opposition to the calling of the con- I
vention. Delegates were nominated and elected, |
and the convention met. The free-State party,
if they did not wish to have that convention, could
have gone to the polls, and, if they had a major-
ity, voted it down. If they refused to vote, it was
their own fault. The pro-slavery men were elect-
ed, and, in obedience to the wishes of their friends,
they framed a constitution and submitted it to the
people. They were elected 111 June. Governor
\Vaikcr, who had then been sent into the Tnri-
tory, called on the free-State men to come forward
and vote. He went through the Territory and !
made speeches; he begged and implored them to '
take part in the election; he told them that the j
peace and prosperity of the Territory, in a great !
measure, depended upon them; he told them that J
if they would come forward and vote, and if they !
had the majority, and wouid go on and form a j
State government, he had no doubt Congress j
would be liberal to them, and would give them '
liberal grants of the public lands; and1"that they ;
would do a deed that would entitle them to the \
gratitude of the American people. But, mark you, |
he told thpm that if they stood off, and refused to ;
vote, the persons who did come forward and vote :
would elect their candidates; and those who did ,
not vote would delegate the power to those who
did to vote for them, and they would be bound 1
by the action of the delegates elected. '•
Now, it is alleged that there was a fault in the ;
registry; that some nineteen counties were dis-
franchised; and that the persons living m those
countics were not peimitted to take part in the
election. Mr. Chairman, what is the fact in re-
gard to this charge5 The officers executed their
duty faithfully. They registered every man they
could get to register. But in three or four of the
counties the people would not give their names.
They threatened violence to the officers, and drove
them from the comities. Others gave fictitious
lijmes. Then, sir, it was their own fault that they
were not registered.
But, sir, everywhere in the counties where the
registry was completed there was a large majority
in favor of the constitution. There were nine
thousand two hundred and odd voters registered in
the Territory, and some two or three thousand
voted at that election. Taking the doctrine that
is admitted here on all sides, that those who did
not vote authorized those who did to vote for them,
and the fact that a majority of those who did vote
voted for the constitution, it makes no difference
what was the number, the election was binding
on all. It is to be taken for granted that those who
did not vote were either indifferent or were per-
fectly satisfied to let those who did take the trouble
to vote, vote for all.
But, Mr. Chairman, there can be no dispute as
to the fairness of the election in the counties where
the registry was completed. Now take the vote
that was polled on the 4th of January last, in
which our friends on the other side of the House
say ten thousand two hundred votes were cast—•
my own judgment is that they did not cast any
such vote; but taking it for granted that they did
cast that number of votes, and still nine thousand
and odd of that number were cast in the counties
that were registered. But unless you can show
that a majority of the people were left out of the
registry, unless you can prove that in those coun-
ties where there was no registry taken there were
voters enough to have changed the result, then the
election was valid and binding. But our north-
ern friends tell us, u Do you want to cram a con-
stitution down the throats of the people against
their will?" I answer that 1 have no such wish.
But, sir, when a community settle in a Territory
they must have some law by which they are to be
governed; they must have some rules and regula-
tions to go by. If a portion of them desire peace
and harmony and good government, and another
portion desire disturbance, and will submit to no
law, I say that ail law-abiding men m this House
and in the country should strengthen and encour-
age the men there who desire and are seeking to
establish law and order. Now, sir, what would
be the condition of a community where a large
portion of the people were standing out, maraud-
ing and depredating continually upon the commu-
nity, and who were against all law? Is it not
the duty of every man who desires the peace and
harmony of the country to encourage and sustain
the men then; who are stiivmg to maintain peace
and good order ?
Well, sir, the delegates to this convention were
elected. They went on and made a constitution;
they submitted that constitution; they applied
to it all the forms of law. Is it to be thrown
back upon these marauding and law-defying peo-
ple? Air. Chairman, if theje men had been cor-
rect, straightforward, honest men, when Governor
Walker told them to come fonvai d and vote—that
they should be protected in their rights at the
ballot-box: that he had troops there to protect the
polls; that if they had the majority they could
make just such a constitution as they chose; that
if they did not vote, the pro-slavery party would
elect theirdelegates, and they would be bound by
the result—I say, if they had been honest, cor-
rect men, why did they not come forward and
vote? Why, sir, they never wanted a constitu-
tion. The object of that party, from the very
moment they landed in Kansas, was to keep up
a political excitement, instead of making a con-
stitution, or abiding by wholesome laws. They
came there to rob, and some of them to murder.
I do not charge the patty which sent them there
with any improper motive. I make the charge
against the men who were sent there. The paity
were not pai tieular who were sent, to be sure.
The emigrant aid societies raised the funds, and
all whoVere willing to go were sent. Hence,
the worst men, perhaps, men out of employment
and of desperate characters, were forwarded to
Kansas—the very men, sir, disposed to keep up i
a continual disturbance of the public peace. Yet j
grave legislators have told us here that these men ,
arc good and law-abiding citizens! They were j
refused the exercise of the right of franchise, we j
are told, ond asked to have this constitution re- ;
ftrred back to them, that they may make another.
Now, sir, what authonty have we for thinking ■
that if the constitution Ik* u-fenvd bad;, they will j
make a hotter oiu? They haw lu-en at it for three ;
years already. We have Govtmui lleeder's |
statement that they piomised him to cease ma- i
rauding and disturbing the peace, and abide by
the ballot-box; and we have, too, the proof that
they were faithless to that promise. Notwith-
standing all this, and that the Legislature which
authorized the convention was legally elected, and
by a majority of the people, we are now begged
by these men to reject Kansas, because there is a
majority of the people opposed to this Lecompton
constitution. I deny that there is any such ma-
jority in Kansas. Although the free-State party
elected a majority of the last Legislature, and ten
thousand votes were cast on the 4th of January
against the constitution, there is no evidence to
my mind that they have a majority in that Terri-
tory. Take the list and examine it. * You find
some ten or fifteen counties registered, and that
those men gave, in those counties where the Le-
compton constitution received a pro-slavery ma-
jority of six thousand seven hundred votes, some
nine thousand six hundred votes, which is nearly
the entire vote. Nearly every vote they polled
was polled in those registered counties, where
some six thousand seven hundred votes had been
previously given for Lecompton. They gave,
too, five or six hundred votes more than were ab-
solutely registered in those counties. It is so
reported and believed by many; and there is some
evidence that they imported votes from Law-
rence, where they had a surplus, to Leavenworth,
where they were in a minority.
Mr. Chairman, let us examine this constitution.
"Oh ! "say our friends around us, "it should have
been submitted." They say that when the people
were called upon to vote, they were called lo vote
for the constitution with slavery, or for the con-
stitution without slavery; and that the only ques-
tion submitted was, whether the people should
raise slaves without importation of new ones, or
whether they should raise them and import them
too. That is an unfair statement of the question.
I think the convention acted more prudently than
they would have done if they had followed the ad-
vice of Governor Walker. What did he tell them?
He said: " Gentlemen, go on and form your consti-
tution ; make it free; protect what slaves are in the
Territory, and I have no doubt in the world but
that it will be adopted by a large majority of the
people of Kansas." What did they do? They
followed Governor Walker's advice, except in one
particular. They could not take upon themselves
the responsibility of making it a free State; but
they would do precisely as Governor Walker rec-
ommended. They would make stringent provis-
ions to protect what slaves were m the Territory.
'They would allow the men who owned slaves to
be protected in their rights. What then ? Then,
said they, instead of making it free, they would
submit the slavery clause to the people. If the
people struck out that slavery clause, then what?
Then, that it should be a free State, with the ex-
ception that the slaves in the Territory should
belong to their masters until compensation was
paid for them by the Legislature. I ask if there
is any solitary "free-State man, who has anyidea
of doing justice to the South, who would be in
favor of taking the two or three hundred negroes
there without compensation ? What would be the
consequence? It would raise a storm much more
dangeious and perilous than the admission or re-
jection of the Lecompton constitution would raise;
'tor the southern men who went there with their
slaves, under the Constitution of the United States,
never expected to surrender them without com-
pensation. It would be unjust to take them un-
less compensation were made. It would be as
much an act of injustice as if the slaves of Ken-
tucky were set free by this Government without
compensation.
What did this Lecompton constitution say?
Look at it as you please, and slavery is the
only question of controversy which is involved.
Strike slaveiy out of the Lecompton consti-
tution, and there would be no objection on the
part of those who now oppose it. If there had
boon no slavery question, there would have
been no trouble about Kansas. If those men of
the North had wanted to do what was strictly
right, and to make Kansas a free State, they
would, m my judgment, have come forward and
voted the shivery clause out. The Legislature
had authority, by paying their owners a fair price
for them, to emancipate the slaves that would be
then left in the Territory. As just men, as men
who desired peace, as men who desired to live in
