1688.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
him in aski ng for restoration, he shall receive that
justice at our hands. For the brief period which
■will elapse when each grade of the Navy may be
temporarily in excess, there will be but a small
increase of expenditure; but you will save the
pride and you will do justice to the individual
who has suffered this great wrong at our hands;
for, by the form of the law, it was left to the
board to see to the mariner of its execution.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Mississippi
seems to proceed upon the presumption that tne
board was wrong in its action, ana that, there-
fore, any attempt to adhere to the original policy
of the law, would do injustice to those who com-
plain of the action of these courts. It seems to
me that, as they acted under our law, it is fairer
to presume prima facie that they were correct. If
it be right to assume that they were not, I do not
see why the privilege should not be extended to
the class of persons proposed to be relieved by the
Senator from Delaware, as well as those whom
the Senator from Mississippi proposes to relieve.
Nor do I see that it is any particular hardship on
the Navy; for, as I understood, it was at their re-
quest that a limit was put on the number of offi-
cers in the active-service list. It was to make the
corps more efficient; and it was to make them
more efficient by holding out greater inducements
and better opportunities for promotion. It is on
their account, as well as that of the public scrvicc,
that I desire to secure so ntucli of the policy of
the old law. I am willing that, when vacancies
occur, these gentlemen shall be nominated, if the
President should think proper to do so, to fill those
vacancies; but 1 am not willing, unless Senators
can show me that the original policy of the law
was wrong, to increase the number which that
law assigned as the proper number to be placed
on the active-service list.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator from
"Virginia that I have been led into error as to his
purpose. I will say to him further, with entire
deference, that he does not effect his purpose by
the proviso. An officer on the reserved list can-
not receive promotion. T lie re is no possibility
for him ever to get on the active list. The very
fact of his being on the reserved list puts him out
of promotion.
Mr. HUNTER. It was to relieve that very
fact that I was willing to vote for the joint reso-
lution of the Senator from Mississippi. If we
pass that, with the proviso, he still is iu the line
of promotion, because he can be nominated to a
vacancy. As the law now stands, on his view,
the President cannot nominate a man on the re-
served list to fill a vacancy in the active-service
list; but if his resolution be passed, the President
can nominate a man on the reserved list to fill a
vacancy on the active-service list. I say I am
willing to do that, provided we keep within the
limit originally fixed by the law, and do not in-
crease the number of officers in the active-service
list.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the proposition of the
Senator from Virginia will not be entertained by
this body. Its effect will be to defeat entirely that
modicum of justice which seems to have been con-
ceded unanimously by the Senate, with one or two
exceptions. Before the getting up of the unfortu-
nate retiring board, the number of captains in tjie
Navy was limited to sixty-eight. That board of
fifteen, that secret tribunal of which you have
heard, struck several captains from the list. The
object was to give promotion to gentlemen who
were impatient. It was the most infamous tribu-
nal that ever disgraced any nation under the sun.
Jt has no parallel whatever. In order to allow
some modicum of justice, the two Houses of Con-
gress agreed that the rule limiting the number of
captains to sixty-eight should be relaxed so as to
admit those who should be proved, on an open
trial, to have been unjustly treated by the secret
board. The friends of the board, by a hard strug-
gle in open session and elsewhere, first secured
the promotion of those men who had managed
adroitly to putTother people out and get their
places. Congress said that the number should be
enlarged pro tanto, so as to receive those to whom
injustice had been done. This was necessary,
because the confirmation of those who were pro-
moted, by virtue of the action of the board, was
pressed forward, and if the action of the board
were rescinded by u subsequent court, the whole
matter would be involved in difficulty. Now the
Senator from Mississippi proposes to carry out
this feature of the law of last year. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, if adopted, will
utterly destroy it.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand that the
proviso which I have offered will affect the action
of last session at all. The bill of last session en-
larged the number. The Senator from Mississippi
proposes to enlarge it further.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am aware of that; but I say
the amendment destroys the principle of the res-
olution of the Senator from Mississippi, which I
believe to be correct. It is simply to give these
officers, who have been subjected to the disad-
vantages of which that Senator very correctly
spoke, a right which other officers in the military
and naval service have. Other officers, when sub-
jected to the action of a court of inquiry or a court-
martial, have a right to call for the approval or
disapproval by the President of the United States
of the action of the court. The President may
perceive that the judgment of one of the courts of
inquiry is wrong; he may be convinced that the
officer is worthy to be returned into the active ser-
vice of the country, and that he has been badly
treated by the first board; and yet the Senator
from Virginia says, by his'proviso, that the Pres-
ident shall not redress the wrong until vacancies
occur in the ordinary course of events.
When a batch of two hundred promotions was
presented to us in consequence of this action of
the revising board, the Senate took them all in a
bunch, but now each case is to be scrutinized.
The idea of the law of last year was, that if any
man hadbeenservedunjustly,you would putlnm
where he was before the wrong action took place,
and this resolution only carries out that policy.
In order to do this, Congress agreed to relax the
rule limiting the number of officers in each grade.
If that was just—and there seems to have been
very little objection to it—why not give the Pres-
ident a further opporlunily to redress the wrong
by relaxing the rule still further? The proposi-
tion of the Senator from Virginia strikes at the
principle of the measure, extorted, I may say, by
the general demand of the country and by the ini-
quity of the original proceeding, from the Senate
and House of Representatives at the last session,
and almost unanimously acquiesced in by Con-
gress.
No one of the twelve or thirteen hundred offi-
cers in our military and naval service can have
the slightest censure passed on him without being
subjected to this general law, which has obtained
from the foundation of the Republic. Oftentimes
there is first a court of inquiry, and then a court-
martial; but the sentence must be approved by the
President of the United States before it can take
effect. We are now simply amending a defect in
the last law on this subject, and requiring this
proceeding to be subject to the approval of the
President, as in all other cases, by the general
law of the land.
I was opposed to having as many as sixty-eight
captains. 1 was opposed to the promotions made
by the action of the naval board, because I thought
they gave us twice as many post captains as we
ought to have in the service. If those promotions
had not been made we should not have had half
this difficulty. It was then insisted by the chair-
man of the Naval Committee that we had not
enough officers in any of the grades, but needed
a larger number.
He stated that the public service demanded it.
I differed from him on that point, and I thought
the places should be kept vacant, in order to al-
low the restoration of those who had been im-
properly displaced. If any one is to be kept back,
let it be the man who has obtained a place from
which another has been improperly dismissed.
If an officer has been treated with injustice, if he
has been wronged by a secret tribunal, if the Pres-
ident and Senate believe his record entitles him to
restoration to the active-service list, let him be
restored; and if any one is to be displaced, let it
be the man who wrongfully holds the position of
the officer who has been improperly driven from
the service of the country.
Mr.-HUNTER. A very few,words will, I
think, enable mo to show that there is nothing in
my amendment inconsistent with the principle of
the joint resolution. As I understand it, the res-
olution was introduced because, in the opinion
of the Senator from Mississippi and others, the
President cannot nominate from these ranks to the
active-service list, for the reason that the law for-
bids it; and that might very well be the founda-
tion of such a resolution. There is another class-
of opinion here, which holds that the President
can, under his general constitutional po^er, Ml
vacancies in the active list by appointments from
the Reserved list. It is to reconcilc these opinions
and to effect what all agree may properly be donfe
to enable the President to fill vacancies by appoint-
ments from the reserved list, that I am willing to
see this resolution introduced and passed. There
may be a further purpose on the part of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, with which I do not sym-
pathize,and that is, to allow those who have failed
before the second board to get another chance for
a trial.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not a trial.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir, it is another chance
for a trial. It is a trial before the President. It
is an appeal from the second court of inquiry to
the President. I voted for the bill under which
these second courts of inquiry were held. I
thought it was an act of justice due to the officers
who had been retired, that they should be heard;
but when I voted for that bill, I supposed the find-
ings of these courts of inquiry would be final and
conclusive. It seems, however, that there are
many here who are still dissatisfied with these
findings, I am willing to say that the President
may, notwithstanding the law, do what, in -the
opinion of some gentlemen, he has a right- to do,
under the Constitution. If he does not increase
the number to which the law has limited the offi-
cers of the Navy, I see no reason why he may
not nominate to vacancies from any of these lists.
To that extent 1 am willing to go, and I will con-
sent to the passage of this resolution because, un-
der the existing laws there arc some, among them
my friend from Mississippi, who think the Pres-
ident will be restricted from making such nom-
inations unless the existing restrictions be pro
tanto repealed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The position of the Sena-
tor from Georgia is plausible, but I think it is
unsound. He assumes that this proceeding is in
the nature of a court-martial or court of inquiry,
and that it necessarily involves, not only the ex-
amination, but the approval of the President. I
differ from him on that point altogether. If the
bill which we passed at the last session had pro-
vided that, in case the President did not approve
the finding of the board in any individual case,
lie might,nevertheless,nominate the officer to the
Senate, the case would have presented a different
aspect. The argument of the Senator from Geor-
gia is founded on that idea. He says this is only
carrying out the principle of that bill; and he there-
fore assumes that, when that bill was passed, it
was intended that the President should have the
power of reappointing such persons as might be
recommended by the courts for reappointment to
the active list; that he should also have the power,
if he did not approve the findings of the courts,
to reappoint to active service those whom the
courts decided ought to remain in the position in
which they were first placed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that is the true con-
struction of the act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think differently from
the Senator from Georgia. If that is the true
legal construction of the act the President can do
it now, and there, is no necessity for passing this
resolution to enable him to do it. The bill would
have presented itself to my apprehension in a
very different shape, with a very different mean-
ing, if it had said what the Senator now assumes
that it meant, to wit, that the President should
have powerto review all the proceedings of these
courts. I hold that it was not intended to give
him any such power. The board provided for
by the original law placed some officers on the
reserved list, and some on the furlough list, and
some itstruck off the rolls of the Navy altogether.
' The President, then, had powerto approve or dis-
approve its action. Having approved it, the mat-
ter was settled so far as the officers were con-
cerned. Then we passed the act of 1857, not to
give the President power to replace these gentle-
men in the Navy except in case of a certain result.
What was that result? It was that a court to be
appointed in pursuance of the provisions of that
act, should find that they ought to be restored to
active service, and their position upon the fur-
