246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 11,
leugh list or leave-of-absence list changed. Now
the Senator assumes that the object of the act was
Bot only to give the President power to act in re-
storing these officers in pursuance of the finding
ef a court, but that it was also to give the Presi-
dent power to act in opposition to the finding of
the court. No such construction I apprehend can
be well founded. If the construction of the Con-
stitution be as is contended, that the President has
not power to fill a vacancy by the appointment of
an officer on the reserved list in case he should
recover from his disability, I might be willing to
grant that power; but I am not willing to give
him power to override these decisions which have
been made consecutively, one after the other, in
opposition, as I contend, to the true intent and
meaning; of the act passed last year.
Mr. HAMLIN called for the yeas and nays on
Mr. Hcnter's amendment; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say a very few words
before giving my vote for this amendment. Ever
since the action of the board of fifteen was pro-
mulged to the country, the legislation by which
we have made attempts to remedy it, I think, has
thrown us into still greater difficulties. I was one
of those who believed that the action of that board
inflicted avital blow on the character of our Navy.
I have never yet seen reason to change that belief.
At the last session, itwas the pleasure of the two
Houses, by the iaw of 1857, to endeavor to re-
pair some of the mischiefs which resulted; and in
that endeavor, it was considered b"y the friends
of that measure, of whom I was not one, that it
was necessary to enlarge the number of officers
in the Navy, pro hac vice, in order to admit the
operation of that law. It was a necessary expe-
dient., I dare say, but a very clumsy one; one that
had been entailed on us, however, by the action
of the board.
Now, as I understand, the proposition of the
Senator from Mississippi is to give power to the
President to nominate to the Senate for restora-
tion to the active list officers who have gone before
these courts, and have been rejected by them. I
do not doubt that the President possesses this
power without any legislation on our part; but
still I should have no objection to vote for the
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi, un-
less it again enlarges the number of the officers
of the Navy. Certainly no one who reasons as
I do can doubt that the operation of the retiring
board was one which the board thought necessary
to thin the ranks. There were too many officers
for the ships then, and in consequence of that, as
far as I couid see, they sought every occasion
against every officer of the Navy if possible to
disable him and put him aside, in order that they
might get promotion.
Now, in the endeavor of the last Congress to
remedy the evil inflicted on the Navy by that re-
tiring board, they found themselves under the
necessity of enlarging the number of officers, al-
ready too large; and if the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi carries, without the restraint
placed on it by the limitation proposed by my col-
league, the effect of it will then be to again enlarge
it. For these reasons—although I shall vote for
the resolution of the Senator—I cannot agree to
onlarge the number of officers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mycolleague
[Mr. Sebastian] has paired off with the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Jones.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays re-
sulted—yeas 24, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Clay, Collamer,
Purkee, Evans, Fessenden, Filch. Fitzpatrick, Poster,
Hamlin, Hammond, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, John-
son of Teliliesf.ee, King, Mal 1 o.rv, Mason, Stuart, Tium-
bull, Wade. Wilson, and Vulee—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Broderick, Chandler, Clark,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Boolittle, Douglas, Foot, Green,
Gwui, Hale, Hailan, Houston, tvercon, Kennedy, Folk,
Seward, Simmons, Toombs, and Wright—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 25, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Clay, Collamer,
I>utkoe, Evans, Fessenden, Fitch, Fftzpatrick, Foster,
Hamlin, Hammond, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, John-
son of Tennessee, King, Mallory, Mason, Slidell, Stuart,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Brodenck,, Chandler, Clark,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Foot, Green,
Gwin, Hale, Harlan, Houston, Iverson, Kennedy, Polk,
Seward, Simmons, Toombs, and Wright—22.
So the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and was read the third time
and passed.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary,
stating that he had received from Samuel Medary,
Governor of the Territory of Minnesota, a copy
of the constitution of Minnesota, together with
an abstract of the votes polled for and against said
constitution, at the election held in that Territory
on the second Tuesday of October last, certified
by the Governor in due form; which, on motion
of Mr. Dodglas, was referred to the Committee
on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of December 22, estimates for the improve-
ment of certain harbors on Lake Erie.
Mr. STUART. I move that the report be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say beforehand, as a
protection to this Secretary of War, and with
some regard for his predecessor, that I hope the
fact of his answering a call, and sending in these
estimates, will not hereafter be quoted against him
as a recommendation for these works. I heard
no recommendation in his letter.
The report was referred to the Committee on
Commerce; and the motion to print was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
REGISTER TO BARK JEHU.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senate to take up two
little bills, which were reported by me last week
from the Committee on Commerce—one to au-
thorize the issue of a register to the bark Jehu,
and the other to authorize the issue of a register
to the steamer Fearless. I will say that they are
reported unanimously by the committee, and they
are approved by the Secretary of the Treasury.
There is no objection, that I can see, to their pas-
sage. I hope the Senate will pass them, as I am
told, with respect, at least, to the bark Jehu, that
she is waiting in the port of Boston for a register
to be granted bofore she sails.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 50)
to authorize the issue of a register to the bark
Jehu was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. Its object is ex-
pressed in its title.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the tlurd time, and passed.
REGISTER TO THE STEAMER FEARLESS.
The bill (S. No. 51) to authorize a register to
be issued to the steamer Fearless was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the issue of a register to the
steamer Fearless, under that name, a foreign-built
vessel, and now owned in part by J. M. Estelle,
of San Francisco, on satisfactory proof to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury that the steamer is wholly
owned by citizens of the United States, and that
the repairs put upon her in the United States,
while thus owned, are equal to three fourths of
her cost when repaired.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ARREST OF ■WILLIAM WALKER.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say to the Senate that
if there be any desire on the part of Senators to
debate the motion which I made on Thursday,
to refer the' President's message in relation to
Walker and Nicaragua to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, I shall not now insist on the ref-
erence; but I move to take up that motion with a
view to have it acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the next
business in order. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Virginia that the message of
the President of the United States in relation to
Nicaragua be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. MASON. I have no desire whatever to de-
bate that matter, but have refrained from it. I
with very great deference and respect submit to
the Senate that it would be better perhaps to al-
low the reference to be made, and let the debate,
if one is to arise, be on the principles announced
in the report of the committee. If there is to be
debate, I will not, of course, insist on the motion
at this hour.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 11, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. B. N. Brown.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the laws
and journals of the Legislature of the Territory of
Nebraska; which were referred to the Committee
on Territories.
A!so,acommunication transmitting copies of the
accounts of persons charged with the disburse-
ment of goods, moneys, and effects, for the bene-
fit of Indians, from the 1st of July, 1856, to the
30th of June, 1857; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, in answer to a resolution of the House of
4th of January, 1858, calling for the last report
of Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Graham, on the har-
bors of Lake Michigan; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
CHILDREN OP JOHN NEIL.
The SPEAKER presented a bill from the Court
of Claims, which had been overlooked in the re-
port of bills presented several days ago, for the
relief of the surviving children of John Neil, de-
ceased; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
CALL OF THE STATES.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was on the motion submitted on Mon-
day last by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] to suspend the rules for the introduction of
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the States be again called for the intro-
duction of bills and resolutions to which no objection shall
be made ; and that upon such call it shall be m order for
any mtmber to introduce more than one such bill or reso-
lution.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to modify
the resolution, so that it shall read as follows; and
I move to suspend the rules, to permit me to offer
it:
Resolved, That the States and Territories be called, bff-
ginning with the State of New York, for the introduction
of bills; and that each member be permitted to introduce,
on motion for leave, without debate, a% many bills as lie
desires, for reference only, and such resolutions as may not
be objected to.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 102,
noes 46.
Mr. PHILLIPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB. I ask whether an objection to a
bill introduced under this resolution would not
carry it over? I wish to know whether this rule
does not apply to bills as well as resolutions.'
The SPEAKER. It does not, as the Chair un-
derstands it. The Chair understands that, under
the resolution as modified by thegentleman from
Ohio, if objection is made to the introduction of
a bill, the question will be put and decided'by a
majority of the House, on a motion for leave.
Mr. KE1TT. 1 wish to inquire whether a dis-
position upon the part of any member to debate
a bill would not carry it over?
The SPEAKER. It would not, in the opinion
of the Chair, if the resolution should be adopted.
