1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
harmony with their neighbors and brethren, ought
they not to have come forward at first, and voted
against the slave clause? Then what? A pro-
spective law might have been passed by the Le-
gislature emancipating all the slaves iri_ Kansas,
providing at the same time for paying their
owners a fair valuation for their property; and
thereby Kansas might have been made a free
State.
But what are you now called upon to do ? You
are called upon to turn round and say that those
men who have refused from the start to submit
to law, "who have organized their forces, and have
their captains, their lieutenants, and other officers,
that thos$ men who have threatened and forced
the free-State Democrats to join them by abusing
them and their wives, and threatening to drive
them outof the Territory unless they joined them
—I say you are called upon to say that that party
is right, and that the constitution should have
been submitted to them, and that they should have
had the opportunity to say whether they were in
favor of that constitution or not. That is not,
Mr. Chairman, the way, in my judgment, in
which'agoodgovernmentcanbecarried on. The
object of law always is to protect the weak from
the encroachments of the strong and the vicious.
Here is a party—and there is no denying it—with
a military leader. He has his men, and they have
decidedly the advantage of the Federal troops.
The Federal troops have only the right to fight
when necessary; but they have no right to Vote.
But General Lane and his men have both the right
to fight and to vote. But they prefer to do neither.
They kept up a great parade, kept themselves
marshaled, and sallied out at one time to disturb
one neighborhood; but as soon as they knew that
the Federal troops were ordered out to punish
them, they would be suddenly found in another
place. Their whole object and aim from the be-
ginning was to keep up a continual disturbance
m the Territory—not to vote, nor to organize a
peaceable government there, but to keep that
country in continual turmoil.
Now, the newspapers in Kansas and in the
northern States were filled with statements that
the people of Kansas were down-trodden; that
they were suffering wonderful afflictions from the
border-ruffians; that they had been driven from
the polls; and that they were denied the right of
suffrage. What was the effect ? The effect was
to arouse a feeling of revenge in the bosoms of
northern men. At the North they heard but one
side, and that was that the people who had gone
to Kansas from the North were down-trodden and
abused; and hence it was that they were for see-
ing them placed right.
Mr. Chairman, there is a radical difference be-
tween the Democrats who stand upon the Kansas-
Nebraska bill and the Republicans. The Repub-
licans come out very boldly and honestly—and I
look upon the great mass of them as being as hon-
est as anybody—and tell us that if Kansas were
to come here by a very large majority of the bona
fide voters of that Territory, with a constitution
tolerating slavery, they would not. admit her; that
they look upon slavery as a moral and political
evil, and that they do not intend to vote for the
admission of another slave State. Well, I do not
know what that course will le'ad to, but it is frank
and open,and i adnnreit. Hut whatdo our Dem-
ocrats say ? In 185G we met at Cincinnati, and
united upon a set of principles—a platform—one
main feature of which was, that Kansas should
have the right to regulate her own social and do-
mestic institutions, slavery included, in her own
way. The presidential canvass was opened; ami
the Democrats of the North came forward, and
upon every stump they repudiated the idea that
the Legislature of Kansas was not a legal Legis-
lature. They spurned with contempt the reports
then circulated, that Kansas was down-trodden
and oppressed by the slave power. They said
that this matter was all a political trick; that it
was all intended to open anew the wounds of
bleeding Kansas in order to elect Fremont; that
it was to excite the passions of the free-State peo-
ple and to induce them to believe that the people
of the South had been doing injustice, and all this
was done to enable the North to elect their Re-
publican candidate.
But what do some of the northern Democrats
say now? They turn round and say that they
were mistaken; that those men in Kansas were
meek, and gentle, and pure men—just as pure as
they make men in Massachusetts; that they had
been raised and educated in that city of morals
and religion,Boston; that when they left Massa-
chusetts they were as pure as they could be. But
it seems to me there was an innate diabolical dis-
position in their hearts, and as soon as they were
brought into contact with the border ruffians they
became more devilish than the border ruffians
themselves. From the moment they entered the
Territory they have kept up one continual dis-
turbance, refusing to go to the polls to vote when
called upon to do so. They were unwilling to
take any constitution except the one which they
madeatTopeka; and that, too, in defiance of law.
Now their friends come forward and say, " do
not let us admit Kansas under this constitution;
it does not embody the will of the majority."
How are we to ascertain that will? If there are
ten thousand voters in Kansas, and six thousand
of them refuse to vote on any occasion, how can
you find out that the four thousand who have
voted do not express the will of the majority ? It
is a very common thing in some counties, where
there is no contest, that men are elected by less
than a one-third vote; and in a close contest in
States and counties, the men elected, nine times
out of ten, do not get a majority of the votes of
the State or county. There are always a number
of voters who do not go to the polls; and if their
votes were cast against the successful candidate,
he would be defeated.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what injurious effect
would follow the admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution ? Some men say that the
people there can alter their constitution before
18G4, and others say they cannot. I am no law-
yer, and do not propose to investigate that legal
question. All I have to say is this: if they have
the constitutional and legal right to alter it, let
them alter it. If they cannot, let them submit.
This thing was not thrown upon them suddenly.
They were fully advised of the consequences by
Walker and Stanton; and they were told that if
they refused to vote they must take the conse-
quences. They did refuse to vote. The conven-
tion met and the constitution was framed. That
constitution is now presented. Congress ought,
in my opinion, as an act of justice, leaving out the
technicalities of Itiw, to admit Kansas under that
constitution. I must confess to you that I have
but little sympathy for a party that stands out
stubbornly, and refuses to abide by the law; and
I am perfectly astonished at my Democratic friends
who come forward and preach up the purity and
honesty of those whom, in 18;>o, they denounced
as traitors and rebels.
The question is not so much as to whether Kan-
sas should bo a free State or a slave State. But
the question is, whether the public mind should
be allowed to have repose fiom this matter which
has been agitating it for years past. The South
should have confidence in the North; the North
should have confidence in the South; they should
have confidence that each would do justice to the
other. In 1856, when we were in conflict with
the American party, we told them that their whole
party in the North was abolitionized, and that,
if the South expected to get justice she must look
to the Democratic party North. We held up the
State conventions of the Democratic party, and
the speeches of their leaders, in which they stated
that they intended to stand by the principle of
non-intervt ntion, by the principles of the Kun-
sas-Nebrasl.a bill, and thatthey regarded that act
as just in all its parts.
Now, what did our friends of the American party
say on that occasion? They said to us, your
northern Democrats are promising very fairly,
but you will see how they will carry out those
promises if the people of Kansas recognize sla-
very in their constitution. They said that when
our Democratic friends came to be called upon to
vote on that constitution, the South would not
have the support of a corporal's guard. We con-
fidently believed otherwise; and I confidently be-
lieve still, that we have enough patriotism and
love of country left in the ranks of the Democracy
to carry this question. We have lost some friends
whose loss I regret exceedingly. The influence
of that loss wilfbe serious in the southern States.
So far as party is concerned, it would be ten thou-
sand times better that Kansas should be rejected
without Democratic votes. Some of our friends
are disposed to look upon these brother Demo-
crats of oars, who vote against Lecompton, as
having joined the Republicans. My judgment is,
that we will have a hard fight in 1860 with the
Republicans, and that we will need every one of
these Democrats to help us. I am opposed to
turning one of them out; I fear that some of them
will go out themselves; but so far as I am con-
cerned I am in favor of keeping every one of them
that I can keep. My honest opinion about these
Democrats is, that when they come to examine
the whole ground in regard to this Lecompton
constitution, if they believe that there has been
fraud and wrong,and that there has been a gross
violation of right in getting up this Lecompton
constitution, it is their duty to vote against it.
But before they cast their vptes against it, there
should not rest on their minds one solitary doubt
as to the propriety of their course. They must
be fully satisfied. They must make up their
minds not as partisans and politicians. I know
that when the Democratic party parts with a
brother Democrat, it does so with reluctance.
We have stood shoulder to shoulder; have fought
the battle and won it; and it is with feelings of
deep mortification and regret that we are com-
pelled to part with them. But before they do vote
against us, I ask them to examine the whole his-
tory of this matter candidly and impartially; to
lay aside all outside issues; and then, if they be-
lieve that there has been a violation of right and
of justice, it is their duty, I repeat, as honest men,
to vote against this Lecompton constitution. Their
act will make a serious impression upon us at the
South. But, sir, mixed up with evils there is
always some good. When we go home and com-
mence talking about this question,and when north-
ern Democrats are held up to derision, and their
vote cast in our teeth, we can point to southern
gentlemen in this House and say that we had not
made all right at home; and that before we say
a solitary word against northern Democrats, we
ought to see that we ourselves present a solid and
compact column. We should first make pure our
own household before we turn round and criticise
our neighbor's.
That is all I shall say on this point, for I am
not at all accustomed to addressing public assem-
blies. I have never before addressed a legislative
body in my life. But, Mr. Chairman, I did not
makeup my mind on this subjectuntil I had given
it a most thorough scrutiny; until I had viewed
it in all its aspects calmly and dispassionately.
That scrutiny has led me to the conclusion that
it is right and just; that the interests of the Ameri-
can people require the admission of Kansas into
the Union, in order to restore peace and quiet to
that Territory.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if you refuse to settle
this Kansas difficulty at this time, what will
be the lesult? This Topeka party will, in all
probability, have the ascendency, and they wijl
liberate every solitary slave in the Territory.
What then ? Do you suppose these Missourians
will submit to it? Not at all. They will never
submit to it. The troubles of the Territory will
begin anew, and be kept up until 1860. The
Democratic party now desire to put down the
Republican party. They desire to keep a Re-
publican out of the presidential chair in I860, be-
cause, if he once gets there, theie will be danger.
If you send this constitution back to Kansas with-
out ratification, there is danger that the excite-
ment may go on until it produces bloodshed and
border war; and the difficulty will not be settled
before ISfiO, if then. Admit Kansas into the
Union, and what will be the result? There are
not a great many negroes there; there will not
be a great many there before 1860; and besides
that, her Legislature has the right, under the con-
stitution, to pay for the negioes, and then make
it a free State. Would it not be a great deal better
to contribute thus; would it not be better to raise
the necessary funds, even by contributions ? I
myself would contribute towards the purchase of
the slaves who are there, if they want to make it
a free State. That is the way to make peace in
the country.
The constitution which we have before us is
just in all its features. It is a good constitution.
The only difficulty about it is the slavery ques-
tion. But, if there is not a majority of the peo-
ple there in favor of slavery they are not going
to have slavery there. This constitution cannot
