1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24%
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 96, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bermott, Bilhnghurst,
Blair, Rrayton, Bryan, Buffinton, Burroughs, Case, Chaffee,
Chapman, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Co-
mms, Cox, Cragm, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis ot Mas-
sachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Podd, Durfee, Edie, I-en-
ton, Gartrell,Gihnan,Gihner, Goodwin, Greenwood, Grow,
Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harris, Haskin, Hatch, lloard, Howard, Kellogg, Kelly,
Kelsev, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach, Leitcr, Samuel S. Mar-
shall/Morgan, Morrill, Edwatd Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris,
Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Niblack,
Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Quit-
man Reagan, Ritchie, Robbing Royce, Russell, Sandidge,
John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Singleton,
Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, James A. Stewart, Wil-
liam Stewart, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thomp-
son Tompkins,Tnppe, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Wal-
ton Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bishop,
Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Caskie,
Clay, Clemens, Chngman, Cobb, John Cochrane, CockeriH,
Corning, Covnde, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Curry, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dowdell,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gar-
nett, Giddmgs, Gilhs, Goode, Gianger, Gregg, Hickman,
Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt,
Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Letcher, Love-
joy, Maclay, McQueen, Maynard, Montgomery, Peyton,
Phelps, Phillips, Ready, Reilly, Ricaud, Ruffin, Scales,
Scott, Searing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Stevenson, Talbot, Warren, Watkins,
White, Whiteley, Wmslovv, Woodson, Wortendyke, Au-
gustus R. Wught,and ZoliicofFer—86.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Underwood, was detained
from the House by sickness in his family.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committeeof the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I wish to submit a report from
the Committee on Printing; and I hope the House
will receive it, as I am compelled to leave the city
this evening.
The SPEAKER. The report the gentleman
wishes to make would not, in the opinion of the
Chair, be a question of higher privilege than the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
suspend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I thought I was
recognized by the Chair before the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will yield the
floor for the gentleman to introduce his report.
PRINTING OF COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Printing, then introduced the following re-
port, and upon it demanded the previous question:
The Committee on Printing upon the part of
the House, to whom it was referred to inquire into
the expediency of printing ten thousand extra
copies of the letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating the report of the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1857,
report the following resolution:
Resoloci, That there be printed five thousand extra copies
oftiie letter oft lie Secretary of the Treasury, communicat-
ing the report of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey
for the year 1857; three thousand copies for distribution by
the Coa-t Survey offiee, and two thousand copies tor the
use of the members of the House ; and that the same be
printed and bound with the plates, in quarto fonn; and that
the printing of paid plates shall be done to the satisfaction
of the Superintendent of the (Joast Survey.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from Ten
nessee to withdraw the demand for the previous
question for a moment.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will withdraw
it for a moment, if the gentleman desires.
Mr. PHELPS. There is certain phraseology
in that resolution which I do not like. We have
a Superintendent of Public Printing, as well as a
Committee on Printing, and 1 am unwilling to de-
volve the duties of the Superintendent of Public
Printing, and of that committee, upon the chief of
the Coast Survey. I desire, therefore, to have the
words " that the printing of said plates shall be
done to the satisfaction of the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey" stricken out.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I cannot consent
to the modification which the gentleman desires.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to ask what is the
number of extra copies of this document usually
printed?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Theusualnum-
ber of extra copies has been ten thousand. With
that number, I hare myself been applied to by the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey to furnish
him with names of partiesin my district, to whom
he should send a portion of these books. They
have been sent there; but they are of no more use
to my constituents than so much blank paper.
This resolution cuts down the number to one half
of what has been printed heretofore. The Com-
mittee on Printing thought proper to print that
number which is necessary, and to leave out that
number which is wholly unnecessary; and of the
number ordered, to throw the larger proportion
into the hands of the Coast Survey office, in order
that they should be properly distributed, and to
the greatest good of the country.
And, sir, in answer to the question of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] I have to
say that the resolution does not in the least remove
the superintendence of this printing from the su-
pervision of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing. It requires only that the printing of the plates
shall be done to the satisfaction of the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, who is the only man
who can judge of the work. Moreover, this re-
port is made upon consultation with the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, and with the Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey, and is satisfactory
to both. I therefore move the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to propound another
inquiry to the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the call for the previous question for that
purpose ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I do.
Mr. PHELPS. What will be tho probable
cost for printing this work ? The reason for my
making the inquiry is this: the Committee of
Ways and Means have been called on to provide,
in a bill for the appropriation of money to sup-
ply the deficiencies for the printing of documents
ordered by the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth
Congresses. The committee have not been put
in possession of the exact amount of money ne-
cessary to defray the expenses for paper, printing,
engraving, and lithographing; but this much we
do know, that there will be due to the Public
Printers of the two preceding Congresses, when
they shall have executed the work which has been
ordered for printing, paper, engraving, and litho-
graphing, a sum little short of one million dollars,
in addition to what has been already appropriated
for the purposes of printing. Tho estimates which
have been submitted thus far, amount to nearly
seven hundred thousand dollars.
I therefore desire to inquire of the gentleman
from Tennessee whether lie is prepared to state
to the House the cost of this work? I am very
glad to see that he has reported in favor of a re-
duction of the number of copies, because at the
ast Congress we ordered too large an amount of
printing. 1 agree with him in the opinion he has
expressed, that this document is of little use to
the interior of the country.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. X will answer the
gentleman's question, for these facts ought to be
known to the House. The printing of the Coast
Survey report for the last Congress cost $3 75
per volume. This was the entire cost for paper,
printing, and engraving. It is one of the most
expensive works published by Congress. The
printing of five thousand copies will cost the Gov-
ernment, according to our estimates, (and they are
only approximate,) for material, plates, and print-
ing, the round sum of$20,000. By this resolution
we save to the Government the sum of $20,000,
which would be required in addition, if ten thou-
sand copies were ordered.
So far as the report of the Coast Survey is con-
cerned, I think that it was correctly stated by tho
gentleman from Missouri, that it was useless to
the interior. Therefore, why shall we not cut
down the number of extra copies? The proper
estimates will be furnished by the Superintendent
of Public Printing to the proper quarter, and then
provision can be made for appropriations to defray
tho expenses of the work. It is not part of the
business of the Committee on Printing to furnish
estimates to the House for this work, unless called
upon todo so. We have approximated it as nearly
as we can, and estimate that the printing of five
thousand copies will cost §20,000. I call for the
previous question, and I must hold on to it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw it for an inquiry. -
Mr. MORGAN. I also have an inquiry to make.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I decline to with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
move that the resolution be laid upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I submit that
motion.
Mr. BURNETT demanded tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia.' I wish for informa-
tion. Is not the number of this document which
is usually ordered to be printed thirteen hundred
and seventy-five ?
The SPEAKER. The usual number is ten
thousand.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; that is the
extra number. It is desirable to have informa-
tion on this subject.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
Chair has given all the information he had.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to ask
a question ?
The SPEAKER. Of whom?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the usual
number printed anyhow? The extra number we
know.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Fifteen hundred
and thirty. They have been ordered already.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We get that num-
ber in any event.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Smith, of Virginia; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 84, nays 122; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adrain, Andrews, Avery, Bennett,
Iloyee, Burnett, (Jaskie. Clay, Clemens, Cobb, Coekerill,
Cragm, Burton Craige, Curry. Curtis, Davis of Mississippi,
Dodcl, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Garnett,
Gilhs,Goode,Goodwin.Greenwood,Gregg, Robert B. Hall,
Hiirlan,Thomas I„ Harris, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kellogg, John C. Kunkel. Leiter,Letcher, Humphrey
Marshall. Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miller, Montgomery,
Moore, Morgan. Isaac N. Morris, Murray, Olin,Pendleton,
l'ettit, Peyton, riielps, Potter, Powell, Reagan, Kuffin. San-
didge, Savage, Scales, Henry M. Slraw, John Sherman,
Shorter, Robert Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Stephens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Trippe, Warren,
Cadwalader V. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wat-
kins, Window, Wood, Augustus R. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zolhcofl'er—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Barks-
dale. Billmirluirst, Bingham. Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie,
Branch, Drayton, Brvan, Buffinton, Ilurliliganic, Burns,
Burroughs, Case. Chatlee, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Claw-
ton, Clnismail, Clark IS. Cochrane, John Cochrane,Colfax,
Coinins, Corning. Covode, Cox, Crawford, Davidson, Davis
ot Maryland, Davis oI'Massaehusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dcail, Dewart, Dick, Dununck, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie,
FanibWorth, Fenton. Florence, Foley, Foster, Gartrell,
Giddings, Gihnan, Gilmer, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow,
I,awrenee W. Hall. J. Morrison Harris, Ha«kin, Hatch,
Hickman, Hoard, Ilorton, Huvler, Owen Jones, Keitt,
Kell}', kelsey. Kil'joie. Kitapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar,
Landy, Leaoh, Leidy, Lovejoy, Maclay, MeKibbm, Me-
aueen, Maynard. Mori ill. Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H.
Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Niblack, Nichols, Palmer, Phillips,
Pike, Purvianee, Quitman. Ready, Reilly, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Robbing, Robeits, Royce, Russell, Searing, Seward, Aaron
Shaw, Judson W. Sherman. Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
James A. Stewart, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Ward, Israel Washburn, White, Wlutelcy, Wilson,
Woodson, and Wortendyke—122.
So the Houso refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr KEITT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Miles, was detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. TALBOT said that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he would have
voted in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER, stated that the question re-
curred on seconding the call for the previous ques-
"mV. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would ask
the gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw the call
for the previous question until I move an amend-
ment to substitute ten thousand for five thousand,
and afford the House an opportunity to vote be-
tween both numbers.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I decline to with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I hope
the House will vote down the proposition.
