1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Parrott.
Ho. of Reps.
were reluctantly discharged, no one appearing to
prosecute them. This instance will serve to show
that the process of the court was a mere pretext
to get possession of the persons whose influence
the Government had reason to fear. The Presi-
dentof the United States cheered on this diabolical
business,with special proclamations,with money,
with arms, and with men. The surveyor general's
office, under the auspices of Calhoun, was used
as a recruiting station, and the Government funds
to pay the recruits. A system of espionage was
instituted in the post offices, the mails habitually
ransacked, and offensive matter not unfrequently
pillaged and published. Batteries of cannon on
the banks of the Missouri river, the ordinary route
to the Territory, effectually closed it to emigra-
tion. The route through Nebraska, the onlyprac-
ticablcone left, was guarded by squadrons of dra-
goons. Trains of emigrants, irrespective of their
character or intentions, were stopped, and both
persons and property seized and detained. Mean-
time, a rendezvous was opened at Oxford—since
so prolific of election returns—to recruit a militia
force from Missouri, with which to desolate the
obnoxious settlements of the Territory, while m
this enfeebled condition, beyond the hope of re-
covery. This army, when, after several weeks,
it took up the line of march for the interior, num-
bered twenty-seven hundred men, well armed, and
fortified with eight pieces of cannon belonging to
the State of Missouri.
About this time, August, 185G, the most fright-
ful scene of all our history occurred—the sack of
Leavenworth. A mob, under the lead of a Fed-
eral office-holder, (he is still one,) assisted in the
command by other persons, who have since, by
virtue of their services on this occasion, been re-
warded with lucrative places under the present
Administration, took possession of the city. In-
nocent men were butchered by daylight in the
open streets, women and children were foiced,ut
the point of the bayonet, to fly from their homes;
larger numbers of citizens were constiained to
leave the country in order to save their livep; the
stores, warehouses, and private dwellings of the
city were forced open, and their valuable contents
distributed among this ruffian band. Some per-
sons, with their families, sought she-lter in a Uni-
ted States garrison, close at hand. They were
shortly ordered away. It may be well imagined
with what feelings of mortification this hi tie band
of sufferers turned away from the Hag of then-
country, ample indeed to protect an American cit-
izen from indignity m any part of the woild,save
his own. The whole country was infested with
roving bands of ruffians. Manifold ami most foul
murders were commuted. Long afterwauls the
bodies of missing men were found unbuned where
they fell. This desperate condition of things
forced the rural population to abandon their
homes, and seek safety in fortified camps. The
industrial interests of the country paralyzed, want
became wide-spread. I have not time to note par-
tieulaily the many affecting and deplorable inci-
dents that mark this reign of terror. It was pro-
tracted through many months, abated somewhat
to meet the exigencies of a pending presidential
election, but renewing itself with more or less
fury, after that motive for modified action had
passed away.
These occurrences,whichIhave rapidly glanced
at, make up what the President, in his annual
message, is pleased to style " the alatming con-
dition of Kansas at the time of my (his) inaugu-
ration.'* Twelve months have rolled by since he
ascended the seat of power, and what is the con-
dition of Kansas now > IIow have we profited by
the change ? Have we less of the corrupt and prof-
ligate crew of Federal officials, whose presence
has so long cursed the country? Not only do the
old offenders remain, but new appointments have
been made, if possible, more insulting, intolera-
ble, and outrageous than the preceding ones. No
other test of fitness has been sought for or applied,
save a clear complicity with the crimes that have
characterized the career of the Administration
party in the Territory. Most of these appointees
are in this city to-day, fugitives from the aroused
vengeance of the people, hiding here in the shadow
of the White House. One of these appointees,
at the time of his appointment, stood indicted for
murder and other heinous crimes. This fact was
notorious; the President knew it. The appoint-
ment was made, and then the law officer of the
President promptly stepped forward and entered
a" nolle prcsequi" on the bill. Thus, a second
time , was interposed the hand of authority to save
a criminal from the consequences of his crime.
Has the army; been withdrawn ? It is well known,
that under this, as under the lust Administration,
it has been used to support all the reckless and
desperate schemes of the pro-slavery party. Did
not its bugle so mid the charge of ruffians on the
ballot-box in the elections of December and Jan-
uary last* It will hardly be denied. And the
judges, whose fame for corruption has passed
into a proverb—where are they ?
Stiil on the bench, to darken and degrade the
highest offices of human intellect; to fulminate
dccrces inspired by passion, and shock the con-
science of Christendom by an open prostitution
of the law, punishing the innocent, but scrccni-ng
the guilty. Such is the alarming condition of
things now, not less than a twelvemonth ago.
Nor this alone. In this twelvemonth, an inter-
mediate work of most fearful augury has begun.
The Lecompton constitution hns been framed.
The President sends it here, as the finale of the
Kansas troubles. It will be observed that I do
not present that constitution, although I am the
organ of that people upon this floor. That blow
at their rights cannot be stricken through me. On
the other hand, in the course of my duty, I have
had occasion, from time to time, to lay before
this House much pertinent testimony against it;
protests from the people by their conventions;
protests from the people by their Legislature,
indicating the indignant and almost unanimous
disapproval of it by those who arc falsely said to
have franicd it, and for whose benefit it is with
still greater falsity said to be intended. The law
to which this instrument is icfeiable was enactcd
m Fobiuary of 1857. The Legislature in which
it originated consisted of a Council, choscn on
the 30th March, 1855, still holding over, and a
House of Representatives, choscn in October,
185G, under the operation of the test oaths. I
shall be told that Congress has pronounced this
Legislature valid, and their laws binding. It may
be so. This assumption is m fact the ground-
work of all the assaults against the cause of pop-
ular rights in the Territory. But I deny that such
action on the p<n t of Congress can estop the peo-
ple of Kansas from pleading the facts of the case.
Congress cannot change truth into falsehood,
nor falsehood into truth These qualities are in-
herent in the essence of things; they arc inde-
structible, unchangeable, and eternal. The people
of Kansas will maintain, doggedly if you please,
the truth of their history, though every Congress,
for a century to come, should vainly seek to falsify
it by short-sighted attempts to cnact right into
wrong.
The usurpation of the 30th March, 3855, is a
persistent truth. It cannot be forgotten; it must
not be ignored. It taints with its pestilent touch
every subsequent actof the territorialgovernment,
from the day on which it was seized to the day
when the last ballot-box was stuffed, and the last
return forged to complete a simulated showing in
behalf of this Lecompton constitution.
Although I deny that the conditions of valid law
are to be found in these enactments, or that they
were entitled to more attention than the people,
from motives of convenience or policy, might
choose to render them, yet, for the sake of this
discussion, J am willing to yiMd what gentlemen
on the other side claim on this point. From it let
them defend this constitution if they can.
1 assert, in the first place, that the Legislature
contemplated the commission of a gross fraud
when it passed the act to provide for the conven-
tion. The evidence of this is apparent from read-
ing the law itself.
The first section provides that it shall be the
duty of the sheriffs of the several counties of the
Territory, and they are hereby required, between
the 1st day of March and the 1st day of April,
1857, to make an enumeration of all the free white
male inhabitants, citizens of the United States,
over twenty-one years of age, and all other white
persons, actually resident in their several coun-
ties, &c.
Section two provides, that in case of a vacancy
in the office of sheriff, these duties shall be per*
formed by the judge of probate, &c.
The third section provides that it shall be the
duty of this officer to file in the office of probate
judge, on or before the 10th of April, a full and
complete list of all the qualified voters in their
respective counties on the first of April, 1857,
which list shall exhibit, in a fair and legible hand,
the names of all such qualified voters.
Section seven provides for an apportionment
on the basis of this returned list.
Section eight provides that no person shall vote
unless his name appear on the corrected list.
The nineteenth section districts the Territory
as follows: Doniphan county shall constitute the
first election district; Brown and Nehama, the
second; Atchinson, the third; Leavenworth, the
fourth; Jefferson, the fifth; Calhoun, the sixth;
Marshall, the seventh; Riley, the eighth; John-
son, the ninth; Douglas, the tenth; Shawnee,
Richardson, and Davis, the eleventh; Lykins, the
twelfth; Franklin,the thirteenth; WelJer, Breck-
inridge, Wise,and Madison,the fourteenth; But-
ler and Coffey, the fifteenth; Linn, the sixteenth;
Anderson, the seventeenth; Bourbon, McGee,
Donn, and Allen, the eighteenth; Woodson, Wil-
son, Godfrey, Greenwood, and Hunter, the nine-
teenth.
Four other countics—to wit: Clay, Dickenson,
Washington, and Pottawatomie—are not so much
as mentioned in the law. "What! wish to call par-
! ticular attention to is the fact, conclusive of fraud
I by the Legislature, that fourteen of the counties
j thus enumerated were without any county organ-
ization, and of course without a sheriff or pro-
bate judge; and therefore destitute of the only ma-
chinery provided by law for taking the census and
registration. This appears to have been done de-
liberately, as no provision is anywhere made for
such a thing as an unorganized county. Fifteen
counties were thus wholly excluded by the Le-
gislature from any possible participation in this
proceeding, [n addition to this, it appeared, on
the returns being made, that in the counties of
Anderson, Franklin,and Breckinridge,(organized
counties,) the officers had failed to take a census
and registration. Here, then, we have fourteen
countics named in the act, but with no provision
whatever for a census and registration, and four
counties not named at all, and of course excluded,
making in all eighteen counties deliberately dis-
franchised by the Legislature. To this is to be
added the three counties in which the officers were
delinquent, and the aggregate of disfranchised
countics amounts to twenty-one—that is, more
than half the whole number into which the Ter-
ritory is divided.
This plain statement must settle this point—it
cannot be further controverted. In order, how-
ever, to dimmish the force of this objection, it
is said that but few people were living in these
counties; not enough, as the argument runs, to
have materially influenced the result. Let us see
whether this is true, in point of fact. In the elec-
tion of October last, the aggregate vote of this dis-
franchised district, under a law prescribing a six
months'previous residence, amounted to nearly
thiee thousand. Now, it will be observed, that
every one who was entitled to vote in October
would have been a voter at the election of dele-
gates to the convention, if his name had been re-
gistered. So far, then, from the voting popula-
tion of those counties having been insignificant,
it is quite ccrtam, on the other hand, that, if this
vote had been polled, as we are bound to presume
it would have been, if an opportunity had been
afforded, it was of sufficient strength to have
changed the complexion of the convention. If
we take into consideration the fact that three quar-
ters and more of this vote was cast in October, on
an issue involving this very Lecompton constitu-
tion, against that instrument, as I shall presently
show, it may be reasonably inferred that the ex-
clusion of it made the political complexion of the
constitutional convention what it was—pro-sla-
very.
In regard to the other counties m which the cen-
sus and registration were pretended to be per-
formed, I have only to say that there was well-
grounded complaint. The registration was par-
tial, imperfect, and to some extent fraudulent.
The aggregate of registered votes was nine thou
