296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March St,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Parrett.
Ho. of Reps.
sand and upwards. The election was held in June,
uninterruptedly, so far as I have heard. The con-
vention received less than two thousand votes.
But the-question is frequently put, why did you
not vote i For two reasons: first, we considered
the whole scheme to be a conspiracy, with which
it Was dangerous to be complicated; and, second-
ly, we relied on the distinct and emphatic pledge
of the President, given through Governor Walk-
er, that we should be protected in our reserved
right of voting for or against the instrument, when
it should pass from the hands of the convention.
A large majority of the people, beyond doubt,
were lulled into indifference or deluded into inac-
tion by this pledge of the President, authorita-
tively rendered them.
The convention organized in September, but
adjourned to await the issue of the October elec-
tion. For the first time in the history of the coun-
try, both parties met at the polls, after a long yet
peaceful canvass, in the full enjoyment of the right
of suffrage. The resultundemably indicated pub-
lic opinion. The free-State party bore off the
victory by five thousand majority. No issue of
the canvass was more widely discussed and bet-
ter understood than that which pertained to this
convention. The so-called Democratic party in-
dorsed it, and their candidate for Congress openly
declared that he would, if elected, advocate the
admission of the State under it, whether it was
' submitted to the people or not. On the other
hand, the free-State party, through their Repre-
sentative, declared the convention to be a fraud to
the bottom, from which nothing could originate
that deserved their respect; and that the consti-
tution, if submitted to the action of the people,
should be trampled down; and if not submitted
to thepeople, they had the pledge of the President
that Congress should reject it, or at least his in-
fluence to that end. This popular monition was
notthrownaway on the convention itself. When
they met again, it was underthe protection of the
United States Army. Henceforth its sessions
were thus protected. On the 7th of November,
the convention finished its work and adjourned.
The constitution they had framed was not sub-
mitted to a vote of the people for approval or re-
jection—nor was any substantive part of it thus
submitted. A proposition relative to the future
importation of slaves was submitted; but the dis-
position of that, whateverit might be, could in no
manner affect the stains of the negro under tho
futureStategovernment. Slavery was thoroughly
tingrafted in the instrument. For these reasons,
the people despise and abhor this constitution.
This fact cannot be doubted. It was proven by
the election in October last; it was demonstrated
by the joint resolutions of the representatives of
the people assembled in the Territorial Legisla-
ture, which I have had the honor to present to
this House, and which now stand on your rec-
ords; it was demonstrated last, and best of all, by
a specific vote to that effect on the 4th of January
last, under a law of the Legislature, when more
than ten thousand votes were given against it. On
the other hand, the Lecompton party has, with
characteristic recklessness, perpetrated the most
gigantic frauds on the ballot-box, in order to fab-
ricate a showing of popularity for their scheme.
At the pretended submission of the constitution,
in December, there wore for the constitution with
slavery six thousand one hundied and forty-three
votes; for the constitution without slavery, five hun-
dred and sixty votes—in all, about seven thou-
sand, of which a majority of five thousand five
hundred was in favor of the slavery proposition.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to obtain from
the gentleman a statement of fact to which my
attention was particularly called, in the course of
iny remarks yesterday. The gentleman has re-
ferred to the vote of ten thousand majority given
by the anti-Lecomptonites at the election on the
4th of January. I wish the gentleman to give us
the benefit of his knowledge as to the fraud ulency
or the fairness of that particular vote. How
many, if any, of that vote have been ascertained
subsequently to the vote to be fraudulent? I
should be glad to ascertain the fact as to the gen-
uineness of that vote.
Mr. PARROTT. I shall bo very happy to fur-
nish the gentleman from Kentucky with all the
information which I have on the subject. I have
not heard any person in the Territory, and I do
not now recollect that I have heard any person
here, charge that any of these votes were fraudu-
lent. I remember having been present when a
discrepancy was supposed to have been discov-
ered between the vote cast in the city of Leaven-
worth in October, and the vote cast in January.
I refer to a discussion on this point in the Senate
Chamber. The discrepancy is easily accounted
for. No person could vote in October, except
such as had previously resided six months in the
Territory; while the qualification in January was,
if I am not mistaken, merely a bona fide residence
at the time. That sufficiently accounts for the
discrepancy; for between the 1st of April, 1857,
and the 4th of January, 1858,1 should say (speak-
ing without a precise knowledge, however) that
the voting population had almost doubled itself.
I may say, therefore, that I do not know, nor do
I believe, that any portion of that vote was fraud-
ulent.
Mr. PEYTON. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. PARROTT. Certainly, with pleasure.
Mr. PEYTON. I see, from the minority re-
port made in the Senate by Mr. Douglas, that in
the eighteen counties registered there were nine
thousand six hundred votes polled against the
constitution on the 4th of January; that the cen-
sus showed nine thousand two hundred and fifty
votes on the 91st of December. The pro-siavery
party polled six thousand seven hundred votes for
the constitution. So that the vote polled against
the constitution on the 4th of January was fouror
five hundred more than the whole number of regis-
tered voters. Now, 1 want to know if these six
thousand seven hundred voters, who voted for the
Lecompton constitution on the 21st December,
turned round and voted against tho constitution
on the 4th of January, or arc there sixteen or sev-
enteen thousand voters in those counties ?
Mr. PARROTT. I would say to my friend
from Kentucky, that I am coming to that point.
Undoubtedly, there are not so many voters in the
registered counties. A commission, appointed
by the Legislature of Kansas, composed of most
reliable men, have had this subject under inves-
tigation. It appears from their report, based on
the testimony of the judges and clerks of some of
the election precincts, that, of tho six thousand
votes and upwards cast in December, nearly one
half wore fraudulent. These fraudulent votes,
too, were discovered mainly at three precincts.
Of the votes cast, or pretended to be cast, on the
21st December, nearly one half—three thousand
and twelve—were obtained at the precincts of
Oxford, Shawnee, and Kickapoo, in this propor-
tion: Oxford, one thousand two hundred and
sixty-six; Shawnee, seven hundred and twenty-
nine; and Kickapoo, one thousand and seventeen.
A recent census of these precincts shows the
whole number of white inhabitants in Oxford to
be forty-seven; in Shawnee, one hundred; and in
Kickapoo, not to exceed three hundred. It is
safe, therefore, to say that, of tho whole number
of votes cast, or pretended to be cast, on the 21st
December, not over two thousand were polled by
actual citizens of the Territory. This will ac-
count for the apparent surplus as to the registered
vote.
I may be allowed to say further, in this con-
nection, that the very valuable labor of the com-
mission to which I have adverted discloses the
precise manner, in some instances, in which this
vote was gotten up. It was forged. Tho names
of those who committed the crime are tn the evi-
dence. No candid man who reads that testimony
can have a doubt left in his mind of the unscru-
pulous character of these elections.
What is said of the election of the 21st of De-
cember is also applicable to the election of the
4th of January. By such flagrant frauds as these,
the impression was sought to be made upon the
country that there was popular support given to
this constitution in the Territory.
Mr. PEYTON. In the election of State offi-
cers, how did it happen that they polled only four
thousand votes in the same counties where they
polled nine thousand six hundred votes against
the constitution ?
Mr. PARROTT. The gentleman is in error
as to the number of votes polled for State officers.
It was over six thousand, I believe—less by sev-
eral thousand, certainly, than the vote against the
constitution. This is explained in this way: the
regular convention of the free-State party decided
not to contest the election. Some gentlemen,
dissatisfied with this policy, or the manner of the
decision, or both, took the responsibility of put-
ting a ticket in the field. It was generally denom-
inated "the bolter's ticket." I mention this
fact to.show that it did not secure the united vote
of the anti-Lecompton men, and hence fell below
the vote cast against the constitution on the same
occasion.
I have gone far enough into this matter to show
that this constitution, so far from having any sup-
port among'the people, is in fact abhorred and
repudiated by them. It is branded with the in-
effaceable badges of fraud in its inception, prog-
ress, and consummation.
Now, I appeal to you, representatives of the peo-
ple, to know whether, with the evidences of fraud
standing thick upon it, you can give it the sanc-
tion of your support? If you do, you will force
the State into the Union against her wishes; and
such a union, without harmony or affection, will
breed immedicable distempers in the body-politic.
You may pass this constitution, but 1 respect-
fully submit that it is beyond even your power to
make a government under it.
It is but repeating an axiom of our political
theory, to say that there can be no government
without the consent of the people. Yes; you may
pass this constitution, but the people who are
thus perfidiously betrayed will never allow it to
stand between them and the inestimable .rights
which they have been taught to defend at every
sacrifice, not excepting that of life itself. Can you
expect that American citizens will tamely submit
to such a despotic measure ?
" At one of the last councils which Charles held, a re-
markable scene took place. The charter of Massachusetts
had boon forfeited. A question arose, how for the future
thecolonyshould be governed. The genera! opinion of the
boaid was, that the whole power, legislative as well as ex-
ecutive, should abide in the Crown. Halifax took ibe op-
posite side, and argued with gieat energy against absolute
monarchy, and in favor of representative government. It
was vain, he said, to think that a population spiung from
the English stock, arid animated by English feelings, would
long bear to be.deprived of English institutions. Life, he
exclaimed, would not be worth having, in a country where
liberty and property were at the mercy of a despotic mas-
ter."
Substantially, that question is reproduced here
to-day, after the lapse of two centuries, touching
the government of a distant dependency of the
United States—not now in the Cabinet of a totter-
ing King, but in the Council House of the Amer-
ican people, long accustomed to vaunt themselves
the freest on the globe. Life, indeed, I may say,
with that eminent English statesman, in this coun-
try, is not worth having, where liberty is at the
mercy of one despotic master, though that master
be the President of the United States. Where the
voluntary principle of Government ends, there
should revolution begin—not the right of revolu-
tion only, for that is inherent, but the exercise of
that right. Such a case may be made by the busi-
ness before us, presenting the alternative of revo-
lution or a submission to the inextinguishable
shame which the passage of this measure Will en-
tail upon us and our children after us.
Better, far better, would it be, in my opinion,
that the sunny slopes of our magnificent mediter-
ranean Territory should be stricken with the waste
of the desert, or smoke with the blood of our peo-
i pie, than that they should blossom, fructify, and
yield their increase to the hand of servile labor,
whether white or black. Knowing something of
the great spirit of that people, steeled as it has
been to suffering by years of patient fortitude, I
declare my confident conviction, in this presence,
that they cannot be dragooned into a tame com-
pliance with this great wrong.
" Easier were it
To hurl the rooted mountain from its base,
Than force the yoke of slavery on men
Determined to be free."
Most wonderful of all is it that this measure
should be mistaken for one of peace. Peace from
injustice 1 peace from oppression and fraud ! peace
from the destruction, in fact, of the great principle
of popular government, the enjoyment of which
can alone render peace honorable or even toler
able to an American citizen!
