1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
voice ? If the people withhold their votes at a
primary election, does that deprive^them of the
right to vo:e upon the great question of what
shall be their fundamental law? They did vote
on the 4th of January; and why disregard the
will of the people fully expressed at the ballot-
box ? This is not a question of whether the mi-
nority shall control the State because the major-
ity have not voted; for in this ease they went to
the polls and did vote. But you say they shall
not vote to-day, because they refused to vote yes-
terday. That is a matter which does not concern
you. The people themselves are the ones to de-
cide under what circumstances they will vote, or
withhold their votes. They voted at the first
election held in that Territory, at which a fair
expression of the public will could be given.
At the election for the call of a convention, the
test oaths were upon the statute-books of Kan-
sas, which would disfranchise all who would not
submit to degradation; all the tests and laws
■which were declared by General Cass, in the
Senate, to be a " disgrace to the age and the coun-
try." Senator Bayard said they were " shock-
ing to the moral sense;" and Senator Wellerthat
they were "infamous in their character," "in
violation of the Constitution," and " revolting to
every feeling of humanity." Mr. Clayton de-
nounced them as " unjust, iniquitous, oppressive,
and infamous laws."
These test laws were thus denounced upon the
floor of the Senate of the United States, by men
who could not be charged with fanaticism. No
one, then, could vote on the call for the conven-
tion who was not ready to submit to those test
oaths; and but 2,670 votes were polled for the
convention, though the Delegate to Congress, at
the same election, received 4,276. These test
oaths were repealed, it is true, before the election
of delegates; but in the election of delegates half
of the counties were disfranchised, and that, too,
by no fault of theirs. Fifteen of the counties
were entirely disfranchised, and four others par-
tially. Governor Walker, in liis letter to General
Cass of the 15th December, 1857, says:
<{ In nineteen of tlii-vc counties there was no census and
therefore there could be no such apportionment there of
delegates, b.v^ed upon such census. And in fifteen of these
counties* there was no registry of voters. These fifteen
counties, including many of tin. oldest organized counties of
the Territory, were entirely disfranchised, and did not give
and (by 110 fault of their own) could not give a solitary vote
for delegates to the convention," * * * •*
" In fifteen counties out ot thuty-four, there was 1101 pas-
try, and not a solitary vote wasgiveu or could he given lor
delegates to the convention in any of these counties."
Governor Stanton, in corroboration of this state-
ment, in his address to the people of the United
States, s.ays:
" The registration required bv law had been imperfect in
all the counties, and had been wholly omitted iti one half
of them ; nor could the people of ihe>>e disfranchised coun-
ties vote in any adjacent county, as has been falsely sug-
gested."
But it has been urged by the advocates of Le-
compton that the disfranchisement of these coun-
ties was tiie fault of the voters themselves in not
being registered; that after the census was taken,
an opportunity was given for correcting the list.
Hut how correct a list where there is none? and
the voters who were disfranchised had no oppor-
tunity to put themselves upon the list, for no re-
gistry was made, and no correction could be made
until there was a registry.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to ask the gentleman
if the law does not require that the lists shall be
posted up in a conspicuous place 111 each county,
in order to give the people the right and power
before the proper authorities to have their names
inserted? And in addition to that, did not, m
four of those counties, your party interpose every
obstacle against taking the census, and interfere
with the officers whose duty it was to take the
census ?
Mr. GROW. Can you correct a list until it is
made ? The law requires a copy of the lists to
be posted, and then they could be corrected. I
will read the law which required the census and
registration, passed 19th February, 1857, which
provides that a census shall be taken by the sher-
iffs of the several counties; and in case there shall
be no sheriff, then by the probate judge of the
courts; and incase of vacancy in the office of both
sheriff and probate judge, the Governor to ap-
point some competent resident of said county.
The duty of the census-taker is thus prescribed
by the third section of this law:
" It shall be the duty of the sheriff, probate judge, or per-
son appointed by the Governor as herein provided, in each
county or election district, on or before the 10th day of
April next, to file in the office of the probate judge for such
county or election district a full and complete list of all the
qualified voters resident in his said county or election district
on the 1st day of April, 1857, which list shall exhibit, 111 a
fair and legible hand, the names of all such legal voters.".
And in the fifth section, it is provided that
" Said probate judge shall remain in session each day,
Snndays excepted, Irom the time of receiving said returns,
until the first day of May next, at such place as shall be
most convenient to the inhabitants of the county or election
district; and proceed to the inspection of said returns, and
hear, correct, and finally determine, according to the facts,
without unreasonable delay, all questions concerning the
omission of any person from said returns, or the improper in-
sertion of any name on said returns} and any other questions
affecting the integrity or fidelity of said returns; and for
this purpose shall have power to administer oaths and ex-
amine witnesses, and compel their attendance in such man-
ner as said judge shall deem necessary."
Now, unless a return was made by the census
taker to the probate judge, there would be no list
to correct, and of course there was no way for the
voter to be registered, and if not registered, he
could not* vote. Nine of those fifteen counties
which were disfranchised, gave a vote on the 4th
of January, as certified to by Governor Denver,
of one thousand six hundred and twenty-four
against this constitution.
Mr. CLEMENS. As the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is making a fair argument, I desire to
ask another question. I put it to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether, in every county in
which a vote was npt taken, or in which a regis-
try was not made, the obstacles against taking a
vote and making the registry did not comc exclu-
sively from the free-State party of Kansas?
Mr. GROW. No, sir, not to my knowledge;
and in fifteen of those counties which were totally
disfranchised the people of those counties were no
way in fault for no census being taken by the of-
, ficers requited by law to do it;"and if there was
! none taken, then they could not vote, as I have
; shown. The people of some of them, Anderson
| county in particular, petitioned the Governor,
I stating that no census had been taken, and asking
what they should do. He answered that he had no
power to remedy the omission, hut advised them
to go on and elect delegates, and that the conven-
tion would undoubtedly receive them. In Ander-
son they did elect delegates, but the convention
did not receive them.
The votes polled by the free-State m^n in nine
of these disfranchised counties on the 4th of Jan-
: nary, being one thousandsix hundred and twentv-
I four, is almost as great as the whole number of
| votes polled in the Territory for the election of del-
| egates to the convention, the average of the vote
; ondelegatesbeingabouteighteen hundred. These
: counties were never attached to any other coun-
! ties for the purpose of electing delegates to the
; convention, though they were attached to other
| counties for the purpose of electing members to
I the Legislature. One half of the counties of Ivan-
1 sas, then, had no right to vote at all for delegates
[ to the convention that framed this constitution,
and that, too, by no fault of theirs; while the
' census was very imperfectly taken in the other
counties, by the intentional omission of free-State
; men. The Delegate from Kansas upon this floor,
■ the Mayor of the city of Leavenworth, and many
other of the most prominent free-State men, were
! omitted, in addition to whole free-State settle-
ments.
Under the pretended submission the 21st of De-
cember, there was no opportunity for an expres-
sion of opinion on the constitution; for nothing
could be voted on save the future importation
of slaves, and that only by swearing to support
t:K> constitution itself, if adopted. Even if they
did that, they could only vote on the slavery
clause that permitted future importation of slaves,
with 110 power whatever to vote slavery out. For
if everybody voted against what was called " the
slavery clause,'5 there still remained the clause
against which nobody was allowed to vote, viz:
44 that the rights of property in slaves, now in
this Territory, shall in no manner be interfered
with.'5 This was not submitted; and to make it
perpetual, another clause, not submitted, pro-
vides that by no future "revising, altering, or
amending of the constitution" shall " alteration
be made to affect the right of property in the j
ownershin of slaves."
But I pass on, having shown conclusively from
the record that the people of Kansas never had,
until the 4th day of January last, a fair oppor-
tunity to be heard upon the formation of this con-
stitution,either in callingtheconvention,orin the
election of delegates. The only time they could
vote fairly was on the 4th of January, and yet gen-
tlemen upon this floor insist that because they did
not vote before, their votes then are of no con-
sequence.
Why did they not vote before ? First, on ac-
count of the test oaths at the time the question
of the convention was voted on. Next, when the
delegates to that convention were elected, more
than half the counties were entirely disfranchised;
and there were a large number of the free-State
party in the other counties who could not vote.
Yet it is asked why, unde^this state of things,
they did notgo to the polls and vote. These facts
would be a sufficient reason of themselves for
their abstainingfrom voting; but in addition they
were assured that they would have an oppor-
tunity to vote on the constitution itself. They
had a right to expect it by every consideration of
fairness and justice, whether they voted for del-
egates or not. In the State which I have the
honor, in part, to represent, should the question
be submitted whether a constitutional convention
should be called or not, I may stay from the polls
when that question is submitted; but when the
constitution is framed, and I desire to vote on it,
where is the justice under our system of govern-
ment of excluding me from voting upon it? Gen-
tlemen have quoted precedents to show that it is
not nccossary to have a vote on the constitution.
We have been told that the constitutions of New-
Jersey and other States were never submitted; and
that therefore there is no need of submitting a
constitution to the vote of any people.
The gentleman from Rhode Island on my left,
[Mr. Brayton,] represents aState which for near-
ly two centuries, had a charter from Charles the
Second as its constitution, and it never was voted
on by the people, and for over three quarters of
a century after the Declaration of Independence
it continued to be the organic law of Rhode Isl-
and; and the argument is, that that being so,
there is no need of the people of Kansas voting
on their constitution. New Jersey never voted
on her constitution; therefore, say these prece-
dent-finders, why should the people of Kansas be
allowed to vote on theirs? If each of the States
of the Union had to-day a constitution that was
never submitted to a vote of the people, but was
acquiesced in, as framed by the delegates, would
that be any reason why, when there are two
groat parties in a State, differing on fundamental
principles and as to their proposed organic law,
a majority of the people ought to be deprived of
the chance of voting upon it ? We often pass laws
here by one vote, or no vote at all, because there
is no difference of sentiment on it, but is that any
reason why we should not have a chance to vote
when we do differ ? When there is a general ac-
quiescence by a people in a constitution, then it
is of no consequence whether it be submitted or
not; but when a portion of the people demand
that it shall be submitted, are they to be told that
they are not to exercise the right of voting on it,
because some other people did not wish to vote
on theirs ?
There is no precedent for a constitution being
put in force, in this country anywhere, withouta
submission to a vote of the people, if any consid-
erable portion of them desired it, or if there was
any great diversity of sentiment as to its essential
provisions. That in such a case it is not neces-
sary to submit the constitution to a vote, is a doc-
trine asserted for the first time in our history on
this constitution.
What is the difference in a law being passed for
a people by a despot, or by nominal representa-
tives, whose acts are beyond the supervision of
the constituency?
If such a doctrine is to be established in the
politics of this country, we may well ask, are we
upon the banks of the Danube and Bosporus, or
on soil drenched by martyr blood in its conse-
cration to freedom ? The disregard of the will of
the people, in the refusal to submit their organic
law for their approval, if they desire it, is, to me,
a despotism equally odious with that of Austria
or any other tyranny.
The people of Kansas had a right to expect
