2358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
strictly speaking1, the debate sliould be confined
to the section under consideration; but the Chair
understands that it has been the practice in com-
mittee to consider the whole bill open to debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 suppose it is
competent for me to discuss the merits of the
whole bill. I did not come into the House with
the knowledge that any such bill as this was to
be proposed for consideration. I did not know
that, as the municipal election in the city of Wash-
ington is approaching, we should have had the
same proceedings repeated that have been repeat-
ed at almost every election, or preceding almost
every election, for the last two or three years.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him for a moment, I will pay that
I think he is laboring under a mistake when he
makes the statement that a bill has been pending
here for the last three or four years, preceding
every election. Now,if thegentleman from Mary-
land will remember, the last municipal election in
this city took place in 1855. That is my recollec-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. No, sir; in June,
1856.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, sir, this bill is sub-
stantially the same as that which was pending
subsequent to, and not prior to, the last municipal
election in this city.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My friend from
Kentucky is mistaken as to the tune of the pend-
ency of that measure. I remember to have taken
some gart in that discussion, and hence I am quite
certain in my recollection.
Mr. HILL. I see, by reference to the statutes,
that this law passed on the 16th of May, 1856.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My fnend will,
therefore, see that it was prior to the date of that
election.
But, sir, what I wish first to say is, that my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Goudk,] who has
charge of this measure, a few weeks ago was be-
fore the House pressmgupon us another measure
to strengthen the hands of the municipal author-
ities of the city of Washington. Then a number
of very grave occurrences were stated to the House,
and a degree ofexcitement prevailed in the House,
with reference to the personal safety of gentlemen
in the city, that I have never before seen equaled.
The purpose of the bill then proposed was to se-
cure personal safety by creating a metropolitan
police, under the control of the Executive. The
distinguished gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Quitman] opposed that bill, upon what struck me
as a profound and statesmanlike ground. Ho
thought that the evil was not m the deficiency of
physical force, but that it lay in the incompetency
or in the neglectof those admmistenngthe muni-
cipal government. I entirely concur with that
gentleman in that view.
I desire to say now, that we are brought, for
whatever purpose, to the consideration, virtually,
of the organization of the government of the city
of Washington; for, sir, those who shall wieid
the police power of the city are to be elected by
the voteis, whose qualifications arc indicated in
this bill; and I think that gentlemen who were
so zealous and earnest in endeavoring to orm the
Mayor with adequate power to enforce the laws,
have now an opportunity to consider the principles?
of the honorable gentleman from Mississippi,
and apply them to the construction of that power
which designates the Mayor, and places in the
hands of the Mayor the authority which he is to
exercise. That gentleman said rightly, that we
were attempting to remedy, by an inciease of
force, that which only could be remedied by
changing the spirit which presided over that force.
That can only be changed by placing the power
of election in competent and responsible hands.
If that be *>o, what ought we do here ?
We are not legislating for a city like Louisville,
for a city hk° New York, a city like Baltimore,
or a city like Boston, where there is a permanent
population, whose life is to be spent in the city m
which they are living, who are born there, who
grow up theie, and expect to die there, or whose
lot is cast there by their own choice, for good or
for evil. We are" legislating for the Federal city,
where there is a comparatively e-mail portion of
permanent residents, and where there are a great
proportion of temporary residents: not merely,
Mr Chairman,afloating population,which comes
to-day and goes to-morrow, for the purpose of
transacting business; but I say temporary resi-
dents. By those I mean, in the first place, several
hundred, possibly, a thousand, clerks in the va-
rious Government Departments, some of whom
keep house here, others of whom do not, most of
whom are not permanent residents, and look to
leaving the city at the end of four years. Those
persons, when they shall have resided here one
year, under the terms-of this bill, will only have
a prospective residence of three years in the city.
That class of voters can, in no sense, be said to be
identified with the interests of the city of Wash-
ington. Few or none of them are owners of prop-
erty, real or personal, except the furniture of
their houses. There are none of them engaged
in the transaction of any permanent business here.
They are what, in the States, we would call in-
dependent men. Most of them are dependent
upon the mere will of the Government, be it of
what political complexion it may, for their daily
bread; and they therefore combine those qualities
most unfortunate when they happen to exist in
the persons who are to determine an election,
municipal or national. They are temporary in
their residence, having no community of interest
with the people whom they are to govern, and they
are under the will of the political power which
furnishes their bread, and may need their votes.
What I say here, I do not desire to be regarded
as saying in relation to the existing Administra-
tion, or the last Administration, any more than I
do in reference to a future Administration. Those
who hold political power are, in many respects,
the same, irrespective of party. Any Govern-
ment which controls a man 5s bread, can and docs
control his vote; and those who are under that
control, if they form a great proportion of the
population, as they do here, ought not to be al-
lowed to oxcrcise a direct and controlling influ-
ence in a city where they are merely temporary
and passing residents. That vote is a very ma-
terial one in this city. It amounts to from six
hundred to one thousand, I suppose.
There is another class of individual1? here to
whom, I think, almost the same consideration will
apply. Wo have here four or five great public
works in progress. They are all under the con-
trol of the Government. There is a swarm of
laborers—some native, others of foreign birth,
and the latter greatly outnumbering the former;
and, whether native or naturalized, they are not
identified permanently with the city of Washing-
L ton, very few of them anything more than tem-
j poiary icsidents. Here they are at the will of
! their employers, liable to be turned off the public
I works at any moment, and, under the new and
j lit tie example set by (lie last Administration, have
i been turned oil' by the hundreds simply because
] of their political associations. That vote amounts,
j I suppose, to considerable more than a thousand
i men. We have, therefore, m this city, where the
largest vote ever cast was about six thousand,
fiom fifteen bundled to two thousand men who
are only tempouu y and passing residents, having
no per mam nt and abiding interest in the city, de-
pendent upon the executive authority, liable to
have tlieir bread taken away from them if they
see fit to vote otherwise than they are directed to
vote, or as may be pleasing to those in authority.
It is that vote which determined the last election,
and which may determine the coming one, if the
majority should be within five hundred votes.
it is, therefore, not the bona fide, the pei manent
residents of the city of Washington: it is not those
who keep bouse here; not those who pay the mass
of the taxes; nor those laborers who live here and
expect to live here permanently; it is not the great
body of the honest mechanics resident with their
families, such as justly sway the government of
Baltimore or Louisville; not those who are born
here, and who expect to live here until they die;
it is not those who constitute the j eal bona fde cit-
izens of Washington that, under this bill, are to
i be allowed to control the destinies of the city of
Washington. It is not material whether the tcm-
poiary residents here are native or foreign. It is
enough for me that they are temporary, that they
are here at the will of the executive power, and
are not persons whose interests are permanently
connected with the government they are deciding.
We must broadly distinguish between the city of
Washington and every other city in the United
States. There are, sir, a few cities in the western
country where the foreign-born population—the
voting portion of it—outnumbers the native pop-
ulation. That presents an anomalous and dan-
v j£erous condition of affairs; but it is less danger-
\|pus and anomalous than that which exists here in
'"the city of Washington, where comers from all
portions of the world, living here at the will of the
temporary Government, are vested with power to
control the destinies of those here permanently;
whose property is to be taxed; whose industry is
to be burdened; whose lives are to be protected;
whose comforts are to be determined; who are here
to-day and may be away to-morrow; who do not
expect to be here more than three years, and who
possibly may leave much sooner. Those, there-
fore, who have no permanent or abiding interest
in the city, are actually electing the officers of the
city.
Now, I ask candid gentlemen, upon all sides
of the House, to consider with me for one mo-
ment this state of things, in the creation and or-
ganization of the city government, in connection
with the state of things which they were trying
to remedy by the police bill, only a few weeks
ago. I ask candid gentlemen whether they have
not the explanation before them? Is not that a
complete and adequate explanation of the condi-
tion of the city government? If so, this bill goes
to the foundation of the city government, and gives
us an opportunity to apply an efficient remedy.
Now, sir, let us see how it has worked hereto-
fore, The present Mayor of the city was, I think,
elected by a majority of about twenty-six votes.
Well, everybody sees atoncc that it was the float-
ing, temporary Government vote which elected
lnm. Is he a proper, responsible, honest, and
efficient man for the administration of the affairs
of this city? Will any gentleman say, in view of
the deplorable condition of the police of the city,
as gentlemen on the other side of the House rep-
resented it here, and represented it truly, only a
few weeks ago, that they believe the person
charged with the administration of the city gov-
ernment is fit to be where he is, and where the
same men would wish to continue him? and if he
be not fit, I ask if he was not elected in the man-
ner that I have indicated ? 1 do not wish to say
one word about his politics, on one side or the
other. I am endeavoring to get at the root of the
evil.
Mr. GOODE. The present Mayor was elected,
I believe, under the provisions of a bill intro-
duced and carried through by the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I think my friend
is mistaken. 1 never introduced and carried
through the bill, and my impression is that I
voted against it.
Mr. GOODE. The gentleman from Kentucky,
I think, introduced the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maiyland. No, sir; the bill
was introduced by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Harris,] and I know that I was strenu-
ously opposed to the bill he introduced.
Mr. GOODE. The bill was amended, on mo-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] so as to exclude naturalized citizens and
minors, and under that provision this Mayor was
elected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My impression is,
sir, that 1 voted against the bill as intioduced. 1
know that I tried to make it as good as it could
be made, and I know that I failed in the form in
which it was reported.
Mr. HILL. 1 think it was a better bill than
the one now proposed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maiyland. Well, we tried to
amend it, and did succeed in amending it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the hill under considera-
tion proposes to allow everybody who shall have
] resided here for one year to vote; and that, in my
| judgment, is radically wiong. Whether they be
j citizens orfuieigncss, their interests arc notjdenti-
i fied with the community. They aie swept out
; li(ce dust if they dare to vote against theGovern-
! ment, and it virtually gives the control of the com-
| munity to men who are no part of it, but who ore
! under the control of the executive Government.
| Well, sir, who is the present Mayor of the city
elected by this kind of vote? Why, sir, he has
! brought on the city of Washington all the evils
i that gentlemen on the other side have been com-
i plaining of l^ere. It is under his administration
■ that these distuibances have, for the first time in
the city of Washington, broken out. Outrages
