1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Niblack.
Ho. of Reps.
So far from bringing peace, I submit that this is
a measure of unrest. A government is proposed,
of which coercion is to be the motive power. Co-
ercion. is war. What has the coercion of years
past accomplished ? Not a government; but a ne-
cessity only for further coercion, or for a return
to the right rule of law. I marvel much to see the
South, illumined by the historic halo of good deeds
done in the name of Freedom, rich in the treas-
ured fame of the pure and lofty men she has free-
ly given up to the cause of the Republic in all
times of peril, cherishing not unfairly lofty con-
ceptions of honor, and a zeal not accustomed to
calculate in the cause of truth, now moving for-
ward in solid column, lowering her crest, and
with averted eyes joining battle for a cause that
has nothing of right, and still less of favorable in-
terest to her institutions, involved in its proposed
success. I say to her, respectfully, that there is
perfidy in this business, and such perfidy as will
return to plague her when too late to retrace the
step she is now taking. When the spoils of the
victory are told, she will exclaim—
" For Banquet's issue have I fil'd my mmd.
*********
Put rancois in the vessel of my peace,
Only for them."
You who ask, and justly, too, that your con-
stitutional rights shall be respected, can with ill
grace, 1 submit, afford to deny that boon to others,
under any pretense, however specious. Beware
how you sow infirmities in the spirit of your ad-
versary !
The President has seen fit, in his annual and
special messages, to stigmatize the people of Kan-
sas as rebellious and revolutionary m their con-
duct and opinions. In his annual message he
says, " it is to be regretted that all the qualified
electors had not registered themselves;" and
again, that " alarge proportion of the citizens of
Kansas did not think proper to register them-
selves, an opportunity to do so having been af-
forded," &c. I have already shown that it was
never contemplated by the act that the people, or
any part of them, should " register themselves
on the other hand, it is made the imperative duty
of certain municipal officers. Again, I have
shown that no fair opportunity was given to the
people either to register themselves—a thing not
contemplated—or to be registered by others offi-
cially assigned to that duty; and there I leave this
unfounded insinuation. Rut these charges are
based mainly on two specifications: 1. That the
people sought to subvert the territorial govern-
ment; and 2. That they set up the Topeka con-
stitution in defiance of the General Government,
and with a view to form an independent State.
Now, as respects their position to the Territo-
rial Legislature. It cannot be denied, and least
of all by me, that they have been persistently
hostile to that body, while it was an imposed and
usurping assemblage. Knowing it to be the crea-
ture of fraud, they could not recognize it without
becoming accessory after the fact to the great
crime charged against it. Bat this opposition has
been limited to a non-recognition of its validity—
to action of a negative kind merely. On the other
hand, this Government is indebted to the loyal
forbearance of the people for its existence so long.
They could have swept it from their soil long ere
this, had they chosen.
This is ail; and if this be revolution, rebellion,
or treason, I own my participation in it, without
fear and without shame. But the Topeka con-
stitution ! Is there treason lurking in its folds ?
What are the facts in relation to it? The people
met, framed it, and petitioned Congress to admit
them under it. It was a petition for a redress of
their grievances. They were in the strict line of
precedent—indeed others had gone further with-
out reproach—in setting up a constitution and
State government on the authority of the people
alone.
It was framed and held in strict subordination
to the will of Congress. The convention which
framed it sent it here with a memorial for admis-
sion. The first Legislature under it, at its first
meeting in March, again at its meeting in July,
and yet again at Us meeting in January of the
next year, and still again in July, memorialized
Congress for its recognition. Since the formation
of the Topeka constitution, no Legislature or con-
vention of the people has met without reiterating,
in some form or'other, their entire dependence on
Congress for the vitality of the instrument. Since
I have had a seat here I have presented many
petitions to that effect, one alone signed by four
thousand voters. I have also presented the joint
resolutions of the Legislature to the same effect;
and now, after two years industriously employed
by the friends of this constitution in piling peti-
tion upon petition before Congress, and in pre-
senting the accumulated evidences of its accept-
ability to the people, again there comes, and from
the Chief Magistrate of the Union, this stale im-
putation—something the worse foi age—of rebel-
lion and treason, to terrify the timid, to embar-
rass the uninformed, to prejudice the public, and
thus to bolster up the fortunes of a falling cause.
It should be set at rest.
The loyal people that I represent, discouraged
by the persistent deafness of Congress to their
petitions on this subject, have at last, of their own
motion, discarded the Topeka constitution and
its government. I speak these words in justice
to its memory, and in vindication of the motives
of those who so long sustained it.
I should like, if time permitted, to draw a par-
allel between these two constitutions—Topeka,
the child of popular sovereignty, and Lecompton,
the illicit offspring of popular violence and pres-
ldentialintervention—a wretched bastard pretend-
er, "scarce half made up," that now stands with
brazen mendacity at your bar, a candidate for the
honors which belong to legitimacy alone.
The former confessedly sprang spontaneously
from the people, asking the restitution of their
rights; the latter is the vile spawn of usurpation,
emitted by spurious legislation; and so far from
having any support from the people, it slinks
away, like aconvicted felon, from any submission
of its pretensions to the judgment of a popular
verdict.
Mr. CLEMENS. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Kansas to contend that the Topeka
constitution is either legal or legitimate; and that
he, a Delegate of the people of Kansas, maintains,
in the discharge of his official duty, that consti-
tution in preference to the Lecompton?
Mr. PARROTT. I said, a moment ago, that
the people of Kansas had virtually withdrawn
their application under the Topeka constitution.
In answer farther, however, to the gentleman
from Virginia, I say I do, in the discharge of my
official duty, give the Topeka constitution vastly
the preference. In every point of view, it. is in-
comparably superior to the one framed at Le-
compton. I was going on to say a word of the
attitude occupied by the friends and framers of
the Topeka constitution, m relation to the terri-
torial government. Those who made and upheld
this constitution whilst it was a living measure,
so far from subverting the territorial government,
have, in reality, rescued it from the odium and
imbecility beneath which it was prostiate; they
have lifted it from the ground, poured oil into its
wounds, and infused into its veins the newness of
life, through popular support. Nay, more; they
are the only defenders of it against those who
were its worst enemies, while they enjoyed it by
usurpation; and its only ones, now that they can
no longer wrest it to their unlawful ends. But,
alas ! with the departure of the ruffian usurpation,
has fled also those charms which once captivated
the affections of the executive bosom. Tne Pres-
ident no longer upholds this government.
Enough has been said on this subject to show
you that the specifications on which the President
gi ounds his charges against the people uf Kansas
are palpably erroneous, as illustrated by the rec-
ords of Congress, as well as otherwise.
The peopie of Kansas have borne and forborne
much for the sake of the Constitution and Union,
which they revere. I could, if my time permit-
ted, point you to some instances where they have
suffered outrages at the hands of the Federal au-
thorities, rather than adopt the dreadful alterna-
tive of resistance to its process. On the 21st day
of May they suffered a band of drunken black-
guards, bpcause a United States marshal, in abuse
of his authority, marched at their head, to over-
run and desolate one of the fairest and most cher-
ished towns of the Territory. Again, m the same
year, on the 4th of July, what do we see ? That
is a sacred day. Partisan spirit, however ramp-
ant, is generally exorcised by the shades of the
immortal patriots that are evoked by the stirring
memories of that anniversary of our national free-
dom. It did not happen soon this occasion. The
people had assembled to commemorate the day,
and to exercise the great constitutional right of
consulting about public affairs.
While engaged in their pious purposes, the sun
in the meridian, the rattle of sabers is heard, then
the tramp of armed men, and the assembly is dis-
persed by a regiment of Federal dragoons. Yet
we are told that the people of Kansas are revolu-
tionary, when these flagrant acts of tyranny have
been submitted to, sooner than raise an arm against
the colors of our country. Who is the President
of the United States, that he should dare to libel
and insult any portion of the people, threatening
them with ostracism if they do not bow the head
and bend the knee in servile compliance to the
dogmatic arrogance of his demands ? But for his
infidelity to two noted pledges, this constitution
would never have vexed the peace of the country.
The first was given in the presidential campaign,
and was to the effect that the people of Kansas
should be left free to form their domestic institu-
tions; and the second was his pledge, through
Governor Walker, that the right of passing on
their constitution should be sacred to them. The
infraction of these pledges has brought division
and dismay to the ranks of his followers, and dis-
tiust of bis designs to the country at large.
One woul more of the peopie of Kansas. They
arc the peers of the President—they are not sur-
passed by any people in this country, or any
other country, m respect to those qualities which
elevate and ennoble the character of communities
in tin* scale of social, moral, or political worth.
Their misfortune is their merit—constancy to the
cause of freedom. The struggle is now over; they
I have won a new empire of inexhaustible fertil-
i lty on a remote frontier; to them belongs the im-
perishable honor of the achievement. They know
the value of a good government none the less for
having tasted the bitterness of a bad one.
The settlement and growth of Kansas in a ma-
terial point of view, taking into consideration the
discouragingcircumstances thathave embarrassed
her canx., constitute one of the noblest passages
in the great "pic of modern civilization. I am
proud of herpastand sanguine of her future. The
chrysalis is just bursting into full life, buoyant,
elastic, and full of strength to accomplish her
high destiny. Her resources, hcrchmatc, and her
position, show that nature has putit m the power
of her people to make her a shining example
among the States of the Confederacy—a radiant
gem, sparkling m the geographical center of the
country. When she is prepared to come into the
Union, which will be ere long, it will be with a
constitution anointed, scaled, and sanctioned by
the free suffrages of the people, in which no doubt
or shadow of suspicion will linger, as to its per-
fect acceptance. Coming thus gently into the
sisteihood of States, full of prosperous and pleas-
ant auguries, she will add another link to that
chain which binds us in fraternal harmony; an-
other example of the capacity of the American
people to sustain the principle of self-government
ADMISSION OP KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. W. E-. NIBLACK
OP INDIANA,
L\t tiie House of Representatives,
March 31, iS58.
The. Hou^e beinj; in the Committee of the Whole on the
f>tti(e of the Union—
Mr. NIBLACK said:
Mr. Chairman: It was not my expectation,
sir, when I came here, to participate during the
present session, at least, in the general debates
of this House. It is not my expectation to do so
still. What I have, very briefly, to say is rather
by way of personal explanation.
When the President's annual message wa§
communicated to this House, at the commence-
ment of the session, it received, as a whole, the
approbation of my judgment. So far as the pol-
icy of the Administration upon this vexed Kan-
