1858.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13SS
that the constitution of the Lecompton conven-
tion would be submitted for approval or rejection,
not only by every consideration of justice and the
universally-recognized maxims of free govern-
ment, but by the pledges of all who were sup-
posed to have any control over the matter.
How could the popular will be so well ascer-
tained as by an election ? In no other way are
you sure of embodying it, for the reason which
the President, in his annual message, states why
a constitution should be submitted:
li The election of delegates to a convention must neces-
sarily take placc in &epaiato di-tnets. Prom this cause it
may readily happen, lias often been the case, that a ma-
jority of the people ot a tftate 01 Temtoiv are on one side
of a question, whil? t a tiiajouty of the leprescntatives fiom
the seveial districts into which it is divided may bo upon
the othei side. Tin* arises from the fact that in some dis-
tricts delegates may he elected by small majonues, whilst
in others, those of diffeient sentiments- may reccive majori-
ties sufficiently great not only to overcome the votes given
for the former", hut to leave a large majoiity of the whole
people in direct opposition to a majority of the delegates.
iJcsido--, oui histoiy proves that influences may he biought
to bear on the representative sufficiently powerful to in-
duce bun to disregard the will ofhis constituents,"
The Washing-ton Union of 7th July, 1857, held
the same views as to the duty and propriety of
the constitution of a people being submitted to a
vote if desired:
"Under these cncumstances,there can be no such thing
as ascertaining clearly and without doubt, the will of the
people, in any way except by tlunr own duect expression of
it at the polls. A constitution not subjected to that t(M,
no mallei what it contains, will never be acknowledged by
its opponents to be anything hut a fi and." x * *
" We do most devoutly believe that, unless the constitution
of Kansas be submitted to a direct vote of the people, the
unhappy controversy which has heretofore laged in that
Territory, will be prolonged for an indefinite time to come.-1'
Governor Walker, everywhere in Kansas,
pledged his honor, by the approval, as he told the
people, of the President and his Cabinet, that the
constitution should be submitted. In his inaugu-
ral to the people of Kansas, after quoting his in-
structions from the President, he says:
t( 1 repeat, then, as my clear conviction, that unless the
convention submit the constitution to the vote of all the
actual resident settlers of Kansas, and the election hcfauly
and justly conducted, the constitution will be, and ought to
be, rejected by Congress."
Without stopping for further reference to his
inaugural, in which he is most emphatic on this
point, I read from a speech of his delivered atTo-
peka, on the 8th of June, 3857, and published in
the Topeka Statesman of the 9th:
" At the next election in October, when you elect the
Territorial Legislature, you can repeal these laws; and jou
can, also, by a majority of your own votes, adopt or re/ect
the constitution presented foi your con^idciation next fall.
Can you not peaceably decide this question in the mode
pointed out by the actofCongiess,ifyou, as you can and will,
have a full oppoitumty ot recording your vote ? [A voice,
' How are we to get it?'] You vill get i1 by the convention
submitting the constitution to the vote of Ike whole people.
[A voice. ' Who is to elect the convention? That id the
grand question.'] Gentlemen, it it. a eonipaiatively small
point by whom the constitution is submitted. Don't let us
run awav after shadows. The great substantial point is this :
Will the whole people of Kansas next fall, by a J air election,
impartially and fuirhj conducted by impartial judges, have an
opportunity to decide for themselves vhat shall be their form
of government, and, what shall be their social institutions ? I
say they will; but! go a step further. [A voice. 'Havejou
tne power?'] It'J have not the power to bring it about, if
the convention will not do it, I will join you m lawful op-
position to their proceedings. [Cues of <Good !' 'Good!'
* We hold you to your promise. Nothing can be aaked fairer
than that/]55
These promises were given in the most author-
itative forms; first, on the general doctrine of free
governments,thatthe people shall have an oppor-
tunity to pass on their organic law; and next,
they had the positive pledges of the men who had
authority to give those pledges. And yet, Judas-
like, they were betrayed by a kiss. Governor
Walker, in his letter to General Cass of Decem-
ber 15, 1857,says:
" In tiuth. f had to choose between arreting that in-ur-
rection, at whatever cost of American blood, by the Fed-
eral aimy, or to prevent the terrible catastrophe, as I did,
by my pledge;* to the people of the exertion ot all my power
to obtain a "fair election, and the submission oj the coiiiiilu-
tion to the vote of the people for ratification or rejection.'1''
* * * * " Not a diop of blood has been shed
by the Federal troops in Kansas during my administration.
But indirection and civil war. extending, I feui, through-
out the country, were alone prevented by the court>e pur-
sued by me on those occasions; and the whole people,
abandoning revolutionary violence, were induced by inu to
go for the first time into a general and peaceful election."
Here, Mr. Chairman, were these rebels—these
men whom the Presidentarraigns before the coun-
try as opposed to all law and order, and oil forms
of civil government; who, when your civil ohiccr
proclaimed to Aem that they should have a fair
chance to vote, and that they would not bo cheated
out of their rights by fraud and violence, as they
had been before in the whole history of Kansas,
said that they asked nothing fairer than that; and
they went to the polls holding your executive of-
ficer to his word; which, had he been permitted
by the President to keep, there would have been
now no disturbance in Kansas.
The Government told them that they would
have the privilege of going to the polls and voting
for or against the constitution; yet that right was
denied them: and you insist now on consummat-
ing the wrong.
These men whom the President has arraigned
as traitors and rebels, and therefore not to have
the rights of freemen, were quieted by the sim-
ple declaration that they should have justice. All
opposition ceases then,and they follow the course
marked out by Governor Walker to pacify Kan-
sas. You could have pacificd Kansas in five
minutes, at atfy time within the last four years,
by securing to her people a ballot-box free from
fraud and violence. It was all they asked. I will
read you from the dispatches that came to the
President, to show that he falsifies the truth of
history when life charges these men with rebellion
and treason. They have done what American
freemen, true to the blood that runs in their veins,
and true to the great heritage which they received
from their ancestors, should do. They would
never submit to a usurpation of their political
rights. They believe in the motto of Thomas
Jefferson, that" resistance to tvrants is obedience
to God."
The President cannot find on record an instance
of the people of Kansas ever resisting the laws of
the United States. They simply refused to sup-
portthe territorial organization. They said, " we
will have nothing to do with it; you may go on
and administer it as you please; we pay no atten-
tion to it, but offer no forcible resistance."
Governor Shannon, in his dispatch to the Pres-
ident of April 11, 1856, speaking of the Topeka
Legislature, says:
"The legislative action of this body was mainly pros-
pective in its character, and fooks forward to the admission
of Kansas into the Union as a State, or to future legislation
before their enactments aie to be enforced at- Jaw."
Governor Robinson, in his message to this Le-
gislature, takes occasion to define the character
of the Topeka movement in the following declar-
ations:
" It is understood that the deputy marshal ha* private m-
stiuction5. to ariest the member ot the Legislature and the
State officers for treason as soon as tins address is icceived
bvyou. In such an event,ol course, no rtMstaucu will be
offered to the officer. Men who are ready to defend their
own and their countiy's honor with their lives, can never
object to a legal investigation into their action, not to suffer
any punishment their conduct may mont. We should be
unworthy the constituency we represent did we shi ink from
martyrdom on the scaffold or at the stake, should duty re-
quite it. Should the blood of Collins and Dow, of 13.iiber
and Blown, be insufficient to quench the thirst of the Pres-
ident and his accomplices in the hollow mockery of1 squat-
ter sovereignty5 they are practicing upon the people of Kan-
sas, then more victims must be furnished. Let what will
conic, not a linger should be raised against the Federal au-
thority until there shall be no hope of relief but in revolu-
tion."
Governor Geary, in his farewell to the people
of Kansas, bears the following testimony as to the
character of this people:
"The great body of the actual citizen? are conservative,
law-abiding and peace-loving men, disposed rather to make
sacrifices for conciliation and consequent peace, than to
insist tor th( ir entire rights, should the general good thereby
be caused toiuffei,5'
What was the character of the government in
Kansas that the President says would have been
long since ovci turned if he had not maintained it
with the Army of the United States? Governor
Geary, in his dispatch to Mr. Marcy, September
9, 1856, (Executive Documents, Third Session
Thirty-Fourth Congress, volume 1, part 1, page
88,) says:
" I find that I have not simply to contend against bauds
of armed lutfians and bngands, whose sole aim and end is
assassination and iobbeiy, infatuated adherents and advo-
cates of conflicting political sentiment? and local institu-
tions, and evil-disposed persons actuated by a desire to ob-
tain elevated position?, but woi&tof all, against the influence
of men who have been placed in authority, and have em-
ployed all the destructive agents around iii«mto promote ,
their own personal interest^ at the sacrifice ot every ju&t, <
honoiable, and lawful consideration I have barely time j
to give you a buef statement of facts as I find them, i he ;
town of Leavenworth now in the hands ot ai mcd bodies of j
men, who, having been duelled a? militia, pcipetrate out- I
rages of the most atrocious character, undtr shadow of au-
thority from the territorial government. Within a few days
these men have robbed and driven from their houses unof-
fending citizens; have fired upon and killed Others in their
own dwellings, and stdlen horses and property under the
pretense of employing thein in the public service. They
have seized persons who had committed no offense, and
after stripping them of all their valuables, placed" them on
steamers, and sent them out of the Territory." -
" In isolated orcountry places, no man's life is safe. The
roads are filled with armed robbers; and murders, for mere
plunder, are of daily occurrence. Almost every farm-house
is deserted, and no traveler has the temerity to venture upon
the highways without an escort."
Same document, page 73, Lieutenant Mcin-
tosh, of the first cavalry, writes Woodsen, acting
Governor at the time, that 
" It is a notorious fact that some of the band who origi-
nally came ir,to this Territory with Colonel Baford have
committed gross outrages, and I can say with certainty that
th^re are still small parties of his men now in the Territory
acting in the most lawless manner.'5 * * * *
<k Great complaints are constantly made to me of the stop-
page of wagons and men on the road, and in a great many
instances robberies have been committed.5'
These men are some of the peaceable emigrants
that went from the South, each presented by a
clergyman of the Palmetto State with a Bible in-
stead of a Sharpens rifle.
Same .document, page 106, Governor Geary, in
a dispatch to Mr. Marcy, September 16, 1856,
" The whole country was evidently infested with armed
bands of marauders, who set all law at defiance, and trav-
eled from place to placc, assailing villages, sacking and
burning houses, destroying crops, maltreating women and
children, (hiving off and stealing cattlc andhorses,and mur-
deung harmless men in their own dwellings and on the
public highways.55 * * * " Whilst engaged in
making preparations for the foregoing expedition, several
me^ongt'is reached me from Lawiencc, announcing that a
powerful army wa«? marching upon that place, it being the
main body of the militia called into service by the procla-
mation of Secretary Woodson, when acting Governor." *
* * * <( Twenty-seven hundred men, under com-
mand of Generals Hcrshcll, Reid, Atchinson, Richardson,
Stnngfellow, &c., wei e cncamped on the Warkarusa, about
four miles from Lawrence, eager and determined to ex-
terminate that place and all its inhabitants.55
Governor Geary, in his message to the Legis-
lature, says:
" There is not a single officer in the Territory amenable
to the people or to the Governor; all having been appointed
by the Legislature and holding their offices until 1857. This
system of depriving the people of the just exercise of their
rights cannot be too strongly condemned.55
Governor Geary, in his farewell to the people
of Kansas, gives the following picture of its con-
dition:
" T readied Kansas and entered upon the discharge of my
official duties in the moat gloomy hour of her history. Des-
olation and rum reigned on every hand. Homes and fire-
sidofs were deserted. The/moke of burning dwelhngsdark-
encd the atmosphere. Women and children, driven from
then habitations, wandered over the prairies and through tho
woodlands, or sought refuge and protection among the In-
dian tribes.5'
While such was the condition of Kansas, and
these wrongs were perpetrated by the acquies-
cence, if not instigation, of the Administration,
its supporters in Pennsylvania called upon tho
voters in the following language. I read from a
handbill for a Democratic meeting, at Miffiin-
burg, September 27, 1856:
"Democrats'. Whigs! Republicans! turn out and leant
the fact that it is the Democratic party that is laboring for
freedom for Kansas, the assertions of opposition orators to
the contrary notwithstanding."1
Four Governors have returned from that Terri-
tory, all telling the same story to the American
people; that is, that the rightsofthepeopleofKan-
sas have all been trampled in the dust, the ballot-
box violated, their houses burned, their presses
destroyed, their public buildings battered down
by United States cannon under the direction of
United States officers; yet in the face of the unan-
imous voice of these men who have been upon the
ground, seen with their own eyes, and heard with
their own ears, the President and his adherents
insist that they know best what is tho condition
of Kansas and the will of its people. The Presi-
dent says the free-State party have been rebellious
because they have refused to vote. The free-
State party in Kansas have never refused to-vote,
when they had a fair opportunity.
Why should this great fraud upon the rights
of a people be consummated? What reason can
there be, what overshadowing necessity exists,
for so great a violation of the principles of free
government. The only reason urged by its advo-
cates for sustaining so glaring frauds upon popular
rights is, that it will give pcace to Kansas, and
end the political agitations of the country.
