1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House, but that it fell pending the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. If there was anything in the
point of order or suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio,itwas obviated by the gentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania modifying his resolution, and then de-
manding the previous question. The modifica-
tion of the resolution made it the same as if he
had offered a new resolution.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to submit a sugges-
tion to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. GROW. If debate is not in order, I shall
object to the suggestion of the gentleman.
Mr. WARREN. I wished to say that inas-
much as  [Cries of " Order!'1 " Order!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to know
if it would be competent for the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to modify his resolution, so as to
close debate at one o'clock on Thursday next?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I hope he
will so modify the resolution. That will satisfy
gentlemen on all sides.
Mr. WARREN. That is precisely the prop-
osition I was about to make. I hope the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means will
adopt it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will so modify my
resolution; and again call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. I submit that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania had no right to modify his
resolution while the voce was being taken to lay
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to modify his resolution at any time bofore the
vote has been taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania to modify
his resolution so as to close debate on Thursday
next, at one o'clock ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With that
modification I am satisfied, and will withdraw the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. GROW. I renew the motion.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I make this point of
order: that while the House is dividing the gen-
tleman has no right to modify his resolution, and
that no other motion is in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to modify his resolution at any time before the
resuflt is announced, according to the uniform
practice of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I demand
the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay on the
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 89, nays 118; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Clair, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlmgame, Burioughs, Case,
Chaffee. Ezra Claik, Claw&on, Clark B. Cuebianc,Colfax,
Comins, t'ovode, Cragin, Davis of Mainland. Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Duifee, Edmundson, Eustis, Famsworth, Foster, Garnett,
Gihnan, Gilmer, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert 13. Hall,
J. Morrison Harris, Hill, Hoard, lloiton, Howaid, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Knapp, John C. Kunkel. Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy,
Humphrey Marshall, Mayji.ud, Mo  di , Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Moise, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Oiin, Palmer, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Pumance, Ready. Iitcaud, Ritchie, Robbing, lioberts,
Royce, John Sherman, Judwon W. Sherman, Spinner, Stan-
ton, William Stewart, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins,
Tnppe, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood —89.
NAYS—Messrs. Adiam, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Bishop, Bococfe, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bryan,
Burnett, Burns, Caskie, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay,
Clemens, Olmgman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockenll, Corn-
ing, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
Curtis, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dimmick,
Dowdell, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Gart-
reli, Gillis, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Law-
rence W. Hall,Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Haskin, Hatch,
Hickman, Hopkins, Houston, lluyler, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, Kilgore, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy,
Leidy, Letcher, Maclav, McKibbm, McQueen, Samuel S.
Marshall, Mason, Miller, Moore, Montgomery, Isaac N.
Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Powell, Quit-
man, Reagan, Reiily, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M.
Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith, William Smith,
Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George
Taylor, Miles Taylor, Ward, Warren, Eiiihu B. Washburne,
Watkiris, White, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, Worten-
dyke, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolii-
colfer.—118.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. BLISS called for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr.LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion that
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, it was taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Thayer] to the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard,] moving the reference of a certain portion
of the message to a special committee; and that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. G-roesbeck] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Ohio does not at this late hour care to go on
with his remarks, and appeals to the committee
to rise, in order that he may have an opportunity
to speak to-morrow. I have risen, with his con-
sent, to move that the committee rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
not press that motion. If the gentleman from
Ohio docs not wish to proceed this evening, I pre-
sume the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means could call up the pension appropria-
tion bill, or the Indian appropriation bill, which
are bills more of form than anything else, and we
can probably pass one of those bills this evenmo*.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. If it be the pleasure of the
committee, by unanimous consent, my colleague
can have the floor in the morning, anu some one
else can speak this evening.
Mr. BOCOCK. That would be satisfactory,
and any othergentleman who chose to do so could
speak this afternoon. If it be the unanimous
agreement that the gentleman from Ohio shall
have the floor in the morning, I will withdraw my
motion that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. If the motion be with-
drawn, the gentleman from Ohio will perhaps be
recognized to-morrow*.
Mr. WARREN. If the gentleman from Ohio
is indisposed to proceed with his remarks this
evening, I will, if he will yield to me, consume a
few moments of the time of the committee with
some remarks which I desire to make.
Mr. BOCOCK. I can make no condition with
any particular gentleman. If it is the unanimous
consent of the committee that the gentleman from
Ohio shall have the floor in the morning, I will
then unconditionally withdrawmy motion to rise.
Mr. GROESBECK. Mr. Chairman, I will
state that if it be the pleasure of the House to hear
me this afternoon, I have no doubt that I am quite
as well prepared to proceed now as to-morrow.
Several Members. Go on now.
Mr. BOCOCK. It is proper to state that I made
the motion to rise after consultation with the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
The OH AIRM AN. If the gentleman from Ohio
yields the floor to the gentleman from Arkansas,
or any other gentleman, it is probable that the
Chair would recognize him to-morrow. That is
as far as the Chair can go.
Mr. BOCOCK. I withdraw the motion that
the committee rise.
THE NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. GROESBECK. Mr. Chairman, it seems
to be the disposition of the committee to continue
its session, and, therefore, I do not know but I
should prefer to go on now. I am greatly obliged
to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocouk] for
making the suggestion he did. I was willing he
should do it; not on my own account, but because
I apprehended that the House had become weary.
If it be the pleasure of the House that we shall
proceed in the discussion of this question now, I
suppose I am quite as well prepared as I will be
to-morrow.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I would suggest that my
colleague speak from the Clerk's desk. We can
then better hear what he has to say.
Mr. GROESBECK. I am very much obliged
to my colleague for that suggestion;but it is rather
too conspicuous a positionTor me to take just now.
I prefer to speak from my own desk, in the hope
that I may be able to make myself heard.
I do not propose, Mr. Chairman, in the remarks
I shall proceed to make, to present my views of th«
policy of this Government in regard to Central
America, or how we should proceed in that direc-
tion. I may be permitted to say that I trust that
I appreciate the importance of the transit route,
and all other legitimate enterprises that have been
begun, or have excited inquiry in that direction.
I wish to say at the outset, sir, that I agree in the
views which have been expressed upon the par-
ticular expedition of William Walker, and with
the views of the President in regard to his duty
to enforce the laws as he finds them. I agree with
him heartily and fully—just as fully as he has
expressed himself in his annual ana the special
messages.
And I wish to say further, at the outset, that I
concur in the views which have been expressed
by the President in regard to his right to break up
the expedition of William Walker; if not irrthe
precise manner in which it has been done, cer-
tainly to break it up, and to apply all the power
of the Government which he did apply, and to go
to sea to do so if it were necessary.
I may be allowed to say, according to my judg-
ment, this is no volunteer performance upon the
part of this Administration. If I am right in what
I have road, if I may rely upon the letters of the
Secretary of State, to be found in the information
sent to the Senate, the General Government has
been called upon to interfere with this expedition;
and I think I may venture to say that never, since
the time when Aaron Burr meditated a military
expedition against Mexico, until this hour, has
the Government been so harassed as it has been
by this same William Walker. I do not intend, in
what I say, to cast any aspersions upon his char-
acter. I do not intend to call him a traitor, for
that he is not. I do not intend to call him a pirate,
for such we do not believe him to be. I intend
to call him by no name; but I do intend, Mr.
Chairman, if it be in my power, to vindicate the
action of the Administration, and to show that it
was right in putting down that expedition.
What has the Administration done? They
have,upon thecoast of Nicaragua, if you please,
taken up those men who had departed from the
jurisdiction of the United States, and brought
them home. There was no cruelty in the per-
formance; it was done in the very best manner
in which it coukl be done; and it was right that
the Government should bring the men, from
Walkerdown,back to the jurisdiction from which
they went. It would not have been right to have
left them there; for that was not consistent with
his duty to break up the expedition. It would
not have been right to have landed them upon any
other shore. He was exactly right in bringing
them back, in order to prevent the carrying on of
that expedition—exactly right in bringing them
back to the territory of the United States.
They are here; and now the question briefly to
consider is, had the Government, in the first place,
the right to cross the line of the marine league from
our own shores, to go out upon the Gulf, if you
please, lor the purpose of breaking up this expe-
dition ? I understand the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Kkitt,] and the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] who have addressed
themselves to this question, to maintain that, by
the law of 1818, there is a limitation of the juris-
diction of the President in the exercise of the power
which is confided to him. And, furthermore, I
understand that those gentlemen, in making the
proposition that the Governmenthad not the right
to cross the line of the marine league, do so by
virtue of the provisions of that law alone.
Now, Mr. Chairman, a word upon the subject
before I proceed to consider the terms of that law.
By the law of nations there is no doubt that it is
the duty of this Government to keep the peace
with all other nations; and that it is the duty of this
Government to breakup combinations of its own
citizens who have actually started upon expedi-
