1836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25
Peace among a brave people is not the fruit of
injustice, nor does agitation cease by the perpetra-
tion of wrong. For a third of a century the ad-
vocates of slavery, while exereismg unrestricted
speech in its defense, have struggled to prevent
all discussion against it. In the South by penal
statutes, mob-law, and brute force; in "the North
by dispersing assemblages of peaceable citizens,
pelting thoir lecturers, burning their "halls, and
destroying their presses. In this forum of the
people, by finality resolves, on all laws for the
benefit of slavery, not, however, to affect those in
behalf of freedom, and by attempts to stifle the
great constitutional right of the people at all times
to petition their Government. Yet, despite threats,
mob:law,and finality resolves, the discussion goes
on, and will continue to, so long as right and
wrong, justice and injustice, humanity and inhu-
manity, shall struggle for supremacy in the affairs
of men.
The President makes the same excuse for his
treatment of Kansas that tyrants ever employ ill
justification of their cruelty and wrong. That is,
that the injured and oppressed, because they will
not kiss the hand that smites, are rebels and trai-
tors; and the wrong-doer, while perverting the
truth and suppressing the facts of history, strives,
with hard words, to heap obloquy and reproach
upon the character and motives of men in every
way the equal, if not the superior, of thetraducer.
All the wrongs of Kansas are sustained by the
Administration, because they were perpetrated
under the forms of law. Justice and right seem
to be of less consequence than forms and prece-
dents. The crudest tyranny on the face of the
earth rests on forms of law where it exists.
The bloodiest pages in the drama of man's ex-
istence have been written under the color of law,
and too often in the name of justice and liberty.
The Jew crucified the Savior because he was a
fanatic, and stirred up dissensions among the peo-
ple. The law-and-order conservatism of the mid-
dle ages ostracised Luther as a heretic, because,
while exposing the corruptions of the church and
the reigning dynasties, he proclaimed to the peo-
ple the great truths first taught on the sea-shore,
and along the hillsides of Judea. The Griitli of
the forest cantons of Switzerland, planningat the
midnight hour on the banks of Lake Luzerne the
liberties of their country, were, in the eyes of all
Europe, rebels against society, and traitors to law
and order. The world's reformers have ever been,
in the days in which they lived, heretics, fanatics,
and agitators; and in most instances have fallen
victims to the prevailing prejudices and vices
which they combated. Yet such are the retri-
butions of Heaven on earth that the cruificers of
the world's redeemers have been forced to pay
homage at their graves when dead.
The President, in his special message on Kan-
sas, seems to have imbibed the spirit, adopted
the tone, temper, and language of George Hi., in
his proclamations and manifestoes against the
American colonies. While thus imitating his
great prototype, let him take warning by his ex-
ample howhe forces a wronged and outraged peo-
ple to appeal to the God of battles, in vindication
of their rights, unless he is ambitious of being
the Nero of the liberties of his country.
In my judgment, the first gun fired by a United
States soidierin an attempt to force thisLeeomp-
ton fraud upon the people of Kansas, will light
a flame that seas of blood may not be able to ex-
tinguish. It will be but the echo of the British
musketry, in the strcetsof Boston, on the 19thof
April, 1775. It would be but another struggle in
vindication of the great truth of the Declaration
of Independence, that all governments derive their
just powers from the consent of the governed.
From my personal acquaintance with the free-
State men of Kansas, and what I know of their
character—these descendants of Warren, Putnam,
Greene and Wayne—when forced, in submitting
to injustice and wrong, to a point beyond which
endurance ceases to be a virtue, will prove them-
selves no degenerate sons of noble sires. When,
ever any portion of the American people shall be-
come so callous to a sense of justice, and so dead
to the rights which belong to freemen, as tamely
to submit to a usurpation, by fraud and violence,
of all the powers of theirgovernment, then, indeed,
will they be fit for slaves.
Air. MILLSON. The gentleman refers to the
consequences of firing a gun after the adoption of
the Leeompton constitution. I ask him whether,
if the Leeompton constitution be voted down,
Kansas would not be returned to her territorial
condition ?
M"r. GROW. She will remain under a Terri-
torial Legislature recognized now by all sides as
a valid one.
Mr. MILLSON. Is not slavery now one of the
institutions of the Territory?.
Mr. GROW. It is under the Leeompton con-
stitution.
Mr. MILLSON. . Outside of the Leeompton
constitution, is it not recognized by the territorial
laws ?
Mr. GROW. The law of the Territory pro-
t6CtS it*
Mr. MILLSON. Then the adoption of the Le-
eompton constitution would not effect any change
in the rights or personal condition of any human
being in Kansas ?
Mr. GROW. I do not propose to go into that
matter, as it is not a question involved. The ques-
tion in Kansas now, is whether the people shall
have a right to govern themselves 1 and whenever
any portion of the people abandon that right
tamely, and submit to a usurpation of the powers
of their government, then they will be fit for
slaves. If ever that time comes, the Genius of
Liberty may wing her way back from earth to
Heaven.
Mr. PHILLIPS. In this connection I will ask
my colleague whether he has not, on a former oc-
casion, said that the will of the people of a Ter-
ritory could be as well expressed in the choice of
delegates as in their action in the convention ?
Mr. GROW. The gentleman has not under-
stood my speech correctly. He will find that I
put the admission of Kansas under the Topeka
constitution upon the ground that it had been sub-
mitted to the people, and that two thousand three
hundred—a large majority of all the legal voters
of the Territory at that time—voted in favor of it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman allow
me ?
Mr. GROW. I cannot yield any more of my
time.
Mr. Chairman, injustice, once enthroned in
power, ever strives, by every device of taunt and
jeer, to divert attention from its enormities, and
lo avoid, if possible, all discussion of its abuses.
The weapons of a self-satisfied conservatism, em-
ployed since the world began to uphold its injus-
tice and wrong, or to perpetuate its ill-gotten
power, has been to excite popular prejudice by
crying "destructive," "agrarian," " leveler,"
" fanatic,"or some other epithet made odious by
scepterod cruelty and wrong. Such have been
the arguments of prejudice and power from the \
tune Socrates swallowed the hemlock, and Galileo
quivered oil the rack.
The history of to-day proves that power and
wrong have not ceased to rely for their support
upon attempts to excite the unworthy prejudi-
ces of human nature by the clamor of startling
and odious epithets. By such means does the
President strive to gloss over the blackest page of
American history, written within the last four
years, by the Administration and its minions,
in the woes of Kansas. Its soil red with the blood
of its murdered citizens, and its atmosphere dark-
ened with the smoke of their burning dwellings,
while women and children flee to the savage tribes
of the wilderness to find protection against their
less merciful white pursuers. With the wrongs of
this people unredressed, and their supplications for
justice and the rights of ficemen still ringing in
the ears of the President, he declares that " Kan- (
sas has, for some years, occupied too much of
the public attention. It is high time this should
be directed to far more important objects."
What more important object can this Govern-
ment have than to guard the hearthstone of the
hardy pioneer as he goes forth into the wilder- ;
nesa to found new States and build up new em-
pires? What higher duty has it to perform than
to secure to the citizen—the humblest and most
obscure, as well as to the highest and most ex-
alted—the rights guarantied to him by the Consti-
tution of his country? In Kansas, from the first,
these have all been trampled in the dust. Hence,
Kansas has, for some years, occupied the public
attention. Is it possible that the Chief Magistrate
of the Republic can find any more important ob-
ject for the attention of the Government than the
protection of the rights and liberties of American
citizens, ruthlessly violated under the flag of their,
country, unless $e nobler and better impulses of
human nature expired in his bosom as the last
drop of Democratic blood oozed from his veins?"
Kansas wants peace; not the peace of servile:
submission , to brute force, but the peace that jus-
tice ever brings. The country wants quiet and
repose; not the quiet of the graveyard or the re-
pose of death, but the quiet and repose secured
by liberty, maintained by law. But so long as,-
the powerof this Government is wielded to fasten
an odious despotism upon Kansas, and to prop-,
agate the institutions of human bondage, so long
there will and can be no peace. You can give
peace to Kansas, repose to the country—end for-
ever this slavery agitation—if you will bring back
the Government to the policy of the fathers, and
reestablish in its administration their maxims of ,
justice and humanity.
Peace is the siren song that has ever preceded
the perpetration of every new outrage upon the
sentiments of the North, and the rights and in-
terests of free labor. On the 4th of March, 1853,
from the steps of yonder portico, the President,
congratulated the country that " the agitation of
the slavery question was at rest." The troubled
waters of past political dissensions had subsided,
and not a ripple disturbed the surface. The ark
of our covenant reposed on dry ground, and the
dove had found a resting-place. Every foot of
territory then owned by the Federal Government
was fixed in its character of slave or free, by some
law which Mr. Webster, in his delusion, thought
to be irrepealable. And under the then existing
judicial decisions and constitutional constructions
it was all fixed for freedom. No note of discord
jarred on the universal harmony. The patriot
was congratulating himself that the era of good
feeling and brotherhood had at last dawned upon
his country. What disturbed this unruffled calm,
and again broke up the fountains of the deep?
On the 30th of May, 1854, five hundred thousand
square miles of this territory, once consecrated to
freedom forever by solemn act of our faLhers, was
opened to the spread of the institutions of human
bondage. The passage of the bill at the dead hour
of the night, was heralded from this Capitol by
the boom of cannon, since echoed from the plains
of Kansas in the sighs of its widows and orphans,
and the wail of its martyrs to freedom. In order
to drown these cries, and, if possible, to stifle the
awakened sense of justice, and the excited sym-
pathies of the humane heart, we are now called
upon to perpetrate still anothergreat outrage upon
the rights of this people. There is no difficulty in
giving peace to Kansas, and quieting the agitation
of the country upon the exciting subject of sla-
very. When you will do justice to freemen, and
allow them to make their own organic law, free
from violence and fraud, that object will be ac-
complished.
There is in Kansas, to-day, a state of things
which has not existed there since its organiza-
tion. At their first election, their government was
seized upon by invaders, who held possession of
it till the election in October last, when the people
of Kansas, for the fiist time, elected their own
officers.
Mr. CLEMENS. As the gentleman is the re-
puted leader —-
Mr. GROW. I am the leader of nobody but
myself.
Mr. CLEMENS. Well, I want to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. GROW. Very well.
Mr. CLEMENS. Do I understand the gentle-
man to maintain that the people of Kansas have
not the right to amend their constitution until
18G4 ?
Mr. GROW. I maintain that when you make a
fundamental law for the people, and put in it a pro-
vision prescribing the mode and manner in which
it can be changed, it cannot be changed peaceably,
except through those forms, as long as there is a
party that adheres to the forms. If there is a party
in Kansas who will attempt to change that consti-
tution before 1864, except in the mode provided
by it, in my opinion the Federal Administration,
judging from its actions during the last four
years, will send the Army of the United States to
put down any such attempt.
Mr. CLEMENS. What becomes, then, of
your doctrine of the sovereignty of the people ?
