250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
tions to violate the peace of other nations. As far
back as 1793, in the first Administration of our
Government—that of Washington—we find that,
without regard to legislative enactments, before
any law upon the subject was passed, our Gov-
ernment acted under the law of nations, and
asserted their duty to be just about what is now
set forth under the act of 1818. The proclama-
tion of the President, of that time, the correspond-
ence of the Secretary of State, Mr. Jefferson, and
all the documents upon that subject, show that the
General Government, without legislation, as one
of the family of nations, considered herself under
obligation to prevent the carrying on of military
expeditions from the shores of the United States
against countries with which we were at peace.
I furthermore claim—although I cannot in the
time allotted to me go into a detailed discussion
of the subject—that, without legislation, by the
single authority of the law of nations, this Gov-
ernment should have the right, if you please, to
go out beyond the marine league for the purpose
of preserving its peace, and its own obligations
of neutrality. As I understand it, the sea is no
sanctuary for crime. What law is it, what prin-
ciple of the law of nations is it, and where do you
find the authority under which a violator of our
laws has impunity for his crime, if he can only
get beyond a marine league from our shores? iff
he get into another country, we cannot enter that
country to take him without consent; but why
may we not take him on the sea, where our juris-
diction, though held in common with other na-
tions, is undoubted? No other nation upon the
earth can touch him if he be a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, and committed the crime within her
territory. They dare not touch him. The crime
must be punished where it is committed; and,
according to the doctrine which has been here
asserted, as I understand it, it therefore follows
that if we cannot cross the line of the marine league
in order to lay our hands upon those who have
violated our laws, the sea becomes a sanctuary
for crime. Mr. Chairman, if there be an Amer-
ican merchant ship in mid-ocean, and a murder
should be committed upon that vessel, we would
have the right to take the citizen who had com-
mitted the murder, and bring him home for trial.
Will any one doubt that proposition ? Clearly
not; and, in doing it, it seems to me we are called
upon to cross thousands of miles of ocean not
within the exclusive jurisdiction of the United
States. We do it daily; and we have the right to
do it. But, sir, as I said before, m this stage of
the discussion I will not trespass upon the atten-
tion of the committee by a discussion of the gen-
eral subject of the laws of nations.
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to the point in
question. General Washington had asserted, and
Thomas Jefferson,his Secretary of State, had as-
serted , the right of the General Government, with-
out legislation upon the subject, to prevent the
carrying on of these expeditions. They did, in
pursuance of that right, proceed to breakup such
expeditions, and in some instances inflicted pun-
ishment upon those who had embarked in them.
In order to reconcile all doubts upon the subject,
however; in order to put it beyond the possibility
of a doubt; in order that the duty of the Govern-
ment might not be the subject of question during
his Administration, with his approbation, a law
was passed defining the obligations of neutrality
of the United States. I do not intend to turn to
that law; but I will remark that, in the sections
which are now under consideration of the law of
1818, the provisions are precisely the same as those
of the law of 1794.
Now, Mr. Chairman, let us proceed to the con-
sideration of some of these provisions. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] and
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
said that the President of the United States, in
employing the land and naval forces, cannot pass
theline of a marine league from our shores. They
claim it by virtue of the seventh section of the act
of 1818. I understand these gentlemen to base
their proposition upon the rule of interpretation
which they apply to that section of the lawalone.
What are the provisions of that section? In the
first place, let us notice section six. It provides:
" That if any person shall, within the territory or juris-
diction of the United States, begin or set on foot, or provide
or prepare the means for aiiy military expedition or enter-
prise to be carried on frvm. rtencs against the territory or '
dominions of any foreign prince or State, or any colony,
district, or people with whom the United States are [at]
peace, every person so offending shall bedeemed guilty of a
high misdemeanor, and shall be fined nut exceeding $3,000,
and imprisoned not more than three years."
"That if any person" within the territory set
on foot the expedition. I refer to the particular
language made use of here, in order to obviate
any possible objection which may be raised in
reference to the fact that William Walker may not
be a citizen of the United States. Admit, for the
present, that he is a Nicaraguan. It matters not
whether he be Nicaraguan, Englishman, French-
man, or of any other country, if any one within
the jurisdiction of theUnited States get up, or set
on foot, a military expedition of this kind, he is
just as responsible to the law as if he were a cit-
izen of the United States; and the law will punish
him, unless, as in the case of the recent English
embassador, his person is rendered inviolable by
the law of nations. In that case we may order or
request his recall. But, sir, whether they be Nic-
araguan®, Englishmen, Frenchmen—no matter
whence they may come—they are justas amenable
to this law as if they were American citizens; all
in our land must respect the law.
I now come to the proposition which I under-
stand to be relied on principally by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] It is said that,
in the exercise of this jurisdiction, to prevent the
carrying on of these expeditions, the President
cannot empower the naval forces to go outside
the line of the marine league. The seventh sec-
tion provides as follows:
" The district courts shall take cognizance of complaints,
by whomsoever instituted, m Cases of captures made within
tile waters of the United States, or within a marine league
of the coast or shores thereof."
I submit to the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] himself, that he has entirely misappre-
hended the nature and meaning of that section.
What does it mean? It means this and no more:
that if any foreign Power come within the juris-
diction of the United States in pursuit of a prize,
and make a capture, the district court of the Uni-
ted States will take jurisdiction of that captuie.
The word is " capture," not " seizure," a word
having in law a technical signification, and applied
to the takingof avessel by a belligerent as a prize.
Furthermore, " the district court shall take cog-
nizance of complaints, by whomsoever instituted,"
showing that it i,s a civil proceeding, for if it were
a criminal one it would be conducted in the name
only of the United States. Furthermore, I sub-
mit to the gentleman from Georgia, that this is
made plainer by the next section, under which
this authority is to be exercised. After the crimes
mentioned in this act have been defined, section
eight proceeds to declare in what cases and for
what purposes the General Government may call
out the land and naval forces. And, sir, it enumer-
ates them case by case, and,among others, itenu-
merates the one that is referred to in section seven.
Let me call your particular attention to this
point. "And in every case of the capture of a
ship or vessel within the jurisdiction or protection
of the United States, as before defined," he may
call out these forces to enforce the neutrality laws
of the United States in behalf of those " within her
jurisdiction or protection," asserting a well-rec-
ognized doctrine, that to the extent of the marine
league from the coast the authority and jurisdic-
tion of each nation is exclusive. And, therefore,
if a vessel come within the marine league, it is
within the protection of the United States. But
let us go further:
"In every such case, it shall be lawful for the President
of the United States, oi such other person as be shall have
empowered for that purpose, to employ sueli part of the land
or naval force for the purpose of taking possession of and
detaining such ship or vessel"—
Now notice what follows:
—"with her prize or prizes."
This shows beyond a doubt the meaning which
was intended to be attached to section seven, upon
which so much reliance has been placed.
The section proceeds to state other purposes for
which he may use such force:
" In order to the execution of the prohibitions and penal-
ties of this act"—
And what further ?
—" and for the restoration of the prize or prizes in all eases
in which restoiation shall have been awarded."
There is no room, with this language before us,
to doubt that the meaning of *oction seven of tha
neutrality act is nothing more or less than this:
a belligerent shall not invade the exclusive juris-
diction of the United States. If she make a cap-
ture within thatexclusive jurisdiction the United
States will preserve her obligations of neutrality,
will take jurisdiction of the capture in her district
courts, will award the prize to the person from
whom it has been taken within her jurisdiction,
or if rightfully taken will allow the captor to pro-
ceed on his way with his prize. That is all it
means; and I would ask the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] in whose judgment in
such matters I have been led to have great con-
fidence, whether he, upon a further consideration
of the question, believes that this section seven
contains in it any limitation as to the jurisdiction
or field which may be occupied by the naval force
in the suppression of such expeditions?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Does the gen-
tleman wish an answer now?
Mr. GROESBECK. Just as you please.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have not
changed any opinions I have expressed on this
question. I have never entertained the idea that
that section had any other meaning than that
which the gentleman gives it; but I stated that in
that section there was a definition of the juris-
diction of the United States.
Mr. GROESBECK. It is the impression which
the gentleman's argument made that I wish to
obviate by dwelling upon this particular section.
I understand him now, not to claim that section
seven limits the President in the employment of
the naval force to the marine league. Very well.
I have other authorities to cite; but that particular
view of the case seems to be abandoned.
But how does it stand when section seven is out
of the way ? The line of the marine league, for all
purposes of inquiry as to how far the President
may go in the exercise of this power confided to
him to break up the expedition, is obliterated, and
no limit or restriction can be found in the act.
Where, then, by what enactment, by what prin-
ciple of the law of nations, does the gentleman
hold the President to the marine league in the ex-
orcise of this authority? It is not in this act, that
is certain; but the law says do it; break up the ex-
pedition; prevent its being carried on. The com-
mand is, do it; and no limitations are imposed.
Nowhere does it say, " thus far shalt thou go and1
no further." In the exercise of that authority it
therefore seems to me entirely plain that we may
go wherever the United States has jurisdiction,
and is not a trespasser.
Let us look a little further. What is its lan-
guage when it comes to enjoin upon the President
the breaking up of such an expeditions? It does
not say to him "You may employ the naval force
to prevent the setting the enterprise on foot, or you
may employ the naval force to prevent the begin-
ning of it." Thatisnotit. Or," you mayemploy
the naval force to prevent the providing of means
for carrying it on." That is not it; but, as if re-
serving the exercise of this high power to the last
moment, as if not contemplating that it should be
used in the beginning of the enterprise, the lan-
guage of the section is: " You may use this au-
thority to prevent, not the setting on foot, not the
mere providing the means for it, but the carrying
on." That is the language of the law; the car-
rying on after it is begun, after it is set on foot,
after it is made up. It is in this stage of the ex-
pedition we find the direction to the President to
come forward with this extraordinary power to
prevent the carrying on of the expedition. And
is it not being carried on after it gets outside the
marine league ?
Mr. Chairman, allow me, on this subject, to say
that I understand it to be the law in this country
that the President may, in these cases, go beyond
the marine league for the purpose of preserving
our neutrality. In II Wheaton, page 42, exactly
this language is to be found in a decision of Jus-
tice Story in the case of the Marianna Flora.
Justice Story, in the course of his decision, re-
marks that—
" It is true that it has been held in the courts of this coun-
try that American ships offending against our laws, and
foreign ships, in like manner offending within our jurisdic-
tion, may afterwards be pursued and seized upon the ocean
rightfully, and brought into our courts for adjudication."
Furthermore, this has been done without any
condemnation of the Administration which did it.
If my recollection serves me, it was done during
