2360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
was apparent, and I had been placed In posses-
sion of the evidence to substantiate what I here
state. I will now respond to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. SINGLETON. Will the gentleman let
me ask him a question ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. One at a time. Let
me respond lo the gentleman from New York.
There were thirty-four persons indicted; and
ofthose, four were of the Democratic party. They
were discharged, because there was no evidence
that they had even been upon the ground.
Mr. SICKLES, (in his seat.) As might have
been expected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
from New York says, with a smile, as might be
expected. Perhaps when I state the sequel, the
smile may be on the other side of the face. The
residue were put upon their trial, and none of them
loere convicled. The jury divided on the guilt of
the authors of a riot, so palpable to the eyes of
the Mayor, who had the marines in charge, that
fourteen were shot dead and twenty wounded,
for making it! And, sir, of those shot dead and
wounded, two only were of the American party,
and every other one was of the Administration
party, with the exception of two negroes. Is that
as might have been expected ? You will see, then,
that 'there is 110 political bias leading me to un-
cover those enormities. I am not crying out be-
cause my political fne.nds have suffered. If the
blow was aimed at them, a righteous retribution
directed it elsewhere. 1 speak not for my politi-
cal friends, but to avenge the innocent blood of
my fellow-citizens, who, though my opponents in
politics, are still my fellow-citizens, and entitled
to my voice, when they become the victims of j
military violence.
These things can be proved by"overwhelming
legal evidence in this city, by people of the very
first condition; vet lhes>e tilings have not been
hitherto so stated. They touch too neaily those
in power. Of those indicted, only four were of the
Democratic party, and the residue were of the
American party; and of the killed and wounded,
two were of the American party, and all the rest
were friends of the Administration, with the ex-
ception of two poor negroes, who were walking
across the street, at a distance of three hundred
yards from the firing. These are not the casual-
ties of a riot, where some innocent fall with the
guilty. Could they have cut down all innocent
men, none of the guilty men? In the thirty-four
who were indicted, only one wounded man was
included. Were the nineteen othms wounded,
guilty—then why were they not indicted ? Were
they innocent—then why were t!i<-y shot > Was
the blood then siied justly or unjustly shed ? If
they were guilty, they could have been indicted.
Did* they not cariv the eat-mark by which they
could be tracked 5 or did their politics hide their
wounds ?
Mr. SICKLES. Do I understood the gentle-
man from Maryland correctly as saying that none
of the persons indicted for participating m that '
not were convicted 5
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My honorable
friend will allow me to state that there were per-
sons indicted for disturbances of a slight charac-
ter at other wards in the City; but there was no
person indicted specifically for participating in
any riot at the tune of the firing by the marines.
One indictment for the alleged not of the fouith
ward included the whole thirty-four, and covered
the whole day. It was drawn as if the pui pose had
been to convict men for a riot at nine o'clock,and
to make that cover the iniquities of the latter part
of the day, and mislead the public mind torching
the causeless murders by the nrunies. Theie was
no onemdicted for b^mgconcerned in the notat the
time the marines fired; and no one of the thirty-
four indicted was convicted. The indictment is
still pending; but I rather think it is not likely to
be tried again.
Mr. SICKLES. The circumstances attending
that transaction were all blended together, and all
constituted one act, and such was the view of the
grand jury which found the indictments; such was
the view of the parties at the time, and so it was
regarded by the whole country. What I state is,
thai the transaction was subjected to a judicial
investigation by agraiid jury, and they found in-
dictments against two persons tending jn the city
of Washington—I say nothing of the paity to
which they belong. The matter was tried by a
special jury, and 
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Not for that riot.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman may divide
the incidents of that day into periods; but that
was not the view at that time, and I do not think
it just to make such an imputation upon the au-
thorities.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It is the author-
ities that I am now arraigning. Tha "gentleman
has only illustrated what I stated at the outset,
that the facts have been covered up, the country
has been deceived, in order that the guilty might
escape. It is the authorities that I am now put-
ting upon trial.
Mr. SICKLES. I am speaking of the grand
jury and the court.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. And it is precisely
the grand jury and the court that I now put upon
trial. This firing was all at one precinct of one
ward. The persons who were killed were all
killed at one precinct of one ward. The affray at
nine o'clock in the morning and the murdering
by the^marines at one o'clock were at one pre-
cinct , and only at one precinct, of the fourth ward.
Everything took place within a space of three
hundred yards, at particular hours of the day,
distinctly ascertained, and susceptible of the most
precise proof; and I do not recognize the validity
of any appeal to the newspaper statements, un-
less accompanied with an otFer to submit them to
the test of a leg.il examination of evidence.
And now, sir, at one o'clock of the day, when
the marines marched upon the ground, the elec-
tion was proceeding with perfect quiet. How,
then, came the marines there at all? Was there
,a riot? Let the-police suppress it. Could they
not? Then the marshal was bound to summon
the: posse comitatas. Was there a not too power-
ful for the marshal to suppress? He was never
even called on to oxert any of his powers—ample
for every emergency. It is only where* his power
is overmatched and defied that the American jeal-
ousy of military power allows the President to
call forth the Army. Why, then, was it called
forth? By -what authority, by what blunder,
with what bloody intent?
The marines were there by the orders of the
President and Secretary of the Navy, on the ap-
plication of the Mayor, accompanied by an affi-
davit, neither containing any one legal prerequi-
site to justify a demand for military aid; neither
even stating that the marshal's power was inad-
equate, still less that it had been invoked and found
inadequate. The affidavit and statement both
grossly exaggerated and perverted the affray of
the morning, and must have impressed both the
President and Secretary that a riot still raged
where perfect quiet had reigned for hours; yet
there was no investigation of then tiuth. The
Executive was bwift to hear and believe and act,
though the alleged riot was not ten minutes' drive
from the Prt sident's House, and any firing could
have been easily heard m the executive chamber.
No, sir; there was, neither at the time of the
letter and affidavit, nor of the asking for or grant-
ing of the marines, any riot whatever. The elec-
tion was proceeding with perfect quiet; both when
the marines were ordered out and when they
reached-the polls. There was not merely no not
whiclNwlc police could not put down; there was
not only no not which the marshal could not sup-
press; but there was no riot at all. The marshal
was not even callcd upon. Why, then, were the
marines there ? Why, sir; unless upon the tempt-
ation of some insane impulse, or at the instiga-
tion of some person bent upon blood? Still, sir,
at whatever bidding, they did defile an American
election by the aspect of military power, and they
found it quiet. Why were they not instantly
marched away ? Some boys had followed and
passed them with an old swivel, lacking a wheel
and actually spiked, and stationed themselves not
far from the polls, and a considerable crowd had
collected around them—some interfering to induce
them to remove the gun, others idle spectators;
when—perhaps from some misundeistandmg—a
charge of bayonets was ordered and executed on
the crowd around the swivel. The crowd in-
stantly dispersed; the marines seized the swivel,
bayoneted a boy of twelve years old near it, and
hred among the retreating crowd. Men weie
shot as they fled—men not connected even with
the swivel, and all the firing was after the ma-
rines had possession of the only pretext of the
attack. That attack was made upon a body of
peaceful citizens standing around that gun. It
'may have been a blunder—it was not the less a
crime. The charging bayonets on peaceful citizens
is itselfacrime. If they stood they must have been
bayoneted; yet why should they be compelled to
fly ? It was their right to stand there—it was the
right of the men to have their gun there for self-
defense. The invasion of that right, under an
erroneous and hasty impression, was the first act
of the deplorable drama of blood which followed.
Simultaneously with this assault and firing, the
main body of the marines-began firing in an op-
posite direction, at crowds of people standing on
the sidewalks; not a few of them the best citizens
of Washington, as respectable as any in this
House. One gentleman who had served in the
Mexican war, seeing the marines bring their guns
to a level, and that they were about to fire, and
that people around him were scattering, said if he
was to be shot he would not be shot in the back,
and stood his ground, while men fell dead upon
both sides of him. Did the marines fire in self-
defense? Only one was wounded by a ball in the
mouth, just at the moment when he was about to
fire, and at the close of the charge of bayonets.
With that exception, no marine was wounded.
They shot over thirty men to quell a riot in which
the only persons injured were their victims ! The
whole tenor of the evidence is that no stones were
thrown or pistols fired at the marines till after they
had fired. Still less was theie any riot so violent
and overbearing as to defy the police, overmatch
the marshal, and require this last resort, the ex-
treme remedy of a military execution. To march
the marines to that pieeinct was a grave usurpa-
tion; the men they killed were murdered.
Now, sir, when a man is found dead in his bed
in his home, with his family, there is an inquest,;
when a man cuts his throat in his own house,
there is an inquest; when aman is found dead in
| the street in the morning, there is an inquest.
Here fourteen men were killed in open day, in the
peace of the Republic, and by her soldiers. Two
inquests were held; of only one did the finding
ever transpire, and that finding was as follows:
uThat the said Cornchu* II. Alston crime to ins death by
a gunshot wound leecivcd while landing peaccably and
quietly at the cornei of Seventh street, opposite the Noi th-
em Liberties imuket, (recently his place of business,) from
a detachment of United titate*> marines, acting under the
control o! the Major of Washington ; and the jmy Anther
find, from the concurrent testimony of all the witnesses,
that the hung by the marines was all subsequent to the ob-
taining possession of the swivel."
After that verdict, no other coroner in Wash-
ington could be found to repeat the inquest.
When a man is shot, prima facie it is murder.
That finding was an adequate foundation for an
indictment. All the circumstances raised a pre-
sumption of murder. There was no not; no ne-
cessity for the interposition of a military force; no
necessity for anything except the ordinary police.
No attempt was made to call out the posse of the
marshal; and consequently the Mayor or the ma-
rines were guilty of fourteen murders—one fixed
already by the inquest. Magistrate after magis-
trate was applied to for a warrant to arrest Mayor
Magruder and those who were guilty of the firing
of the maiines, and notone could be induced even
to administer the oath on an affidavit for the pur-
pose of even inquiring whether the parties charged,
being in authority, civil or military, ought not to
be tried for killing fourteen people in the peace of
the Republic.
There was an examination, as the gentleman
from New York states, butit.wasof an anomalous
character. A grand jury summoned to attend the
criminal court by the Democratic marshal of the
District, was found useful to avert the eye of scru-
tiny from the perpetrators of the murders. Their
legal duty was confined to indicting persons to be
tried. They were ordered by the court to make a
general examination. They were diligent in pur-
suit of evidence of riot—they do not seem to have
inquired ot all into the guilt of the murderers. Their
own report shows on its face that if they had in-
tended to do their duty, they should have indicted
every marine for murder; yet the idea of such a.
duty seems never to have crossed their minds.
They were not summoned for that purpose; but
when they hud concluded their case against the
the rioters, they could not entirely omit the catas-
trophy of the tragedy, and they close by a pass-
