1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. GROW. The people place in theirorganic
law the conditions upon which they will exert
their sovereignty; and if it could be changed with-
out any obsei vance of forms, a constitution would
be the same as a by-law of a corporation. By
acquiescence of the people it could be changed at
any time. While I believe it to be the absolute
right of a people to change their form of govern-
ment at any time, I must act on such a question
in view of the probable action of the President,
who, if called upon, has to quell insurrection with
the Army. In Rhode Island, the people had been
protesting against their constitution for twenty
years, and the people, by a clear majority, came
together and framed a new constitution; but the
Supreme Couit of the United States said that
they were rebels; and the President sent the Army
of the United States to put them down.
Last October, the people of Kansas regained,
by the aid of Governor Walker, the control of
their own government by the election of a Legis-
lature, which is now recognized by all parties as
valid; and therefore Kansas is not in the same
condition she was when she asked for admission
under the Topeka constitution 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. REILLY. Mr, Chairman, I have, up to
this hour, refrained from a public expression of
my views on the Kansas question, in the hope that
some fair and honorable compromise would be ef-
fected which would settle it in a way satisfactory
to all parties. I begin to fear that my hope will
prove a false one; and as I will shortly be called
to record my vote for or against the admission of
Kansas, under the Lecompton constitution, it is
but proper that 1 should make known to my con-
stituents and my country the reasons which induce
me to vote as I shall when the time arrives for me
to give that vote.
I confess, sir, that this question has given me
more anxiety than all others to which I "have had
my attention called, or on which it has been my
duty to vote since I took my seat as a member of
this House. Indeed, I consider it a question of
more moment, and fraught with more of good or
evil to the country, than any other ever presented
for the consideration of Congress since the form-
ation of our Government, it certain.ly demands
an exercise of the best judgment, and must appeal
to the patriotism of every true American citizen.
We may, perhaps, in a few days dccidc the fate
of this Republic. How careful, then, ought we to
be of our words, how sure that we do no act which
will cause us regret in the future !
This subject has not occupied the minds and
engaged the attention of those in authority alone;
it has been and is yet being discussed at almost
every fireside in our land. It has been, and is
now, a fruitful theme for all classes of our citi-
zens. The statesman and the politician; the min-
ister, the merchantand the mechanic; the farmei,
the laborer, and the lawyer, have all felt, and still
feel, a deep solicitude for its rightful solution and
peaceful settlement. They fear, and perhaps not
without just cause, that, if not settled now, it mny
for years to come, continue and increase the
jealousy and bitterness which now exist between
our brethren of the North and South, and are,
therefore, anxiously directing their attention and
hopes to Congress for a speedy and amicable term-
ination of the agitation and excitement which
this vexed and dangerous question has produced
throughout our country, so that peace and har-
mony may once more prevail among our people,
and the Union stand, as it has in time past, a monu-
ment to perpetuate the fame of those whose wis-
dom planned it, as aiso the pride and boast of the
nation.
How shall we meet the expectations of our fel-
low-citizens ? How shall we drive from our polit-
ical horizon the clouds which lower over our house,
and cause the sunshine of peace and happiness to
enter and keep possession of every dwelling in ;
oar once thrice happy land? Wc cannot do it by |
engendering and encouraging strife and contention •
between one portion and another of our people, j
We cannot do it by calling each other harsh I
names and using opprobrious epithets; by stig- |
matizing as base, mean, and vile all those who i
may hold a certain class of human beings in serv- !
itude. We cannot do it by condemning m harsh, j
unmeasured terms of abuse those who may hon- ;
estly think that the institution of slavery is wrong.
No, sir. this will not heal the wound inflicted
i upon our country by the indiscretion of some t nd
| the madness of others. This will only tend to
j widen the breach, already too wide, between our
! fellow-citizens of the North and the South. The
; circumstances in which we are placed demand
| calm, sensible action, and unyielding devotion to
the interests and welfareof the great people whose
representatives and servants we are.
Mr. Chairman, in performing the duty which
I undertook to discharge, 1 shall not detain the
House by an elaborate or lengthy argument to
prove that Kansas ought to be admitted into
the Union under the Lecompton constitution.
Nor is it my purpose to go into a history of the
settlement of Kansas, to show that a portion of
the people now there went there with the in-
tention of making it a slave State, and another
portion to make it a free State. In my judgment,
the citizens of this free country have a perfect
right to settle on any of the unappropriated ter-
ritory of the United States; and, if the decision
of the highest judicial tribunal of the nation is to
be taken as the law, they have a right to take their
slaves with them, and, if they can, even estab-
lish slavery as one of their domestic institutions.
Nor will I pretend to show that the citizens of the
North or of the South have not the right to ap-
propriate money for the purpose of sending per-
sons into a Territory to make it either a free or a
slave State, provided such persons, after they have
arrived in the Territory, set about the accomplish-
ment of their work in a peaceful and orderly man-
ner, and in obedience to the Constitution of the
United States. This part of the present contro-
j versy I shall hand over to others to discuss, if
i they feel inclined to do so, and shall proceed to
state a few facts, as 1 understand them, and the
conclusions I have arrived at upon those facts.
In the year 1354 an act of Congress was passed
organizing the Territory of Kansas. A Governor
and other officers for the Territory were appointed
by the President then in power. In 1855 a Le-
gislature was elected, and convened at Pawnee. Di-
vers laws were passed by this Legislature, among
them one calling a convention to frame a consti-
tution preparatory to the admission of Kansas into
the Union as a State. This convention met at
Lecompton, framed a constitution, and submitted
it to a vote of the people. ,
There are four questions arising out of this state
of facts to which I will direct the attention of the
1 committee for a short time.
| First. Was the Legislature which passed the
, act calling a convention to frame a constitution a
i legally elected body ?
| Second. Was the convention which framed the
i Lecompton constitution a legally elected body?
j Third. Was that convention bound by law, pre-
! cedent, or otherwise, to submit the constitution
| framed by it to a vote of the people for ratifica-
| tion or rejection ?
! Fourth. If Kansas shall be admitted into the
, Union, will the people of that State have a right
' to alter, amend, or abolish the Lecompton eon-
j siitution m any other manner or at any other time
; than that prescribed m that constitution?
i In answering the first of these questions, it
1 seems to me that I need do very little more than
| read one or two extracts from the inaugural ad-
I dress of Governor Walker to the people of Kan-
| sas. I presume these wilhbe considered good au-
| thority by those who rely with so much confidence
j upon his statements.
| The extracts from the inaugural are as follows:
i "Under our practice, the pielumnary act of framing a
State constitution is uniformly performed through theiri-
sti titnentahtv of a convention of delegates cliOf-en by the
people thciiiMilvPs. That convention is now about to be
elected by you under thecal! of the Territoual Legislature,
created and Mill iccosMzed by the authority of Congress,
and cloiht'd by it, in the comprehensive language of the or-
ganic law, with full porf oi to make^uch an enactment- The
TomtorialLe-rislani.o. then, in assembling tins convention,
weio fully sustained by the act of Congress, and the author-
it)- of the convention io distinctly recognized in my in>truc-
tmns fiom the Pi evident of the United states. Those who
! oppose this course cannot avci the alleged irregularity of
| the Territorial Legislature, who>e laws in town and city
I elections, in corporatcfianchi?es,and on all other subjects
! but slavery, they acknowledge by their votes and acquies-
; eenee. If that Legi^Iatuie was invalid, then are we w itli-
j outlaw or order in Kaiit-as, without town, city, or county or-
ganizations; all legal and judicial transactions are void, all
titles null, and anarchy reigns thiuughout our borders."
Again:
" But it is f-aid that the convention is not legally called,
and that the flection will not be fteply and lairly conducted.
I The Territoual Legislatuie is the power ordained for tlus
purpose by the Congress of the United States} and, in op-
posing it, you resist the- authority of the Federal Govern-
ment. That Legislature was called into being by the Con-
gress of 1854, and is recognized in the very latest congres-
sional legislation. It is recognized by the present Chief
Magistrate of the Union, just chosen by the Ame$caa peo-
ple, and many of its acts are now in operation here by Uni-
versal assent. As the Governor of the Territory of Kansas,
I must support the laws and the Constitution; and I have
no other alternative under my oath.but to see that all.con-
stitutional laws are-fully and fairly executed."
The position here taken by Governor Walker
cannot, in my opinion, be overthrown. But, sir,
both parties in Kansas, have, by their acts,
admitted that Legislature to have been a legally
constituted body, and the act passed by i-. calling
a convention, to be a binding statute. The pro-
slavery party have admitted it by voting for the
constitution framed at Lecompton by the conven-
tion called into being by virtue of that act; and
the free-State party admitted it by voting against
that constitution, on the 4th of January last. For,
if the Legislature which called the convention
had no legal existence, it had no legal author-
ity to pass any law; and it would follow, as of
course, that the act passed calling a convention
was without force and void, and the convention
which convened in pursuance of its provisions
had no legal existence, and all its acts were, sim-
ply and absolutely void. "Will any gentleman on
the other side say that the free-State party, with
Governor Stanton at their head, would act so un-
wisely as to have an extra session of the Legis-
lature called for the purpose alone of passing an
act submitting the Lecompton constitution to a
vote of the people for ratification or rejection, if
that constitution was a void instrument, as iteer
tainly would be if the Legislafture which passed
the act calling the convention had no legal author
ity to pass sucij an act? It will not, I presume,
be denied that the extra session of the Legisla-
ture was called at the instance of those who op-
posed the Lecompton constitution; and what was
it called for, if the act which called the convention
was an act passed by a body without legal exist-
ence or authority ?
It seems to me, therefore, Mr. Chairman, that
the parties in Kansas are estopped by their own
acts from denying that the Legislature, which
passcd the act referred to, was a legally elected
body, and if it was so, the laws passed by that
Legislature, not conflicting with the Constitution
of the United States, were valid and binding.
The second question, to an examination of
which I will direct the attention of members, is,
whether the Lecompton convention was a legally
elected body, and if so, is the constitution framed
by it a legal instrument?
It is said that the convention was not a legally
constituted body, and the constitution framed by
it a void instrument for two reasons, First, be-
cause a number of the counties of the Territory
were not represented in the convention, and could
m>t be represented forthe reason that the qualified
citizens of those counties were not registered and
consequently could not vote for delegates to the
convention; and secondly, because the delegates
who did assemble in that convention were not
legally elected.
Let us inquire whether or not these two posi-
tions are correct; and if they are correct, how
the constitution framed at Lecompton would be
affected by them.
By the nineteenth section of the territorial act
organizing the counties therein, there were created
thirty-seven counties. Three of these counties
lie on the extreme western frontier, and are said
to have no population to be either represented or
disfranchised. These three counties are Wash-
ington, Clay, and Dickinson. It may be said that
this assertion that these counties arc without pop-
ulation is an assumption without proof to sustain
it. I would inquire, where is the evidence that
there is a single citizen residing in either of these
counties qualified to vote? At a time when, of all
others, they would have voted, there was not a
single vote given. On the 4th day of January
last, when the constitution was submitted to a
vote of the people, in the form in which the free-
State party desired it to be submitted, not a sin-
gle vote was cast in either or all of these three
counties. Where were the qualified citizens at
so important an election as this; an election at
which, if there were any voters there, they could
have voted and shown their opposition to the Le-
compton constitution ? The fair and legitimate
