1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$51
the administration of Mr. Fillmore. At that time
they ordered a part of the naval force to the neigh-
borhood of the coast of Cuba to prevent the land-
ing of an expedition supposed to be carried on in
violation of the statute under consideration.
We have, if I am right in this, the example of
our own country; we have the language of our
courts upon it; and we have the law of nations,
giving us a common jurisdiction upon the ocean
—concurrent, but not suspended—which is as
rightly exercised, if it do not interfere with the
rights of other nations, as if exercised within our
territory. We have all these to authorize our
Government to cross the line of the marine league
for the preservation of our peace and the protec-
tion of our neutrality.
What then, Mr. Chairman? I take it upon my-
self to say that the President is right in his doc-
trine that he can go to sea in the performance of
this great duty, confided especially to his care.
He may go outside of the marine league to enforce
the observance of this law. Is it not so? Sup-
pose a case. Suppose adverse winds should blow
the marine force from the shore, or that its own
safety, because of storm or shoals or otherwise,
should keep it more than three miles from shore,
can it do nothing? Is it so, that if the expedition
can only get a foot beyond three miles from shore,
it may sail on in defiance of the Government, and
carry on the expedition? Having crossed the line
of the marine league, though it started from our
shores in violation of our laws, it may now go on
with impunity. A moment ago, and a mile nearer
the shore, it was an unlawful expedition; but now
it is a lawful one, and may not be touched. I
would like to dwell at greater length upon this
proposition, but I will hasten to another.
I claim this, then, the Government had the
right to cross the line of the marine league; that
it violated no law of nations, no law of our own
enactment; and in doing this for the purpose of
preventing the carrying on of this expedition, the
President was in the strict line of his official duty.
Now, if you please, we stand at the line of the
marine league of the country of Nicaragua. 1
admit that neither the act of 1818, nor the law of
nations authorizes our naval forces to cross that
line. Each nation shall be inviolate within its
own exclusive territorial jurisdiction; and each
nation has exclusive territorial jurisdiction to the
distance of the marine league, or three English
miles from her shores. We come, then, to this
line of Nicaragua. The gate is shut. We can-
not enter. But it may open to a friendly knock.
If we knock, saying we come to prevent an in-
vasion of the country by an expedition from ours,
which intends to come in for an unlawful pur-
pose; which intends to come in for a hostile pur-
pose; if we knock in a friendly manner, and the
gate is opened, all is right, and our entrance en-
tirely lawful. I can maintain this proposition by
authorities without number. There is no doubt
about it.
If before we enter we have the consent of the
neutral nation, or if without previous assent, our
entrance be afterwards approved, no injury is
done and no right violated. Volenti nonfit injuria
is a principle applicable here as everywhere. The
ratification of an act after it is done makes it
just as lawful as when done under authority pre-
viously delegated; and it lies only in the mouth of
the nentral nation whose line of territory has been
crossed, to make any objection to the entrance in
such a case as we have now under consideration.
We have, Mr. Chairman, an abundance of au-
thority for this; and that is not all. We have a
case. I like to furnish cases as well as authority.
About three years ago, not upon a gulf which
washes our shores, but thousands of miles away,
without any special instructions, a sloop-of-war
of our country, in the eastern Mediterranean,
demanded the surrender, by the Austrian author-
ity, of a man who had declared his intention to
become a citizen of the United States ? It was re-
fused. It was a bold demand. It was an extraor-
dinary exercise of power. The nation that had
seized Koszta was one of the first Powers of Eu-
rope. Captain Ingraham had no special instruc-
tions from his Government to prevent that wrong;
but alone, on his own motion, upon the refusal to
surrender the man, he prepared the deck of his
sloop for battle. It did not take place, but he suc-
ceeded, and Koszta was rescued from Austrian
vengeance.
Where did he make the demand? In the port
of a neutral nation—the Turkish Empire. That
case carae up for consideration; and the Austrian
Minister at this point made his complaint of the
act of Captain Ingraham; and one of the chief
grounds of that complaint was that Captain In-
graham had violated the laws of nations by enter-
ing into a neutral port to enforce the alleged rights
of the person whom he demanded. The reply
was that it was no matter of complaint by the
Austrian Empire; that it was a matter between the
United States and the Turkish Empire, whether
it wasrightorwrong; and if Turkey objected and
demanded satisfaction, the United States would
make satisfaction to her—to the party which was
wronged, and not to Austria which had not been
wronged. Such is the law; and such is the illus-
ion; and I might stand here for an hour reading
authorities to the point that it is not unlawful to
cross the line of a neutral nation by its assent,
given previous to or after the act.
As far as the Administration isconcerned, there-
fore, the President had the right to do everything
that has been done. He had the right to cross
the line of the marine league from our shore; he
had the right to pursue this expedition, which
was being carried on, across the Gulf; and he had
the right, with the consent of Nicaragua, to enter
within her jurisdiction. I will speak of the act
of Commodore Paulding and his instructions, in
another connection, if time is allowed me. We
have no statute, and there is no principle of inter-
national law; there is nothing which makes the
breaking up of this expedition, by entering the
jurisdiction of Nicaragua with her consent, an act
not perfectly within the power and authority of
the President. There is nothing which makes it
wrong or unlawful for the President to do what
has been done in this instance.
Again, Mr. Chairman, if it be admitted that
General Walker was a citizen of the United States,
I apprehend that the gentleman from Georgia, the
gentleman from South Carolina, and all who have
spoken on this question, will concur with me that
it was within the power of the United States to
take him, and break up the expedition by going
out into the midst of the ocean. An American
vessel, manned by American sailors, in mid-ocean,
is just as much, and all the persons on board are
just as much, within the jurisdiction of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, for an infringement
of its law, as when lying in one of our ports. The
vessel is within the exclusive jurisdiction of this
Government; and the men, as citizens of this Gov-
ernment, are responsible to it for a violation of its
laws.
Well now, sir, was Walker a citizen of Nic-
aragua? It is very clear that in reference to his j
one hundred and fifty men, they were not. You
can make no argument in their behalf. We had
a right to arrest them and bring them home, be-
yond the shadow of a doubt, it seems to me. Was
William Walker a Nicaraguan or a citizen of the
United States? He was born here. When did
he throw off his citizenship of this country, and
become a citizen of Nicaragua? I admit the right
of a man, if he has discharged his duties as a citi-
zen, to cut the ties that bind him to his country.
I do not deny, it were foolish and not American
to deny that a man cannot throw off his allegiance
to any country, where there has been no violation
of the law—where he has lived up to the require-
ments of the society in which he was a member.
But I affirm it by the authority of the decisions of
the country, that no citizen has the right or has
the power to get rid of his criminal responsibility
to his country while doing an unlawful act. 3f a
man were to plunder our Treasury, for instance,
and then go to England or Prance, thus leaving i
the country to avoid the penalty of an unlawful j
act, he could not get rid of his obligations, as a j
citizen, for that act in any such way. I cannot |
expatriate myself by going away on an unlawful j
expedition—by fitting out a military expedition i
in violation of the neutiality laws. That very j
conduct will prevent me from getting rid of my |
citizenship; my country may bring me back as a j
fugitive from justice. I
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I wish to ask the gentleman j
this question. According to the doctrines ad- |
vanced by the gentleman, no man who happens j
to live in a country where he has committed an !
offense against its laws, or is supposed to have j
committed an offense against its laws, has any I
right to expatriate himself, or renounce his alle-
giance to that country and transfer it to another
country. Having set out with that doctrine, as
I understood the gentleman, I wish to ask him
a practical question: What is the position of
Mitchell, and Meagher, and their comrades, who
are refugees from Australia, and who claim to
have become citizens of the United States; are
they still British subjects, or are they citizens of
the United States ?
Mr. GROESBECK. I will answer the inquiry
of the gentleman as well as I am able to. 1 w*as
taking the position that if a citizen of the United
States, in the very act of expatriating himself,
committed a crime, he could not claim that his
commission of the crime worked his expatriation.
That is the proposition I asserted. I asserted it
by the authority of decisions of the Supreme
Court, to which I will call the attention of the
gentleman, one of which, at least, was made in
connection with,and in construction of, this iden-
tical neutrality law. In 3 Dallas, pages 132,153,
the doctrine is so laid down. In 7 Wheaton,
page 348, the same doctrine is laid down. It may
be that the citizenship so acquired abroad would
be recognized by the country in which it was
acquired; but is that an expatriation which will
exonerate him from liability to the country from
whose justice he fled? The question is difficult.
Suppose, for instance, that a man should commit
a murder in this District, and should then flee the
country to England, with which nation we had
an extradition treaty. Suppose he should become
there, in England, a constable, or captain, or col-
onel, or commander-in-chief of some petty fort.
Does that exonerate him from the responsibility
of the law of homicide committed in our own
jurisdiction, and while he was amenable to it?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Allow me to
inquire whether the gentleman is to be understood
as intimating his belief that General Walker, at
the time of his expatriation, was in the commis-
sion of a crime against the United States?
Mr. GROESBECK. I understand that Gen-
eral Walker claims to be a citizen ofNicaragua by
virtue of his first expedition to that country.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the gen-
tleman whether he pretends to say that General
Walker was not duly naturalized, according to
the naturalization laws of Nicaragua?
Mr. GROESBECK. That is a question I in-
tended to ask myself—if he were?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to state my understanding?
Mr. GROESBECK. Certainly.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. General Wil-
liam Walker was invited to that country. He
and other colonists, under a grant, went to that
country by invitation. He was naturalized ac-
cording to the law of Nicaragua, just as foreigners
are naturalized here—not in the same terms, but
1 mean that the process was the same. The end
arrived at was the same. After that he was duly
elected President of that Republic. His Govern-
ment was recognized by this Government, and
no Government, in opposition to his Government,
was recognized by this Government until now.
Mr. GROESBECK. Allow me to speak to the
statement which the gentleman lias just made. I
understand the fact to be that the first expedition
fitted out by General Walker to Nicaragua was
in violation of the neutrality laws of the United
Stales, as I understand them.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman allow me ?
Mr. GROESBECK. I would be pleased to,
but T do not wish my time consumed.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I would ask, with the
permission of the gentleman from Ohio, whether
Walker was invited to Nicaragua by the Govern-
ment, or only by citizens of that Republic?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. By the Gov-
ernment iiself.
Mr. GROESBECK. Let me proceed. I know
that Padre Vijil was recognized as the accredited
Minister of Nicaragua during the last Adminis-
tration. Who was President? Not General
Walker. Is that, then, any recognition of the
citizenship of General Walker? Take the case I
put. Suppose a man should violate the criminal
law of the District of Columbia, and then flee to
London. .Smjpose, in course of time, he should
become an officer of its police, or a civil officer.
Does the faot of our recognition of England as
