300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong.,..1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Thompson.
Ho. op Reps.
respect to this election, is an assumption from be-
ginning to end. It is nothing more nor less than
ail act of legislation by a single body, claiming to
be of popular origin, but unapproved by any Gov-
ernor, and having none of the features of ordinary
legislation; an oligarchic ukase or decree, as worth -
less and inoperative as afalling and withered leaf;
"it binds no one, it unbinds no one. The people
may regard or discegard it, with equal impunity;
and so it has been looked upon by the Territo-
rial Legislature who postponed the election of the
21st of December—ordered by the convention on
the constitution—to the 4th of January, 1858, at
which time the only legal expression of the pop-
ular will was had uponit,resultinginits rejection
by over ten thousand votes. Under this territo-
rial law, the election of the 21st of December was
a nullity, and so regarded by the people. But it
■is claimed that the Legislature had no power to
alter the time appointed by the convention. No
power? Why not? All the legal power of the
convention was derived from the Legislature; and
can the creature say to the creator, " I am sov-
ereign?" Is there any question of contract or
vested rights involved ? Can a legislative body
denude itself of its plenary powers over its crea-
tures and agencies, and that, too, by implication,
so that they are held in abeyance until resumed
by permission of the agency ? What novel doc-
trine is this, and to what consequences would it
lead ?
STRANGE AND INEQUITABLE PROVISIONS OP THE
SCHEDULE.
Look at the substance of this schedule in other
respects:
1. It tenders a ballot with one hand, and with
the other presents a test oath to support the con-
stitution, if adopted, under the pains and penal-
ties of perjury.
2. It submits only a single clause to the choice
of the voter, and he must swear (o support that
for which he cannot vote, before he can vote at
all upon this solitary clause.
3. It provides that all male inhabitants over
twenty-one, in the Territory on the day of elec-
tion, may vote; thus inviting back the hordes who
overran it in former times, and who promptly re-
sponded to this invitation, in place of the quieter
forces drawn from the Cincinnati Directory—
spiritual voters, dispersed by the stroke of the
Governor's pen.
4. The places of holding elections are not des-
ignated, nor the mode of canvassing or returning
tne votes, but all delegated to three commission-
ers, named, not by the Governor, nor by any
responsible officer, but by the president of this
convention, who in this schedule violates the sol-
emn pledge, made before his election, in writing,
to submit the whole of this constitution to the
people.
5. The State election of January, 1858, was to
bo conducted under the auspices of the same set
of judges; and we have seen the result of this.
6. No amendment of the constitution can, by
the terms of it, be initiated before 1861, nor be
perfected short of 1870, and then only on two
thirds of the members of each House concurring;
" but no amendment shall ever be made to affect
the rights of property in the ownership o f slaves."
And after reading all this, the president adds,
" that in the provisions of the schedule providing
for the transition from a territorial to a State gov-
ernment, the question has been fairly and expli-
citly referred to the people.
Sir, I take issue with him on all points of his
allegation. Fairly referred, when a test oath bris-
tles in the forefront of the whole proceeding?
Fairly referred, when a single point only is sub-
mitted, and an oath exacted to support the rest of
it, on which he has nothing to say ? Faiihj re-
ferred, when a stranger may vote who has not
been there one hour, and may never be there again,
only inhabiting pro tempore ? Fairly referred,when
one man—and such a man !—has the whole power
virtually of ordering the polls at inconvenient and
unusual places; ana is only to count the names
returned on the poll lists, without any comparison
of them with the ballots, and may carry the fate
of this people in his pockets, as ho has done, for !
months? What idea has the President of .fair- j
mess, if this be the standard he adopts? Sir, I j
almost admire the daring of this " Rump Parlia-
ment" of Lecompton. They felt, evidently, that
the people were not to be trusted with political
power; they grasped hold of all the functions and
prerogatives of government; they rolled the Gov-
ernor's head in a basket; they bound and ham-
pered with restrictions and restraints the free ex-
ercise of the elecctive franchise; they cut off the
people virtually for twelve years from the power
of change. " They had," the President tells us,
"an angry and excited debate,and graciously con-
cluded, by a majority of two, to submit a single
clause of their labors to the people! Benevolent
legislators! Condescending Democrats, to confer
such a boon! The " factious majority" of Kan-
sas ought to accept this bounty on their knees,
orwe should abuse them for mutiny and madness
in its rejection ! One step more would have round-
ed out the picture. Like the French Chamber of
Deputies that inaugurated the "reign of terror,"
they should have declared their sittings perpetual,
organized a standing army for its protection, call-
ing it a "posse comitatus," by way of euphony,
and to harmonize with modern nomenclature.
Do we read aright, when the message says,
" the convention was not bound by its terms to
submit any other portion of the instrument to an
election except that which relates to the domestic
institution of slavery?" Sir, who gave to this con-
vention power to arrogate to itself the decision of
this question of submission or no submission?
This sounds very much like the language of im-
perialism; it hath an arrogant and kingly tone; it
comports only with the state and prerogatives of
an unquestioned supremacy. No body of men,
dealingwith the first prmciplesof political science,
as understood and administered m a representative
Republic, have aright to use it. No body of men,
if authorized by the clearest sanctions to " pro-
pose, form, put in a shape," a constitution, can
wiselyuseit. Why not bound to submit it? Sir,
they were bound to submit it—every letter and
every line of it. If this convention had any show
of authority, it was a special agency to do a spe-
cificact; and thatactdoneits powerceases. There
is no pretense that, in the organic act forming the
convention, the Legislature bound the people to
accept any arid everything they might do, or fail
to do, and that, in advance, their decrees should
be deemed the voice of God, like the ravings of j
Brigham Young. 1 deny, indeed, that any Legis-
lature of State or Territory has any power to dele-
gate legislative functions to a convention or com-
mittee, and bind the people in advance to their
observance; and so thought the Kansas Legisla-
ture, who refused to recognize this assumption of
the convention, by ordering the election of the
4th of January, 1858.
WHAT INSTITUTIONS ARE DOMESTIC.
Yet the Picsident tells us that this submission
of n singh1 clause carries out the spirit of tile or-
ganic act, and that the convention was not bound
to submit the whole constitution, because " noth-
ing but slavery is a domestic institution." Well, sir,
owing to his Excellency's want of experience in
the field of domestic relations, this criticism might
be overlooked, if it did not involve issues and
rights of the gravest import. I had supposed that
the domestic institutions of a people, in their
corporate character as Territories or States, and
which they were "to form andiegulate" in the ex-
ercise of political sovereignty, were all the institu-
tions of the State, in like manner as the rules and
regulations of the household are the domestic in-
stitutions of home, whether they relate to agricul-
ture, finance, internal improvements, charitable
endowments, railways, or the terms and condi-
tions of human servitude; and doubtless the power
conferred in this principle covered all these mat-
teis of national concern, every one of them full as
important as the last. So says Webster: " Do-
mestic—the affans of a State considered as a fam- i
ily, in contradistinction from foreign." But by ■
the President's criticism the domestic institutions
of Kansas are only "the right of regulating their do-
mestics. " Why are all others ignored, and sought
to be fastened on a people without their consent?
Why are they to be cheated by the empty parade
of a principle, every advantage of which is denied
them? Is any reason given for this? Is it true
that no difference of opinion exists on other top-
ics? How do we know this? Was not the first con-
stitution proposed for Wisconsin, with its hard-
money policy, sent back to the people on that issue,
and voted down by them? and did not Congress
embody the principle of submission in the Minneso-
ta territorial bill, and has it not become a rule and
precedent in like cases? Is this the finale of the
doctrine of popular sovereignty? Does it culmi-
nate in denying them all opportunity of choice,
and must they take such institutions as their mas-
ters choose to give them for twelve years unal-
tered, because they are not " domestic?" Was it
for this that the pledges and peace of thirty years
were violated and broken up, and bitterness and
heart-burning spread like fire-brands through ev-
ery part of this wide Confederacy? Was ever
such price paid, such hazards incurred for such a
boon ? But gentlemen say here it would have been
voted down if submitted. Is not this a confession
of the whole iniquity ? Why would they vote it
down, but because all men see that in the only
point pretended to be submitted there was a trick
and cheat? becauseimportantprovisions were con-
tained in the constitution not submitted, relating
to banks, the State capital, county seats, the fu-
gitive slave bill, upon which the people desired
to be heard? because the entire machinery of the
State government, which the people had elected,
was stricken out, and a virtual dictatorship insti-
tuted in its room? because it was the consumma-
tion and culmination of all those foregone acts of
tyranny which had ground that people in the dust
for years ? But I need not recount all the difficul-
ties in the way of the people of Kansas, to pre-
vent their swallowing this document whole, for
the privilege of voting on the slave clause.
THE PRESIDENT WANTS "PEACE AND QUIET."
He tells us all other matters are of trifling con-
sequence, and that Kansas has for some years oc-
cupied too much of public attention. Sir, the Chief
Magistrate of this Republic ought to remember
that no peace or quiet can come to a nation unless
justice and equity prevail in her councils; that there
is no free American heart but will beat fast and
fiercely under insult and wrong; that resistance
and redress dog the footsteps of oppression; that
government without representation is tyranny,
however disguised; and that deep down, hidden
among the eailiest maxims the men of Kansas
drank m from their mothers' lips is this—that re-
sistance to tyrants is obedience to God. While
we oppress, they will agitato, though soldiers sen-
tinel every doorway, and bayonets gleam in every
city; agitate, though every school-house be con-
verted into a barrack, and every temple of God,
like the " Old South," of Boston, stables the war-
horse of the invader! This agitation is not ag-
gressive, but protesting and defensive. Tread
upon the worm, and when it squirms, complain
of agitation. Open a sore, closed and healed by
the political surgery of 1850, and when the body-
politic shrinks and trembles as the knife goes
down through marrow and nerve, call this tremor
agitation. Etna may as well complain, while her
boiling surges work in fierce convulsion, that the
landscape above is not quiet; while the fires are
raging the earth will respond, and if this agitation
ceases, they must first be put out. Think you
this younggiant of the West, stretching his lusty
limbs, and conscious of his mantling powers, can
be crushed into quiet by the might of the Federal
arm, called by the President a " posse comitates?"
What features of similarity does"the President
find between the standing Army and a "posse
comitatus ?" Who does not Jtnow that the power
of the country, its citizens acting in aid of its own
officers, is as widely different from the standing
Army as the poles? In fact, the army was sent
there to overawe and put down the people and
their " jjosse." The Army is not of the people,
but acts in obedience to a central and imperial
will.
" When legal process i-; executed by tlie artillery and
bayonets of a standing Army, I.ibeitv is dead. As well con-
found ttie tettres de cachet, of the old Flench ligimc, with
the writ of habeas corpus, as the standing Army of the Re-
public to the posse comdatiis "
However desirable " peace and quiet," theycan
be purchased at too great a sacrifice. A pure des-
potism is the most quiet of all governments. Bet-
ter, far better, that the initial processes that make
the foundation stones of empire be laid in tempest
