THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 12.
one of the nations of the earth amount to an indi-
vidual recognition of his citizenship there ?
But, Mr. Chairman, as my time is drawing to
a close, I wish to add, lest it may be supposed
that I attach some importance to^this particular
proposition, that it makes not a particle of differ-
ence in the responsibility of the expedition to the
law, and the obligations of the President to en-
force tlie law—not a particle of difference whether
the persons engaged in the expedition be Nicara-
guans or of another country. There is no human
being, I care not whence he comes, other than an
accredited embassador of a foreign nation, who
is protected from the punishment of this law.
He who comes within the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States must keep the laws of the United States,
be he Nicaraguan or a native citizen. _ I merely
alluded to this question, to show that in any as-
pect of it, even if Mr. Walker were not a citizen
of the United States, his one hundred and fifty
men were; and if he claimed anything as a Nic-
araguan, he would be left in a miserable state of
isolation in this particular phase of the argument.
I will now proceed to an examination of the
conduct of Commodore Paulding.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. COLFAX, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Phelps reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the annual message of
the President of the United States, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
USE OF THE HALL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, asked leave to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the use ot' the Hall of the House of Hep
rcsentattves be allowed on Frnlay evening next to the Co-
lumbia Institution lor the instruction ollhe Deat', bum!),and
Wind, ineorpoiateil by Confess at its last t-ivsion, for an
exhibition 01' the pi ogress made by the pupils of that insti-
tution."
Mr. MASON and others objected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to sus-
pend the rules to allow him to introduce the res*
olution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Maine to restrict the terms of his reso-
lution to the use of the old Hall, as I propose to
do in reference to the Colonization Society.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have no ob-
jections to that, and make the modification accord-
ingly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The next thing
will be an abolition meeting in the Hall. I ob-
ject to the resolution, and move that the House
adjourn.
The question was put; and decided in the affirm-
ative—ayes 85, noes 80.
The House accordingly (at five minutes to four
o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 12, 1858.
Prayer by Ilov. W. II. Chapman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Hannah
Stroop, widow of John Stroop, a revolutionary
soldier, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. EVANS presented the memorial of Vir-
ginia Rose, for herself and others, heirs of Captain
Alexander Rose, an officer ill the revolutionary
army, praying to be allowed half pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented the
petition of A. S. H. White, praying for compen-
sation for his services in signing land patents,
under an appointment for that purpose dated De-
cember 12,1856; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of J. B.
Hancock and others, soldiers of the war of 1812,
praying that pensions may be granted, to all the
officers and soldiers of that war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MALLORY presented papers in favor of
the allowance of extra pay to William P, Lovell
and others, officers and seamen of the expedition
in search of Dr. Kane; which, with his petition
on file, were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have received, and been
requested to present to the Senate, a memorial of
Henry O'Reilly, concerning military highways,
or stockade routes, for protecting travelers and
settlers, and facilitating mail and telegraphic com-
munication through the vast interior Territories,
and rendering the United States independent of
foreign countries for transmitting the mail between
the Atlantic and Pacific States. 1 have also re-
ceived from Mr. O'Reilly a memorial concerning
the completion of a telegraph line to Port Laramie
and Salt Lake. It is addressed to the Senate by
the corporators of the St. Louis and Salt Lake
Telegraph Company. The two memorials sub-
stantially relate to the same subject, which is, the
importance of a line of telegraph fi'om the western
border of Missouri or Iowa to Fort Laramie or
the South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, and to
Salt Lake, as soon as the troubles shall be so
quieted there as to insure its protection, with a
view to reach the Pacific ocean.
The memorialists are under the impression that
the present state of difficulties in Utah Territory
requires immediately the establishment of this
telegraph line. They think it would facilitate the
public service, and would save, during the Mor-
mon war, ten times its cost to the United States
in the transmission of intelligence from here to
the seat of war, and from the seat of war to the
capital. They ask that Congress shall take steps
to protect the line. Their general plan is to estab-
lish a line of stockades, one every ten or twenty
miles, and place a small number of soldiers at
each stockade, so that the mails can be carried
without interruption from the Indians, from one
to the other, and so that a line of telegraph can
be immediately laid down and kept in constant
operation, by means of which telegraphic intel-
ligence can be communicated to and from the
Army.
It is due to Mr. O'Reilly to state that this is an
old and a favorite project of his. It is no w at least
ten years since he began to petition Congress in
favor of protecting tins line so that he could es-
tablish his telegraph. I rememberthat a national
convention was held at St. Louis, in 1849, in
which this telegraph was recommended in con-
nection with a railroad to the Pacific. The gen-
eral plan then was substantially the same as that
now proposed by Mr. O'Reilly, to wit: to estab-
lish these small, cheap stockades, one in every
ten or twenty miles; the work to be done by the
soldiers of the Army, and then to be protected
by them, so as to keep the communication con-
stantly open.
In furtherance of that line of policy, as early
as 1846, a new regiment of troops was raised,
called, in common parlance, the Oregon regiment,
the object of which was to establish a line of
stockades from the Missouri river to Oregon Ter-
ritory, we then not having acquired California.
The regiment was created for the purpose of es-
tablishing that service. I remember that we
passed it just about the time when the war with
Mexico liroke out on the Rio Grande; and the
exigencies of the public service justified the then
Administration of the Government m sending that
regiment to Mexico, where it was greatly needed,
and postponing the construction of the stockades.
President Polk having diverted that regiment for
that purpose, as I suppose he had a right to do
under the law, subsequent Administrations have
not felt bound to detach it from the regular Army,
and apply it to the service of establishing these
stockades.
I trust that the time has now come when that
favorite policy, established in 1846, and which has
been called for by the public interests ever since,
may be carried out. At least, I trustitmay be
so far carried out that we shall grant the prayer
of the petition of Mr. O'Reilly, by establishing
a telegraphic communication and protecting it as
far as the present state of the country will au-
thorize; penetrating into the Mormon territory,
with a view of carrying itforward as soon as peace
shall be established. I believe it would be an
economical measure; I think it would be a great
military movement which would save a large
amount of money in the military operations of
the Government; and with that view I commend
it to the Senate. I suppose the proper committee
to which to refer it is the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia; because, if there is any
special emergency for it now, not heretofore ex-
isting, independent of the general good it would
confer in a time of profound peace, it arises from
the necessity of a telegraph to facilitate military
communication. I therefore move that the memo-
rials be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for an order to print
these memorials for the use of the Senate, in order
that the committee may read them with more
facility.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
print will be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing, under the rules.
EMPLOYMENT OF CHAPLAINS.
Mr. BIGGS. I present the memorial of H. P.
Barnes and forty-four others, citizens of Missis-
sippi, praying for the abolition of chaplaincies
in Congress and in the Army and Navy. The
memorialists will probably be gratified to know
that Congress has taken a step in the right direc-
tion by abolishing substantially the place or office
of Chaplain in Congress. They ask also for the
abolition of chaplaincies in the Army and Navy.
This involves a grave constitutional question; and
I presume the proper committee to which it ought
to be referred is the Committee on the Judiciary.
I therefore move that the memorial be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, in the hope that
that committee will come to the conclusion to re-
port a bill repealing all laws, practices, or regula-
tions authorizing chaplaincies in the United States
service.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Jane Smith, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Ptivate Land
Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Jane Baker, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Pensions; "which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing', to whom was referred the
i motjon to print the memorials of Henry O'Reilly,
reported in favor of printing the usual number;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution to authorize the printing
and binding of two thousand copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for the
use of his office, reported it, with an amendment
reducing the number to one thousand. The
amendment was agieed to; and the resolution as
amended was adopted.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution to print additional copies
of the report of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, reported adversely thereon; and the resolu-
tion was ordered to lie on the table.
He also, from the same committee, to •whom
was referred a resolution to print five hundred
copies of the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, for the use of his office, re-
ported it without amendment; and the resolution
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the message of the
President of the United States, communicating
correspondence of John W. Geary, late Governor
of Kansas, reported in favor of the printing;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of War in relation to certain harbors
on Lake Erie, communicated to the Senate on the
11th of January, reported that the same be printed;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of War in relation to the improvement
