2362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 24,
farms: but they own none of the soil or stock
oi- property, and are dependent for their positions
upon the will and pleasure of their employers.
How is it in the city of Baltimore, the gentle-
man's own city? You will find there thousands
of young men, men of intelligence and education,
who are there merely temporarily, serving as
clerks in wholesale warehouses, not identified
tvith the property interest of the city, but are
merely there at the will and pleasure of your
wholesale merchants, your grocers, your tobacco
manufacturers.
Will you say that because these men are de-
pendent upon their employers for their bread,
'they must be excluded from the exercise of suf-
frage also ? Yes, says the gentleman. Then, sir,
if that be the doctrine, he will exclude from vot-
ing every man m this country who is not a prop-
erty-holder. That is the effect of his argument,
Let us look at if further. You would deprive of
the right of suffrage, in my humble judgment,
that class of citizens who are among the most
meritorious in the country. In my State, Ken-
tucky, every young man who is not the holder
of property—our dry-goods cleiks, the employes
on our farms, the ovei seers upon our plantations
—every one of them who happens to own no prop-
erty, and yet may be a better citizen and more
intelligent in every respect than some of those
who are property holders—all these will be ex-
cluded from the right of suffrage. Gentlemen,
are you ready for this? Sir, it is in direct con-
flict with the whole spirit and genius of our insti-
tutions. It is at war with the entire principle of
republicanism and true liberty; and, for one, 1
shall,on all occasions and undei all circumstances,
enter my most solemn protest against it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, Will my
colleague allow mo to ask him a question ?
Mr. BURNETT. I will.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I concur
with my colleague m his opposition to the prin-
ciple of a property qualification of suffrage; but,
would he consider it right lor a young man, for
instance, m a di y-goods store m Kentucky, com-
ing from Ohio, to vote in Kentucky while he still
held hts icsidence in Ohio, and went there occa-
sionally to vote—living in Kentucky merely as a
temporary place of residence, with the intention
of returning to Ohio to reside permanently?
Mr. BURNETT. No, km.
Mr. MARSHALL,of Kentucky. Thru which
we object to, is, that employes who do not lose
their residence in the State from which they came,
may jump on the laihoad carsatany time and go
home to vote.
Mr. BURNETT. My colleague will find that
his theoiy will not do. My colleague will under-
stand that the ekctjon laws in our own State re-
quire a lesidence of sixty days within the District
before the voter can b<> allowed to exercise the
right of suffrage, yet if they are temporarily ab-
sent from tin• ir homes, although they may vote
when; they are in eity elections, they return to
vote in general elections.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky to allow me for a moment ?
The gentleman may think that his deductions
from my remarks are conect; but, sir, I must
enter my solemn protest against the deductions
of the gentlemen, because they cannot he legiti-
mately drawn from what I say. I suppose that
at this moment I repiesent four fifths of the labor-
ing population of Baltimore; the resident, perma-
nent population; men who make up the substance
and stiength of the country. What I speak of
here, is the mere floating, temporary population,
which does not reside heie at all; who are heie
visitors, or foi mete temporary purposes. Prop-
erty has nothing to do with it.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr.Chairman,thegentleman
cannot escape the effect of the position he has taken
here to-day. It will bo understood by the coun-
try. I have not misunderstood it. Let us continue
to see how this thing will work The employes of
any merchant are in the power of their employers,
and their votes may be controlled m the same way.
Sir, Pennsylvania is a great State. She has an
immense iron interest, which employs thousands
of persons, who, with t heir wives and families, are
dependent upon their employment for their daily
bread. But according to the theory of the gen-
tleman fiom Maryland, [Mr. Davjs] these ni^il
should be deputed of the right of voting. Be-
cause a man is dependent upon his employer for
bread, he cannot therefore exercise the right of
suffrage as a free agent: that is the position of
the gentleman. He cannot draw a distinction be-
tween the employes of the Government and any
other class of employes. The conclusions I have
drawn from his premises are legitimate, and I
enter my most absolute dissent to any such doc-
trine.
But what next? The gentleman from Mary-
land has taken this occasion, though I cannot see
what possible connection it can have with the bill
under consideration, to go into what purports to
be a history of the riots which occurred in the
municipal election of this city last June. He has
drawn a picture and presented it to this commit-
tee; whether it be true or not, 1 will not under-
take to say. I will not pretend to make an issue
with him upon that question. The gentleman
stated that what he said was in all fairness, not
for partisan purposes. I should have preferred
that he should have stated all the facts in connec-
tion with the subject, that the House and countiy
niighijihave judged as to the merits of the whole
tiausaction.
The gentleman said, that no such disorder, no
such scenes of bloodshed and murder had occurred
until the last municipal election m this city. Now,
sir, it is necessary, in order that the nature of this
whole transaction may be known, that the truth of
history may be vindicated, to state, as I do state
here to-day, a fact which is susceptible of the full-
estproof, that until the birth of Know Nothingism
in this country, no such scenes have ever occui red
in our whole history. Until it exhibited itself in
1854, the elections in the great cities of the Union
passed off quietly and peaceably. But, after the
organization of that party, with its secret oaths
and its prosenptive principles, scenes of not and
bloodshed followed in its train, and have contin-
ued from that time down to the present, wheiever
the party lias been in power.
Now, sir, i do not intend to go into a discus-
sion of that question. If the gentleman wants
evidence, I refer him to the history of the city of
Baltimoie, and the city of Louisville, in my own
State, and to the citj of New Oi leans, since the
organization of the Know Nothing party. I say
that such scenes never occurred m our history
until men banded together by solemn oaths, and
met in secre t councils for political purposes, swear-
ing allegiance in those oaths to the peculiar tenets
of what was known as ,/lnici icanisin, to exclude
adopted citizens from all office, to exclude them
from the right of suffrage, and to make lel.gious
opinions the test of a man's fitness for office.
Until these things were done, no scenes of vio-
lence marked the history of elections m the cities
of this Union.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman permit me 
Mr. BURNETT. Not now. I want to call
the gentleman's attention to one fact. While we
are comparing notes to-day, 1 ask the gentleman
to let us go home to his own city; and I toll the
committee that if they want to hear a tale of hor-
rors; if they wish to hear of outrages which the
American people never dieamed of, nor ever be-
fore entered the imagination of the masses; if they
want to learn how the rights of citizens wen; to-
tally disregarded, the ballot-box violated, and the
freemen of the country outraged, let them read the
printed testimony in the contested-election case of
Whyte against Han is.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 take it for
granted that the gentleman will yield to me under
the circumstances.
Mr. BURNETT. For a moment, but not for
a speech.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I appeal to his
fairness and sense of right how long that moment
shall last.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman wishes to
make an explanation, I will yield.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 wish to make
a statement on my own part.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot consent to that.
The gentleman can take the floor when I have
finished.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
has referred to nv personally, and I trust he will
allow rnc to finish my sentence, at least. The
gentleman has personally introduced me into this
debate.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman is mistaken. ■
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. You referred to
my case by name.
Mr. BURNETT. It is a part and parcel of the
history of this country.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
referred to me by name; and I appeal to his fair-
ness as a gentleman to let me say something in
reply. I will put it in the shape of a question if
he prefers it.
Mr. BURNETT. It would be impossible for
me to yield to the gentleman to make a speech in
legaiu to the merits of his case; a.nd he must sec
I have never been guilty, knowingly, of discour-
tesy to any gentleman, and I would be unwilling
to do the gentleman from Maryland any injustice.
Mr. HARRIS, of IVIaryland. The gentleman's
allusion puts me in a false position. If he throws
me on the necessity of assuming the floor to make
a speech to the committee, I should then be
checked upon the ground that it was indelicate to
speak in my own case in advance of its being
brought into the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not intend to charge
that the gentleman has been guilty of any of the
things I have spoken of.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, I know that the
gentleman did not, and I know that he dare not
charge me personally with it.
Mr. BURNETT. When it is necessary, I dare
do anything.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I know it; but
the gentleman, when he dared do any thing, would
do it with a icgaid to the tiuth.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentle man must see,
when he says I dare not, that that is a term I un-
derstand; and whenever it is necessary, the gen-
tleman will find that I never hesitate at any sort
of responsibility.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I understand
amongst gentlemen that any such remark is un-
necessary, because the fact is always conceded.
I make the remark because the truth of history,
as the gentleman calls it, would not connect me
personally with anything objectionable. Will the
gentleman allow me to say, or shall I be thrown
upon the necessity of asking the House 
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot yield the floor to
the gentleman to make a speech. I have referred
only to the gentleman's case. I do not intend to
be diawn into an argument as to the merits and
dements of cither side of the question. I am not
discussing the question as to whether the gentle-
man's party has been guilty of these outrages;
but I do say that until the birth of that paity no
such outrages occurred
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, (in his seat.)
Theie never was any foreign combination until
then.
Mi. BURNETT. My colleague says in his
seat that there was no such combination. I thank
God ! thai it is being rapidly broken up.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I remarked
that there never was any foreign combination in
the country until then.
Mr. BURNETT. Jf you tread upon a worm
it will turn upon you. \V h< n native-born citizens
banded themselves together for the purpose of
proscribing a class of our ciU7ens, when that class
was assailed with slungshot, bowie-knife, and re-
volver, there is no wonder that they combined for
their own protection.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I ask the attention of this
committee for a few moments to the history of
affairs in this city. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Davis] says 
Mr. BLISS, i rise to a question of order.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 am only replying to the
remaiks of the gentleman from Maiyland, [Mr.
Davis ]
Mr. BLISS. I intended to raise a question of
order as to the relevancy of this debate; but, as
it is suggested to i.ie not to do it, I will decline
doing so.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Mary-
land took it on himself to denounce the Mayor of
this city as corrupt, and his administration of the
city affairs as of the most disgraceful character. I
am not here for the purpose of defending the Mayor
and corporation of the city of Washington. I have
admitted that, m my opinion, there were abuses
here, and I have said that I would go with gen-
tlemen for their correction. The gentleman fiom
Maryland stated that we were here on the eve of
every election for the purpose of passing a law in
