1338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
inference—at least, until it is proved to be other-
wise— is, that these counties were without popu-
lation. This would leave thirty-four counties to
be represented in the Lecompton convention.
These were arranged by Jaw into election districts
for the election of delegates to the convention, as
follows:
1st district, Doniphan county.
2d " Brown and Nerneha counties.
3d " Atchison county.
4th " Leavenworth county.
5th ' (< Jefferson county.
6th " Calhoun county.
7th " Marshall eonnty.
8th " Riley and Pottawatomie counties.
9th " Johnson county.
]0th " Douglas county.
jlth " Shawnee, Richardson, and Davis counties.
12th " Lykmgs county.
13th " FraukHn county.
14th <{ Weller, Breckinridge, Wise, and Madison
' counties.
15th " Butler and Coffee counties.
16th " Lynn county.
17th " Anderson county.
18th " Bouibon, McGee, Dorn, and Allen counties.
19th <e Woodson, Wilson, Godfrey Greenwood, and
Hunter counties.
There were, as the returns made to the Gov-
ernor will show, nine thousand two hundred and
iifty-one voters registered in twenty-one of these
thirty-four counties. The names of the.se coun-
ties, and the number of voters registered in each,
are as follows:
No. of No of legal
district, Names of counties. voters.
1..Doniphan    3,088
2.. Brown  206
Nemelia  140
3.. Atchison  801
4. .Leavenworth  1,837
5.. Jefferson .  553
6..Calhoun  291
7.. Mai shall 206
8.. Riley    3.">3
Pottawatomie *  205
9.. Johnson  496
10..Douglas  1,318
11..Shawnee, Richardson, and Davih   283
12..Lykings    413
13..Fiankhn no return
14. .4 counties no return
15. .2 counties   „ no return
16..Lynn  413
]7..1 (Anderson) no lefnrn
J 8.. Bourbon, MeGee, Alien, and Doin  615
19..5 counties no return
Total.
9,251
Upon this registration being returned to Gov-
ernor Stanton, lie made an apportionment of rep-
resentation in accordance with law. That appor-
tionment is as follows:
1st district, Doniphan county, 7 delegates.
2d " Brown and Nemcha   2 «•
3d " Atchison  5 "
4th " Leavenworth   12 "
Otli " Jefferson    4 "
6th « Calhoun  2 "
7th u Marshall  1 k'
8th " Riley and Pottowatomie  4 <v
9th " Johnson    3 "
10th « Doughi - 3 "
11th " Shawnee, Bidiaid^on, and
Davis  2 11
32th " Lyking"  3 <l
J6ih u Lviin  3 <v
18th " Bombon, Mi'Geo, Dorn, and
Allen.  4 tC
It will be seen, by this apportionment that,
twenty-one of the thirty-four counties wete rep-
resented in the Lecompton convention, leaving
sixteen not represented by their own delegates.
1 have shown, I think, that in three of these
sixteen counties there was no population to be
represented. Lot us see, then, how many dele-
gates the remaining thirteen of the so-called dis-
franchised counties would have been entitled to
if the citizens therein residing had been registered
and entitled to vote for delegates.
At the election on the 4th of January last, when
the Lecompton constitution was submitted for
ratification or rejection to a vote of all the qual-
ified citizens of Kansas, in the form desired by
the free-Suite party, theie were given in six of
these thirteen counties one thousand two hundred
and twenty-five votes, all told, and m the other
seven not one vote was cast. I would ask again,
where were the qualified citizens of these seven
counties at this time when they could have voted,
and, if opposed to the Lecompton constitution, had
an opportunity to show that opposition ? Were
there qualified voters in these seven counties en-
titled to be represented in the convention ? If
they were, their conduct was not only singularly
strange, but it affords strong; ground for a pre-
sumption that they were satisfied with what the
convention had done, and approved the constitu-
tion. There is a trite adage, and one generally
true, that silence gives consent. It is certainly
so in elections.
Governor Walker assumed this position in his
inaugural address to the people of Kansas. He
says:
" The Jaw has performed its entire appropriate function
when it extends to the people the right of suffrage, but it
cannot compel the performance of that duty. Throughout
our whole Union, however, and wherever free government
prevails, those who abstain from the exercise of the rightof
suffrage authorize those who do vote to act for them in that
contingency, and the absentees are as much bound under
thg law and constitution, where there is no fraud or vio-
lence, by the act of the majority of those who do vote,
if all had participated in theclection. Otherwise, as voting
must be voluntary, self-government would be impiactica-
ble, and monarchy or despotism would remain as the only
alternative."
I have not read this portion of the Governor's
inaugural to show that the citizens of Kansas had
a right to annul, by their votes on the 4th of Jan-
uary last, the constitution which had been adopt-
ed by a vote of the citizens on the 21st of Decem-
ber preceding. I only quote from this authority
to establish the rule which I have laid down, be-
cause whatever the Governor says now is taken
by my friends on the other side of the House as
verity itself. If this rule be a correct one, does
not a fair presumption arise, from the conduct of
the citizens of these seven counties in not voting
against the constitution on the 4th day of Janu-
ary, that they either approved it, or that they
would not have voted for delegates if they could
have done so? To my mind it is clear that, if
they approved the constitution, or if they obsti-
nately refused to vote when they had the oppor-
tunity, they would have refused to vote for dele-
gates if they had been permitted so to do, and in
either case they are in law without remedy, and
the Lecompton constitution is to be taken as an
expression of their will.
Let us inquire next to whatnumber of delegates
the remaining six of the disfranchised counties
would have been entitled in the convention if they
could have elected delegates? The convention, by
legislative enactment, was to consist of sixty del-
egates. The number of voters registered in the
counties represented in the convention was 9,251.
Add to this number the whole number of votes
given in these six counties on the 4th of January
last, which was 1,225, and you have as the total,
10,476. This number divided by GO, (the num-
ber of delegates of which the convention was to be
composed,) and it will show how many voters it
required to electa delegate. It will be seen that
it required 174. If we divide 1,225 (the number
of votes polled in the six counties referred to) by
174, it will show that the six counties were en-
titled to just seven delegates.
Now, sir, taking it as granted that all these
i counties would have elected free-State delegates,
j there would have been just that number of free-
i State delegates in the convention. But, sir, let
I us go further, and admit, for the sake of the argu-
i ment, that the thirteen reunifies said to bedisfran-
i rinsed, (not taking in the account the three where
! nobody lived,) had !>oen*entitled to all the dele-
i gates, except those who took theirseats as mem-
bers of the convention, they would have been cn-
i titled to only sixteen delegates; for it will be
: observed that forty-four delegates from the other
, districts signed the constitution. What could
have been done by these sixteen delegates? Could
; they have controlled the action of the convention ?
i Would not the constitution have e.ome from the
| convention precisely as it did ? It is but fair to
i presume that it would.
i The position assumed by some, that the dele-
| gates who did assemble in convention at Lecomp-
i ton and frame a constitution, were not legally
j elected, is not, in my judgment, sustained by the
i facts, and is without support in law. I have never
| yet heard itasserted, here or elsewhere, that these
I delegates had not severally received a majority of
| all the legal votes polled at the delegate election.
| If such is the fact, I have not seen the proof. Itis
1 said, however, and perhaps truly said, that these
. delegates received a great many fraudulent votes.
! What effect would this have on theirnghtto seats
: in the convention? If they received a majority of
all legal votes polled, were they not legally elect-
ed r What is the inquiry before a committee ap-
pointed to ascertain the right of a member of Con-
gress to his seat? Certainly it is not whether he
has received fraudulent votes, but whether he has
received a majority of all the legal votes polled.
If he has, he is declared elected. I know of no
difference in an election of a member of Congress
and a delegate to a convention which would ren-
der the election of one void and not that of the
other. If all the offices were to be vacated now
in our Union, by those filling them, who have
received illegal votes, there would be scarcely a
corporal's guard of officials in all the land. I
do not wish to be understood as approving the
frauds committed in Kansas. I hate fraud at elec-
tions, and heartily despise the men who can com-
mit them. But we must not be led to the other
extreme, and pronounce all elections void because
some illegal votes may be polled by bad men.
This would destroy our Government itself, and
leave us without law and all our rights insecure.
It is further urged as an argument against the
Lecompton convention, that a large number of the
qualified citizens of Kansas refused to vote at the
election Of delegates, because they apprehended
violence on the part of the pro-slavery men, and
that they would be outvoted by fraudulent votes;
and that even if they did poll a majority of votes,
false and fraudulent returns would have been made
to defeat them. Would this plea answer in a court
of justice if the question of the election of an offi-
cer was being inquired into before it? Certainly
not. The mere apprehension of violence or fraud
could not be alleged before a judicial tribunal so
as to render void an election. Itis the same here.
We cannot inquire into the apprehensions of citi-
zens of fraud or violence to invalidate an election.
Governor Walker, when speaking of the act call-
ing the convention, and entreating the citizens of
Kansas to vote at the election of delegates, was
right when he said:
" I see in this act calling the convention no improper or
unconstitutional restrictions upon the right of suffrage. I
sue m it no test-oath, or other similar provisions objected to
in relation to previous laws, but clearly repealed as repug-
nant to the provisions of this act, so far as regards the elec-
tion of delegates to this convention. It is said that a fair
and full vote will not be taken. Who can safely predict
such a result ? Nor is it just for a majority, as they allege,
to throw the power into the hands of a minority from am&e
apprehension (T trust entirely unfounded) that they will not
be permitted to exercise the right of suffrage. If, by fraud
or violence, a majority should not be permitted to vote, there
is a icmedy, it is hoped, in the wisdom and justice of the
convention itself, acting under the obligations of an oath,
and a proper responsibility to the tribunal of public opin-
ion."
These people who refused to vote for this rea-
son were baaly instructed, and should have dis-
obeyed their leaders, gone to the polls, offered to
vote, at least; and if they had been turned away
by violence, or defeated by fraudulent votes or
returns, the convention would not have dared to
sanction the outrage. By staying away from
the polls they gave the right to those who did vote
i to secure a majority of the delegates to the con-
I vention, and that, too, in accordance with all the
j rules of law in such cases.
! I have already quoted what Governor Walker
said to the people of Kansas on this point, and
agree with him that "those who abstain from the
exercise of the right of suffrage authorize those
who do vote to act for them in that con tingency. "
If this rule was not to be observed, all free govern-
ments would soon be at an end.
But, sir, it is doubted by some eminent states-
men, as well as lawyers, whether we have any
right to inquire into the right of a member of the
j Lecompton convention to his seat. They say that
j such a body is the sole judge of the qualifications
j of its own members; and that if fraud was com-
| mitted in the election of one or more of the dele-
II gates, the convention alone could inquire into it.
jj This is certainly the law with regard to members
'! of Congress, and of all the legislative bodies in
j the Union. Whether it is the same with regard to
i the election of delegates to a territorial conven-
j tion, I will not stop to inquire. I think I have
j shown that the delegates to the Lecompton con-
! vention were legally elected; and if they were,
j and once took their seats, it will not be denied
that they had the right to frame a constitution for
| the people of Kansas.
j The next question for discussion is, was the
: Lecompton convention bound by law,precedent,
! or otherwise, to submit the constitution there
