1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Thompson.
Ho. of Reps.
and hurricane, if justice and equity preside over
the ceremony, and they lie upon the rock, than to
imbed them beneath a clear sky and unclouded
sun, if they rest upon the sand. The way to le-
store pcace and harmony, is to permit the people
of Kansas to frame their domestic institutions in
their own way.
" TIIE PEOPLE MAY CHANGE THIS CONSTITUTION IN
A BRIEF PERIOD."
But, says the President, with wonderful adroit-
ness:
"If this constitution is displeasing to a majouty of the
people, no human power can prevent their changing it
within a brief period
Does this look like a desire for peace and quiet ?
to have the Federal Legislature hang fetters about
their necks, bccause no human power can prevent
their breaking them off? Has the President well
considered what struggles and convulsions, what
strifes and excitements, such a change embosoms;
what fierce elements it awakens in the conflict,
of wrong1 with the show of legitimacy on the one
side, and of right with the appearance of revolu-
tion on the other ? What is this but sowing the
wind to reap the whirlwind ? And in how short
a time can this be done? It cannot be initiated
until after six years, if we accept the assumptions
of this instrument—one fifth the average duration
of a human generation ! Is this statesmanship or
time-serving-? Tell the exile that in a brief period
he may again tiead his native soil, and look
upon the faces of his friends, and when his eye
lightens with hope, say to him, after six yeais,
and he will curse you for a mocking fiend ! Tell
a free people, now ripe for empire, and capable
of forming their own institutions, that you will
fasten upon them a constitution they abhor and
a policy they despise, and if they are not content
they can change it in a brief period," and what
must they think of your wisdom and sincerity?
Sir, in this " brief period " this constitutional upas
tree may entwine its roots and fibers into every
fissure and crevice of State institutions; it may
lock and hold with its banded strength every stone
and buttress of this youngmemborof theRepub-
• lie, mingling itself with every interest, and diffus-
ing its poison through every avenue, until the
very capacity of resistance dies out, or until men,
so tantalized and abused, shake off the dust of
their feet upon a soil tainted and defiled, and leave
this fair portion of God's heritage to wither and
perish in the folds of an influence that spares noth-
ingitcangrasp. Sir, this" brief period " is about
as long as the revolutionary war. JNTo freeman
born on American soil will endure it. You may
push power so far, and defer hope so long, as
to provoke instant resistance, and oxa^pctate to
open defiance without compromise or delay.
I have thus noticed the absence of all legal au-
thority on the part of this quasi Lecompton con-
vention to prepare and sond this constitution to
Congress for ratification or rejection; that in any
event the people of Kansas aie not to be sub-
jected, like a conquered military province, to the
rescripts of a central power, in respect to the form
or principles of their constitution; that the Ad-
ministration is notconsistent with us own avowed
creed in forcing a constitution upon them with-
out their own free expression upon the whole,
and upon every part of it; that domestic institu-
tions m a State are something more than those
regulating household domestics. I have exposed
the fallacy of the President's criticism upon lan-
guage, as well as his reasoning upon affairs of
State; I have shadowed out the uselessness and
danger of pushing a free people beyond the point
of endurance, and have tried to show that justice
and fair dealing is the only safe policy of nations;
and yet, sir, 1 am admonished, by the history of
the past few years, that all this may be in vain.
Step by stop, as with the crushing omnipotence
of fate, has the policy which now rules the Kx-
ecutive been advancing upon us, extending its
Briarean arms until it enfolds every important
interest of the Republic in its grasp. No man,
as Governor or Secretary, has been found stern
enough to do its behests upon the soil of Kansas.
One after the other falls under the executive guil-
lotine, because he cannot quiet the throes of this
modern Enceladus, that shakes the earth each
time ho moves within his tomb. It is keen, ac-
tive, versatile, tireless—it molds and manages
every national expression to a single purpose and
end—it builds up year by year, beneath the calm
surface of affairs, foundations of empire and ag-
grandizement, until by a sudden recession of the
tide they stand revealed to the amazement of every
eye. It has a logic as intuitive as it is sure, and
according to which everything has followed in its
order; no purpose balked, no prophecy of friend
or foe unaccomplished, but the end is not yet.
" Logic," says Lamartine, " is the vengeance of
God.4*' Those messages have awakened a thrill
of indignation in thousands of bosoms which no
prior act could move; they have rolled the scales
fiom many an eye which, once opened, nothing
again can darken. Gieat masses of patriotic men
have read them in sadness, and arose from their
perusal as if an eclipse had covered up the sun.
They have broken party ties and party entangle-
ments, rendered imperative a new mustering of
forces, and already the hosts are selecting their
position, and the hour of piepaiation draws on.
Sir, let it come. I care not who is leader. It is
a conflict of great principles, now meeting face
to face. There is no neutrality, no side issues,
through which to escape the responsibility of
their direct encounter. And yet, say gentlemen
in an agony of lau lation, " the message h transpa-
rent." Well, sir, I think it does begin to be trans-
parent, riddled like a drooping flag run up from
the White House; the big rent in the center shot
through by the first gun from the Senate, which,
traversing yon avenue, went point blank to the
mark. It begins to be a transparency, the most
transparent thing I over saw, and we can now
see stars, not on it, but through it.
" NON-INTERVENTION."
Rut, sir, the principle of popular sovereignty,
it now seems, has a new phase for the occasion,
" non-intervention." It is now gravely urged
that Congiess is not to look behind the present-
ation here of a constitution by the Lecompton
convention or its agents, but accept it as the valid
expression of the popular will, and so pass it on
the principle of non-intervention; on the ground
that the doctune of State sovereignty, earned to
its logical and legitimate results, denies to Con-
gress the right of interfering with inchoate, incip-
ient States, when taking the steps for emerging
from the condition of Territories, precisely in the
same manner as they have denied its right of in-
terference in the organized States themselves.
This doctiine is as ridiculous as it is wicked.
Congress is bound to scrutinize and review all the
proceedings of a Territory in asking for admis-
sion, to see to the fairness of every step; that no
oppression is attempted, no undue advantage ob-
tained; that the constitution proposed is the fair
and honest expression of the popular will, and
will promote peace and harmony. Congress has
no right to separate the science of government
from ethics, nor encourage the dangerous sug-
gestion that governments are not strictly bound
by the obligations of truth, justice, and human-
ity. On this non-intervention principle, it is a
question of superior speed, or of more adroit ly-
ing, in the messenger; the fleetest horse and the
boldest front wins the day. A whole directory
of names may be returned by a corrupt commis-
sioner, and the Governor is to certify it by non-
intervention. Itgoes to the Legislature, and they
look only to the imprimatur of the Governor, and
it passes along by non-intervention, and a Dele-
gate comes here, never chosen, by non-interven-
tion. And so of this constitution, if the votes,
or their results, on the 2lst of December, are as
false as those rejected by Governor Walker, and
every member of this House knows it, provided
they arc certified by this roving-constitutional-
ballot-box, Calhoun, that is an estoppel upon
Congress, nnd no man can say nay. The argu-
ment so often made here, that a majority of the
new States did not first submit their constitutions
to the people, cannot be urged by any one who
approved of, or participated m, the repeal ot the
Missouri compromise line; that act was repealed
to assert a principle—popular sovereignty. How
can its authois after that force a constitution upon
a new State, upon the whole of which the popu-
lar voice has not spoken. They are estopped
from asserting and repudiating the same principle
in the same breath
; BR1KF HISTORY OP KANSAS.
Kansas has a brief but bitter history, of mis-
rule and Federal despotism. She was organized
as a Territory, May 30,1854; the organic act pro-
viding for a Governor, Secretary, district attor-
ney, marshal, and judges, to be appointed by the
President. By section twenty-two, the legislative
power is vested in the Governor, and a Legislative
Assembly, composed of two Houses—a Council
of thirteen, chosen for two years, and a House of
Representatives of thirty-six, to" continue for
one year—an apportionment to be made of these
among the several counties; and, " previous to
the first election, the Governor shall causc acen-
sus of the qualified voters to be taken"'—every
free white male inhabitant being a qualified voter.
This first election, under Governor Reader, was
to take place on the 30th of March, 1855. The
qualified voters went to the places designated to
vote; what did they find ? In every Council dis-
trict, and in every Representative district but one,
an armed mob from an adjoining State in posses-
sion of the ballot-boxes, and voting for members
of the Territorial Legislature; four thousand nine
hundred of them doing this treason to the rights
of the people of Kansas, and usurping the govern-
ment over them. The Governor was appalled by
this invasion, and attempted to correct it, but had
not the means of reaching the evil. Members,
actually elected in some districts, to whom he
gave certificates, were rejected by the creatures
of the four thousand nine hundred invaders. This
quasi Legislature opened its sittings, and assumed
to pass a body of laws, which would not be cred-
ited , had not papei and type immortalized their
infamy with that of their authors—a Draco code,
more infernal than the bloody and barbarous
edicts of the tyrants of eight centuries ago.
The actual voters of Kansas, having no voice
in all this work of the invading hordes, peaceably
assembled, and in convention framed a constitu-
tion; submitted the whole of it to the people, by
whom it was approved, and asked for admission
under it into the Union. They were rejected, be-
cause the Federal Government, m the face of all
the facts to the contrary, assumed that the gov-
ernment of the invaders was a legal government.
The President became particeps criminis to this
outrage upon popular rights, and then commenced
that series of measures, unparalleled in the his-
tory of this country, to force a government upon an
unwilling people. The standing Army was sum-
moned from every accessible post, and bayonets
thrust at the throats of freemen, to compel them
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way. Unwillingness to submit to a
gang of marauders was denominated treason, and
shooting and hanging were freely threatened to
those who desired fairness and freedom in mat-
ters which concerned only themselves.
After the failure of several Governors to recon-
cile a free people to this combined local and Fed-
eral usurpation, Governor Walker was chosen,
as peculiarly fitted, first, to legalize the fraud in
the eye of the people, if possible, and if not able
to do this, then to biing the Tenitory into the
Union as an Africanized Democratic State. His
own letteis to the President, as well as his in-
structions from that functionary, abundantly
prove this. Two years had passed away in bit-
terness and broil—two years of misrule, tyranny
and usurpation. A law was passed by this ruffian
Legislature, authorizing the election of a conven-
tion to fiame a constitution, ignoring the one
already rejected by Congress. The people in-
sisted on an organization of the election districts,
and a registration of legal voters, before going
into another election. This was denied- them,
and they could not, therefore, vote. Not one
ninth of the voters in the Territory did or could
vote. That one ninth elected the members of the
Lecompton convention—Calhoun and his asso-
ciates pledging themselves, on paper, to submit
the whole constitution to be framed by them to
the people. This pledge is shamefully violated,
and the President indorses it—quibbling about
domestic institutions. An election is held upon
the slave clause—the people indignantlyiefasmg
to participate m the farce, but condemning the
wiiole of it by the authority of the Legislature,
on the 4th of January, 1858. Directories are
copied to furnish a show of voters on these occa-
