1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£88
of rivers and harbors in the State of New York,
communicated January 11, reported in favor of
the printing; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating an abstract
of offers for furnishing articles falling under the
cognizance of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
submitted an adverse report; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 55)
granting relief to certain officers and soldiers of
the war of 1819, and of certain Indian wars; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 56)
explanatory of an act entitled (< An act in addition
to certain acts granting bounty land to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States/' approved
March 3, 1855; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
CHANGING THE NAMES OF VESSELS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have been instructed by
the Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 32) to repeal an act entitled
*' An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the names of vessels in certain
cases," approved March 5,1856, to report the bill
back to the Senate with a recommendation that
it pass; and 1 ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to put the bill on its passage now. The
necessity for it is urgent, as I will explain in a few
words.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of" the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, not quite
two years e.go, an act was passed by Congress,
intended to avoid the frequent applications which
had been made in special cases for a change of the
names of vessels. As these applications had
never, in the memory of any of us, been refused,
it was deemed proper to pass a general law au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to change
the names of vessels on application, and proper
cause being shown. The law has been mischiev-
ous in the extreme in its operation. I have be-
fore me a list, or alphabetical register, containing
a statement of ninety-two vessels whose names
have been changed since the passage of that law;
thirty-one of which have either beeft lost or found-
ered at sea, or have been the cause of injury to
life or property.
It appears that so soon as this lawwas passed,
the owner of every vessel which had lost us rep-
utation by reason of accident, shipwreck, age, or
any other cause whatever, changed the name of
that vessel, for the purpose of deceiving the public
into confiding property or life for transportation
on board of it. In many of these cases the loss
of life has hpen frightful. I will merely call to
the attention of the Senate the case of the Central
America. That vessel was the old George Law.
If she had been put up for the voyage on which
she was lost as the George Law, passengers would
not have intrusted their safety to that vessel. Her
name, under this law, was changed to the Central
America, and the consequence was the deplorable
shipwreck which we all remember as resulting in
so tremendous a loss of human life. I have be-
fore me the report of the committee of captains
and inspectors appointed by the New York board
of underwriters to examine into the causes of the
loss of that vessel; and a single passage of it will
suffice to inform the Senate of the causes which
led to that shipwreck:
" It cannot, an$ should not, be concealed, that the testi-
mony before the committee goes to show that the Central
America was not found and equipped as she ought to have
been ; that her crew was not butiiciently numerous; that
she was without a carpenter, oi s-uitable ca>j eiitcr*h tools ;
and what seoins to the committee a most serjoiM defect—
being common, it is leared, in many of our passenger steam-
ers—there was a want of proper oiganization m regard to
the iclative authouty and duties of the olficeis and erevv of
the vessel."
In another case reported in the volume to which
I havealluded, I find that one vessel had her name
changed three times in eighteen months, having
been repeatedly examined, condemned as rotten,
then had her name changed, and finally she pro-
ceeded to sea, after two changes of name, and
foundered at sea, as is supposed, she having never
been since heard of. This vessel was originally
called the Balaklava. She was .seized for a vio-
lation of law, and condemned. Her name was
then changed to the Magnolia, in April, 1856; she
was examined, found rotten, and condemned at
Key West. Her name was then changed to the
Tropic Bird, in August, 1856; she put into
Holmes's Hole, leaking badly; was sold at Glou-
cester; sailed for Surinam, and has never since
been heard of.
Out of this list of ninety-two vessels, in the
course of eighteen months over thirty have been
found to be rotten, and their names changed sim-
ply as a deception on the public. The committee
communicated with the Secretary of the Treasury
on the subject, and he advises the repeal of the
law as expedient. Under these circumstances,
and in view of these facts, I trust the Senate will
allow the bill to be put on its passage at the pres-
ent time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL COURTS OF INQUIRY.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a resolution on the
table, which 1 presume will notgive rise to discus-
sion, which it is deemed highly important should
be passed at this time. It is the joint resolution
No. 4. I ask the consent of the Senate to take it
up and pass it now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, ns
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 4) to extend
the operation of the second section of the act,
approved January 16, 1857, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to piomote the effi-
ciency of the Navy.' "
It provides lliat the operation of the second sec-
tion of the aet. of January 1G, 1857, limiting the
restoration of officers in certain cases, shall bo
extended to April 16, 1858.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, this amendment as a proviso:
Proudcd, That the time within v.'hieh examinations by
coui t-i of inquiry may be made, as piovided by the fe.-t sec-
tion of the saul aet, sliatt not be e.Uearted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment made as m
Committee of the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 should be glad to know
from the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs what the first section of the act of 1857
was.
M r. MALLORY. The honorable Senator from
Texas will see, by an examination of the act, that
its provisions will expire on the 16th of January.
| He will also take cognizance of the fact that nom-
; mations are pending to be confirmed—X suppose
I may go so far as to say that. The committee
desire to prevent the commission of injustice to
any parties, and therefore propose to extend the
provisions of the act in this respect from the lGtli
of January to the 16th of April, which will give
three months further. I presume that time will
not all be occupied. We do not propose, how-
ever, to extend the time for any further examin-
ations by these courts of inquiry.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rose to object to the amend-
ment, because I think the courts should be per-
mitted to remain open, so as to allow officers to
go forward who may have been prevented from
doing so by various causes. I think all the pro-
visions of the act of last year should be extended
so as not to prejudice nny officer who may have
been hitherto prevented from presenting his case.
Many may have refrained from coming forward
because of the want of means. Some relying on
their salaries for the means of subsistence, may
i not have been able to bear the expense of the pro-
: eeeding. Others may have been kept back by
: badhealt.il. I trust that the rights of such officers
will not rcccive any detriment from our action,
and on that ground I should have raised my voice
against the amendment, if I coukl be heard. If
we are to extend any portion of the act, let us
extend it all, m order to allow the President to
convene a court of inquiry in any case where the
parties may have refrained, on account of neces-
sity, and not disinclination, from being applicants
for ths benefits of the law. I think it is right that
all the benefits of the law should be ex.tended, and
that none of the officers should be cut off by a pro-
viso of this kind.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think the resolution
is susceptible of an amendment which I hope the
Senator from Florida -will accept. By continuing
only one section of the act of 1857, the other sec-
tions connected with it may be supposed to.be re-
pealed, or to have expired, and this may produce
some difficulty. I propose, therefore, to strike
out the words " the second section of," so as to
leave the resolution simply to provide that the
act of 1857 shall be extended for the length of
time proposed. The proviso which has been in-
serted, guards against the only consequence that
could possibly result, which the gentleman de-
sires to avoid. I move the amendment which I
have stated.
Mr. MALLORY. I have not time now to
examine the law, but the amendment which the
Senator from Kentucky contemplates, may pos-
sibly revive provisions in the law which the Sen-
ate would not wish to revive.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think if the gentleman
will take a moment to think of it, he will see that
his object will be accomplished by the resolution,
as it will stand, if amended as I propose. The
act being continued as to only one section, may
be embarrassing; but my amendment cannot em-
barrass the object the Senator from Florida has in
view in preventing any further courts of inquiry.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. I am apprehensive that the
amendment, if adopted, may revive provisions in
the act which the Senator himself does not con-
template reviving. I have not had time to ex-
amine that point. If he is satisfied of that, I will
accept the amendment with pleasure. I limited
the extension to the second section alone, because
it was only contemplated for a specified object.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am willing that the
proviso shall stand, and with that standing, I do
not see what objection there can be to the amend-
ment; while the resolution,in its original shape,
may be of an embarrassing character.
Mr. MALLORY. I know that the Senator
from Kentucky has the same object that I have;-
and if he is satisfied, I will accept his amend-
ment.
* The amendment was agreed to.
The jointresolution, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and it was
read a third time, and passed.
The title was amended, so as to read, "A joint
resolution to extend the operation of the aet ap-
proved January 16, 1857, entitled ' An act to
amend an act entitled "An act to promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy.' "
Mr. MASON. I rise to move a reconsideration
of the vote of the Senate, taken yesterday, by
which the amendment of my colleague was adopt-
ed as an amendment to the joint resolution (S.
No. 3) proposed by the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Dams.] I have been induced to do this,
preserving my opinion still on the propriety of
that amendment, but I had not sufficient time to
give it that consideration which I should desire;
and I do it with great pleasure, at the suggestion
of the honorable Senator from Mississippi. I
move to reconsider that vote.
Mr. HALE. We must first reconsider the vote
passing the joint resolution.
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir. I move, first, to re-
consider the vote by which it was passed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment offered by my col-
league was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not aware that the Sen-
ate have agreed to reconsider the bill. Knowing
the object for which it is to be reconsidered, I
think we may as well take the sense of the Sen-
ate on that question as on anything else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate has
agreed to reconsider the vote by which the joint
resolution was passed.
Mr. MASON. I move to reconsider the vote
on the amendment. I do not ask a vote on the
motion to-day unless Senators desire it. At one
o'clock I think there is a special order in execu-
tive session.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that vote will not be
reconsidered. I have heard no argument urged
against it that was not urged yesterday. I know
