2364
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
May 24,
The gentleman says there has been no investi-
gation; that these tilings have been covered up;
that they have been winked at, and permitted to
go by. I do not say that the gentleman from
Maryland intentionally misstates anything; and
I do not want the remarks I make to be under-
stood as casting the slightest imputation upon
the honesty and truthfulness of the gentleman
in any statement he makes of his own knowl-
edge.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I said there was
an investigation on only one side.
Mr. BURNETT. How does the gentleman
know that ? Does he know it himself, or does that
responsible gentleman to whom he has referred
furnish the gentleman with the information?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It appears upon
the face of the matter itself.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman was con-
sulted as counsel by a parcel of these men in re-
gard to those riots, these scenes of violence and
bloodshed that produced the terrible consequences
which he has depicted so well: and he comes
before this House to-day, and tells us what his
impressions were as the facts were detailed to
him by the very outlaws themselves. Such facts
will do for the gentleman to act upon, but they
will not do for me or for the country. When the
gentleman tells me thatthis responsible man tells
him so and so; and when he tells us that his clients
told him so and so; I tell himthat I prefer to take
the testimony of sworn officers of the law; 1 tell
him that when the law requires the marshal of
this District to summon twentv-four discreet, so-
ber men, citizens of the District, householders;
and when the law requires the criminal judge to
charge the grand jury to inquire into a breach
of both the penal and criminal code of this Dis-
trict; and when that grand inquest summons more
than one hundred and twenty witnesses before
them, and when they make an investigation and
present their report under oath to line! the tuith,
the whole truth, and nothing but the truth — I
prefer to take that statement in preference to the
statements of outside gentlemen, although they
may be quite respectable, and though they may
be clients of the gentleman himself.
Now, sir, 1 want to call the attention of the
gentleman to another matter of history. lie says
that the Mayor did nothing in this matter. The
gentleman left out of view the fact that the city
government was under the control of his party.
1 mean that the council was, and could govern
the city. And it is a fact, as I am informed, and
I believe that the record shows it, that that coun-
cil refused to etve the Mayor the aid necessary
to prevent noting, and he had to call upon the
President.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman says that
there was no riot, and that, there were no scenes
of violence at the time that these matines fired.
It was the coueunent testimony of the witnesses
who were called before the grand jury that,, at the
time the marines were marching to the scene
where they wore required for the purpose of pro-
tecting the citizens in their rights, they were not
only stoned, but they were filed upon; that a
cannon, loaded to the muzzle, was drawn within
their view by a gang of rowdies, and carried to
the fourth vvaid polls for the purpose of resisting
them in preserving order. And yet the distin-
guished gentleman fiom Mai ylnnd has endeavored
to make martyrs of the persons who were en-
gaged m these riotous proceedings!
The gentleman from Maryland wound up his
remarks by telling the committee and the country
that we shall always have these scenes of violence
here; that they result properly and legitimately
from the existing state of tilings; and that the
blood of these muidered victims cn< s aloud to
Heaven for vengeance upon their murderers. I
say here, to-day, to this House—and, sir, I am
going- to make a statement that I believe as firmly
as 1 believe in the existence of a God—that the
very oigamzation and formation of such a party
as the Ameiiean party, in the manner in which it
was done, must necessauly result in bloodshed
and murder.
Sir, the very existence of such an organization,
designed to exclude men from office and from the
polls because of the places of their birth and their
re iigious mows; a political organization secret m
its character, held together by oaths, with grips
and sigijy and pass word*, and with an obligation
upon its members to stand by each other in scenes
of danger and violence, must always produce riot
and bloodshed and such scenes as we have wit-
nessed heretofore.
Now, Mr. Chairman, just look and see whether
this position is correct. Look at the history of
the country. Amencanism—and I always see
proper to call parties by the names they prefer—
had its origin in the southern States, in 1854. It
originated in the city of New York prior to that,
but it had its beginning and commencement in the
southern States in 1854.
Mr. HILL. I joined the party in 1844.
Mr. BURNETT. Did the gentleman take the
oaths then ?
Mr. HILL. No; but I would have sworn fidel-
ity to it, so long as it was true to itself. I
Mr. BURNETT. I state a fact of political his- -
tory—that the party was not known in the south- j
ern States as a political organization till 1854. '
My colleague, [Mr. Marshall,] who is one of j
the leaders of the party, knows that it never had ;
any existence in Kentucky until 1854. Now,1!
what was the result5 I want gentlemen to under- \
stand that I am not discussing the fact as to which
party was to blame at the time the riots occurred,
but I desire to show the practical consequences '
of the formation of the party. Prior to 1854, so
far as Kentucky was concerned, wchad had peace |
and quiet. Louisville was noted for its prosper- :
ity, its manufacturing interests, and the flourish- !
mg condition of its trade. We were all proud of
Louisville.
But on the 6th of August, 1855, what was the
character of the scenes which were presented in
that city? Why, the picture drawn here to-day 1
by the gentleman from Maryland was but a small
affair compared with those scenes. The two par- ,
ties met in hostile array, and the streets of that
city, in my own State, were drenched with blood.
Alen were, shot down in the streets and murdered
while making theirescape from their own llaming
dwellings. Men, women, and children were in-
discriminately slaughtered. There was a vener-
able man of the name of Ctuinn, whose head was
white with the frost of many winters, an honest,
industrious, and peaceable man, who had lived in
the city for thirty years; the torch of the incen-
diaiy was applied to his house; and as that poor
old man attempted to make his escape from his
burning dwelling, he was shot down by assassins
near his own threshold. When gentlemen talk
about bloodshed and assassination, 1 ask them if
they do not find it resulting from the very organ-
ization of their own party? j
Mr. Chairman, 1 am sorry I have detained the
committee so long. One word more, and I will
take my seat. How will you prevent these things?
IIow are they to be avoided r It is by the passage
of a law which will protect the ballot-box, and
enable citizens of all parties to exercise their rights
without fear of violence. I think that the passage
of this bill, which, I believe, the Committee for
the Dismct of Columbia reported unanimously,
will eflbct that purpose; and I hope the House
will pass it. In saying this, I am not influenced
by partisan feelings—fori do not know, nor do I
care, what will be its effect upon the approaching
election. Butl do say that, as the Representatives
of the people, having constitutionally the exclu-
sive light to legislate fur this District, it is a duty
incumbent upon us at least to see that law and or-
der prevail here.
Mr GOODE obtained the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me two or three minutes. I do
. not propose to detain the House longer,
j Mr. GOODE. I yield to the gentleman.
I Mr. IIA RRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
| T did not propose, when this bill came before the
j House, to enter into any discussion of it. I do
, not now propose to go into any discission of its
merits. 1 rise for the purpose of replying to a
j statement made by the gentleman from-Kentueky,
I [Mr. Burxctt,] which seemed to be personal to
; myself. I confess that, when the gentleman made
the allusion, which he did, to my contcsted-elec-
; tion case, when he introduced it in the strong
i terms which he did, I thought it manifested a
spirit of unkindness upon the part of the gentle-
! man.
! Mi. BURNETT, I will just say to the gen-
tleman from Maryland that, 30 far as any unkind-
! ness is concerned, he is entirely mistaken. And
now, if the gentleman will permit me, I will tell
him exactly what I did mean.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I acccptthegen-
tleman's disclaimer, but the gentleman made the
allusion which he did to me, and I thought it
necessary to say just this in reply: I do not feel at
liberty, under the peculiar circumstances in which
I am placed, to enter into any kind of discussion
in reference to the facts which may or may not
be elicited in connection with my contested elec-
tion, and 1 have only risen to say that I shall re-
serve what I have to say until the proper time.
Mr. GOOD E. This is not the character of dis-
cussion under which we shall get through with
the business of the District of Columbia. We
have but a very short time set apart to devote to
this business, and I feel it to be my duty, for the
purpose of terminating this debate, to move that
the committee rise for the purpose of going into
the House to offer a resolution for that purpose.
I owe it to the people of this District to take that
course; and 1 therefore move that the committee
rise.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I trust the
gentleman from Virginia will not attempt to limit
this discussion at this paiticular point. I desire
to say something upon this subject, and there are
others who wish to speak. Declarations have
been made by my colleague [Mr. Burnett] in re-
gard to the election riots in Louisville, Kentucky,
in 1855, which ought not to go unanswered.
Mr. GOODE. That is not a pertinent subject
of discussion upon this bill.
Mr. M ARSHALL, of Kentucky. I appeal to
the gentleman, as a matter of justice, not to move
that the committee rise until I have had an oppor-
tunity to respond to some of the statements of my
colleague.
Mr. GOODE. If this discussion goes on it will
take up all the time which has been set apart for
the Distiict of Columbia.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will not
take many minutes—less now than if I have to get
the floor upon some other bill. You will save
time by it
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia to yield the floor to my colleague.
Mr. GOODE. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] says it is his intention to move
a committee of investigation upon the subject of
the election riots in the city of Washington. He
will then have the opportunity to reply to his col-
league.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. This is the
placf to reply. 1 want the reply to go out with
the gentleman's speech.
Mr. GOODE. The gentleman has already
made one speech to go out with the speech of Ins
I colleague.
i Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. In reply to^
the gentleman, 1 will say that I did nor provoke \
this discussion. I am sure that,so faras I am con- \JE
cerned, I have confined myself, in the remarks I W
\ have made, to the merits of the bill under consid-
: cration. I have notgone into this general discus-
! sion. I am opposed to it. But, inasmuch as my
| colleague has brought the Louisville riots into
S this debate, I appeal to the gentleman to allow me
1 to reply. I will be very short.
| Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
j from Virginia to allow my colleague the floor.
i Mr. GOODE. Very well; I will withdraw my
| motion that the committee rise, and will yield the
i floor, temporarily, to the gentleman from Ken-
| tucky.
S Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. As I re-
j marked before, it was not my purpose, certainly,
! in making the proposition to limit the right of
j suffrage to citizens of the United States m the mu-
] nicipal elections of the District of Columbia, to
| open the wide field of debate which has been oc-
; cupied by other gentlemen.
| Nor do I think that it was at all necessary to
! the elucidation of any argument which has been
I adduced by my colleague, to travel, for lliustra-
j tion, to the constituency which he and I represent,
1 and to the scenes which occurred in Louisvile, ui
j 1855. He has drawn upon them as matters which
j he thinks are neccssary incidents to the progress
j of Americanism.
! So fai as the riots in the city of Louisville are
' concerned, I do not feel that, in this place or in
! any other, it is necessary for me to make any
; further remark than to say that a resolution was
