1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Nationality of the Democratic Party—Mr. Ward.
Ho. of Reps.
members of the Legislature, and the leading men
of the party present an unbroken frontin support
of the Administration, and exhibit a unity of ac-
tion that has not been witnessed in our State for
many years upon a prominent public question.
In addition to this concentration of public opin-
ion, I have not been insensible to other influences.
The city of JNTew York is the largest commercial
city in the Union. In l'S5G-57, five eighths of the
total imports into the United States were imported
into that city; one third of the exports, one third
of the domestic produce, and over one half of the
foreign produce, were exported therefrom; and
there were collected at the custom-house there
within the same time forty-three and a half mil-
lion dollars upon dutiable imports; its banking
capital, exclusive of that of private bankers, in
1857, amounted to sixty-five and a half millions,
and besides has millions invested in other corpo-
rations, and in domestic manufacture and trade.
These, too, are but a part of the vast interests
that center there. These sources of wealth, pow-
er, and greatness, cannot but suffer by the con-
tinued agitation of this Kansas question, ending
as it may in disturbing the harmony of the Union,
without resulting in any practical good to the per-
sons the slavery agitators desire to benefit. It is
not to be denied that we are a commercial people,
and thai to commerce we are indebted for our ad-
vancement, growth, and prosperity as a nation.
The majestic vessels which carry our products to
other climes, penetrating every sea-port, bear with
them civilization, and instruct other nations that
a power here exists that cannot be disregarded.
The commercial prosperity of my city, the whole
country, the onward progress of commerce, and
the agricultural and the other departments of in-
dustry, I believe, are involved in the public ques-
tions which from time to time agitate the country.
Impressed with the value and importance of the
Union to my constituents, I find reasons m addi-
tion to party considerations for puisuing a course
best calculated to end the present agitation, and
restore once more amity and good feeling. No
one who has observed closely the events in Kan-
sas for the last few years can fail to trace to its
proper source the presell texcitcment, and perceive
the urgent necessity of investing the people of
that Territory with the rights of sovereignty, so
that they may exercise the function of a Stategov-
ernment, and relieve Congress from further inter-
ference. No analogy can be made between the
giievances of the American colonies prior to the
Revolution, as attempted by my colleague, [Mr.
Haskim,] and the alleged complaints of a p;>rt of
the people in Kansas. In the former case, Great
Britain persisted in controlling local affairs; and
in the latter, Congress desires, m the most speedy
way, to confer all power upon the citizens of that
Territory to manage their own affairs m their
own way, subject to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. Chairman, from the course the debate has
taken, an apprehension would prevail with those
not cognizant of the facts that a foul and deep
wrong was about to be perpetiated upon the peo-
ple of Kansas; that the provisions of the Kansas-
Nebraska act were to be violated, and the plat-
form adopted at the Cincinnati convention relating
to the question of slavery ignored. To demonstrate
that this is mere clamor, it is proper that I should
briefly refer to a few antecedent events. The act
referred to, passed in 1854, has this provision:
"When admitted asa State, the said Territory, or any
portion ol the *ame, shall bo received into the Union with
or without slaveiy, as their con>titutio:i may pn'iciibeat I
ttie time of their admi-Mon; it being the true intent and
meaning of this act not to legi-datc slaveiy into any State or !
Territory, nor to exclude it therehom, but to leave the peo-
ple thereof perfectly ftee to fotm and legulate then domes-
tic institutions in their own way. subject only to the Con-
stitution of the United States." '
The territorial government of Kansas was or-
ganized under the act,containing this section. The
resolutions of tlxo Cincinnati convention, relating
to slavery and territorial organization, were as
follows:
" And that we may more di^ttnctly meet the issue on
which a sectional party, subsisting exclusively ou slaveiy
agitation, now to tc, t the fidelity of the people North
and South, to the Consntuho.i and the Union—
"1. Resolved, Tint chiming fellowship with, and desiring
the couperation of, a!] who regard the preservation of the
Union undet the Constitution as the paramount is.-ue—and
repudiating all sectional pames and platforms concerning
domestic slavery, which seek to embroil the States and in-
cite to treason and armed resistance to law in the Territo-
ries; and whose avowed purposes, if consummated, must
end m civil war and disunion—the American Democracy
recognize and adopt the principles contained in the organic
laws establishing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska,
embodying the only sound and safe solution of the slavery
question upon which the great national idea of the people
ot this whole country can repose in its determined con-
servatism of the Union—non-interfgrenoe by Congress
with slavery in state and territory, or in the dis-
trict op Columbi v.
" 2. That this was the basis of the compromises of 1850,
confirmed by both the Democratic and Whig parties in
national conventions,, latified by the people in the election
of 18a2, and rightly applied to the organization of Territo-
ries in 185-1.
aS. That by the uniform application of this Democratic
puncipletothe oiganization of Tenitories, and to the ad-
mission of new States, with or without domestic slavery,
as they may elect, the equal lights of all the States will be
presetved intact, the original compacts of the Constitution
maintained inviolate, and the perpetuity and expansion of
this Union insuicd to its utmost capacity of embtacmg, in
peace and harmony, every future Ameucan State that may
be constituted or annexed with a republican form of gov-
ernment.
" Resolved, That we recognize the light of the people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and fan ly e\pressed will of a majority
of actual residents, and whfnevet the number of their in-
habitants justifies it, to foi m a constitution, with 01 without
domestic slavery, and be admitted ntto the Union upon
tctms of peifect equality with the other States."
It will be observed that neither the act nor res-
olution contemplated that the constitution of Kan-
sas should be submitted to the people. They in-
tended, unquestionably, the people should have
the power to "regulate their domestic institu-
tions," but whether through a submission or a
convention was left undcteimincd. A sentiment
and feeling, however, grew up during the canvass
that the slavery clause should be submitted, and
was acquiesced in, which would have been a full
compliance with the act and the platform, leaving
the constitution otherwise to be formed in such
manner as the people judged best. 1 did not men-
tion these facts as approbatory of non-submis-
sion, for I should have prefeued the whole con-
stitution had been voted upon. But whether that
could or could not have been done, rested with
the people and the convention; such has boon the
uniform practice, I believe, relating to the terri-
torial action for the admission of new States, ex-
cept when controlled by legislative action. I men-
tion this because my colleague [Mr. Haskin] has
sought to create the impression that the question
of submission of the whole constitution entered
into the last presidential campaign as a distinct
issue. Whatever individuals may have done, I
assert that it was not then made a part of the
j Democratic croed. In confirmation of this posi-
j tion t cite the following passage from the address
j of acting-Governor Stanton, under date of April
I 17, 1857:
J The government especially recognizee the tetntonalact
, which piovides tor assembling a convention to loim a con-
i solution wuh a view to making application to (Jongiess for
1 admission as a State into the Union. That act is t(-carded
i a-, piesetiting the only test of the qualification of votVis lor
| delegates to the convention, and all piecedtng repugnant i
; lftstnctions aie thereby repealed, fn tin-, hgbtthe actmu-t '
. be allowed to have piovided lor a full and fan e\picssionof
, the will of the people, through the delegates who ma> be
cho>en to icpiL'Mjnt them in the i on^t national <. on volition.
I do not doubt, buwevet. that, in order to avoid all pieiext
for rsNi-taure to the peaceful opeiation of this law,Me con-
vention Uielj willy i?i some form, piovide jor submitting the
great dutracti/1% qua/ion / e/ardm^ their social institution,
which has so long agitated the people of Kansas, to a fair
vole of all the actual bona fide residents of the Teiritorv,
with eveiy possible steurilv against fiaud and violence. If
the constitution be thus, named, and the question of differ- 1
ente thus submitted to Ike decision of the people, 1 believe
that Kansas will be admitted by Congie-s without delay as
uiu: of tlie .•>ovorr,'';n States of die Ameiiean Unnm. and tne
teriuonal authorities will be immediately withdrawn."
This question of submissionhas recently ausen,
and has been seized upon since the commence-
ment of this Congress, and made the basis for
assailing the President of the United States for an
honest and patriotic discharge of his high duties.
The President, in his instructions to Governor
Walker, neither intended nor expected that any
other question than that of slavery was to be sub-
mitted. In Ids message transmitting the Lecomp-
ton constitution to Congress, he says:
No person thought of any uihpt <jue^tion. Foi my own
part, when I instructed Gnveinni Walker, in geneial teims, ;
m favoi of submitting the con-tituhon to the people. I had '
no object in \ icw except the all absoihmg question of Ma- j
very, latitat manner the pi oplc of Knoj-nj mj-'ht icgu- !
late then otliei concern?, was not a subject which attracted j
my attention, hi fact, the general piovi->ions of our recent '
State constitutions, after an experience of eighty years, are
so similar and so excellent that it would be difficult to go
far wrong at the presentdayin framing a new constitution.
I then believed, and still believe, that, under the organic
act, the Kansas convention wore bound to submit this all-
important question of slavery to the people. It was never,
however, my opinion that, independently of this act, they
would have been bound to submit any portion of the con-
stitution to a popular vote, in oider to give it validity. Had
I enret tamed such an opinion, this would have been in op-
position to many precedents in our history, commencing m
the very best age of the Republic. It would have been in
opposition to the principle which pervades our institutions,
and which is every day carried out into practice, that the
people have the right to delegate to representatives, chosen
by themselves, their sovereign power to frame constitutions,
enact laws, and perfoim many other important acts, with-
out requiting that these should be subjected to their subse-
quent approbation. It would be a-most inconvenient lim-
itation of their own power, imposed by the people upon
themselves, to exclude them from cxercismg their sover-
eignty in any lawful manner they think proper. It is true
that the people of Kansas might, if they had pleased, have
requited the convention to submit the constitution to a pop-
ular vote; but this they have not done. The only remedy,
therefore, in this ease, is that which exists in all other sim-
ilar cases. If the delegates who framed the Kansas con-
stitution have in any manner violated the will of their con-
stituents, the people always po>w-* the power to change
their constitution or their laws, according to their own
pleasure."
The alleged grievance of the Republicans in
Kansas, arising out of the non-subnussion, is not
of such a character as would authorize us to re-
ject the admission of Kansas as a State under the
Lccompton constitution. They had an opportu-
nity to vote for delegates to form the constitution,
also, when that instrument was submitted with
slavery or without slavery, and they refused to
exercise the right. Butit is urged thatthe^ could
not vote for or against slavery without voting for
the constitution. Admitting this, I would ask who
is to blame? Surely those who abstained from
exercising the right of popular sovereignty when
the delegates were elccted to the constitutional
, convention. Heie is a willful determination, and
repcatf d, not to take part in any proceeding which
recognized the Territorial Legislature; and which
omission, in my judgment, stops them from any
claim upon, or right to, our sympathies. Gov-
ernor Walker, m referring to the selection of del-
egates, distinctly warns them what would be the
consequences if they should not participate in the
election. He says:
" The people of Kansas, then, are invited by the highest
«iuthot it known to the Constitution to participate fieely and
burly m the elceUon of delegates to fiame a constitution and
Htato government. The law has perfotmed its entire ap-
ptopt late (unction when it extends to the people thcughtof
sufhage, but it cannot compel the performance of thatduty.
Thionghout om whole Union, however, and wherever iree
government picyaiU, those who abstain horn the exeieiseof
the M ht of sulfiage authou/.e tho*o who do vote to act for
them in the contingency, and the absentees aieas much
bound under the law and constitution, where tbcieis no
fiaud oi violence, by the act of the majonty ot those who do
vote, aif all had paiticipated in the election. Otherwise,
as voting mu>t be voluntary, self-government would be un-
piacttcable, and monaichy or despotism would remain as
the only alternative."
This is the true doctiine, and I have never
heard it questioned. I firmly believe that, judg-
ing by the past acts of the Republicans of that
Territoryif this constitution is sent back the
same obstinacy and difficulty will exist. It was
their deliberate intention that the constitution
should be presented herewith slavery to keep up
that excitement, and to further aid and abet those
who seek to break down the Democratic party,
and this honorable body will fail to assert its
lights and protect its dignity in permitting its at-
tention longer to be occupied with this subject and
these local contentions.
The motives and acts of the Republicans have
been such as cannot be recognized without over-
tmmngall government, law,and order. The evi-
dence is unquestioned and overwhelming, that
they have been in a state of rebellion to the gov-
ernment since the meeting was convened on the
14th or 15th August, 1855, which resulted in the
convention, held September 19th of that year,
which framed the Topeka constitution, to be put
in operation in subversion of the territori.il gov-
ernment established under the authority of Con-
gress. The organization under that instrument,
the assembly of its "Legislature, its acts;, the pre-
sentation ot that constitution to Congress, the pas-
sage of the bill admitting Kansas a State under it
by the Republican members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and its rejection by the Senate, the
creation of armed forces in Kansas to sustain this
