1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1348
and of Judas Iscariot asnecessaryagenciesinthat
great redemption.
So I will denounce no man who has fought
against freedom m Kansas, as entirely useless in
the grand result. But what a team to draw the
chariot of freedom ! Atchison and Stringfellow
and John Calhoun, with the two successors of
Millard Fillmore to lift at the wheels.
(•Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORE obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. STEPHENS,of Georgia. Mr. Chairman,
I announce, for the information of both sides of
the House, that, onThursday next atone o'clock,
I shall move to take up the bill for the admission
of Kansas.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is this the agreement
of all parties ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. AH that could
be consulted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Has it been agreed
to by both sides ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
from Ohio can answer that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I believe the arrangement
is as generally understood and agreed to as any
arrangement could be under the circumstances.
It is, that this debate shall be continued in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
that there shall be night sessions, if necessary,
for that purpose; and that, on Thursday next, at
one o'clock, the Senate bill for the admission of
Kansas into the Union, shall be taken from the
Speaker's table and voted on under the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. And without
any dilatory motions.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Who does the gentleman from
Ohio speak for ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am not authorized to
speak for my side of the House, but it is gener-
ally understood by those with whom I have con-
sulted that this arrangement is mutually accept-
able.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Our understanding of
the matter was this: on Monday the bill was to
be taken up and it was to be subject to discussion
and amendment until Thursday at one o'clock,
when the vote was to be taken.
Mi. GROW. I suppose that this statement
mustbe made byunanimous consent, to be of any
force. I have no objection to gentlemen indica-
ting that at such a time they will ask for a vote
on this question—that is as far as gentlemen can
go. I object to any time being fixed when we are
to comc to a vote, and the mode fixed in which the
vote is to be taken.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The question must be ta-
ken on Monday, and if then there is not a two-
thirds vote in favor of the proposition to take up
the bill, then it will fall.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania says, is right. What
I want is, that no motion shall be made until the
time I have stated—next Thursday at one o'clock.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is understood, and gen-
tlemen will admit the fact, that this arrangement
is notobligatory upon either side, unless on Mon-
day next a resolution shall pass the House to
that effect by a two-thirds vote. So that gentle-
men need not be alarmed, as no advantage will
be taken of either side.
Mr. CURTIS. We are not alarmed, and we
do not intend to be. There has been no general
consultation on this side of the House, and we
are not ready to decide on a matter of such im-
portance until there has been a consultation. I
Slave no objection myself to taking this matter up
on Thursday.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. All I have done
is to give notice that the biii will be taken up on
Thursday next, in order that gentlemen who may
wish to go home between now and ihen may
know that no motion will be made on the subject
before that day. That is all.
Mr. CAMPBELL. All I desire to say is, that
on conference with as many gentlemen as I could
see, this arrangement was agreed to.
Mr. QUITMAN. I, for one, may desire to
offer an amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The arrange-
ment does not prccludc amendments.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 confess, sir, that I do not
quite understand this arrangement. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania and the gentleman from
Ohio seem to think that it will require a two-thirds
vote on next Monday to fix next Thursday as the
time at which this vote is to be taken. The Gen-
tleman from Georgia says that gentlemen may go
home if they choose, and be here next Thursday.
There are, therefore, two statements, and 1 do
not quite understand which one is right, lhave
not been consulted, and I did not care to be. I
only desire to be here when the vote is to be taken.
I want to know, therefore, what these high con-
tracting parties have agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I understand that on
! Monday next this bill is to be taken up m the
| House, and that the discussion is to go on until
Thursday, when a final vote is to be Taken. My
friend from Pennsylvania so understands; and
this point I wish made certain.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir; there is a differ-
ence of statement between the gentleman from
Georgia and the gentleman from Ohio. Let us
know exactly what the arrangement is?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is nothing
but this: that on Thursday next, at one o'clock,
I shall move tu take the Kansas Lull fiom the
Speaker's table.
Mr, FLORENCE. And nothing is to bedone
before that ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Oreorgia. And nothing
before that. No motion is to be made in refer-
ence to it but that it will be taken up then by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. GROW. There is no consent about any-
thing.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague will consent
to nothing where his objection will prevent it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. If I understand it,
discussion is to go on in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of thf> Union until Thursday.
Then the gentleman will move to take up this
bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the House
chooses to go into committee, that is their privi-
lege. I only announce that, on next Thursday,
atoneo'clock, and not before—and the other side
will not make a motion before—i shall move to
take up the Kansas bill from the Speaker's table.
It is my desire that the House should go into com-
mittee and discuss this question every day be-
tween now and then
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. There is no objec- _
tion to that, so far as I am concerned, and those ;
with whom I act. I
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Is that bill to be taken !
up for the purpose of discussion, or is it at that
time to be attempted to put it on its passage'
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is to be under
the operation of the rules of the House. My in-
tention is to call for the previous question. Then
it is under the control of the majority whether the
call shall be seconded or not if a majority be so
disposed, they can vote down the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. What I wanted to
understand was whether the previous question
would then be called.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The process is very simple,
and ought to be readily understood by memheis.
This discussion v/iil probably go on in Commit-
tee of the Whole until Thursday next. At one
o'clock on that duy, the gentleman from Georgia,
under the rules, will propose to take the Senate
bill from the Speaker's table. He may move to
commit it to the committee of which ho is chair-
man, and demand the previous question. It that 1
be voted down, the bill will be open for amend-
ment, and for discussion at the pleasure of the ■
Liouse. Wc all understand that the opponents of ,
the bill, or those who wish to amend u. can vote
down the gentleman's pi ©position, should he make ,
such a one. The bill will (hen be open foramend- ■
merit, and the previous question can be called after 1
amendments have been introduced. 1 he thing is
very p!am. There is no aUempt, I think^on the
part of the gentleman from Georgia, and (here is 1
certainly none on mv part, or on the part of those
i represent, to take advantage either of those with
whom I act or of those whom I expect to oppose
throughout this whole fight.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I desire to say one
word.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the regular order ;
of business. We have had enough ot this. i
The CHAIRMAN. This debate has only been
permitted by courtesy, and cannot continue, as
objection is made. The gentleman from Alabama
is entitled to the floor, and will proceed,
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, the message of
the President, the reports of the committees of the
two Houses, and the many able speeches which
have been already made in favor oi' the admission
of Kansas, have fully exhausted the subject, and
swept away all the flimsy pretexts and excuses
of those who oppose that measure.
Some have the candor to admit, what all know
to be true, that if her constitution did not tolerate
domestic slavery, no serious opposition would
have been made to her admission. Those who ad-
vocated the adoption of the Topeka constitution,
as the Black Republicans all did, cannot, without
the grossest hypocrisy, pretend to have serious
scruples on account of any irregularities in this of
Lecompton. I should not, at this late period, have
engaged in the discussion of this question,import-
ant as I regard its decision, but for the allusions
which have been repeatedly made to Alabama,
and more especially in the speech of the honor-
able gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.FARNSWOR.TH,]
the other day, who, not satisfied with indulging in
the tirade against the institution of slavery, which
has been heard from day to day from that side of
the Chamber,sawfit to single out Alabama, and,
with a view to disparage her people, instituted a
comparison between that State and his own.
First, he says, Alabama has not increased as
rapidly as Illinois in population. Isnotthateasily
explained? The census returns show that Illi-
nois had,in 1850, of her then population, 111,860
foreigners, while Alabama had but 7,498. The
former being in close proximity to the old and
densely populated States of the North, would also
account in part for this.
Next, as to the number of children at school:
he says, in Alabama there are 62,846 pupils and
students at school; while in Illinois there were, at
the same time, 182,292. Out of about 190,000
white persons between five and twenty years of
age, Alabama had, in fact, 100,000 at school;
while in Illinois there were 350,000 white persons
between five and twenty, and of these only 140,000
at school. But the gentleman, very adroitly,
dropped the comparison between Alabama and
Illinois v/hen he came to speak of the number of
persons over twenty-one years who could not read
or write, and then contrasts Alabama with Mas-
sachusetts. I prefer to continue the comparison
.which he commenced with Illinois. In 1850,
there were in Alabama33,757 persons over twenty-
one who could not read or write, while in Illinois
there were 40,000. In Illinois there were 978,855
acres of public land appropriated for educational
purposes, while in Alabama there were 902,775;
and the lands of Illinois, it is well known, were
far richer. Alabama had, in 1850,1,375 churches,
while Illinois had but 1,223
The gentleman from Illinois sneeringly com-
ments upon these results of the census as to the
education of the masses in Alabama, and asserts
that there are multitudes in all the slaveholding
States who " cannot even read their ballots, nor
sign their names to a poll-book." Does he not
know that a large portion of the population of
many of the States, at the period of our Revolu-
tion, were unlettered men ? And yet what nobler
examples of heroism and intelligent appreciation
of popular rights has history anywhere afforded
| us? Was Rome much indebted to the literary
| cultivation of her masses for the sturdy virtues
! and practical wisdom which secured to her, forso
J many ages, the conquest and government of the
| world? Many, even, of the feudal barons who
i wrested the gieat chdiier from King John, made
• their marks, being unable to append their signa-
j tures.
The gentleman ventures these sneers against
the hardy yeomanry of the South, with whom it
is at other times the favorite policy of his party to
claim an affiliation against whatthey calf the slave-
! holding aristocracy of the South. The scorn with
j which the masses of the South have ever rejected
! these insidious appeals is a sufficient proof of the
j intelligent and unselfish patriotism of those free
: and independent citizens. If they were denied
j the advantages of early education, by living in a
' n.-w and sparsely-nettled country,as many were,
j or by other causes, this comparative want of edu-
I cation and of book-learning is not to be regretted
