•303
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 81,
85th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Oroesbeck.
Ho. of Reps.
undermine, for temporary, or party ends, the con-
fidence of the people in the departments of their
government.
It is now admitted on all sides that the known
and expressed will of the people of Kansas is
against the constitution we propose to vitalize. I
will inquire hereafter whether this will of the peo-
fle. has been legally and fairly expressed. What
Bow claim is, that there is not a man in this
House •who doubts it. Therefore it is, Mr. Chair-
man, that from day to day, and constantly, our
attention has been called to measures of relief for
the people of Kansas against the imposition of this
constitution upon them. It seems to strike many
who will vote for it, that it would bo wrong that
the people should be compelled to live under it.
And Representatives on this floor, from the North
especially, have from day to day pressed upon us
the proposition, that the people of Kansas will
have the right without delay, and as soon as they
are introduced into the Union as a State, to change
this constitution, or make a new one in accord-
ance with their will.
This has become a serious and important ques-
tion; votes seem to be hanging upon it. Let us
examine it. Before proceeding to its examination,
allow me to refer to the clause, so often referred to,
of the bill which has been passed in the Senate,
in order that we may have no misapprehension in
regard to its meaning. It is as follows:
" And nothing in this act shall be construed to abridge or
infringe any right of the people asserted in the constitution
of Kansas at all times to alter, reform, or abolish tlieirform
of government in such manner as they may think proper—
Congress hereby disclaiming any authority to inteivene or
declare the construction of the constitution of any Slate,
except to see that it be republican in form, and not m con-
flict with the Constitution of the United States."
I will notdwell upon the closing part of this ex-
tract,because it does not lie within the line of my
argument, nor will I pause to construe its mean-
ing. ButI say this of the entire clatiso, and I chal-
lenge all dissent, that there is nothing in it that con-
fers on the people of Kansas, should it be made a
State, one particle of authority that they have not
under the constitution itself. There is no gen-
tleman on this floor, no Democrat, who intends
to advocate the passage of this hill, who will rise
in his seat and intimate that this bill confers on
the people of Kansas the slightest additional power
over their constitution. Is theie any one here who
will so claim ? No one. I pass it, then, and come
to the constitution itself, to ascertain whether, ac-
cording to the fair construction of it, the people
have any such power.
Mr. Chairman, where a constitution is silent
upon the subject of alteration, I take it to be the
law of such a'constitution that the people can alter
it whenever they see fit. That is so with your
own. It is so in the case of any legal association.
Take a partnership, for instance. If we who are
here should cmbarlc in a partnership to carry on
any particular enterprise, and say nothing in the
articles of copartnership about the time during
which it should continue, any one of us could
legally terminate it whenever ho saw fit. 11', how-
ever, the articles provided a given time during
which it should continue, or if they provided,in
the very language of this constitution, that atany
time after the year 1864 it might be terminated,
those who were thus associated might put an end
to the association whenever they saw fit after that
time, but not before. We woulu be legally bound
to hold together according to that limitation; and
it could not without violence, without a breach of
the law of the association, be terminated sooner.
Now, what says this constitution:
"Sec. 14. After the year whenever the Legislature
shall think it necessary to amend, alter, or change this con-
stitution, they shall recommend to the electors at the next
general election, two tlnrd^of the members of each House
concurring, to vote for or against calling a convention, and
if it shall appear that a majority of all citizens oi the Jrtate
have voted for a convention, "the Legit-latuie shall at it*
next regular session call a convention, to consist of as many
members as there may be in the House of Representatives
at the tune, to be chosen m the same manner, at the same
places, and by the same electors thatcboose the Represent-
atives; said delegates so elected shall meet within three
months after said election, for the purpose of revising,
amending, or changing the constitution, but no alteration
shall be made to affect the rights of property m the owner-
ship of slaves."
Whenever, at whatever time, but after 1864,
two thirds of the Legislature shall think it ne-
cessary to amend, &c., they shall recommend to
the electors to vote for a convention, &c. No one
doubts what was the meaning of the convention
in framing this section; and is there any room
to doubt the plain construction of the' language?
They may call a convention for the purpose of al-
tering the constitution—when and how? When-
ever, after 1864, two thirds of the Legislature
shall pass alaw for that purpose. This constitu-
tion is intended to keep Kansas as she is, in any
event, until the time named, and to continue till
that time, that the experiment may be fairly tested
as to its fitness, as a constitution, for that people.
It is intended to hold them according to its pro-
visions, in order to give those provisions a fair
test; and if, at the expiration of the time, (the
year 18C4,) the people shall find that it has not
worked well, then, and not before, they may pro-
ceed to call a convention to alter or change it.
Why, Mr. Chairman, this section is copied al-
most word for word and line for line from a sec-
tion of the first constitution of my own State, lim-
iting my people in this respect, and providing that
after the year 1806, (that is the way it begins,)
whenever the Legislature, by a two-thirds vote,
shall pass a law for that purpose, they may call
a convention. I give the section from the consti-
tution of Ohio adopted in 1502, and invite atten-
tion to it:
" Art. 7, See. 5. After the year 1806, whenever two thirds
of the General Assembly shall think it necessary to amend
or change this constitution, they shall rccormnend to the
electors, at the next election fot membei.i of the General
Assembly, to vote lor or :i«airi^t a convention; and, if it
hhall appear that a majority of the citizens of the State,
voting tor Representatives, have voted for a convention, the
General Af-sombly shall, at their next season, call a con-
vention, to consist of as many membei>as there may be in
the General Assembly, to be chosen in the same manner,
at the same places, and by the same electors that choose
the General Assembly, who shall meet within three months
after the said election, for the purpose of levising, amend-
ing, or changing the constitution. But noalteiation of this
constitution shall ever take place, so as to introduce sla-
very oi involuntary servitude into this State."
Many of the State constitutions have similar
provisions. They are not uncommon. And I
take it upon myself to say, without pausing to
enter upon a nice criticism of this language, that
there is no room to doubt the meaning of tne con-
vention, the plain meaning of the language, and
the fair construction of the section quoted from
the Lecompton constitution. The fitness and con-
stitutionality of such provisions 1 wilt lefer to
hereafter.
Hut, say gentlemen, there is something more in
this constitution upon this subject, and we arc re-
ferred to a section which is to be found in the
bill of rights in these words:
"Alt political power id inherent in the people, and all
free irovornmouts arc loundcd on then authouty, ami insti-
tuted for then benefit; and, therefore, they have at all times
an inalienable and indefeasible light to filter, refotm,or
abolish then form of government m such manner as they
ni.ty think pioper."
Whence came this doctrine ? We have been
directed and canied to its proper source, by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phillips,]
though he greatly misapprehended its meaning.
I will tell you where we will find it; and when we
have found it, we will, at a glance, see its true
meaning. I go to our Declaration of Independ-
ence and read as follows:
" That ail men ate created equal; that they are endowed
by thctr Creatoi with certain inalienable nqhts; that among
these are life, hbetty, and the pursuit of happiness. That
to securethc.se rights, governments aie instituted among
meiijdeiivmg their just powers itom the consent of the gov-
erned ; that whcnevei any fomi uf government becomes de-
structive of these end^, if is the right of the people to alter
or abolish it, and to institute a new government, laying its
foundations on such principles, and organizing its powers
in such form, a-? to them shall ocein most likely to cliect
their safety and happiness." |
Here it is; the great declaration of the right of i
the people to alter, reform, or abolish their gov- j
ernment. Made when ? On the 4th of July, 1776. j
Made how ? The sword of revolution leaped from ;
its scabbard in the act of making it, and our j
fathers pledged to each other their lives, their for- j
tunes, and their sacred honor, for its maintenance, j
This is no mere legal or constitutional right to j
change or reform government. It is the sacred, j
inalienable, ultimate right of revolution. It is i
above and beyond constitutions; it scorns law; it I
does its work with armies and not. in conventions, j
It speaks with cannon and not with the ballot; it j
writes its constitutions not with ink, but, if need I
bo, with Mood. It plunged our ancestors into a ;
seven-years'war; it was a part of their very dec-
laration of war, and under it they proceeded, not
legally to change the Government then over them,
but, as enemies, to overthrow and to crush it.
Thus it is you alter, reform, or abolish govern-
ments under this right. And if you wil examine
the State constitutions from Maine to California,
you will find this same doctrine, of the right of
revolution, asserted in their bills of rights. It
means in the State constitutions just what it nteans
in the Declaration of Independence, whence it was
taken.
Look into these State constitutions. In the
early ones, you will find this doctrine asserted in
almost the identical language of the Declaration
of Independence; and they have modified it from
year to year, and in convention after convention,
not wishing to appear as mere copyists of each
other, until we now find it in the language in which
it is contained in the Lecompton constitution.
Do you call this a mere legal right, a right under
and by authority of the constitution ? Why, Mr.
Chairman, what says this constitution in refer-
ence to it? In its own language it declares that
this great ultimate right of sovereignty is notcon-
fided to the government of the State of Kansas, in
case it shall become a State under the Lecompton
constitution. By express provision of the con-
stitution itself, this power—this right of revolu-
tion—is excepted from the general powers of the
government. Itis not confided to the executive;
it is not confided to the judiciary; it is not con-
fided to the legislative department. I read from
the Lecompton constitution:
" And to guard against any encroachment on the rights
herein (that is, in the bill of rights) retained, &e., we declaie
that everything in this article excepted out of the gencial
powers of government and shall l'orcver remain inviolate,"
See.
How, then, can it be claimed that this right of
change, thus " excepted," is a right held under
and by authority of the constitution. It is abovo
it and independent of it.
Mr. Chairman, it will be found upon an exam-
ination of the American State constitutions, that
of the thirty-one, about twenty-eight of them con-
tain just such a declaration as this. You will
always find it carefully put away, not under tho
power of amendment, notin that part of the con-
stitution which provides expressly for its altera-
tion and reform in a constitutional way, but in a
different place; not under the article for amend-
ments but among those rights which are declared
to be inalienable—that is, in the bill of rights it-
self.
What then can this Legislature do ? They are
sworn to administer the provisions of this consti-
tution. They are sworn to exercise only those
powers which have been confided to them, not
those excepted. They can do nothing else. If
they proceed contrary to this fourteenth section
of the schedule, which is a part of the constitu-
tion and treats expressly of the power and modo
of amendment, they proceed unconstitutionally.
To proceed contrary to a constitution, is plainly
unconstitutional. A constitution is the supremo
law, which they must observe, and if they depart
from it, they act illegally. The constitution is the
supreme law for all.
It is said, Mr. Chairman, that the people can-
not bind themselves in this way. We have heard
that one generation cannot bind another.s I do .
not care to discuss that proposition; I donotcare
to argue the proposition whether the living can
legally bind the dead. I may grant that they can-
not. That is not the question. The question is,
can the living bind themselves. Tho question I
have to consider in reference to this provision is,
whether you, and I, and all of us, have tho right
to bind ourselves for the brief period of six years,
from 1858 to 1864? What are we? Sovereigns
—essential parts of the sovereignty of this Gov-
ernment, wearing sovereignty, as it were, upon
our shoulders. There is no power above us, and
no power to control us. Where is the power
above me, which says I cannot bind myself? If
there be, sovereignty is there, and not in me. Do
you tell me, sir, I cannot bind myself for six
years? I am no freeman if I cannot. You treat
me as if I were an infant, as if I were a lunatie.,
as if I were an imbecile. You put me under
guardianship. To whom ? I can go into a part-
nership, and bind myself for six years to carry
