258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
rated in his recent message the idea which I in-
tended to convey:
" It would be far better, and more in accordance with the
bold and manly spirit of our countrymcn, for the Govern-
ment itself to eet up such expeditions, than to allow them
to proceed under the command of irresponsible adventurers.
We could then, ax least, exercise some control over our own
agents, and prevent them from burning down cities, and
committing other acts of enormity of which we have read."
My jocose and figurative expression was in its
fair application understood by the House, when
it was made, and it excited, as it was calculated
to do, a laugh.
I did not at the time entertain the belief that
any gentleman on this floor seriously thought
that I proposed favoring grand larceny, in a literal
sense. This supposition could not have been
fairly entertained, because larceny is the stealing
of personal property—it is a crime defined and
punished by the local laws of the States; and it
could not, legitimately, be made referable to the
national conquest of the Island of Cuba, or Cen-
tral America.
If any felonious habits can be fairly imputed
to any political party in this country, surely they
may be attributed to that one which has hitherto
aided and abetted and gloried in the appropriation
of their neighbors' goods, and out of which it
has made much of its ephemeral capital. They
call themselves the Republican party—of which
the gentleman from Massachusetts, who stands
forth as my accuser, is a representative and a
shining light.
Sir, the records of this House, and especially
the very able report of the chairman of the corrup-
tion committee of the last session—our present
impartial and distinguished Speaker—prove that
the party of the gentleman from Massachusetts is
the "grand larceny" party of the country. I
admit, Mr. Chairman, that the crime is a " mean
one"—that it is " contemptible,"and I reprobate
and condemn it. I hope that the members of the
Republican party in the present House will do as
much to stop plundering as some of their repre-
sentative men 111 the last House did to promote it.
I have thus briefly replied to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, and, in so doing, have sought to
put myself " right on the record "for the satisfac-
tion of my friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Adrain,]
whose criticism in his speech, on Thursday last,
upon my use of the words, " national grand lar-
ceny," t am glad to know was intended to afford
me the opportunity to make this brief explanation.
Wo explanation would have been necessary if my
remark had not been perverted from its jocular
and figurative sense.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman from Al-
abama allow me one moment to reply to the gen-
tleman from New York?
Mr. MOORE. I must decline to yield the floor
any further.
In the discharge of our legislative duties, we
have had suddenly sprung upon us, growing out
of recent occurrences, questions of the gravest
importance. They, sir, involve great principles
of law, not only of international, but of consti-
tutional as well as municipal law. Called, as we
are, to review the conduct of a distinguished of-
ficer of the American Navy, and 111 some manner,
I confess, to pass in review and sit in judgment
upon the conduct of the executive department of
the Government, it becomes us to lay aside all pas-
sion, all prejudice, and, above all, any party bias.
I listened with pleasure, Mr. Chairman, to the
able remarks made by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Groesbeck,] on yesterday; but find myself
constrained to dissent from most of the legal opin-
ions announced by him as to the proper construc-
tion of the neutrality laws of 1818, and the power
of the President to employ the land and naval
force to enforce them beyond the jurisdiction of
the United States. I shall, therefore, in the course
of my remarks, endeavor to answer some of the
arguments offered by him, and present, in addi-
tion, such views as the occasion and the great
importance of these questions seem to demand.
I agree with the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Kellogg,] who has just taken his seat,
that the question before us is not as to the merits
of General "Walker, his character, or the lawful-
ness of his expeditions. I am certainly not here
to defend cither. I leave that to others. Kor
shai[ I enter upon a discussion of the validity of
the title which he claims of being the lawful Pres-
ident of that Republic. Whether wo faror fili-
bustering or not, advocate or oppose the repeal
of the neutrality laws, approve or condemn his
conduct, are not the questions presented here for
our consideration; but one far transcending these
in dignity and importance, involving, as I believe,
the constitutional rights and liberties of the peo-
ple of this widely-extended Republic. Shall the
law and the Constitution be trampled under foot
with impunity ? Shall American citizens be seized
in a foreign nation in defiance of law; made pris-
oners of, brought back to this country, and then
turned loose without any accusation against them ?
Shall an officer of the American Navy assume to
himself the war-making power—a power which a
sovereign State of the Union could not exercise,
except in cases of rebellion or of imminent dan-
ger not admitting of delay; land an armament in
a country with which we are at peace; make war
upon a military force, composed too of American
citizens, by a violation of her territory, and afford
just cause of war to a neighboring Republic, and
thus act without instructions, and in violation of
the Constitution of his country and of the law of
nations? These are the questions which we are
called upon to decide.
Of Commodore Paulding, prior to this occur-
rence, I know but little. No doubt he has been a
gallant and faithful officer; but speaking in ref-
erence to his conductin Nicaragua, I say a more
wanton and willful outrage was never committed
by any one clothed with authority in this country;
and it becomes us, it seems to me, as the repx-e-
sentatives of a free people, to protest against this
wanton usurpation of power.
I admit that the President was bound to see
that the neutrality laws were faithfully executed.
He was bound to exercise vigilance to prevent their
violation. Had he not discharged this duty he
would have failed to meet the just expectations
of the country. I acquit him most cheerfully of
all intentional error or improper motives; but I
do not concur in the construction which he and
gentlemen on this floor have given to those laws,
and the extent of the authority claimed to be con-
ferred by them.
Under the law of 1818, the President was au-
thorized to employ the land and naval forces to pre-
vent the carrying on from our shores of any mili-
tary expeditions, fitted out in our country against
a nation with which wo were at peace; and also
to drive from our coasts any vessels that should
presume to violate our laws, and which should
refuse to leave when ordered to do so.
The authority conferred to employ the land and
naval forces was limited to certain specified and
well-defined cases. Their employment was in-
tended, as it seems to me, to be confined only to
our own shores, or within one marine league be-
yond.
The clause of the statute relied upon by those
who contend that the President has the authority
to send out on the high seas and arrest such ex-
peditions, is that which provides that the Presi-
dent may use the Army and Navy for the purpose
of preventing the carrying on of any such expe-
dition or enterprise from the territory or jurisdic-
tion of the United States; but that clause must
not be taken and construed by itself, separate
and apart from all the rest of the sentence and the
other sections of the act. It must be construed
in connection with the whole act; and when thus
examined, no such powers can be found to have
been conferred upon the chief Magistrate of the
United States.
If the Executive could send out upon the high
seas, and beyond our own jurisdiction, the naval
forces to arrestsuch expeditions, he could, by the
same authority, send out the military forces—the
regular Army; for the same act which authorized
him to employ one gave him equal authority to
employ the other of these arms of the service.
The act of March, 1819—to protect our merchant
vessels from pirates—gave authority to send our
vessels to any part of the ocean to punish offend-
ers against these laws. Not so with the act of
1818, by which, as I contend, the power of the
. President is limited to our own jurisdiction. (
j " But," said the honorable gentleman, [Mr. 1
j Groesbeck,] "you then proclaim the doctrine I
i that on the seas there is a sanctuary for crime." i
| Not at all, sir. Crime committed on board of any I
j of our public or private vessels at sea, will sub- •
| ject the offenders to punishment in the United
■ States courts. This is by express statute. Wri- !
ters on international law lay down the principle
that vessels at sea are considered part of the ter-
ritory of that nation under whose flag they may
sail, and all offenses on board may bo tried and
punished by the laws of that country.
As to piracy, who does not know that the au-
thorities of any nation may try and execute any
one who has committed piracy? Pirates are re-
garded in the law as the enemies of all mankind,
and may be arrested and brought to trial where-
ever they are found. I allude, of course, to those
who are guilty of piracy as defined by the law of
nations. But there are offenses which are declared
piracy by the municipal laws, which cannot be
punished except by the nation under whose flag
they were committal. The African slave trade is
not piracy by the law of nations; but the laws of
some nations declare it piracy. If an American
citizen be arrested by English authorities on that
charge, he finds an tcgis and protection under our
flag, and must be handed over to our authorities
for prosecution and punishment.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Groesbeck]
referred yesterday to a decision in 11 Wheaton,
which he claimed as upholding the doctrine that
a vessel offending against the laws of a country
can be pursued and captured anywhere on the
high seas. I must think that the gentleman did
not give a very careful reading to that decision.
That was a case where a Portuguese vessel fired
upon an American man-of-war—the Alligator—
commanded by Lieutenant Stockton. That gal-
lant lieutenant subdued and captured the Portu-
guese vessel and brought her into an American
port as a prize. The Portuguese vessel claimed
that it was by mistake the American vessel was
fired at; and in the decision of that case it is ac-
knowledged that on the high seas vessels offend-
ing against our laws may be pursued and captured.
But this is by special legislation and in pursuance
of the act of 1819, before referred to.
But, Mr. Chairman, I go further. I say that
until this offense was committed, until this high-
handed act of Commodore Paulding had been per-
petrated, it was not claimed that the President
had any such power under this neutrality law.
Lieutenant Almy, like a vigilant, cautious, sens-
ible man, called upon the Secretary of the Navy
to explain under what circumstances he was re-
quired to act, and whether it was intended to give
him instructions to seize a vessel if he had good
reason to believe it to beengagedin afillibusterex-
pedition. And howdidSecretaryToueey answer
the question? By evading a direct response to this
plain question. I would not speak disrespectfully
of that distinguished functionary, for I have very
great respect for him, on account of his sound
constitutional sentiments. But I say, neverthe-
less, that in his reply to the letter of Lieutenant
Almy he evaded the question, and the direction
to seize a vessel under such circumstances is no-
where to be found in the instructions given to any
naval officer. The Constitution of the United
States guaranties to every citizen protection from
seizure in his person and in his property, unless
upon due complaint, made and supported by oath
or affirmation.
Then, sir, how can it be claimed that upon the
high seas, upon any part of the wide ocean, an
American officer is clothed with the authority,
upon mere suspicion, to arrest American citizens,
seize their property and their vessel, and bring
them to this country for trial at his mere discre-
tion? The President himself does not possess
any such power to arrest even the humblest cit-
izen of our country.
Well, sir, what was done in this case? Com-
modore Paulding sends these men to this country
as prisoners. Their leader is brought to this city,
and the President, through the Secretary of State,
tells him that there is no accusation against him
that will justify the Government in holding him
in custody. The men, too, are set at liberty at
Norfolk; their rights have been trampled under
foot. They have been incarcerated on board an
American ship, carried thousands of miles, and
turned adrift in mid-winter, naked and without
means to take them to their distant homes. And
yet the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Groesbeck]
yesterday said that no cruelty had been practiced
towards them. I say, Mr. Chairman, that such
treatment does not speak well for this Govern-
ment. Why, sir, when a few years ago a vessel
was wrecked upon our shores, (from Japan, I
