1858.'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. GroesbecJc.
1 io, of Reps.
out some twopenny arrangement; but when I
come to the great matters of government, where
stability is most needed, and wherein my highest
rights are eared for and deposited, then, accord-
ing to the theory of those gentlemen, though a
freeman, I have no power to bind myself for six
years! That is a curious notion, in my judgment,
of the rights of a freeman.
What mean the commentators upon this sub-
ject, m advising that constitutions be framed to
secure some degree of stability and permanence
in government: What meant Thomas Jeffer-
son, when, in treating of tins subject, he advised
that constitutions should be made alterable every
twenty years? With the tables of mortality in
his hand, and with a close and careful reckoning,
he ascertained how long the majority of any given
generation would survive, and recommended that
as the period for which constitutions should be
made binding. What did he mean by this, if they
can be changed at any time regardless of their
provisions? Let me give his language. In speak-
ing of the propriety of providing for periodical
amendments of constitutions, he says:
" Let us, as our sister Elates have done, avail ourselves
of our )ear-on and exp uence, to correct the crude essays
of our fio-t and unexperienced, although wi&e, vntuons. mid
well-meaning councils. And lastly, let us piovule in our
coiiMituuon lor its. levis-ion .it Mated peuods. What these
period^ should be.natme iwlfindicate< 11) the Hmopcan
tables of moitahtv, of the adults living at auv one moment
ot tune, a majority will be dead in about nineteen years.
'At the endot that penod,then,a new majority id come into
place; oi in other wonte, a new geneiation." " ■" *
'■ Ami it is foi the peace and good oi mankind, that a col-
emu oppouuimv of doing this everv nineteen ot twenty
yeais should be piovided In the constitution," Szc.—Jeffci-
&t>n\ fVorks, volume / ; paged 14, and 1(3.
What meant the numerous conventions which
have, from time to tune, been held to frame and
change constitutions? Why put the power of
amendment into your constitutions and pomtout
a particular mode of amendment, if this phrase
in your bill uf rights enables tiie people, at any
time, in any way, constitutionally and legally, to
tumble their governments to the ground ? Why
require two thirds of a Legislature to pass an not
to assemble a convention? Why <ro into all this
formality if the people have the right, atall tunes,
and in any manner they see fit, legally, and not by
revolution, to change the constitution?
Sir, they cannot do it. If they undertake to
change their constitution in a manner not author-
ized by the constitution itself, it is the light, and
it may become the duty of the existing govern-
ment to resist such an attempt; and I tell you that
if blood be spiit in such resistance, it is not always
a penal act; if life be taken, it is not manslaugh-
ter; if property be taken, and houses entered and
searched, it is not trespass. Look at the Rhode
Island case. It furnishes an illustration. At the
penod of the American Revolution, Rhode Island
did not, like the other States, adopt a constitution,
but continued theform of governmentestabbshed
by the obar tor of Chailes the Second. In 1841,
the people held meetings and formed associations,
which ichulted in the election of a convention to
foun a constitution, to be submitted to thepeople
for the<r adoption or rejection. The convention
framed a constitution, directed a vote to be taken
upon it, and declared afterwards that it had been
adopted and ratified by a majority of the people,
and was the paramount law and constitution of
Rhode Island. Under it elections were held for
Governor, members of the Legislature, and other
olTiceis, who assembled together in May, 164:2,
and proceeded to organize the new government.
But the old government, under the charter of
Charles the Second, did not acquiesce. On the
contrary, it passed stungent laws, and finally de-
clared the State under martial law. I will not stop
to give further particulars. The people hied to en-
force the new government; the old charter govern-
ment resisted. The people weie put down. The
legality of their movement was tested in the courts,
audit was decided to be illegal, because done w uh-
out the sanction of the old government. The
effort of the people was treated as rebellious and
insurrectional'}''. I give no opinion upon the de-
termination of this case, as being right or wrong.
I allude to it simply as an instance where, m an
extreme case, the people were not allowed, on
their own motion and without consent, to reform
or alter their government in their own way.
An action arising out of this movement was
taken to the Supieme Court of the United States,
and, as it has been rcfcircd to in this debate, I
will give apart of the language of the court on this
alleged right of the people to change constitutions
in any way they see fit, and without regard to the
provisions for changc m the constitution. " No
one," we believe, says Chief Justice Taney, "has
ever doubted the proposition that, according to
the institutions [not constitutions, it should be
noticed,] of this country, the sovereignty of every
State resides in the people of the State', and that
they may alter and change their form of govern-
ment at their own pleasure." Woodbury, dis-
senting, but only on the point concerning martial
law, explains at length the character of this right
of changc. In speaking of the hardships of the
old Rhode Island government, and the controver-
sies it gave rise to, he says:
" rf it he asked what rcdiess have the people if wionged
in these matteis, unless by resoitmg to the judiciary, the
an&wei ]*, they have the same as in ail other political mat-
ters. In those they go to the ballot-boxes., to the Legisla-
tutc, or executive lot the redtess of such grievances as are
within the junsdietion of each; and, lor such as ate not, to
convention-* and amendments ot constitutions. And when
the foimer fail, and these last are forbidden hy statutes, all
that is iett m extieme ca^es, where the suUeimg i> intojei-
able, and the prospect is good ot relief hy action of the peo-
ple without the forms of law, is to do as did Hampden and i
Washington, and ventuie action without these found, and j
abide the consequences. Should strong niajoimes favor tiie I
change, it geneially i& completed without much violence, fyc. i
" Change*, thus demanded, and thus supported, will usu- j
ally be allowed to go into peaceful cons'liiimatton; hut when ;
not so allowed, oi when they art; attempted hy small or
doubtful ina|ontiof,i£ must, he conceded that it will heat their
peril, as they will usually he leMMed In thoho in powei,hy
means of pro-editions, and sometimec ! i violence, and,
unless eiou ned b> Mieces-, and thus subsequently latified,
thnj u i]I ojten he punched as rebellious or treasonable/*
Now it must be remembered that this language
was used m reference to one of our own State gov-
ernments, and in a case where the people had
endeavored to tinow off an oppressive, unequal,
and offensive form of government. (7 Howard,
Curtis 15, 23.)
Webster, in the same case, in argument, says:
<:()nc puneiple [of Ameucan government] is, that the
people olien limit their government; anothei, that they
oiten limit themselves. They sccute themselves against
sudden changes bymeie niajoiitie^."
But we are told the Legislature will concur in
this movement. I will consider this aspect of the
question hereafter. 1 am now considering the con-
stitutional right of the people to change this Lc-
compfon constitution prior to 1864.
We are also referred to what has been done in
other States. We are told that New York has
changed her constitution in disregard of the mode
pointed out in it. This is questionable. Thccon-
stitution referred to provided for particulai spe-
cial amendments to be made by the Legislature
exclusively, and had no provision for making a
new constitution by a convention of the people.
It is very proper to avoid the expense of a con-
vention in making a single or slight amendments,
and it does not always follow, because provision
is made with that mow, that a convention may
not be called to make an entirely new constitution,
when such a course is not forbidden. But in this
New Yolk case the justices of her supreme court,
in giving an opinion to the Legislature of that
State, on a collateral question growing out of that
movement, say :
" in tin- di-Cii-Kion we have assumed, without intending
to e.vpie^s any opunon ori tiie subject, tiiat the constitution
can be amended in a ditfeient way Uom that which has
bum pie-scribfd by the people m tiie. m^tiumcnt itself.''
In Massachusetts, the opinion of her supreme
court on a like question has been called for by
the Legislature. I give the following extract
from that opinion:
"Tiie court do not unde  -rand it wa« tb" intention of the
flou-c ofllepiesentatives to tequest then opinion upon tiie
n'Uuml light of tiie people, ui ca-es oi great emergency, or
upon tue obvious l.niuie ol then exiting constitution t<> ac-
complish the objects lot uhi'.h U w;iv designrd, to pro\ido
lor the amendment or alteration of their constitution ; noi
whot would be the effect ot any change or altei ation ot then
(onMiiuiion made under such cneumstances. and sanc-
tioned by tiie a-^ent ol the people, Such a view oi tiie vub-
jiet would involve the general question of natural nghN,
and the mheient and fundamental principles upo's winch
civil society i-' founded, lather than any que-tion uprm the
natuie. eon-tiuelion. or opeiafion of the e.\M;e^ constitu-
tion.5'* * v " CoriiKlcimg that no mode pie-
vioif: to 1810 w a? provided by the con.-Utunon lor us amend-
ment, that no other power for that purpose than in the mode
alluded to is anywhere given in the constitution, by impli-
cation oi otheiwise, and that the mode thereby provided
appears maniieslly to have been carefully considered, and
tiie power of altering the constitution thereby conferred to
have been cautiously retained and guarded, we think a
strong implication arises against the existence of any other
power, under the constitution, for the same purpose."—6
Cashing, pages 573-4.
It is proper to noticc that this opinion was given
upon a constitution which had a particular mode
of amendment, and, also, in its bill of rights, just
such a clause as we have in this Lecompton con-
stitution, declaring that" the people alone have an
inalienable, incontestable, and indefeasible right
to institute government, and to reform, alter, or
totally change the same, when their protection,
safety, prosperity, and happiness require it." It
would seem that the judges did not regard this as
a constitutional way of amendment, but as a dec-
laiation of the light of revolution.
But, Mr. Chairman, I do not think it necessary
to continue this inquiry. I can well understand
how a constitution might be changed in an irregu-
lar and unauthorized manner, when the people
had become tired of it; but where is the State in
which this has occurred when slavery was the
matter in issue? Where is the slave State which
has been made a free State, in an unconstitutional
manner; or the free State which has been made a
slave State in such a way, and especially when the
people are divided upon the question; when they
stand in bitter hostility to each other; when they
have been warring with each other about it for
years > Remembering, as we must, the extraor-
dinary struggle which has been made in Kansas,
on one side to make it a slave State, and on the
other to make it a free State, does any one sup-
pose the Lecomptonites will tamely submit, and
when you have crowned their effort with victory,
by making Kansas a slave State, quietly yield all
this to their opponents, and allow them to make
it a free State in a manner not clcarly sanctioned
by the constitution?
What is to become of our State governments,
under the operation of this doctrine of the unlim-
ited right of the majority to change them, at any
time and in anyway? We have thirty-one States,
each having political parties. To-day one party
is m the ascendant, to-morrow another. What
stability is secured for our institutions, if mere
majorities, regardless of the rights of minonties
vested m them by constitutions, and regardless
of the provisions of the constitutions themselves,
can at any time and in any way overthrow and
change them? Not only so: what becomes of
your Federal Constitution under this doctrine?
Let us inquire.
In 1830, on the floor of the Senate, Daniel Web-
ster, in speaking of our Federal Government and
its Constitution, used this language:
"I hold it to be a popular Government, erected by tho
people, those who administer it responsible to the people,
ft !-> as poptiiai, (list as truly emanating fjom the people, as
the .State government." * * * * u We ate
here to administer a Government emanating immediately
liom the people," Sec. * * * * ^ThisGov-
einment is the independent offspring of the popular will. It
is not tiie creatuie of State Legislatures. Nay, more, if the
whole truth miwt be told, the people biought it into exist-
ence, established it, and have hitheito supported it, for the
very purpose, amongst others, of imposing certain salutary
ie.straiiit& on State sovereignties."
Again:
"The people crccted this Government. They gave it a
constitution"—
a constitution, not a confederacy.
In 1833, he said again, in the same place:
" Tiie Constitution of the United State? is not a league,
confedeiaej, of compact between the people ot the sov-
eieigu States m theirsoverign capacities, but a Government
pioper, founded on the adoption of the people," &c.
Tho preamble, begins as follows:
" We the people of the United State?," &.C., " do ordain
and establish this Constitution," &.c.
f do not say that this is my view of the char-
acter of our Federal Government; but how easy
would it be to popularize some such doctrine?
How ingeniously could the argument be made
that this is a Government of the people! Who
will say it is an impossibility that such a doc-
tiine could obtain a majority in Congress? Sup-
pose it should, and you then tack to it this other
theory now propounded in this debate, that con-
