THE C()NGRi:SS!ONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON. IX C. ! "
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Sessiqn.
WEDNESDAY, MA Y 26, 1858.
New Series.....No. 148.
come from her; when the citizen is in the State
of his domicil, the relation is due immediately to
the State. Then the illustration of citizens of
State and State is not in point. If, then, I am by
the laws of the Federal Government compelled to
pay a tax here, I should instantly be allowed to
enjoy.the elective franchise; and residence is not
requisite, and should not determine my right to
vote. I am sure, even, I may be a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, having a domicil in one of the States,
and if I have resided as a citizen in one of the States
of this Union for twenty years, I have been
during that time a citizen of the United States,
though not of each one of the States. If, then,
1 am brought to Washington in the performance
of public duties, intending to return to my dom-
icil in the State of my residence, if I am taxed
here, I should be allowed to vote, because I am a
resident citizen of the United States of as long
duration as my residence in the State. Take the
President. He comes here in the performance
of public duties, and has only lost temporarily his
State residence, but has in no wise affected his
stakis to the General Government; and if taxed
should be allowed to vote.
Mr. READY. That is all true; but I want to
know what taxes he has to pay here?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not know
that he pays any. I took him as an illustration.
If, however, he is required to pay a tax under the
corporate law, he should be allowed to vote, al- j
though a citizen of Pennsylvania. When he ;
votes in Pennsylvania, he votes m his State ca- j
pacity; now he votes m his Federal character.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Smith, of
Virginia, was agreed to.
Mr. COL PAX. I move to strike out the pro-
viso to the first section of the bill, which isasfol-
iows:
Provided, That m al! case? where tne person so otherwise
entitled and offering to vote shall not have been i cedent oi
the particular wsud in which he ics-ident hona fide upon
the day of election for the «paee of one month immediately
previous thereto, then such peison shall he entitled to vote
in the ward in winch he Ids! previously le&uled
I think that proviso initiates a new policy?
which is unwise. The object of all our election
laws which require a residence for a certain length
of time in the ward orcounty m which he offers to
vote, is to foster and promote permanency of resi-
dence. I do not know how it may be in the States
adjacent to this District; but I know that m the
northwestern States—with which I am more fa-
miliar—if a person leaves one county and goes to
another, and has not obtained a residence in the
county to which he has removed, he cannot go
back "to his original county and vote at the cleo*
tion; and it is not wise,after a man has removed
fiom one ward to another, that he should be al-
lowed to go back and vote in his original ward
for Mayor, aldermen, school officers, assessors,
and all the officers, not only of the city, but of
that ward in which he has no residence or inter-
est. I hope the proviso will be stricken out.
Mr. GOODE. I only want the House to un-
derstand what will be the elfect of the amendment
before they undertake to pass upon it. Accord-
ing to this" bill, if a man removes fiom one ward
to another, he must reside in the new ward thirty
days before he is allowed to vote. He cannot
acquire the ri^ht to vote m the new ward without
a thirty days' residence By the amendment he
would forfeit his right to vote in the ward from
whence he came, and though he may have per-
formed his duties faithfully as a citizen, though
he may have paid his capitation tax for the sup-
port of schools, though he may have paid his tax
upon his personal property in accordance with
the provisions of law, though he may have done
every duty which any voter could perform, yet
he is deprived of the right of suffrage, because he
has removed into another ward and has not resi-
ded there for thirty days prior to the election.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia whether it is fair that a man who has left
the ward in which he has resided, and who does
not intend to return there witlnn the year follow-
ing should have the right to vote, for instance, for
1.49
alderman for that ward, when he is to have no
interest in the representation whatever ?
Mr. HILL. I move to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, so that the latter
clause of the section shall read:
And that fiom and after the passage of this act every free
white male resident of the city of Washington, of the age
of twenty-one years, (vagrants, paupers, felons, and persons
non compos mentis excepted.) who shall have resided in the
city one year immediately preceding the day ot election, and
who shall be a citizen of the United States at the tune he
offers to vote, and shall have paid the &chool tax and all
taxes on puisonal pioportv due from him. shall hp entitled
to vote in the ward of which he shall be on the day of elec-
tion, and shall have been for thirty days preceding a bona
fide resident, for Mayor, membeis of the Board of Aldermen,
and Common Council, register, collector, surveyor, asses-
sots, and Mich otiier officers as may hereafter he made elec-
tive : Provided, That in all ease* weie the pe "on so othei-
w^e entitled and otfenns to vote '-hull not have been resi-
dent of the particular ward ui whrcb he is resident bona fide
upon the day of election for the space of one month imme-
diately pieviouf thereto, then such person shall be en titled
to vote m the ward in which he last previously resided, for
Mayor only.
The Committee will readily perceive the effect
of this amendment, and the analogy between the
city and State elections, where persons removing
from one county to another, are not, until they
shall have resided there the required time, per-
mitted to vote for members of the Legislature,
but are permitted to vote for State officers. Here
| I propose that when a voter shall have removed
1 from one ward to another, until the thirty days
! have expired, he shall not be allowed to vote for
i alderman, hut that he shall be allowed to vote
for Mayor of the city.
Mr. COLFAX. I accept the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia. There is a fitness in
allowing m<en under such circumstances to vote
for Mayer; but there is not in allowing them to
vote for aldermen.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, was to strike out the pro-
viso; and that of the gentleman from Georgia to
I perfect it. Unless the gentleman from Indiana
I prefers to accept the amendment of the gentleman
! from Georgia, the question will first be upon the
i proposition to amend, and then upon the motion
i to strike out.
Mr. COLFAX. Let separate votes be taken.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. 1 wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, [Mr. Goode,] whether, when a voter
removes fiom one ward to another, there is not j
some law or regulation now in force m the Dis- j
trict by which he can secure his right to vote in \
the ward where he resides. i
Mr. GOODE. The regulations under the pros- i
ent law arc very much the same as—I believe pre- :
cisely identical with—those m this bill. !
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. I do not understand all j
I the laws regulating the rights of voters in this :
| city, and do not understand the object of sending J
voters back to their old places of residence until ;
! the j have resided thirty days in the ward to
i which they last removed. In the eastern cities a
man is nevei a vot^r in a ward where he has no {
' residence, anil never on<j;hr to be one. On removal
ftorn on'* v.ard tn another. h< at once, by certifi-
cate, or in some other form, < swblishes his right
to vote in tV* waid to which he has removed.
I Mr. GOODE. I rise to a question ot Older.
; The debate has exhausted uselt upon this amend-
' mem; and I ask that th<> vote be taken upon it.
1 Mr. MORSE, of Maine. 1 am opposing the
| amendment.
| Mr. GOODE. I thought the gentleman was
!' arguing m favor of the amendment.
I Mr. MORSE, of Ma>ne. I rose for the pur-
II pose of trying to draw some information from the
' committee winch repotted tins bill on the subject
j, to which it relates. The committee will judge
j. with what success, with the iight before us, lam
' in favor of the amendment and hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. GOODE. The gentleman purported to be
sneaking m opposition to the amendment and
now he says he is m lo.v<>r ft it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in older.
Mr. -PHILLIPS. As the committee isnotlifce^
ly to adopt-any amendment to the bill,§.nd as
they are consuming a good deal of time upon it,-I
move to strike out the enacting clause. -
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order; /
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the res^
olution which was adopted by the House, closing-
debate upon this bill, be read. It requires the
committee to vote upon all amendments pending,
or which may be offered to the bill before it is
reported to the House.
Mr. COLFAX. There is another point of or- <
der which I wish to make on* the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, which is, that the
vote must be first taken upon my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the 119th rule, a
motion to strike out the enacting clause takes
precedence of a motion to amend.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the resolu-
tian for teiminating debate be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The resolution is in the
usual form.
Mr. GROW. I call for the reading of the 136th
lUMr. PHILLIPS. My object in making the
motion was to save time; but, as I am not likely
to accomplish the objcctby these means, I with-
draw the motion.
The question being upon Mr. Colfax's amend-
ment,
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burnett
and Euffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes GO, noes 62. ^
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out the sec-
ond section of the bill, which reads as follows:
e.2. be it further cnactcd, That no person shall
be allowed to vote at anv el<u tion as aforesaid unless he
shall have been lctuuiud on the books ot the corporation of
sod city a< subject to a school tax : and it >hall be the duty -
of the temper ot said city, m addition to the names ot per-
sons so returned by the asv«t-ois of said city, upon satis-
iactoi'3 pi oof under oath, u> be administered by some justice
ot the peace of the county ol Wa^hmg'on, that the name of
any such person has been accidentally or will'.ully omitted
fiom said books, to plaec thc*ame thereon at any time after
he shall have leceived said books from the assessors, up to
ten davs before the said election; and m case any such per-
son shall be absent fiom the city at said time, or under
twenty one years of age, and his name in consequence
thcieof be omitted from'said books, then upon his return, or
becoming of age, at anv time after the day of registration,
and bctore the dav of said election, and upon satisfactory
pi oof theieof made as aloiesaid,the>-a!d registei shall place
the name of such poison ?-o ieturning on said books. And
if any pei;-ou shall knovvongly swear /alsHy in the piemiscs,
he «hali, upon indictment and conviction thereof before any
couit competent to try the same, be adjudged guilty of will-
ful and cori upt peijuij\and punished accordingly.
Mr. Chairman, taxation and representation
should invariably go together. A dollar school
tax upon a laborer who has no children, and can
detive no advantage from the system which he
is called upon to support, is oppressive; and no
man's right of suffrage should be made dependent
on the pavment of such tax.
Mr. WiNSLOW. I move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I want a vote on my amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will see
by the 119th rule that it is provided/hat a motion
to strike out the enacting words of a bill shall
have piecedence of a motion to amend; and if
carried shall bo considered equivalent to its re-
jection. Therefore, the motion to strike out the
enacting clause, will take precedence of the gen-
tleman's motion. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the Chair
entertain the motion to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. He does.
Mr. GOODE. Does the gentleman appeal ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
does appeal. .
Mr. GOODE. The gentleman may appeal.
^^i^JONES, of Tennessee. And I intend to
do it.' The motion is in direct conflict with the
