1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
ought not to submit. The slightest circumstance will now,
in a moment, throw everything into confusion and blood-
shed. That spirit which led their ancestors to break oft
from everything winch is near and dear to the human heart,
has but a slight sacrifice to make nt this time ; they have not
to quit their native couutiy* but defend it; not to forsake
their friends and relations, hut to unite with and stand by
them in one common union. They will abominate as sin-
cerely as thev now love yon. In one word, if this spirit of
fanauci&ni should once arise upon the idea of persecuting
thesft"people, you will not, for the future, be abls to govern
with a rod of iron.
" if it be not the humor of the House to believe this at
present, I only beg they will remember that it has been said,
and that they were forewarned of it."
How applicable to our own times !
Lord Chatham said:
<k When the resolution was taken in this House to tax
America, I was ill in bed; if T could have enduied to have
been carried in my bed, so great was the agitation of my
mind for the consequences, I would have solicited some
kind hand to have laid me down on this floor, to have borne
my testimony against it.,J
Again spoke Lord Chatham:
" America, if she fall*, will fall like the strong man. She
would embrace the pillars of the State and pull down the
constitution along with her.y'
Again, when he spoke those words that made
the tyrants tremble:
"America (says he) is almost in open rebellion, f lejoice
that Ameuca has resisted."
But all these warnings were unheeded to the
last.
I know not'upon what to rest the hope that the
North will at last yield to wiser and more mod-
erate counsels. All the old national parties arc
broken up, save the Democratic party, and that
is weakended by desertion and torn by divisions,
I do yet fondly hope that this old party will be
found strong enough, patriotic and self-sacrificing
enough, to meet boldly this question, upon which
its fate and the fate of the CJnion depends, and
once more restore peace and quiet to a distracted
country. It has received accessions of late from
the old Whig and the American parties, and forms
a nucleus around which the conservative men of
the whole country may still rally. Though de-
serted by those oncc recognized as its loaders, a
portion of the old guard, the true-hearted north-
ern Democracy, still stands firm. Though their
motives maybe maligned, their names threatened
to be cast out as despised, and public honors de-
nied them, still, unmoved, they go on to the dis-
chaigc of their duty to their country. I listened
with delight to the manly and eloquent speech of
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Bishop,]
the other day. While the spirit which he exhib-
ited survives among the northern Democracy,
though they may, for a time, be in a minority,
we may yet have hope for the perpetuity of our
institutions. All honor to them I They will yet
be honored and sustained at home, cherished and
respected at the South; while they will be ever
cheered with the pleasing consciousness of hav-
ing, like patriots, discharged th«ir duty boldly,
notwithstanding the desertion of the Douglases^
the Walkers, the Forneys, the Bancrofts, and
others, once honored leaders. One of these was,
but yesterday, the idol of every southern heart;
the hero of many a forensic contest; the example
first on the hps to refute the charge that the north-
ern Democracy were not to be trusted. All ic-
member how, like Saladin's, his keen Damascus
blade shone so brightly on many a field in defense
of the constitutional lights of the South. Admir-
ing friends looked forward to the day when they
could elevate him to the Presidency of the nation
—an honor which had only been delayed yet a
little while, as they deemed, for an older, though
not, as we then knew, a better soldier. That he
should so suddenly turn his back upon his an-
cient friends, and join his long embittered foes, is
strange, unnatural, unaccountable.
A striking example in our early history is re-
called to my mind. It is of one who was among
the boldest and bravest in the early days of our
Revolution—daring, resolute, and zealous in the
cause of liberty, liis blood was freely shed for
the great cause. The Father of his Country
trusted hun, leaned upon him; and yet he at last,
from ambition or some secret griefs, proved him-
self a traitor to his country. Remembering the
past as 1 do, I will not call him to whom I have
referred by so harsh a name; but from present
indication? from the quick nomination for the
Pi< snkvey. vjfh It. J. "\Wik<*r on the same ticket
for the Wi Presidency, the indications given out
by hie' organ at Chicago, and by his late specch
in opposition to the South—to make friends, as
it seemed with the Black Republicans, by misrep-
resenting the positions and sentiments of that sec-
tion, ana then attacking those falsely-attributed
positions—it will not surprise me to see, very
soon, the mask thrown off, and this nameless chief
fighting in the ranks of his late revilers.
We of the South are falsely represented at the
North, by these Black Republican presses, as
being desirous of extending slavery to the free ter-
ritory of the North. A distinguished Senator pre-
tended to charge upon the South a desire to convey
slaves into northern free States. This is not so.
We claim the right to carry our slaves into terri-
' tory belonging to all the States alike. The gen-
tleman from Illinois says he admits this principle
as regards all property save that of slaves. He
denies that slavery exists by the common law, but
contends that it is by statute law only; and denies
that they should go to any of the Territories of
the Union.
I tell thatgentleman that this is nolongeraques-
tion for dispute. It is the law of the land, so pro-
nounced by the highest judicial tribunal in our
country. It was also decided by twelve of the
ablest judges in England—among whom was Lord
Holt—" that negroes were merchandise." I refer
the gentleman to Burges's Commentaries, vol. 1,
p. 735; Chalmers's Opinions of Eminent Law-
yers, vol. 2, pp. 2(i2,263, 3G4; and Cotquhoun on
Roman and Civil Law, not having time to read
them now.
We do not ask you to regard slavery as we
regard it. It is not suited to your northern clime,
but it is suited to ours. We of the South believe
that it is recognized and sanctioned by the Al-
mighty in las revealed Word. We think their
introduction into our country has been the effi-
cient means of civilizing and Christianizing the
African race. We know they are more happy
and contented. Agriculture, commerce,and man-
ufactures, have all derived benefits incalculable
from this institution. By it the world has been
clothed and fed. Think of it as you will, but deny
to us none of our constitutional rights; cease to
molest us, and we may yet live on m peace. We
arc content to assume all its responsibilities, both
here and heieafter, and willing to abide the en-
; lightened public opinion of the world. And may
we not hope that there is sufficient virtue, intelli-
gence, and patriotism, left at the North to correct
this unsound public sentiment? or shall treason,
folly, and fanaticism,be permitted to rule the day,
and this Republic, with all its present greatness,
and its glorious promises, be destroyed, merely to
gratify the thirst for power of those Black Repub-
lican leaders, in whose hearts, as I believe, there
lurks treason as dark as ever actuated the oath-
bound associates of Catiline's conspiracy. They,
too, meditated an insurrection of the slaves in the
Roman territories, as one of their means of effect-
ing their unholy purposes. Cicero, after detect-
ing their plot and arresting their persons, boldly
asked, if they deserve praise who laid the foun-
dation of the republic, do not they also who pre-
, served it from its enemies ? May not (hose now
! (and I allude particularly to those residing in the
j North, who unite to restore pcace to this dis-
' ti acted country, by preventing the tiiumphs of
| treason and rebellion in Kansas, and by thwart-
| mg the designs of the enemies of the Constitution
' and the Union) ask in the same spiilt if they, too,
: have not deserved well of their country ?
; Mr. WASEIBUUNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
• man: Representing that congressional district in
' this House which m the last presidential election
' gave to the Republican candidate for President
| the largest majority of any district in the United
| States, and which elected me to this Congress by
' a majority exceeding twelve thousand votes, I
; wish to be heard m behalf of my constituency on
[ the great question which now so deeply agitates
! the country.
In 1850 the country was convulsed with agita-
| tion on the slavery question, growing out of the
| acquisition of territory from Mexico; but when
i I took my seat in the Thirty-Third Congress I
! was told that all the questions connected with the
| institution of slavery had been finally adjusted
; and settled by the adoption of what was called
the 11 compromise measures of 1850;" that these
measures had been acquicscr-d in by the people
generally, and sanctified by the triumphant elec-
tion of Franklin Pierce as President of the United
States in 1852. It was said that the people had
lost all interest in the subject, and had become
tired of the continued agitation involved in its dis-
cussion. It was dead, and buried so deep that
there was no resurrection for it. There was no
disguising the fact that in the election of Pierce
the slave power achieved a most signal advan-
tage. His nomination was secured by that power;
and when elected he was thoroughly ana com-
pletely devoted to its interest. Both branches of-
Congress, by majorities of more than two to one,
were in harmony with the Executive on that sub-
ject. The Supreme Court was then, as now,
ready for any service which the interest of the
power demanded. Hence, every branch of the
Government, executive, legislative, and judicial,
was in concord on the slavery question. To the
casual observer of events it would have been sup-
posed that, so far as the whole machinery of gov-
ernment was concerned, nothing further was left
to be desired by the South; and the aggression
so soon disclosed in the proposed repeal of the
Missouri compromise could not have been an-
ticipated. Sir, it is not my purpose to-day to go
over the history of the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, that outrage upon the public honor
and the plighted faith of the nation. That history
has been written in the annals of the country for
the last four years, and there are yet other chap-
ters to bewritten in that connection.
By false issues, dodges, evasions, and frauds,
the election of Mr. Buchanan was secured. No
single speech can do justice to the history of that
remarkable campaign, and I certainly shall not
attempt it in the few remarks I propose making
while I occupy the floor. I believe I can say, with
truth, that almost everywhere in the North Mr.
Buchanan was unblushingly claimed as a friend
to freedom in Kansas, and in proportion as his
chances were thought to be desperate did his
friends clamor for him as the peculiar champion
of the free-State cause. But all professions favor-
able to Kansas being a free State, made by him
or his friends, were doomed to falsification, and
the prediction of his opponents in that regard have
become history.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. Do I understand my
colleague to say that Mr. Buchanan was claimed
as a free-Kansas man in Illinois?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I said I be-
lieved he was so claimed almost everywhere in
the "North, and I know he was so claimed by his
supporters in that part of Illinois I represent.-
The history of events in Kansas up to the time
of the election of the present Chief Magistrate,
is but too well known. From the time the repeal
of the Missouri compromise was first broached,
theie has been a concerted, systematic, and de-
termined effort to make a slave State out of terri-
tory which had hitherto been consecrated to free-
dom. That effort has been aided in every possible
way by the Government, which has intervened
in every instance to prevent the people thereof
from being left " perfectly free to form and regu-
late their domestic institutions in their own way.
The office-holders who have been sent to Kansas
who have not lent the influence of their official
position to uphold fraud, violence, and outrage,
have felt the weight of the displeasure of the Gov-
ernment officials m Washington; while those who
were most active in the pro-slavery cause, and
have committed inhuman crimes have been, and
are yet, retained in office. The Pierce adminis-
tration looked with indifference upon the first
invasion from Missouri, which foisted upon the
Territory aforeign Legislature. It had no words
of denunciation for the lawless and revolution-
ary acts of the Atchisons and Stringfellows who
plotted, in their midnight conclaves their usurpa-
tions of power in Kansas, and the destruction of
the most sacred rights of American freemen, but
it addressed itself to the falsest and most vehe-
ment accusations against the emigrants from the
free States who sought free homes there. The
administrations of both Pierce and Buchanan have
ever been in the interest of slavery and hostile
to freedom; and, while the former deserves the
contempt, the latter merits the execration of pos-
terity. The history of the outrages in Kansas
for the last three years is a blot upon the escutch-
eon of the nation, and were it not for the official
proofs, an account of them would, in after times,
be considered merely as ai i romance of rascality.'
A record of the official evidence in regard to all of
