308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
.Admission of Kansas—Mr. Groesbeck.
Ho. of Reps.
stitutions have no more sanctity than village
by-laws, and it may not be long before you wjII
see these united doctrines ascending up into na-
tional party platforms; and what, then, becomes
of the nth article of the Federal Constitution? It
will be no more a barrier against the right of
change than the fourteenth section of the schedule
of the Lecompton constitution.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed, then, to vitaliz-
ing this Lecompton constitution, because it is not
legally alterable before the year 18f>4. Why do
I object to it on that account? I recur again to
the arguments which have been made here from
time to time; the appeals which have been ad
dressed to members; the inducements which have
been held out to them to make this Territory a
State, because, it is said, they will have the con-
stitutional right to alter it instantly. They will
not. I oppose it because I claim, that, by the con-
stitution, they cannot legally alter it until 1864; and
I know, you know, we all admit, that it is not the
•will of the people. You remit them to revolution
in order to effect a change, and you can give no
assurance that such a movement will be allowed
to go forward to a peaceful consummation.
Hut we are told that the Legislature of the State
will concur in such a movement, and that it is now
ascertained that the free-State men will have the
Legislature. Let us look at this. The first an-
nouncement was, that the pro-slavery candidates
throughout (Governor, judges, legislators, and
all) were elected. Enormous frauds were brought
to light, and it was then announced that the result
of the election was uncertain. The disclosure of
frauds thickened, and very recently the president
of the convention has made a third announcement,
ihat certificates will issue to the free-State candi-
dates for the Legislature. This is all. Nothing
is said as to the Governor and other State oOlcers,
notwithstanding the great anxiety to know the
entire result.
Now, suppose, for the sake of the argument,
that the free-State men will have the Legislature.
How will they have it? They will have a major-
ity, but not a two-thirds majority, in each branch;
and by this Lecompton constitution a veto power
is given to the Governor, so as to make it impos-
sible to pass a law calling a convention over his
veto,unless they have two thirds in both branches
of the Legislature, which they have not. Who
i.^ Governor ? I do not know. Nobody can tell
me. It seems to be understood that the president
of the convention is to declare, in the first instance,
who he is.
1 am told again, that if the wrong person should
be declared Governor, the Legislature could eject
him, and put m the man rightfully elected. IX11-
der what lawJ 15y what authority J There is no
law or authority*to be^in that contest; none at
all. If there be, will some one point me to
The Governor takes his seat. If they should un-
dertake to pass a law under which to contest his
right to his seat, he could veto it. You cannot
touch him after he takes his seat in the guberna-
torial chair. It is not a case for impeachment.
There is no law to disturb him. There is no law
to meet the case. I might go on, if 1 had the time,
showing other aspects of this case which seem to
make it uncertain and very difficult for the people,
even if they had the lejjal right, to go forward to
change the constitution. 1 make this argument,
1 repeat it again, f.ceruse I hat constitution does
not express the will of the majority, and 1 <\m
see no safe, legal, and ea.^y way, in which they
can altei it.
I am told again, make this people a State, and
then they are fi oe to do as they please. Sir, they
are not half as free under the Lecompton consti-
tution as they are under the Kansas-Nebraska
act. That act makes them perfectly fice. We
have so boasted from the date of its passage.
Theie is no comparison of the freedom on this
subject which they enjoy under that act and the
restraint—1 would term it—imposed upon them
by the Lecompton constitution.
But, sir, suppose I am wrens', 1 come to an-
other aspect of this case. I affirm that this Con-
gress, if it act at all, is bound—that is the word I
use—to iesp et and act aecoiding to the known
will of that people, as given to us on the 4th day
of January. Suppose my argument on the other
proposition is wrong; suppose the people have
the legal right to alter this constitution whenever
they see fit—the legal right, regardless of its pro-
visions, to destroy a living and binding constitu-
tion: pray tell me, Mr. Chairman, how it is that
this same people have no power over a constitu-
tion not yet binding. Explain to me the logic
by which the people may throw aside a living,
binding constitution, and yet are powerless to say
a word upon what is as yet but a piece of paper
entitled aconstitution. What is this constitution?
What rights does it vest? Will somebody tell
me? What right can any man in Kansas assert
under it? I should like to hear? Can you get
into court under it? Can you do anything upon
any alleged right it confers? No. Why, then,
tell me that it is legally binding upon anybody ?
Can anybody inKansasdoanythingunder it now,
before we put breath into its nostrils? Is it bind-
ing upon Congress?
Mr. Chairman, let me say a word on this sub-
ject of constitution-making. That territorial gov-
ernment of Kansas was established by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. It is our government.
Every inhabitant there owes allegiance to that ter-
ritorial government. I think that is a plain prop-
osition. And if that be so, I deny the power of
any part, small or laige, of the inhabitants of that
Territory to institute any proceeding that will le-
gally bind the people of that Territory, without
the previous consent of the Government of the
United States. Let me illustrate this. You start,
if you please, in the Territory of Kansas, a pro-
ceeding to make a constitution, and set up a new
and different government. The people of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas owe allegiance to the territorial
government so long as the Government of the
United States continues it there. Will any one
explain to me how, then, you can institute a pro-
ceeding there, without the consent of the Govern-
ment of the United States, that shall legally bind
—that is the word used here in debate—bind the
people to its consequences ? An inhabitant of that
Territory, as I said befoie, owes fealty to the ter-
ritorial government, and to nothing else. He can-
not become bound to any other governmental or-
ganization, complete or incomplete. Any such
obligation would be inconsistent with, and might
conipionnse, his obligations to the territorial gov-
ernment; and unless the Congress of the United
States pass an enabling act, and thus legally au-
thorize such a proceeding to be instituted—and
unless, in accordance with the authority thus con-
ferred by the Federal Government, to whom that
territorial government belongs, the proceeding is
earned on, it cannot be regarded as a legal pro-
ceeding, no matter what form it may have, and
you cannot bind anybody by it. All are bound
by the territorial organization, and this excludes
the possibility of their becoming hound to any
other, oi by any proceeding to build up another.
There can be no double allegiance or double ob-
ligation until Congress assent; and every move-
ment, whether in conventions, primary meetings,
or in any other form, stands, as to its legal char-
acter, on the same footing; and none of them
can rise to a higher grade than a petitioning move-
ment.
Mr. Chairman, constitutions have been made
without enabling acts. That is admitted. Con-
stitutions have been presented here that were not
made m pursuance of enabling acts, and that were
not submitted to the people, and Congress has
received them, and has introduced the Territories
presenting such constitutions into the Union as
States. We can do just as we please about it. We
have a right to receive all these applications as
petitions; and when we are satisfied, by any kind
of evidence we may have before us, that they ex-
press the will of the majority of the people, it is
right that we should receive them.
Cut, sir, I take the position, and had I time I
think I could make it plain, that it is impossible
to institute a proceeding in a Ten itoi y without
the consent of Congress, I care not how regular
it may be, which shall be legally binding upon
the people, so that, when it is brought here to
Congress, we, too, are bound to enteitam that pro-
ceeding, and admit that Territory into the Union
as a Stale. As I said before, we may receive the
constitutions presented, regarding tliem as peti-
tions; and it is all well if they express the will of
the majority. For what, at last, are all these
forms; what are your enabling acts; what are all
these proceedings which occur in a Territory, but
the mere machinery to ascertain the will of the
people? That is what we want, and all we want:
and when we have it, satisfactorily and beyond
doubt, it is our duty, if we act at all, to act in ac-
cordance with that will.
Sir, it is objected that the people of Kansas have
not properly made known their will. How have
they expressed it? They have expressed it
through the territorial government. We have
upon our table the protest of the Legislature, in
which they strongly condemn the Lecompton con-
stitution; and, <k as the representatives of the peo-
ple, in their name and on their behalf, solemnly
protest against admission under it." We know
this, that the people are not acting rebelliously,
and that the territorial government we have there
is in unison with them.
That is not all, nor the half. The territorial
government, believing that the Lecompton con-
stitution was a fraud, and obnoxious to the peo-
ple, passed a law to ascertain, without a doubt,
their will in regard to it; and that there might be
no uncertainty, resorted to a method of ascertain-
ing their will, which ought to be more satisfac-
tory to Congress than any and all others which
can be contrived.
Under the pains and penalties of an election law,'
and all the responsibilities it imposed, the people
were called upon to say, not tnrough agents or
representatives, but directly, whether they would
have this constitution or not to bind them. They
spoke at the ballot-box; they spoke with that
voice which makes and unmakes Presidents; with
that voice which made us; with that voice which
keeps the whole machinery of this Government,
and the State governments, in motion; they spoke
in their great, primary, and most satisfactoiy
method, and by an overwhelming majority con-
demned and rejected this constitution.
Mr. Chairman, where is the authority, where
the precedent, that tells us that this voice of the
people shall not be listened to in acting upon this ap-
plication ? I have waited with watchful ear to hear
it. What case can be cited, what doctrine shown
—how will any gentleman argue to show this
expression of the will of the people, fairly, prop-
erly, and decently made under the sanction of the
Government, to be illegal, and such as should not
be noticed here ? I cannot find it; I do not think
anybody can find it. Observe, sir, when we, m
our States, undertake to alter constitutions, we
do it under the restrictions of the old constitution.
The old constitution is our chart, and we proceed
in just the manner pointed out in it, or in a law
passed under it for the purpose. When we have
gone through the couisc so prescribed, the work
is ended and complete. Nothing more can ordi-
narily be done, and the new constitution goes into
operation; because, in such cases, the old consti-
tution, and the act passed for the purpose, bind
the people to the course pursued, and make it the
legal and only course by which to arrive at the
result.
Again: when we proceed in a Territory, under
an enabling act, then the enabling act furnishes
the chart by which we are to go, step by step,
presenting the course we are to take,and we can
take no other. Theiefore, if we depart from it,
oui depaiture, being contrary to law,is a nullity.
When Congress has thus passed an enabling law,
if it has been followed, Congress, then, should
admit the Tei ntory into the Union as a State. The
enabling act is not only an authority which jus-
tifies the proceeding in the Territory, but may be
regarded somewhat as a proposition or condi-
tional promise to make u a State, in case it pro-
ceeds and prepares itself for admission, m the
manner pointed out in the act. It is very clear
that Congress is not bound to admit, where it has
not previously passed such an act, and has entire
liberty to consider, and approve or reject the ap-
plication foradmission. Jkithere there is no con-
stitution behind the people holding them to a par-
ticular course, and no enabling law tracing the
line on which they are to move. But, in the lan-
guage of tiic Kansas-Nebraska act, they are left
"perfectly free" to do it, "in their own way."
