1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 suppose there is no objection
to the bill being reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it dd not pass.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not make that motion.
I am wiiiing that the bill shall be passed over in-
formal! v.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I suggest to
the gentleman from Kentucky that he will accom-
plish his purpose by moving that the bill be re-
ported to the House, with the" recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. GARTRELL. Imake that motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. \|fvell, I do not think we
ought to do that, if we intend to present the bill
in good faith. I have no hesitation in saying
that upon general principles I am in favor of in-
troducing railroads into the city. I believe that
they are one of the institutions of the day, and
should have consideration hero as well as every-
where else.
A Member. One ofthe "peculiarinsiitutions."
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir; a peculiarly ad-
vantageous institution to the poorer classes of the
people; and I want to know what good reason
there is why it should not be introduced into the
District of Columbia as well as any where else ?
Mr. WINSLOW. It iseto a question of order.
The gentlen^fn from Virginia has moved to pro-
ceed to the consideration of bill No. 56d, and I
hold that it is competent for a majority of the com-
mittee to lay this bill aside and take up that one.
The CHAIRMAN". This bill having been
taken up, the committee must make some dispo-
sition of it.
Mr JOHN COCHRANE. I move to strike
out the enacting clause.
Mr. BURNET F. t hope the committee will
indulge me for one moment. Here is a proposi-
tion made by a company for the purpose of run-
ning a lailroad through Pennsylvania avenue to
Georgetown.
The CEiAl RMAN. The Chair would suggest
that the pending proposition relates to the priority
of business, and, by the rules, is not debatable.
No question relating to the priority of business
is debatable.
Mr. BURNETT I appeal to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. John Cochrane,] if he is
friendly to the bill, to withdraw bis motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I withdraw it.
Mr. BURNE FT. 1 now move to take up the
next bill on the Calendar.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I object. I pro-
pose to take up the business before the commit-
tee in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Chair
has decided that that is a matter for the commit-
tee to determine.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit to the committee
to take up the next bill on the Calendar.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Does not that
require general consent? -
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that a
majority may control the matter.
• Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I would like to
hear the reasons of the gentleman from Kentucky
why he desires the bill to be passed by.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is not in order;
it is a question of priority of business.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I regard it as the
most important bill that has been before the House
to-day, and I think it ought to lie acted on.
Mr. G \RTRELL. 1 would like to know what
has become of my motion, and whether it does
not take precedence of the motion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky5 My motion is to lay asido
the bill, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that that
motion is not in order, unless assented to gener-
ally by the committee.
Mr. GARTRELL. That it requires unanimous
consent >
The CHAIRMAN. Yes; the other is aques-
tion in legard to priority of business.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. In making
that, suggestion, I do not desire to prejudice this
bill in any way, for, with my colleague, [Mr.
Florence,] I ain in favor of its passage.   My
desire is simply to expedite business, and to get
up bills that are not objectionable.
The question was takea on Mr. Burkett's mo-
tion to lay the bill aside and take up the next in
order; and it was agreed to.
FIRE DEPARTMENT- |
The committee next took up a bill (H. R. No. ;
568) to organize a paid fire department in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The bill was reported, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and I louse of Representatives
of the Unitei States of Jlme> it tr in assembled, Thstl
the act approved on tlie 2d of March, 1837, entitled u An
act to organize tine seveial lite companies in the District
of Columbia," be, ami the same is hereby, repealed ; and
that the corporate authorities of the cities, of Washington
and Georgetown, each for itself, and within its own limits,
shall have, and are hereby, invested with full power to or-
ganize and regulate a paid fire department* and to make all
necessary provisions foi the prevention and extinguishment
of fires; for tne lemoval from any fire of auspicious persons,
and of those who are di-obedient to the regulations of said
coi porations ; and lor the lemoval of such property as may
be necessary to he removed, or arrest the progress of any
fire. And the said coipoiatious shall also have power to aid,
protect, and obtain obedience to the officers in the service
of the fire depaitment. and to ptotect the members theieof •
whilst m the dischaige ot their dune* as firemen.
Sec. 2. -And he it further ent/Ued, That fiom and after
the oiganizauon of the paid hie department contemplated
by tins- act, tio vohiuteei fue compnny of any desciiption
shall exut 01 perfoim fnenien'* duties within the limits of
euhet i>rthe ciue.- of Wa-diinijtmi 01 Georgetown.
Skc. .1. ~lnd he it further cniz, ted, Tli.it the said paid fire
d"partment shall consi-t of at iea-t four steam fire engines,
with an appropnate outfit of men and hordes; and that the
sum of §15,000 h hereby appropnated, out of any moneys
m the Trea-uiv not otheiwise appiopnated, to aid the cor-
porate auntouties of the cities of W,Islington and George-
town m the piuctiase, equipment, and maintenance of said
engines.
Src. 4. j-lnd be if further enacted, That the sum of
$1:2,00.) is al&o heieby appropiiated, out of any money* m
the Treasuiy not oiheiwi-e nppiopimted, to aid the corpo-
rate authonttes of the said cities in the establishment of a
fire ataim and police telegraph.
Sec. 5. jind he it fait ker enacted* That all acts hertofore
parsed, inconsistent with this, act, be, and they are hereby,
lepealed.
Mr. GOODE. I move as a substitute for that
bill, the bill passed 011 the same subject by the
Senate, as follows:
That the act approved 2d March, 1837, entitled ' An act
to oiganu<j the several fiie companies in the District ol
Columbia,5 be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and that
tiie corporate authorities ot the cities of Washington and
Georgetown,each for itself, and v\ itinn in own limits,shall
have, and are hereby, invested with lull power to organize
and regulate fire companies and a fiie depaitment, and to
make all necessity piovisions for the pievention and e\
tinguishmeut ot fiie* ; lor the pre&eiva ion ot onler and the
ptoiection of piopeity at any hie ; loi the removal from any
lite of suspicious person?-,and ot tho-e whoaie disobedient
to the isolations ofthe said coipoiations ; tor the punish-
ment, by fine and impugnment, of such peison or peisons
as, being present, leliise to a>si>t and obey the commands
of the ptoper officer in extinauisninsi any fire; and tor the
removal ot such property as may be neee.-^-ary to be removed
to prevent or airest the piogress of any fire. And the said
corporations shall also have power to aid, piotecr, and ob-
tain obedience to the officers in command of the several
fiie companies, and to protect the members thereof whilst
in the discharge of then duties as fnemen.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, from and after
the organization ofthe fire departments respectively con-
templated by this act, no fire company of any descnption
shall exist or act as such, a.id no company shall exist or
perform firemen's duties under any other name oi desijriut- j
tion, within the limits of either nf the cities of Washington I
or Georgetown, wherein such fire department shall have -
been organized, unless such company be a part ol and at- !
tached to such fire department; and every person who-hall |
be found actimr in conceit with others in violation ot the ;
provisions of this section ^hull, on conviction thereof in the i
criminal court of The said Di-trict. be sentenced to pa}* a fine [
not exceeding £lU0, and to be impiisoned in the county jail j
loi a tei in not exceeding six months. ]
Sec. 3. .titul be it fu,titer enacted^ That all the fire appa- [
ratus or other property, including uiames. suction'-, ho.-e. •
hove-carriages, reels, hook and laiidei fixtures and carnages -
rn ine houses, and all other pioperty or implements aopn-
taniui" to a lire depai tinent, \s lueh may be u-ed b\ an\ fue i
compam within the limits of eitner ot the said ciUe- shall
be vested in, belong to, and be under the exclusive contiul ,
and direction ofthe cotpoiatc authorities ot the city within i
whose limit- Mich company exists.
Sk.o. 4 be it ;u> (her en acted, That evcty fire com
pany which maybe organized under the piovwon- of this
aet.'and of any city oidmance enacted m couloumtv thcie- j
to, shall be composed ot men not Jc—than t wenry-one years |
ot aire, who, upon emoiling themselves as mMmbei-,. shall j
be sworn to dischaige their duties faithfully and impm tiallv, \
and, having been thus qualified, each audeveij meinix-'i, j
when on duty at a fiie and weninur the insignia of his com- i
pany, or when proceeding to or returning fiom a fire, shall ^
possess the power and exeicise the duties of a county con- ,
stable in suppressing any affiay or not. and of apprehend j
ins, on view, and ot deliver.ng to a justice of the peace oi ,
other proper officer, all persons who shall disturb the peace i
or othetwise violate any ofthe laws of ibe cities or Di.-iriet ;
| aforesaid. And eveiy active member of any fire company
j shall he exempt fiom'mihtia duty in ume of peace, and al-o
' from Tin v dutj, so long as he shall continue an active mem- i
her a? afoie uid, and no longer , and of such membc-inp
a ceitifi-'ate, signed by the pietident and seciotaiv of Ins
fiie company, shall he deemed and taken a< -ufficient evi-
dence : Provided, That no more riian severity five petrous
shall at the tame tune be exempt odos members nfanv fully,
equipped engine company, nor more than fifty peisons
I shall at the same tune be exempt as members of any suc-
- tVon or hose company or hcrok and ladder company.
Sec. 3. Jind hn it farther'e^mtedy Thftt t-fee' members-&f
cverv fiie compnny orgamxed-fUid exisUUig'm iHifSUU'tieeof
the proviMons ofthis net, and of any city <jrdh:a ce
in aec<>idance he, v\a ^hulihavo power to elect theirOwta
couipany dtticers, iind .o fiame a constitution and by-laws,
not to be meon.-i-^tcm with this act, or any citv brcfinalivefc -
as aforesaid , ">nd each and every company shall have power
to enforce obedience to us constitution tmd by laws by flue
and forfeiture, and to collect ah suC'{, fines by warrant, to &e
issued by a justice of thp p^uue in the city where such com-
pany belongs, iti the name of said company; and the pro-
duction before the justice ofthe journal of proceedings of
such company, showing the record of the said fine arfifie*,
together with a certificate of the presidftntof the company,
attested by its secretary, that the person so fined has been
fined tor disobedience to the constitution or by*Jaws"(a3 the
case may be) of fire company, in city, ahaU
be sufficient evidence for the magistrate to issue his war-
rant, and, after having the party before him, to enter up
judgment arid issue execution thereon. And every sum or
sums of money collected under the authority of tins aet
shall be paid over by the officer or other person collecting
the same to the treasurer of the company, m the name of
which the warrant shall have been issued or money col-
lected ; and upon such officer or other person failing to pay
over the same, the said treasurer may recover the same by
wau.mt or .suit m his own name, for the use of the said fire
company, in the same manner as puvate d^bts are now re-
covered by law.
\ 6. Jlndbe it further enacted, That each and every fire
company, orgstnized and existing a< aforesaid, shall provide
a fund tor the relief of such member or members of such
company a« shall receive any coiporeal hurt or injury, or
coot tact any disease at oi in consequence of arry fire, and
bo unable to provide medical aid, or whose family orfami-
lies may be dependent upon his or their daily labor forsap-
poit,aud for the relief of the fanulv or families of any mem-
ber or members of -uch fire company who shall or may be
killed at or die in consequence of any injury received or
disease contracted at or in consequence of any fife, and
whose family or families may have been dependent uponlits
or their daily labor fursuppoit; arid the treasuier of the said
company shall, after having paid all the expenses winch the
said company shall have lawfully incurred, pay over to the
?anl innd the tesidue of alt fineseollccfd under the f-uthor-
uy of this act: Pi.mded, That if any member be expelled
fiom his companv he shall theicupon toifeit all the rights,
privileges, and unmiumies granted by this act.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The reason
of the Committee for the District of Columbia
reporting this bill as a substitute for the Senate
hill was, because the Senate bill simply proposed
to give the corporation certain powers over the fire
department as it now exists. In the opinion of
the Committee for the District of Columbia, the
present fire department is surrounded by so many
evils, which are almost incorrigible, that no sys-
tem (if legislation can be adopted which could cor-
rect the evils inherent in the fire department of the
1 city; and, therefoic, the committee propose to give
i the corporation power to establish a paid fire de-
j partment, and for Congress to aid them to a cer-
tain extent. Within the last few years, the Fed-
eral Government has invested an immense sum.
of money in public buildings in this city—build-
ings as large as any in the world—nominally fire-
proof. J twill occur, however, to every gentle-
man that he has heard of buildings, which were
nominally as fii e proof as this Capitol, beingcon-
sumcd by fire, or so seriously damaged as to ren-
der them utterly unfit for the purposes for which
they were origin-ally constructed. T believe that
$15,000,000, at least, will be invested in thisCap-
itol before it is finished. We propose not to estab-
lish this fire department, Tmt to aid the corpora-
tion in doing so in the purchaseof fire apparatus,
| &c. So far as I have conversed with citizens of
j the District, I have found that they desire the pas-
: sage of some such measure as this. I do notpre-
| tend to speak of the bill as perfect; but the pas-
i sjgeoi'somosuch measure is absolutely necessary
1 for the purpose of getting rid of a disorderly or-
: ganization, and putting the fire depaitmentexclu-
j sively under the corporation, and making it a
1 branch of the police department.
' Mr. STANTON. If I supposed that this bill
was to entail any further expense to the Govern-
ment, I should not be inclined to go for it. But
I I suppose all gentlemen are aware of the fact that
j the national Treasury now defrays a very large
j proportion of the expenses of the fiz-e department
j of the city in procuring engine-houses, engines,
! &c.; and the idea of getting rid of being taxed
i for our proportion of the expense, is entirely out
of the question. I have no doubt in the world
1 that volunteer fire companies are the most com-
! pjpto schools of rowdyism and disorganization
i and disorder and crime that can exist in any city.
| i beiieteall the populous cities in th.- count*y wd!
■ find it necessary to abandon the system of vi«lun-
! te,jr fire-companies, and establish paid fire depart-
I ments. I believe, therefor*', that this bill is de-
j cidcdly preferable to that coming from the Senate,
I which contemplates the organization of volunteer
