1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
33th Coxa...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Trippe.
Ho. of Reps.
Let me here dispose of the question whether
the Kansas-Nebraska act is what is meant by an
enabling art. Suppose it were. It marks out
no particular course to pursue* but leaves the
people " perfectly free;" and there is not a word
or line in it which forbids such action as the
people took on the 4th of January. On the con-
trary, its true meaning and spirit approve just
such action.
But it is not an enabling act. An examination
of it will clearly show itwas not so intended. It
merely declares the principle which shall be recog-
nized in that Territory-whenever, in the future,
they should be authon/eil to begin and prepare to
become a State. President Pierce, after its passage,
recommended that an enabling act be passed for
Kansas; and the entire Democratic party in the
last Congress, after its passage, voted for one, com-
monly known as the Toombs bill. And it is
proper to notice here that the effort of the last
Congress to pass the act referred to, was made
three or four months after the beginning of the
proceedings which ended in making the L^comp-
ton constitution; thus showing that the last Con-
gress did not regard those proceedings up to that
time, as legal and binding. If they had so re-
garded them, they would not have attempted to
supersede them by an act of their own.
Let me say, further, we have not only the known
and expressed will ot the people of Kansas, but
the la t expression of their will. Now, is might,
Mr. Chairman, especially if the constitution is
not legally alterable until 3tfG4, and if it be not
the will of the people; if they are in earnest about
it, and not indifferent; if it is a matter in which
they take a deep interest—is it miht to put this
constitution upon them? Let us remember wc
niv under no legal obligation, uuder no obligation
of an enabling act, under no obligation whatever
to do so. I here affirm, m my place, that if it be
done now, it will be done for the first time m the
history of this country. Never before has the
Congress of the United States forced a people
into the Union under a constitution which they
had expressly, and by an overwhelming majority,
rejected. I can understand how we might enter-
tain a proposition of this; kind, when we were not,
beyond all question, advised that it was, in fact,
withdrawn, if ever made. 1 could agree, in cer-
tain cases, to take their silence for consent. I
could resolve all doubts in favor of admission;
but here there is no silence, and wc are no tallowed
to doubt. We know—wc do not conjecture—wo
know that the people have condemned tins con-
stitution. We know that they condemned the
constitution, and the proposition fur admission
under it, before the piooosition was m tde to us.
They condemned it on the 4ih of January last,
and it was not presented here until the ;2d of Feb-
ruary. I repeat it, the act now sought to be done
has no parallel or precedent in our history. Where
is the authonty to do it? Where is the prece-
dents? I call tor them. We are told thai we can-
not dot an i or cross a t of a constitution, because
the people alone must make constitutions; and
yet we now undertake to put upon them an entire
constitution, which we know they have rejected
and do not want.
There are many things which have occurred in
that ill-fated Territory which I should be pleased
to present and lav bctore the sober judgment and
moral sense of tins House. I will not attempt, m
this stage of the debate to go into the history of
Lecoinptonism; ithasbeen often discusst d. Tins
may be said of it: It is charaet-.rm d by unfair-
ness, bad faith, and a total absence of integrity,
as a movement, properly and honestly, to make a
constitution for the whole people. Nor will I re-
fer to the acknowledged frauds which have been
committed by it, offensive to the South and offen-
sive to the North. But this I will say: theie is
nothing in its history which entitles it, m this tri-
bunal, to a judgment as by default, against the
people. It has no equitable claim to our consid-
eration.
Mr. Chairman, if there be a spot of land in all
our vast domain, in reference to which the South
should be especially careful to ask nothing which
does not seem fair, and where she should be anx-
ious to demand the utmost good faith and fairness
in the proceedings by which it was sought to in-
troduce it into the Union, that spot is the Terri-
tory of Kansas. The line of the Missouri com-
promise lay on that Territory for about the third
of a century, all the while an offense to the South.
It really did offend that section of the country.
It was effaced. The Southsaid that it was a stain
upon their honor. They complained of it as an
odious distinction that had been made against
them. It was removed, on that account, I sup-
pose. Northern Democracy aided in the move-
ment, and defended it. Thatisnotall. We had,
last session, an application from this Territory to
enter into this Union as a State, under a different
constitution. It was rejected with the aid of the
Representatives of the North. It provided for
making Kansas a free State: and was quite as
good a constitution as this. It was submitted to
a vote of the people and approved, but itwas not
rightly prepared. Although it would have made
that Territory a free State, the northern Democ-
racy assisted the Southand rejected it. Topeka-
lsm was condemned by the North". In the name
of the northern Democracy I demand that Lc-
comptonism shall not be forced upon us by the
South. Courtesy for courtesy. Good deed for
good deed. Kindness for kindness. Gentlemen
say, that wc object to the admission of Kansas
because it come* as a slave State. Would its ad-
mission be so pressed by the South, if it did not
come as a slave State ? Sir, such an argument is
unfair; and for one, let me say, that were a Ter-
ritory to come here witii a free-State constitution,
under just these circumstances, with .ill this un-
fairness and.fraud, with all this reasonable op-
position from the South, with all this history
about it which belongs to Kansas—and, more than
all, with this emphatic condemnation by its peo-
ple, 1, too, would condemn it. It seems to me I
would not hesitate an hour m opposing it. To-
pek&ism was rebellious; it hns suffered the death
penalty. Lecoinptonism is fraudulent, and judg-
ment 1ms been pronounced against it by the peo-
ple. Let it be executed.
I have heard m this Hall the declaration that
tills would be an empty victory—that Kansas
would be a free State very soon, and that the South
wanted a mere empty victory. Air. Chairman,
that is not what 1 want. This IIousc is no proper
arena for victories for the South or vrtories for
the North. I want neither. I want a victory for
the people; a victory for the principle of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act; a victory for popular sover-
eignty.
I would deplore the passngo of this Senate bill
in its piescnt form, d^regarding as it does the
lights of the people of Kansas. I would deplore
if, because of its possible effects upon that people.
You can give no assurance that there will U- no
trohble, no future wrong in Kansas, with this con-
titutun setup and such knowledge as we yet have
of the persons, who are to fill the offices of the
three great departments of the government. Let
us hope, however, that there may be peace; that
there may be no resistance to the people, no strug-
gle, and that ail may be well. Rut i would de-
plore it, also, quite as much, because of its prob-
able effects upon the more remote future and upon
the country. Lecoinptonism, I fear, will be re-
membered by the North quite as long as the Mis-
souri compromise was remembered by the South.
Be assured, it will make difficulties m the future,
and may embarrass the South when she should
not bo embarrassed. I would pursue a course that
should make peace and create mutual good will.
We have other Territories besides Kansas, and,
it may be, we shall acquire yet more, and ihose
in which the South will have a deeper interest
than in this. Tlow shall we manage them 3 .Again
and agenn, and often, Temtory after Territoiy
will come before us for organization and filially
for admission into the Union, as States. What
shall we do with them ? li,*rk! and we may hear
the bounding footsteps of one, even now, hasten-
ing to this PJall. Arizona is at the door. How
shall we organize her ? Shall we shackle her with
provisoes, oi shall wo crown her with popular sov-
ereignty? Shall we place it kindly and becom-
ingly on her brows, or shall we cru->h it upon
them, as a crown of thorns, a mockery, and the
prelude to another crucifixion ? Let ns not ap-
prove rlvs nii^r unf.'i rrna'e and miserable illus-
tration of popular sovereignty. It is unjust, un-
wise, and inexpedient.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. R. P. TRIPPE,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state ot the Union—
Mr. TRIPPE said:
Mr. Chairman: If we have grateful hearts, we
ought all to be willing to render our thanks to the
Giver of all good for the promise before us, that
this *4 harp of a thousand strings," which has
so long given out such discordant music, may at
last be broken forever. It has been tuned so long
by demagogues and fanatics to harsh and factious
strains, as to almost cause us to forget those nobler
anthems, which m former times swelled the na-
tional heart and gladdened the patriot's bosom.
And would, sir, it were vouchsafed to us, before
this vile instrument is cast away forever, to be
used, if possible, for viler purposes than those
to which it has hitherto been appropriated, that
some mighty hand, nerved by truth and virtue,
might sweep across its strings and perchance strike
from its snapping cords some melody which they
have not hitherto known, though it should serve
no other end than to revive the memory of the
harmonies of the past, and to remind us that we
were once brethren, and could politically worship
together, acknowledging "one Lord, one faith,
and one baptism." But,sir, I fear that the hand
of that minstrel lies cold forever;and, in looking
over this broad land, wherever 1 cast my eyes, I
see nothing hut his tomb.
Mr. Chairman, this Kansas question, this sla-
very question, has been the foot-ball of party and
faction long enough—used by Corddier and Jac-
obin until our country has been erected into one
vast revolutionary tribunal, before which every
demagogue and fanatic is dragging, as a prosecu-
ting Fouquier Tinville, every conservative; and,
with his moral proofs of guilt," is dismissing
him thence to the cnnriergcrip and the guillotine,
to be counted as another m the great holocaust of
victims that have already fallen undents murder-
ous ax. It is time for peace. It is time that the
voice of patriotism was once more heeded in the
land; and it is time, sir, that the fanatics and dem-
agogues upon this great question should die, and
die the death that knows no resuriection. Would
that I possessed the power of acting the execu-
tioner upon the great culprits !
Mr. Chairman, my colleague [Mr. Hill] upon
the floor of the House the other day, expressed
a sentiment which i have pnvately and publicly
expiesscd on all occasions; 1 have done it before
my own constituency at homo; I have done it in
private conversation to those with whom I know
J differ as far as from pole to pole; and it is this:
that slavery is not a question for discussion lieie.
If it is light, then one pottion of the country has
the right; if it is wromr, then one portion suffers
that wrong; and lie who stands upon this floor, in
the face of his countrymen and the world, and
abusesand slanders the people of one section be-
cause they have an institution which he does not
approve, and to which they have a clear constitu-
tional right, is unwoi thy his seat here, unworthy
of his constituency, and unworthy of the country
that protects him. The question of slavery, f re-
peat, Mr. Chairman, is not a debatable question
proper for th< .so Halls, and I will not enter upon
it. * When the effoi t is made,! pit ad to the juris-
diction, and will come up to ail the requisites of
such a ph'u by showing where the true jurisdiction
is, to wst: m the people to be affected by it; and
if you would sail claim to pronounce judgment,
I, for one, would pronounce that judgment as cor-
am non jud'ee and void, and a tyiannous assump-
tion of power over the rights ot those who have
both the right and the power to determine for
themselves.
Mr. Chairman, in dismissing this point, and
coming to the gieatone no v absorbing all others,
I big leave to say, that when any man declares
that one portion of tins Cnntedviacy could, would,
or ought to be subjugated by another portion, and
held as a subje1 t province or colony, and that,
too, because it refuses to be deprived of its most
sacied lights, he utters a sentiment which involves
