2372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
fire departments. It will be found not more ex-
pensive, as 1 understand it. The system of a paid
fire department has been resorted to by some of
the cities in my own State. My colleague over
the way, [Mr. Groesbeck,] from the Cincinnati
district, can tell how it operates in his own city.
Will my colleague from the Hamilton district tell
me how that city finds the paid fire department to
work in comparison with the volunteer fire com-
panies ?
Mr. GROESBECK. In answer to my col-
league, I will say that tf)e paid fire departmentin
Cincinnati, at this time, is considered more eco-
nomical than the old arrangement. I suppose
that, perhaps, at this time, the fire department in
Cincinnati is considered the best in the United
States.
Mr. STANTON. That was my opinion about
it. I have no doubt my colleague is correct. I
supposed it to be more economical.
Mr. GROESBECK. It is more economical,
in view of the amount of property it saves.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I would like,
with the permission of the gentleman, to read an
extract from the report of the board of under-
writersofSt.Louisupon the-paidfire departments
of Cincinnati and St. Louis, showing that it is
more economical. They say:
" After an experience of five \ ears we have found (he
organization everything that could be expected of it 01 de-
sired. Jt lias given peace, quiet, and satet\, lor not, law-
lessness, and iiir-ecmity, and tedueed the "annual avenge
loa&os by fire at least h.'ilf a million dollar • saving us m
the five vears not le*s tliuu two and a half million dol-
lars—taking the preceding: yeaisi for a comparison. The>e
tacts alone aie sufficient to wairunt if* continuance ; hut
beyond the«e we have the inestimable advantage it lias
been to the morals of the community, especially to the
young, by breaking up entirely Uiobe great semtu'aiies of
vice and immorality—the engine balls of a volunteer do-
pa) Unent tn a laige city.
" As to the eftuet of the organization upon the insurance
business, 1 bch< vo [ but uttei tin- sentiment of my brother
underwiiters, m caving that it has been most beneficial. It
has ho mateualiy diminished the lo<sesi. thai the balance is
laigely on the 1 l^ht ^ide ot the ledgei ; and weie the under-
writers to dav culled upon to pay th" whole expense of the
department, 1 believe they would cheerfully do so—were it
just and ughttodomand it ol them.and then business would
wariant it— rat he 1 tlmn return to the old system, with it 
levies of black mail, not, and ar-on.
"The expense of the paid department appears* consider-
able, but we sec all it is. Jn the old oiganiy-ation thete was
a constant sriies of levies upon the. community for eontnbu-
tions, and persons well acquainted with these matteis make
no hesitation in asserting that the amount of money thus
paid grcatlyevceoded the amount of the present dire* t t.i\ ,
to say nothing of the immense saving of property, siithcioiit
evcrv year to pay the tax lor five.
" Thcic is anothe! eoiistdeiatnui connected with our paid
department and steam tire engines. It is that of rovflntna
the fire,in almost ertnu )}i^tanre,lo the building in whirk u
on«inrttcif^ and, in the great matontv ol c;ws<, to the nirju
story of the building wheic it slatted. This I icgai d as one
of the most important ientutes of the present oigarn/.ation ;
for, except undei tliemo-t tin-uipposafilecasev. our city could
never he subject to tho-e sweeping eonllagtatiouH that have
laid wa^tc N<,\v York, Pitt-bury, and sSt. Loin-,. Sot?uongly
aie our citizens impiessed with this opinion that, except 111
rare circumstances, goods ate never temoved I'toiti buildings
adjoining one on flic, as the chance ot damage is so shylit
that thoy prefer to let them jemaiti, wrll knowing that n
fire, whether in a cellarer at the top of a seven-story build-
ing, stands no chance before our firemen and the Latta
steam fire engines."
Mr. STANTON. If the committee choose,
pro forma, to adopt the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania in committee, and lot it
go to the House, a test vote may then be taken
between the two systems in the llouse. I think
that would be a more satisfactory course.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope that course will be
taken.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio one question before he takes
his scat. He lias said that the General Govern-
ment pays a large proportion of the expenses of
the fire department in this city. Now, I wish to
ask him if he knows how much the Government
pays ?
Mr. STANTON". I do not. I only know that,
in the annual appropriation bills, items are in-
serted for purchasing engines, and for all the con-
tingent expanses of the fire department.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me a moment, 1 will state, as one item
of the expenses, that, at the last Congress, we ap- j
propriated the sum of £5,000 for the erection of a j
building for the Franklin File Company; and my |
impression is, that all the fire apparatus of the ;
city is owned by the Government. The fire or- 1
ganization of the city was originally made for the
purpose of protecting Government property. -I '
will state here that the introduction of steam en-
gines into the fire department of Philadelphia is
becoming so very popular that even the volunteer
fire companies in that city are supplying them-
selves with steam engines.
The amendment of Mr. Morris, of Pennsyl-
vania, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then laid aside to be
reported to the House, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Senate bill (No. 152) to incorporate the Wash-
ington National Monument Society, was next
taken up for consideration.
The bill provides that, for the purpose of com-
pleting the erection, now in progress, of " a great
national monument to the memory of Washington
at the seat of the Federal Government," Winfield
Scott, Walter Jones, John J. Abert, James Kear-
ney, Thomas Carberry, Peter Force, William
A. Bradley, Phillip R. Kendall, Walter Lenox,
Matthew F. Maury, and Thomas Blagden, (being
the survivors of the persons mentioned in a certain
grant, bearing the date of April 12,1848, by James
K. Polk, then President of the United States, in
virtue of a joint resolution of Congress, approved
the 31st of January, 111 the same year, of an au-
thority to eiecta monument to the memory of
George Washington, on reservation number three
in the city of Washington,) and also Archibald
Henderson, Jonathan B. H. Smith, William W".
Seaton, Elisha Whittlesey, Benjamin Ogle Tay-
loe, and John Carroll Brent, and their successors,
to be elected in the manner hereinafter directed,
shall be, and arc hereby, created a corporation
and body-politic, by the name and stylo of u the
Washington National Monument Society," and
contains the necessary details of incorporation to
enable the society to prosecute its objects.
Mr. DODD. The Committee for the District
of Columbia have directed me to offer two amend-
ments to that bill. One to prevent the corporation
fiom exercising banking powers, and the other
making the stockholders individually liable for the
debts of the corpuiation. I do not find the amend-
ments at this moment.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
amendments will, by general consent, be allowed
to go to the House with the bill, and that the bill
be laid aside to be reported to the House with the
recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let it go with that under-
standing-.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say in
my own behalf, m reference to the proposition to
make the stockholders individually liable, that 1
hope no such provision will be adopted.
Mr. FLOREjNCE. Jtis a usual provision ap-
plied to corporations.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The cases to which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania refers, are cases
of corporations formed for the purpose of making
money. This is to carry out a great national and
patriotic object, and 1 think it would be doing
great injustice to require the corporators to be
held individually responsible for the debts of the
corporation.
Mr. FLORENCE. The object is to prevent a
perversion of the purposes for which the corpo-
ration is formed. The object is to prevent it from
being made a money-making concern. I think it
a very safe and proper amendment, and hope it
will be adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will show me an instance like this where such a
provision is found, I will cheerfully waive my
objection—one single instance in the history of'
tins Government.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Not being of the com-
mittee that has charge of this matter, as a matter
of course, 1 know little or nothing of the history
of this bill. Without some explanation, I think
that it ought not to pass. If 1 understand it, it
seems to be a transfer without the consent of the
original proprietors or corporators or whatever
company they may have had, whether resulting
from an investment of money and labor, or a con-
tingency growing out of their being the benefici-
aries of sonic charity, whatever may be the nature
of it, it would seem to be transferred without their
consent to some new organization that is about
to he incorporated here and to work, so far as an
a<"t of legislation can, 0 complete divestiture of
that property. Such a provision ought not to re-
ceive the sanction of anybody. I move, there-
fore, that the bill be laid aside with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass.
Mr. GOODE. I will say, in vindication of the
committee, that the trustees and the men who
have made donations for this work, appeared be-
fore us and gave their consent to this proposed
change.
The question was taken; and it was agreed to.
So the biil was laid asid&to be reported to the
House, with the recomm/ndation that it do not
1 asiu^tc
ommynd
ISTKICT
ROADS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The next bill upon the Calendar was a bill (H.
R. No. 580) making an appropriation for the re-
pair of certain roads in the county of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. BURNETT. These roads lead by the in-
sane asylum. Congress has heretofore made ap-
propriations for them, which have been expended
under the superintendence of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, but the amount was not suf-
ficient. The levy court of the District of Colum-
bia had a survey made of the roads, and has pro-
posed that if Congress will appropriate a sufficient
sum for the purpose of putting these roads in a
passable condition, they will adopt them as pub-
lic county roads. In drafting the bill, the com-
mittee will perceive that I provide that not one
dollar shall be expended until there has been an
order on the part of the court, making them pub-
lic roads, and providing for keeping them up.
Mr. LETCHER. How have they been kept
up heretofore?
Mr. BURNETT. By appropriations from the
public Treasury. If you will refer to pages 7 and
8 of the report of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, it will be seen that he recommends the
appiopnation of this money. I move that the bill
be Lud aside, to be reported to the House, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNjE, of Illinois. If there are
one or two bills which are left to go over until to-
morrow, will they not come up to the exclusion
of all other business >
The CHAIRMAN. That will be a question
for the House to determine.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. It had better
be understood now.
* Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I shall insist on
the railroad bill being taken up to-morrow, if it
is not disposed of to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope, then,
that it will be disposed of to-day.
Mr. BCJRNETT. I hope that the committee
will take up the. railroad hill; and we will dispose
of it m a short time.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Geoigia. So much the
better.
Air. WARD obtained the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York, I desire to inquire-of
the committee why there is no provision m this
bill reserving to Cong)ess the right to annul this
charter? That has been usual in charters of this
kind, and tins is a pretty strong monopoly.
Mr. WASHBURNE,"of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman from Virginia whether, as this bill
now stands, this company could be sued in a court
of law ?
Mr. LETCHER. I say they can be.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They are not
an incorporation.
Mr. LETCHER. Here is a privilege of the
Government given away for a period of twenty-
five years, and there is no privilege reserved to the
Government to recall it for any abuse they may
perpetrate. A gentleman calls my attention to the
sixth section, which reads as follows:
11 *3rut be it farther enacted, Tli.it the penalty for a non-
fulfillment ot the obligations imposed upon said parties by
this act shall be the lorieituie of all the privileges hereby
granted "
Mr. WARD. That matter can be explained
in the course of debate.
Mr. COX. V/ith the permission of the gentle-
man fiom New York, 1 will move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Chairman, it is proper,
perhaps, that I, having had charge of this bill in
