810
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
33Th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Trippe.
Ho. of Reps.
a libel upon American history and Anglo-Saxon
blood, and is as credulous as lie who is spoken of
in Holy Writ, who " believed a lie that he might
be damned."
Mr. Chairman, I shall vote for the admission of
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution. The
question is put with a great deal of ingenuity and
force: will you vote for the admission of a State
with a constitution when a majority of the people
of that State are opposed to that constitution ? Sir,
if that were the sole point in this question, or if
it constituted the real gist of the matter, I answer
emphatically that I would not, and I would con-
temn the man, as much as any one, who would
avow the naked principle that ho would bo willing
to force any constitution or any government upon
an unwilling people. But I repudiate that as being
the test of my action or my vote, and think lean
plainly demonstrate that there are controlling cir-
cumstances surrounding this question, which ma-
terially modify the aspect in which the opponents
present it, and comes as near as the point can be
reached of estopping this great cry, that the will
of the majority is about being violated, and that
a constitution odious to that majority is about
being forced upon them.
Sir, I am willing to meet this matter and argue
it on the basis oil which the opponents of the ad-
mission of Kansas put it, to wit: that theie is a
majority of the people of Kansas opposed to this
constitution. There may be some difference of
opinion on that point, but I believe that the gen-
eral current is, that there is, in all probability, such
a majority. I will go yet further, and concede, for
the sake of argument, the very largest majority
that has ever been claimed. Some gentlemen on
this floor have said that majority was ten thou-
sand. That, sir, was the full vote against the con-
stitution on the 4th of January, withoutdeducting
any that were cast in its favor on the 21st of De-
cember. I see, sir, by the dissent indicated by
several gentlemen on that side, that they do not
claim this majority. Very well; how, then, stand
the numbers, according to their estimates? Six
thousand on the 21st of December in favor of the
constitution; of this they allege, as fraudulent,
twenty seven hundred—leaving thirty-three hun-
dred legitimate friends. For the sake of the argu-
ment which I make, grant it. On the 4th of Jan-
uary the opponents of this constitution they say
polled ten thousand votes, making six thousand
seven hundred majority against it. Yes, sir, these
are the figures according to their own showing—
that out of an aggregate vote of the two elections
together, of thirteen thousand three hundred, they
have a majority of six thousand seven hundred,
or more than three to one. And it has been pretty
strongly asserted that the proportion is still greater.
But certainly, sir, the above is sufficient to"satisfy
the most inordinate ambition on the other side 111
the way of figures.
Here, then, Mr. Chairman, according to the
claim of gentlemen of the oilier side, is a question
which not only present a state of matters that on
its face would be totally inexplicable, but which, in
reality, presents strange ami suggestive portents,
the true solution of which would not be favorable
to this great majority in this distant Territory; and
which, if fully explained, might reduce their loud
cry about fraud and violated rights, into a puny
whine, and that, too,affected, because they did not
get what, in reality, they did not want—a final
settlement of thus vexed question.
What, sir, is this case? A history may be writ-
ten upon it to give its full details, but 1 will state
it briefly. Four years ago by the legislation of
Congress, by the construction given to that legis-
lation, and by the excitement produced by it, the
peace of the country, if not the existence of the
Union itself, seemed to rest upon the result of a
struggle that was gotten up, whether slavery
should or should not be established in a certain
Territory of this Union, when it formed a State
constitution. It was a matter that should have
been determined peaceably and quietly, had pa-
triotism governed, but the fanatic and factionist ,
did not so intend. Every means was resorted to, j
and the very policy adopted that produced furor |
andexcitementamongstthepeople. Parties were 1
overthrown; a new and great one, great in its j
strength and numbers has sprung up, which has j
about taken possession of one half the countiy. '
The armies of Gog and Magog seemed to be
turned loose. The world stood on tiptoe to watch
the contest whether Kansas should be a free or a
slave State. So high and furious waxed the strug-
gle that it threatened civil war, and caused the
patriot to ask the question, where will all this end ?
and made the stoutest to fear that his own loved
Union might be involved in the result.
Mr. Chairman, in the midst of this confusion
and danger, the very identical question that had
gotten it all up, was in June last to be determined
by the people of that Territory. An election was
then to be held for delegates to a convention, which
body could frame the organic law of a new and
sovereign State, and which had sole jurisdiction
over the matter and could forever settle it. A
judgment thatshouldhave been final, at least until
that very people would have wished to open it as
they might have done when a State, was sought
to be pronounced. All parties were summoned
to the trial. Ample security and fairness were
guarantied, and the prayers of all true patriots
were rendered, that a settlement might be secured
which would give peace to a distracted country.
But what is the result? After the trial has gone
through, and the verdict pronounced, one party is
loudly protesting, and claims that an overwhelm-
ing majority, a majority of more than six thou-
sand is against that verdict. As a judge who is
to determine on this impeachment of this verdict,
1 demand to know, how it is, if there is the great
majority you claim, that such a verdict was ren-
dered ?
The answer, Mr. Chairman, to this question is
twofold. First, they say an unfair registry was
made; that a largo number of legal voters in sev-
eral counties were refused a registry, and hence
could not vote. I will not stop here to go fully
into the merits of this reply as to the facts, but
will say that the evidence is clear and satisfactory
that a large number of those who were not regis-
tered refused to be registered, and that some of
the disfranchised counties expelled the office! s who
were sent to make a registry. But t$ke the fact
as claimed, and you cannot make out, by the
greatest count that you can in reason reach, more
than some thousand votes in those disfranchised
counties. Granting, then, that these thousand
voters were illegally deprived of a hearing, and
there would still have been five thousand seven
hundred majority, according to the Opposition.
Why did these not vote? Why did they not,
when power was in their reach legally, stretch
forth their hands and grasp it? Why did they
not at once determine this vexed question accord-
ing to the will of such a huge majority, and give
peace to the country?
Sir, upon my view of the answer to this I rest
my action,and am content that it should determ-
ine the character of that action, whether it isjust
or unjust to those who make the plea. It is said
by that people, and by their strongest advocates
here, that they knem they could not gel justice, and
therefore would not conic, to trial; that they knew
fraud would be practiced, and right denied.
Mr. Chairman, it is but a poor plea that the
suitor for justice, would set up as a reason against
a trial, that he knows wrong will be done luni and
justice denied. It would not avail in any eouit
in Christendom. He would be told to defend his
rights and trust to the law and the revisory power
of the court or other tribunals to set aside fraud,
or to vacate a corrupt verdict, is the upp) ehension
of fraud or violence sufficient to vitrite any elec-
tion, from a constable's to the President's? It is
not pretended that this belief or fear was founded
on any threats or concerted arrangements, or that
there were any signs thereof; and the only pre-
tense set up was, that at the first election for a
Territorial Legislature, there were fraud and vio-
lence. It is simply contemptible to say that that
was sufficient in advance to vitiate any and all
future elections.
But, sir, there was a corrective power; there
was a power to have prevented the consummation
ofany fraud or any violence. That power was the
Congress of the United States, winch have full
authority to determine the final question of ad-
mission. Had there been an honest effort on the
part of all the legal voters to have been heard, and
by any means that were unjust and unfair the
lights of the majority were denied, 110 man will
pretend that Congress could not have intervened,
and even if it could not give at once full force and
effect to the will of that majority, it at least could
prevent the consummation of the wrong. It would
have been within the clear, legal, and constitu-
tional competency of Congress'to have listened to
such an appeal, and to have determined such a
question; and it would have been its duty to have
decided'according to the facts.
Sir, that was the course that should have been
pursued. It was the only course, to wit: to have
tried to "form their domestic institutions" ac-
cording to their own will; and, if unjustly pre-
vented, to have then appealed to Congcess to set
aside a fraudulent verdict—to grant a new tiial.
Mr. Chairman, will it be replied in answer to
this, that Congress was not to be trusted—that
faith was not to be placed in the Senate and House
of Representatives, and the President of the Uni-
ted States? Who would set up this answer? Who
alone is entitled to make it? Counsel cannot do
it without the authority and in the name of the
client. Gentlemen cannot do it here except in the
name of, and speaking for that part of the people
of Kansas who protest against the judgment. If
they make it, what spectacle do they present?
First, they impeach the authorities of the Terri-
tory, as intending to be guilty of fraud, and then
impeach Congress as being willing to become par~
ticeps in that fraud. They outlaw the territorial
authorities as unworthy of faith, and then pass a
general judgment of outlawry against the consti-
tuted authorities of the whole country, and chal-
lenge one and all as unfit to preside in the case.
Sir, I will not listen to such a plea. I would strike
it from the record as insulting and scandalous. I
would not formally pronounce upon that which
distinctly charges infamy on myself, on my asso-
ciates, 011 the Senate, and the President, and on
the whole legislative and executive departments
of my country. And yet, sir, that people to meet
the point made, to wit: that they should at least
have struck for their rights when the chance
was afforded them, are compelled to assume this
strange, insulting, and slanderous position.
I repeat, sir, that the Woe course for that people
to have taken, and for not doing which they can-
not complain of their self-imposed disability, was,
when this question was before them in the elec-
tion of delegates last June—had they been patri-
ots, and desired the peace of their country; had
they been true to the cause they proclaimed; had
they wished the whole matter settled " in their
own way," and just as they wanted it—to have
made at least the effort, as freemen, to proclaim
their will; and, had they fallen by wrong and in-
justice, to have entered their caveat, and appealed
to the proper tribunal against the fraud. There
would have been nothing unmanly in this; and
such should have been the course of patriots, who,
knowing their rights, will dare to try to socure
them.
Mr. Chairman, some time before this election
| in June, Governor Walker and Secretary Stanton
| were in Kansas, pledging and guarantying the
j people a fair and honest election, and begging—•
, ay, sir, imploring—them to vote, and let their
| voice be heard in determining the controversy.
| In my opinion, sir, in attempting this, lie even
went so far as to commit a great outrage against
their rights, and to make threats that called for
condign punishment; yet they would not vote.
Deaf to entreaty, to promises, to the true interest
of their own cause, to the calls of duty, they took
refuge in mere stubbornness; and, conceding their
great strength, they,like the giant,eitherwentto
sleep, or took the " sulks," until he was bound
' with cords, and then aroused with a loud cry
that his rights were about being violated. Let
that giant break those cords as best he may; I
do not think he has any strong claim 011 me to
help unbind him.
But, sir, in three months after the election in
■Tune—within three months after that election at
which was chosen the hotly who had power to
decide this exciting question—a change came over
the spirits of this recusant people, and without
any additional legislation, they went to the polls
ana voted, and that, too, at an election of by 110
means the importance of the first. They not only
voted, but succeeded, elected their Delegate to
: Congress, and the Territorial Legislature. That
