1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
Thus it will bp seen that of the 6,143 votes
counted m the "official returns," 2,720 were fraud-
ulent, which being deducted, leave but 3,423 votes
for the Lecompton constitution; and many of
these were doubtless of the same character as
those of Kiekapooand Oxford.
As there could be no vote given against the con-
stitution, the instrument was of course declared
to be adopted by a man whom the President calls
t( J. Calhoun, Esq.," and who was president of
the convention, and made by it dictator generally
in all the Territory.
The Legislature elected in October, in order to
ascertain the true sense of the people of Kansas,
passed an act submitting the Lecompton consti-
tution to a fair vote of the people for or against it,
for it with slavery, and for it. without slavery, to
be taken on the 4th day of January last. This
election was a fair one; and none but legal votes
were cast; and the proper officers, including Gen-
eral Denver, the Secretary and acting Governor,
certify to a majority of over ten- thousand votes as
being given against the constitution.
But the instrument, such as it is, and framed in
the manner it was, is now before us, and a bill
for the admission of Kansas under its provisions
has come down from the Senate, and now con-
fronts us on the Speaker's table. The President
recommends its admission; " thus," in his own
language, s< terminating the Kansas question,"
by 4< localizing the question of slavery." Idle
expectation this, of terminating the controversy
and localizing the question of slavery, by foisting
an execrated institution upon a people who revolt
at and loathe it. Let the President beware how
he attempts much further to oppress that people,
and to " ciush out" their most sacred rights, fie
will find that there is a point beyond which for-
bearance is no longer a virtue; and that his bayo-
nets, his patronage, his power and authority, will
form but a feeble barrier against that storm of
popular indignation which must be awakened,
wherever liberty has a votary, or a representative
government a friend.
There are some other matters to which I must
refer. An honorable Senator [Mr. Toombs] was i
understood to remark the other night, in reply to
the distinguished Senator troni my own State, 1
[Mr. Douglas,] that no Senator or Representa-
tive from the South had ever advanced the doe- !
trine that slaves could be held in the free States i
in defiance of their laws or constitutions. I think j
the Senator from Georgia mistaken. I well re- j
member the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. j
Keitt] us*h1 the following language, m a speech ;
which he made on this floor in 1£56: I
"The South hhotild epmblM) in the platform the prinei- j
pie that the ii?ht of a southern man to his slaves js equal, j
in ln leneth and lueadth, to the ) \cht of a northern man to j
hi- hor«o She <hould make the recognition of the right ■
full, complete, and indisputable.!J i
Sir, there is abundant evidence that this claim |
is quite genetally set up in the South. To say [
nothing of the claim made by a citizen of North i
Carolina, a Mr. Wheeler, a few years ago in the i
United States district court of Pennsylvania, or j
that of Lemmon, now pending m the courts of i
New York, 1 beg to call the attention of the com-'
mittee to the dicta of the Supreme Couit of the '
United States in the Dred Scott case, where the !
doctrine is expressly affirmed that slaves may be ;
held in the Territories of the United States under i
the Constitution of the United States, because the '
Constitution regards them as property. And Mr. !
Buchanan, m stating in his letter to Professor Sil- i
hman and others, what he understood to be the |
opinion of the court, says it is a mystery how it <
could ever have been doubted that'the Constitu- ;
tion carries slavery into the Territories. Why ? '<
because slaves are property under the provisions :
of the Federal Constitution*. Now, sir, if this be I
true, they are property wherever the Constitution j
operates; and no lesser authority, no mere State \
law or constitution, can make them anything but 1
property. No State can say that shall no* be prop- i
erty which the Constitution of the United States
says shall be. The inference is logical and irre-
sistible; and hencc the President, in his recent
message, informs us that Kansas is already a
slave State, as much so as Georgia or South Car-
olina.
Now, if it had happened that the Senator from
Georgia was litt,rally correct in his statement,how
very far would he have been from statinwhat is
actually claimed by the South! For, is there any
man who denies that the slavoholdmg members
of the Supreme Court, who read opinions from
which these doctrines necessarily result, m doing
so acted in conformity to the opinions of the
slaveholders? Is there a southern gentleman on
tlus floor who denies the doctiines enunciated by
those opinions, or who disputes the President's
interpretation of them? Not one. No, sir, not
one. And since this denial of the Senator, he and
his associates from the South have, m the most
formal manner, in the Senate of the United States,
by voting for the admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution, set up this very claim
that slaves may be held m all the free States, their
own laws and constitutions to the contrary not-
withstanding.
As this constitution is before us. I would like to
allude further to some of its provisions if 1 had the
time. While the Constitution of the United States
only requires that a Senator in Congress should
be a citizen of the United States for nine years,
no man can be Governor of the State of Kansas
unless he has been a citizen for twenty years; yet
I hear no complaints of this provision from the
" Democracy," who have professed to be the pe-
culiar champions of the adopted citizen. I can-
not, however, pass over the extraoidinary first
section of the seventh article, in regard to slavery,
l which declares that—
| " The right of propettv win-fore ami hiqhei than any eon-
! MUutiunnl sanction, ami the n ht of ihe ownei of a t-lavo
i to Mich slave and in inerfa-e u the same, and inviolable
| as the ri<.'ht of the owner of any piopcrtv whatevei ''
[ Here is a declaration that the Congress of the
; United States is called upon to indoise by vot-
; mg in Kansas as a State, as is now proposed, un-
j der the Lecompton constitution, that property in
slaves is higher than any constitutional sanction;
and every Senator or Representative who votes
for Kansas with this constitution must he held as
admitting that there is nothing m that constitution
incompatible with the proper institutions and just
policy of a State. This provision, it must be per-
ceived, is fundamental, and goes to {he very foun-
dation of civil polity of the inchoate State. If the
proposition contained in it be correct, there can
be no objection in admitting a State under it; but if
incorrect and unsound, it is so importantaud vital
as to form an insuperable objection to its admis-
sion. L>y voting to receive the State, wo declare
it is not objectionable, and that we do recognize
the correctness of the declaration of the; principle
enunciated in the section. It if; not like the or-
dinary provisions of a constitution, which we
might deem impolitic and unwise, and ovot which
we canno* control, as being entirely within the
province of the people of the new State; but it is
of that description which goes to the very founda-
tion of the State and determines its character, and
recognizes a principle which, if sound, affects
the people of every State in the Union: for if we
admit that it is true in Kansas, it is Que in and
for every State in the Union. Wc cannot admit
Kansas as a State without thereby asserting that
slavery is sanctioned by an authority transcend-
ing that of the people of the States, and which it
is not competent for them practically to deny.
The Senator from Georgia votes to admit Kansas,
and he thereby declares that it is the i ightof Kan-
sas to build its institutionsupon this central idea.
This idea is well founded, or otherwise. If well
founded, the State may properly be admitted un-
der it; but if not, it is so great an erroi. of such
sweep and importance, that no man can be justi-
fied in voting for it. It is manifest, therefore, from
what I have said, that a vote for the bill does, in ,
effect, affirm the doctrines which are contained in !
the Lecompton constitution. ^ :
Therefore it is that I say that all who vote for !
this bill affirm that slaves may be held w all the ;
States of this Union, in defiance of their consti- j
tutions and laws. I maintain, sir, that we have i
no light to admit Kansas under this constitution, j
It is admitted on all sides that we may look into ]
a constitution to see if it provides for a lepubhean ;
form of government. The provision referred to 1
in the Kansas constitution determines its char-
acter, whether republican or not. It asserts, in
the most unqualified terms, that slavery is estab- ■
lished by the lav/ of nature; that its loundauons :
are so strongly laid in the eternal and absolute
! fitness of things, that they cannot be shaken by
! any human enactments. If this right to hold
i slaves be sacred and inviolable, constitutions de-
\ nymgitaro,in that regard,merelyvoid; andgov-
;t eruments built on such denial are false. A gov-
i eminent established upon the principle, or recog-
1 nizing as fundamental the idea, that the right to
own slaves under it does and must exist, and can-
j not be impaired, assumes that every true and le«
j gitimate government must be founded upon"fhe
J cxistencc of classcs—a privileged class and a de-
! graded class. Such government is not republican,
but oligarchal. A republican form of government,
: if the principles of this constitution oe acknowl-
, edged, is false and impossible; and every attempt
i to institute a government on the principle of the
' equality of men, on the assertion that there shall
: be no inferiors before the law, no slaves, will, in
the end, prove a failure; for the great central and
efficient law, written by God himself, has laid the
basis of all government in the truth that men are
created unequal—part to be masters, and part
slaves. Admit Kansas, give your sanction to her
constitution, and you declare that the Beclaration
of Independence was a work, not only of 45 glit-
tering generalities," butof false generalities, and
the Constitution of the United States a stupen-
dous cheat; and the nation, instead of being a
Union of republican States, is butaConfederation
of oligarchies. No State, at the time of its ad-
mission, ever contained such a provision as this
slavery section in the Lecompton constitution;
and Congress has never before been called upon
to give such an indorsement as is now required
in voting for the Kansas bill.
| In regai d to the schedule: one peculiar feature
j of the schedule of this constitution will be ob-
j served in the provision which takes the entire
j management of the election for State officers, Le-
! gislature, &e., held on the 4th of January last,
I out of the hands of the territorial officers, and.
| placed it virtually m the hands of King Calhoun,
i the president of the convention, acting without
| any law for the punishment of the offense of get-
j ting up fraudulent, spurious, and forged returns,
I The stupendous and unblushing frauds by which
j Calhoun attempted to get possession oftheLegis-
| lature olected on the 4th of January last, have
j been fully exposed. The commissioners to ex-
j amine into the.se frauds, to whom I have before
j referred, state, in regard to one precinct, that—
i "Fioni the evidence taken before them, the boaid state
| that the iciuvns fiom the Delaware Agency precmet were
1 honestly made out by the officer* of the election ; and &-ub-
, <-equently tlnee hundred and lhirty-si\ names were forged
1 upon them b> or with the knowledge of John 1). TXendei*-
j son 5 and that John Calhoun wai pwti.pps crimhiis after
i the fact."
] This is the same John Calhoun, or " J. Ca!-
' houn, Esq.,"as the President calls him, who has
so Ions been holding the destinies of the Kansas
1 Legislature in his breeches pocket here in Wash-
ington. This is the man to whom this Lecompton
convention confided solely the grave and respons-
ible duty of conducting the elections in Kansas
in bis " own way," and 1 think it will be admit-
ted that he stands unrivaled in that line; his nat-
j ural talent in that direction has been improved
, by long and extensive practice. Indeed, he may
;! now be considered the ablest bodied vole counter
; " in this or any other country." But he has
recently been induced, either by the pressure of
j public opinion, or for the purpose of influencing
, action here, to write a letter to the editor of a
i newspaper in this city, recognizing the fraud at
I the "Delaware Crossing" precinct, and stating
that " certificates of election will accordingly is-
sue" to the free-State candidates of Leavenworth
county. Sow, sir, in view of the practices in
Kansas for tile last few years, m view of the pe-
, culiar provisions ot the schedule of the constitu-
■ tion, which provides that—
{* Tii ea-e of leniovnl. absence ot dKJnhiv of th" presi-
ident ol *'.u- ennveMifm to dtK'haig^ the duti^ herein im-
■ posed on him, the me-uK 'it pro fem\oie ot t!a> convention
shall pcrfuim ^ai<1 duts is. and in ease of nbscnee,ieltisal,or
disnbihiv ot the pi:,yio tempore, a c omimuee cons-^t-
, uisx of-e\en, m n mapntv of them, ^hail di^ehatsre the
duties lequnea or the piesident ot this convention "
And, m view of the further fact that Cnlhoun,
the president of the convention, is now "absent"
from the Territory, and is here m Washington,
and, therefore, has no power or authority to pet
m the premises, £ must confess I have my mis
giving.® on the subject. While he has words of
