1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S3
to settlers. And, sir, I now say to him, if my
wish could prevail in regard to the public lands
of this Government, the United States would never
part with another quarter section except to an
actual settler, and that at a very low price. Not
one cent of profit would I ever ask of the culti-
vator of the soil for the land purchased of the
Government. Sir, your wild lands are worth
nothing until they are made valuable by the toil
and sweat of the cultivator. It is his labor that
gives any higher value to your lands, and I would
so dispose of them that the cultivator should reap
the entire benefit of that enhanced value. And no
corporation should ever reap the benefit of the
bounties of this Government
Mr. WARREN. I apprehend that the best
policy I could pursue would be to incorporate the
speech of the gentleman from Tennessee into my
own. We entertain pretty nearly the same views,
only we have a different way of expressing them.
[Laughter.] I am very much opposed to, and
would oppose as strongly as any gentleman upon
this floor, this Government entering into specu-
lation with her land or anything else. I do not
believe the Government should be converted into
a speculating machine. I demonstrated my opin-
ion upon that subject at an early period of this
session; but, sir, in the language of the gentleman
from Tennessee, I think the Government, when
she owns public lands, ought to put them in a
position to be settled by the honest people of the
country. That is what I want. As the lands are
now situated along the line of the contemplated
railroads m Arkansas, it is improbable, if not ut-
terly impossible that they ever will be settled.
But let the gentleman from Tennessee come to
my relief in this behalf; let us pass these railroad
bills, and what will be the result?
Why, sir, the Government will have opened a
field to which her citizens may emigrate. Ark-
ansas is called a wild country. It is true, there
are some uncultivated lands in that country; and
yet, some of the best land within the limit of this
Government is to be found in the southern district
of the State of Arkansas—land capable of raising
from one to three bales of cotton per acre. But
they are unsettled. Why? Beeause the Govern-
ment will not speculate in lands? No, sir. It is
because the Government, whilejust to other por-
tions of Arkansas—while just to Iowa, Illinois,
and other States—and to the gentleman's own
State, has withheld an appropriation giving them
the means of carrying on what they, by virtue of
their labor, might produce. That is the truth
about it. That is one of the reasons why I thus
early desire to call the attention of the members
of this Congress to the bills which have been in-
troduced by my colleague and myself.
Now, sir, I stated that Arkansas was involved
in heavy liabilities. I stated that Arkansas was
indebted to this Government; and, sir, had I been
a member of Congress at that time, had I then
been connected with this Government, and had
the power to prevent it, neither Arkansas nor any
other State of this Union would have been at all
indebted to this Government. It is bad policy to
allow the Sjates to become indebted to the Union.
But so it is. Arkansas, by virtue of an unfoitu-
nate, though honestly intended,legislation in her
infancy, is involved in heavy liabilities. What
shall we do? Do we ask the Government to step
in and pay the debt of Arkansas? Not at all.
We want the Government to act towards Arkan-
sas as she has acted towards other portions of
the country. We want the Government, if she
can without loss, if she can by profit at the same
time, assist Arkansas in developing her resources.
What will be the result of the passage of the bills
to which 1 have alluded?
I have said that this road passes through the
best cotton-planting district in the country, and
yet thousands of acres of that land are unculti-
vated because we have no means of getting the
cotton to market. What will be the result $ Let
me tell you that by virtue of the enterprise and
industry of the people of south Arkansas, those
two roads are already partially graded, the one,
the Mississippi, Ouachita, and Red River rail rood,
ninety miles, and the other, the one from Napo-
leon to Little Rock, by the way of Pine Bluff, is
graded almost throughout its whole length. Now
make the grant, and we can buy the iron and
astonish the natives by the scream of the whistle
and the snort of the iron horse. The result will
be that all this fine land, about which I have i
spoken, will be reduced to cultivation. The result
will be that all the best citizens of the old States
of South Carolina, of Virginia, of Georgia, and
all,those States where slave labor is not now pro-
fitable, will flock to Arkansas; her revenue will
be increased, and she will be enabled by honest
labor to pay her debts.
But, Mr. Chairman, I desire to call the atten-
tion of another distinguished gentleman from Ala-
bama, to the proposition which I have been at-
tempting to discuss. I allude to the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands, [Mr. Cobb.] I
appeal to him because this is a matter of vital in-
terest to the State of Arkansas. This bill must
pass. It is a good State, if you try it. There is
abold, hospitable, generous,clever, andenterpris-
ing population throughout the State, and we want
to invite there more of the same class. I desire
to appeal to the gentleman from Alabama, now
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands;
and I say to that gentleman, remember how I
fought—1 had almost said, bled and died—during
the Thirty-Third Congress, in order that the Ala-
bama land grant might be reported and passed,
if it could be done. It was then reported, and I
apprehend that it has since passed, "As ye
would that men should do to you, do ye also to
them likewise." I fought for you, to get your bill
reported to the House. If it did not pass itwasnot
my fault. I ask you now to report this bill back,
and 1 promise this House that I will, when it
comes up, correctly inform them of the length of
the roads, the character of the country, and all
about it, and I hope sufficiently so to secure the
passage of the bill. I will not detain the House
longer.
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, I move that the committee rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. There are a number of
gentlemen who desire to speak to-night, and 1
move that the committee take a recess until seven
o'clock this evening, with the understanding that
no business shall be transacted. My colleague
and others have been trying to get the floor to
speak. Ik that motion in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. The question
is upon the motion to rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. Can 1 amend the motion?
The CHAIRMAN. You cannot.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to call the attention of
the committee to some of the points made in tho
argument of the honorable gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. driTMW,] in reference to the re-
peal or modification of the neutiality law. Two
points in his argument have not yet been replied
to, and I will briefly refer to them before I go into
the main question before the committee—that rel-
ative to the Americanizing of Central America.
1 refer first to the point made by the gentleman
from Mississippi, to the effect that the neutrality
laws of the country interfered with the manufac-
turing interests of our country, and that, there-
fore—if I understood his argument—these laws
were to be repealed. I have looked over the neu-
trality law of 1838, and I find that the third sec-
tion is the only one that the gentleman could have
had reference to. That section provides:
Cv That if any person shall, within the limits of the United
States, tJt out and aim, or attempt to fit out and arm, or
piocure to be fitted out and aimed, or shall knowingly be
concerned ill the furnishing, fitting out, and arming:, of any
ship or vessel, with intent that sueh ship or vessel shall be
employed in tiie service ot any foreign punce or State, 01 of
any colony, district or people, to cause orcommit hostilities
against the subjects, citizens, or piopcity ot'any foreign
prince or State" * " '■ evciy peison so offending
shall be deemed jruilty of a high misdeineanoi, and shall be
fined not more than "ten thousand dollars, and imprisoned
not more than three years."
Now I submit to the gentleman that the fitting
out and arming of a vessel means, of course, the
preparation of a vessel of war, and has riot the
construction which he would put upon it, and
which would affect our ship-building and other
manufacturing interests. I also insist that, al-
though the law does prohibit the fitting out and
arming of a vessel in any of our ports against a
nation with which we are at peace, it does not
preclude the right of our citizens to construct
ships of war, to"ma'.jfacture arms, or otherwise
to carry on their usual avocations. In case of
war Colt may f.ell to one or both of the belligerent
Powers his revolvers. Sharpe may manufacture
and sell his rifles; and our friends in Massachu-
setts and elsewhere, who are engaged in the con-
struction of ships, may build vessels for them. I
see, therefore, no reason oil this ground why the
neutrality law should be repealed. Our artisans
are free to manufacture and sell; and the only
risk or drawback they would encounter would be
the danger of such articles being taken in transit
as contraband of war.
The other point taken by the gentleman from
Mississippi, and not replied to, is, that our peo-
ple sympathize with other nations in their efforts
to secure liberty; and they should participate to
the fullest extent in efforts made to secure their
political rights; that wherever a people is engaged
m asserting that right this feeling manifests itself
among our citizens; and the gentleman says that
this sympathy ought to have full,unlimited scope.
I would be the last person to wish to destroy or
impair such a sympathy among our citizens. It
is part and parcel of our education. We were
taught it in our cradles. It was on this continent
that the great rights of man were first inculcated.
Here it was that the great principles of personal,
social, and civil liberty were first understood, and
enunciated to the world. It was on this conti-
nent that the principle was established that the
sovereign power rested in the people, and not in
the prince. It was here that this great principle
was first established, and here, I trust, it will be
fostered and maintained.
Now, although I agree with the gentleman from
Mississippi that this sympathy is worthy of being
fostered and cherished, yet, at the same time, like
all other principles, it needs the restraint of law.
Have we not had evidence of this truth from the
earliest history of the country ? Have we not had
evidence that this sympathy which the gentleman
speaks of needs restraint ? The very argument
of the gentleman seems to me, therefore, to be
in favor of a continuation of the neutrality law
which he desires to have repealed. It was that
disposition of our people—to go and endanger
their own lives, and to compromise the peace and
safety of this country—that induced and gave rise
to the neutrality law.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. X desire to state distinctly
to the committee and to the gentleman from Iowa,
in answer to many arguments that have been ad-
vanced, that I do not seek the repeal of sfll the
sections of the neutrality law. My bill, which
gentlemen refused to have read, does notcontem-
plate the repeal of any sections of the neutrality-
law but those which I believe are not in accord-
ance with the constitutional powers of the Gov-
ernment. It seems to be a common mistake on
this floor, that I seek by my bill to repeal the sixth
section of the law forbidding military enterprises
or expeditions from departing from our shores.
Sir, there is no such proposition in my bill. I
merely seek to have the matter so plainly laid
down as to place its meaning beyond the reach of
doubt; and in that explanation 1 hold that the en-
terprise must be a military one, or else it is not
punishable by our laws. Another feature of the
section is, that the expedition must be intended to
depart from one of our own ports and not from a
| foreign port.
I I beg pardon for interrupting the gentleman,
j but as I do not intend to speak again on this sub-
ject on the matter of reference, I desire that I may
notbemisunderstood. 1 seek only to repeal those
| features of the law which I regard as unconstitu-
| tional and as tending unnecessarily to trammel
I American enterprise, American industry, and
American progress on this continent. I have not
sought to repeal that feature which prevents mili-
tary organizations from being got up in the United
States, but simply to modify it and place it be-
yond doubt, so that neither the judges of theiand,
nor the President, nor the executive power of the
land, nor Congress, should remain uncertain as
to what the meaning of the law is.
Mr. CURTIS. I am glad the gentleman from
Mississippi has defined his position, and I am
glad to have an opportunity of enabling him to
do so. I would be willing myself to see such a
modification in the neutrality laws as to define
more distinctly the crimes specified in that section
of which he speaks, because, as the gentleman
states, all the provisions of a criminal law should
be clearly defined, so that a man may know how
far he may go, and how far he may not go. I
