264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
believe that a man has the right to expatriate him-
self if he chooses.
I believe that men may go to foreign countries;
may expatriate themselves singly, or in compa-
nies of two, three, or more; but, at the same time,
if such movements become general, and the par-
ties are associated together for purposes of foreign
aggression,then individual acts,being aggregated
and applied, should be regarded as an act of war;
and such zeal would then find proper restraint in
the application of this sixth section of the act of
1818. I believe the provisions of that section, or
similar provisions, should be still in force, be-
cause it is necessary for the maintenance of the
great principle, that while we will maintain the
institutions of our own country, at the same time
we will keep on terms of peace and good will with
all the other nations of the earth.
This sympathy, therefore, must be restrainod
by law, and it should,as the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi says, be clearly and distinctly defined.
General Washington, without any specific law
of the United States Government on the subject,
found the power, under the lciw of nations, to re-
strain the sympathy which was manifested for
such expeditions during his administration,andin
so doing ho gave offense to some of his friends in
France, who were engaged in the French Revolu-
tion. Bis Farewell Adds ess vims especially earnest
in cautioning us against all entangling alliances.
"When Jefferson came into power he very soon
found the sam* necessity of restraining tins sym-
pathy, v.iuch had ihen partaken of a spirit of am-
bition. He found that it was necessary to control
the sympathies of the people of this country in
order to prevent them from going on an expedition
against Mexico. I refer to the expedition of
Aaron Burr, which was attempted to be earned
with a high hand. It was restrained and broken
up by Jefferson, long befoie the existence of the
neutrality laws. He exercised this power to re-
strain American citizens in 3807, although the
present noutiality act was not passed till ItflB.
And so with regard to Monroe wfeen ho came
to be President of the United Slates. These sym-
pathies were manifested not m the ranks of our
own citizens, but the consequences are of pecu-
liar interest to the people of the sunny South,
where the present excitement seems most preva-
lent.
Citizen Gre^or MeGioggor, calling himself a
brigadier general of Venezuela, New Granada,
and commander-in-chief' of die army of deliver-
ance lor the two Florums, (Mine to our southern
shore vi.h ihe.;e and other high-soundn": tides,
and Kind1 da foiveon Ameua Island ot the mouth
of the St. Maiy's uver. Although he at^'ited
that he <Mme commissioned by the Suptem< Gov-
ernment of Mexi'.o and youth Am< rtea, and al
though Amelia Island was in the dominion of
Spam, President, .Monroe sent the army and navy
and removed him, avowing the act m hw ni"s-
sage, and making su^huent explanation to Spain
by averring, that m taking possession of Amelia
Island, it iuul not been e.is purpose to conquer
any portion of Spanish pod.
The fictions of lav/ and arsumpfions of power
by Mc(Jie gor, like thoM' of Genei.il Wjliiam
\Valker, weie too tmsnnrent and fiad to admit
even of ymmadvcr.-ioti from any of the vinous
Powers that mnrht have espoused the cause of
this lawless disturber of the peace of nations.
Up to dm present day it has not been regarded by
Spam, or the Slates of Mexico and South Amer-
ica, that, in Gripping McGregor of ins flimsy as-
sumptions, the President committed a gieat out-
rn£v>,, and his ornceis w< re not denounced or
t4 dnchart/ed '' for the part the}' took in the atfair.
The President a-'sumed it as Ins act, the act of
the county, and he excused it before the people
<>f Spfi-u by taring ihathe did notnuend to usurp
the power of .Spam ; that he did notmtend to make
a conquest of her sod, but to prevent [his kind of
marauding which an individual had set up against
Spain, against the Owof nations, and a^ansi the
peace of the world Such m-e some of the re-
straints on svmpathy \\MeI< turn pred in this
countryprev;ous to the t ir-.c'nienT or 1:^1 S. More
recently, and since the < u.;<.t!-ie;-,t of lh" lav.* of
1818, we havefi i qo-'mtlv i'<unit o- e to exeii
the wh\>iesojne umuhiI-s >A :h,s neuu.tlity !j\v.
_ Do yoa not roooim-'t the , x- m i i.r... oi«a
time prevmlod on our lmniuin fion:i<r, vium
Canadian patriots assumed the powers and titles
of commanding generals, and commenced ma-
rauding and battling for power, under the pretext
of delivering the people of Canada from their vas-
salage to Great Britain?
Do you not recollect that this deluded zeal on
our shore provoked an assault by British subjects
on our domain? That a band of Canadians, at
dead of night, came to our shore, and cut the
steamer Caroline from her moorings; set her on
fire, and sent her drifting, in flames, down the
dreadful cataract of Niagara? And why was not
ample and ready reparation granted by England,
but because there was some excuse for the zeal
of those who committed the act, who knew the
Caroline had been engaged in transporting our
citizens in their violations of British soil? Thus
the peace of two great nations was not only per-
iled, but almost destroyed, by the acts of a few
men who claimed a right to use legal fictions,
which would escape the penal statutes made to
preserve our friendly relations.
To the honor of this country, the Canada diffi-
culty was soon silenced by the eneigy of Govern-
ment and discretion of General Scott; and thus
the excesses of sympathy and patriotism found
a wholesome- check by the enforcement of this
law, which now seems too stringent for some of
the political schools of this eventful age.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Iowa will
yield for that purpose, I will move that the com-
mittee rise.
i\Tr. CURTIS. If it is the wish of the com-
mittee, I would as soon conclude what I have to
say to-morrow.
Seveial Members. No, no; go on now.
Mr. COX. I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 57, noes 30.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Piielps reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the annual message of the Pres-
ident of the United States, and had come to no
lesolution thereon.
On motion of Mr. PHILLIPS, the House then
(at live minutes before four o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wr.DXESDAY, Jaiiuaiy 13, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Gkorge D. Cummins, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
llfi na rv committee.
The VICS PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Ff.s-
st:\7i)5:n to fill the vacancy tn the Committee on
the Library, occasioned by the wuhdiawal ofMr.
I Luster.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
1 Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Jeannctte
[I. MeCali, widow of James McCail,an officer in
the tevolutionary army, praying to be allowed a
pension and bounty land; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented foi ty-five petitions
of wtizens of Philadelphia, remonstiating against
the location of the post office of that city, m the
building lately occupied by the Bank of Pennsyl-
vania; which were leferred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memorial of A.
P. Robinson and others, composing the Wash-
ington Iron lavement Company, praying Con-
gress to authorize a contract with them for laying
an it on pavement on Pennsylvania avenue; which
was referred to the Committee on the Disuict of
Columbia.
lie also presented the memorial of Alexander
Randall, executor of Daniel Randall, praying
I f; r the payment of a balance of the commission
j claimed by him for collecting and disbursing
money in behalf of the Government, during the
late war with Mexico; which was leferred to the
Committee on Military A/fairs and Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented a pe-
tition of citizens of Fayette county, Indiana, pray-
ing for the enactment of a law granting to each
head of a tduul/a homestead of one hundred and
si.vty of land out of the public domain;
vhnh \va« refcrud to the Committee on Public
Lauds.
Mr. SUDEfJ, presented a petition of mer-
chants of New Oil 'ans, praying for an appropri-
ation to binld a steam-cutter for the protection of
the' revenue and commerce of that port; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Aaron
Van Camp and Virginius P. Chapm, praying for
an indemnity for the illegal seizure and confisca-
tion of their property at Apia, in the Navigator's
Islands, by Jonathan S. Jenkins, United States
consul to those islands, under the pretext of au
thority derived from his office of consul; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I present the
petition of Edward N. Kent, of the city of New
York, who states to the Senate that he is the in-
ventor of a new and useful apparatus for separat-
ing gold from foreign substances, the exclusive
right to use which has been secured to him by
letters patent, according to the laws of the United
States; that, by order of the Director of the Mint,
with the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, this improvement has been introduced into,
and is used, and is now in successful operation
for washing sweep at the United States Mint in
Philadelphia, the United States Assay Office at
New York, and the United States branch mints
at. New Orleans and San Francisco.
He states, too, the very pleasant fact that there
is a saving to the Government in the mints, so far
as heard from, annually of §7,000 by the use of
this invention, exclusive of the branch mint at
San Francisco; that the savings would amount,
so far as ascertained, to £>120,400 in fourteen years,
the teim of his patent, and including the mint at
San Francisco, the whole saving to the United
States would be ^240,800; and what is unusual in
these cases, he proves these facts, so far as they
are capable of proof, by the testimony of the offi-
cers of all the mints and assay offices of the Uni-
ted States. He submits to Congress a prayer that
they will make him a just compensation for the
use of his invention, which he estimates at the
moderate sum of $20,000. I commend his appli-
cation with all my heart to the attention of the
proper committee, w Inch I suppose to be the Com-
mittee on Finance. I move to refer the petition
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER,it was
Ordered, That the petition of .Joseph C. G. Kennedy, on
the files of the Senate, be lefeired to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of lieutenants in the United
States revenue marine eemce, who were attached to the
naval squadron in the Florida war of 1836, on the riles of
the Senate, be referied to the Committee on Naval Affaus.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the executoi of Daniel Ran-
dall. on the files of the Senatp, be refeired to the Committee
on Military Allans and Militia.
Oil motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdiaw the petition
and paper* of S. W. Aldnoh and other officers of the Tam-
pteo Mounted Hanger*.
On motion of Air. SLIDELL, it was
Oidercd, T3i.it the petition of Joseph Menard, on the files
of the Senate, be refeued to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Oidercd, That the petition of Jos ma Shaw, on the files
of the Senate, be lefeired to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad
Company, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be icfcrred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred, on the ISth of December,
a bill from the Court of Claims, for the relief of
James Beatty's personal representative, with the
report of the court m favurof the claim, reported
the bill (S. No. 57) without amendment; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAVJS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
petition of James G. Benton, the petition of E.
13. Babbitt, and the petition of James Longstrcet,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
59) for the relief of James G. Benton, E. R. Bab-
bitt, and James Longstreet, of the United States
Army. The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the repoit was ordered to be printed.
