312
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th'Con'g....1s-i
Affairs of Kansas—Mr. Morse.
Ho. of Rep;
pie, I dare not sacrifice; short of a surrender of
rights, which would be degradation—I would be
willing to adopt any honorable course to give and
secure that peace to a distracted country. I shall
take this step, and give this vote, hoping, if it
succeed, that peace may come. As it is, I know
full well we have, it not. The old vessel is cabled
fast to the shore, as if to a " body of death, "strik-
ing heavily on the rocks that surround her. She
cannot part that cable, and go out to seek deeper
and safer waters. There she is, bound by this
Gordiah knot. As a pilot or mariner on board,
it is on me to join in decidingwhatshallbe done.
It may be a dangerous attempt, for serious threats
are made; but, risking all, I would cut that Gor-
dian knot, turn loose the ship, hoist sail and strike
out for more quiet waters, where the winds of
heaven may fill her sails, and send her on her
way rejoicing.
Let the deed be done; and give the patriot's
prayer—God speed her, and send her safe deliv-
AFRUltS OP KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. F. II. MORSE,
OF MAINE,
In the House op Representatives,
March 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. MORSE, of Maine, Raid:
Mr. Chairman: Daring the discussion which
has been going on here for so many weeks on the
question of admitting Kansas into the Union
under the Lecompton constitution, much has been
said by both sides on the general question of sla-
very and its influence over the prosperity of the
country. I shall not enter upon t\ discussion of
these topics now, but hope, on som'"* future occa-
sion, to have an opportunity of being hoaid in de-
fence of free labor, and in an attempt to illusfiotc
its elevating influence on modern cmh/.ation.
But in this debate 1 do not think it wise too far to
divert attention from the real issue tendered, and
lose sight for a moment of the wrongs of Kan-
sas and the crimes of her enemies. In what 1
propose to say, therefore, T shall confine myself
strictly to the question before us, and attempt to
chow that this instrument, railed the Lccompton
constitution, did not originate w ith the people of
Kansas:, or come from any legal r/.i d body of men
elected'by, or recognized by them.
The admission of a new State, to our still young
and growing family of stahvait Suites, ought el-
ways to bean occasion of much interest. It is
not a union of one old country to another, vener-
able from age and made weak by worn-out insti-
tutions, but ir, is the birth of a new State, mured
andgiovvnup in the wilderness, wheie the lights
of civilization have never befoie shone. And
when, in the formation of a new State, our form
of fresh and vigorous civilization, w.ih its free
industry, free institutions, and self-government,
spreads and expands to the waato places of the
earth, it ought to be a cause of joy to the whole
land, and to all lands where civil and religious
liberty is known and tolerated. We have now
ponding before us a proposal to admit anew State,
where, but a few years ago, the Indian and the
buffalo were lords of the foiest, and the only dis-
putants of empire; wheic the music, of machinery
and the hum of civilised industry have ;-ilenced
the Indian war-whoop and the tramp of the buffalo,
it is true, sir, her star hns not risen on an unclouded
Kky; storm and tempest have hung around her
pathway, and her young heart giown strong and
bold midst the fire and blood of oppression. But
her courage and devotion to liberty will conquer
<i!l. The dark clouds that hang over her will soon
disperse, and leave a bright and glorious future
before her.
In considering this question I shall indulge in
no fino-spun theories as to the obligation of a con-
stitutional convention of a Territory to submit
its work to a ratifying vote of the people, in all j
cases, or the independence of such convention of j
the people, as some have argued, or whether the
Nebraska and Kansas bill was an enabling act;
nor shall I calculate the number of States which
have been admitted without the ratifying vote of
the people. All such, in my judgment, are out-
side questions, and can only mistify and lead
astray, or, at best, form a poor and pitiful apol-
ogy for disregarding the wish of Kansas, and de-
priving her people of their rights.
The reai and substantial question is, where did
this Lecompton'constitution come from? and do
the people of Kansas unite on it, and ask to be
admitted into the Union under it? If they do not,
and a clearly ascertained majority of them oppose
it, and decline to make it the constitution of Kan-
sas, and live under it, then we are setting aside
and overturning the whole theory and practice of
American governments. You are uprooting the
foundations upon which the whole fabric of Amer-
ican liberty rests—the principle of self-govern-
ment; and forcing a constitution and institutions
upon the people of a State under which they are
determined not to live. There never yet has been
a new State forced into the Union contrary to the
wish of her people, and with a constitution they
detest. In every case of the admission of a new
State, up to this time, the people of the new State
have been allowed, not as a privilege, but as a
right, to form their own constitution. When the
Congress of the United States departs from this
great American principle,and permits the national
Executive to encourage, and, with military power,
protect a wicked faction in imposing an obnox-
ious constitution on a free and intelligent people,
thnie is an end to self-government, and the be-
ginning of despotism.
Now, sir, what has been the desire, the action,
the control of the party in power, mainly thrqugh
its Executive and its instruments in Kansas, in
molding the affairs of that oppressed Territory, in
controlling her people, in preparing her laws and
this constitution, and in forcing them on a con-
tinually protesting people? Did this instrument
come, through any of its stages, from any legally
oiganized body, or association of men, in which
the* people of Ivansax were fairly and legally rep-
resented ? It is to a con.-adcration of these points
that I wish mainly to address myself duiing the
brief hour allotted mo under your rules.
I declare fenrle^yly, and with afull knowledge
of what 1 say, that the fust and last, and almost
every intermediate act of the Central Government
and it agents in Kansas, in controlling her people
and molding her political and civil institutions,
was a violation of her legal rights, and of justice
and humanity. That usurpation and tyranny
have reigned there, under the protection of this
Government from the beginningto this very hour.
And now, sir, go with me over the leading official
acts in that Territory during the last four years,
and see what proof we can discover to sustain
these allegations.
You started with the clear, unmistakable pur-
pose of making Kansas a slave State, otherwise
there was no definite object m the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. Such was the oft-iepeated
deelaiuuou of your partisans in Kansas, such is
the testimony of Governor Geary, and the entire
territorial history of Kansas. The first election
held in the Territory under the law establishing the
Territory, was on the 29th of November, 1834, for
a Delegate to Congress. The law of Congress re-
quired voters to he " actual residents" of the Terri-
tory. The whole vote thrown, legal and illegal,
was two thousand eight hundred and thirty-throe;
of these Mr. Whitfield received two thousand two
hundred and sixty-eight, about one thousand
seven hundred of which were illegal, and only one
thousand one hundred and fourteen legal. But this
has no other bearing on the case under consider-
ation than to show that the government of the
Territory was begun m fraud, and that the first
election held there was controlled by non-residents
and strangers.
Preparatory to the first election to the Territo-
rial Legislature, a census of the inhabitants and
a registry of the voters were taken. This was done
without excitenicnt, was full and fair, and in-
cluded about all the inhabitants at that time re-
siding within the Territory. The return of this
census was made on the J^th day of March, 1855,
and gave eight thousand five hundred and one in-
habitants, two thousand nine hundred and five of
whom were voters. The election for members of
the Territorial Legislature was held on the 30th
of March, 1855, one month after the census was
taken. This was an important election to the citi-
zens of Kansas, by far the most so of any to be
held there during their territorial condition, as it
would establish a code of laws for their govern-
ment,and shape and guide, for a time, if not settle
permanently, her future policy and institutions.
If the legal voters, the actual residents, had not
been interfered with from without, but been left
to manage their own affairs in a peaceful and legal
manner, all would have gone on harmoniously,
and peace and prosperity walked hand in hand.
But, unfortunately for Kansas and the credit of
the country, this was not the case. An armed in-
vasion was organized in a neighboring State to
control that election. Preparation for this most
extraordinary event had been going on in Mis-
souri for many months, and many of the leading
citizens and presses of western Missouri were vig-
orously urging on these preparations. Let me give
an extract from one of these papers, as a sample
of the border editorials of that day. The Weston
Reporter, of March 29, 1855, one day before the
election, says:
" Oui minds are already made up as to the result of the
eloction in Kansas lo-mcurow. The pro-slavery party will
be triumphant, veprciuinc,m liem lye veiy preei net. Should
the pro-slavery pariv Tail m tins contest^, it will not bu bo-
cause Missouri has tailed to do her duty to assist lucud^. It
is a safe calculation that twotkousanrl squatters have p.v--<'d
over into the promised land jromthis part of the State uUhin
four days."
This is true, sir. They did march across the
State line into the Territory at this and other
points by thousands, and were distributed over
the Tcintory to the several ballot-boxes in such
numbers as were required to control the vote of
each. And these foreigners and enemies of free
Kansas did control every ballot-box in the Ter-
rity save one. But little more than one third of
the free-State men in the Territory voted. The
right was denied them by the usurpers, and they
could not exercise it without bloodshed, and the
fear that their comparatively small band, unpre-
pared for conflict, and beyond the reach of friendly
aid, would be borne down by the armed hosts of
invaders. It will be remembered the census and
registry of voters were taken to prepare for this
election, and showed a population of eight thou-
sand five hundred and one, and two thousand nine
hundred and live legal voters; and yet, at this elec-
tion, six thousand three hundred and seven votes
were polled. The Administration vote was five
thousand four hundred and twenty-seven; and the
free-State vote, seven hundred and ninety-one. A
committee of this House, sent to Kansas to in-
vestigate the election frauds,conclusively showed,
by an examination of witnesses, the poli-books
where each voter's name was recorded, and the
register where each legal voter's name was re-
corded before election, that only one thousand
four hundred and ten of these six thousand three
hundred and seven votes were legal; and that seven
hundred and ninety-one of these one thousand
four hundred and ten legal votes were cast by free-
State men, and eighty-nine were scattering, leav-
ing only five hundred and thirty legal votes for the
Administration or pro-slavery party. Although
the free-State men, hunted down as they were,
really threw a majority of the legal votes, and no
doubt elected a majority of their members to each
branch of the Legislature, they were not allowed
a solitary seat in either. Does it need argument,
Mr. Chairman, to prove that a Legislature thus
elected by non-residents, strangers, and invaders,
was an illegal body ? A bare statement of the case
is an irresistible argument; and I should as soon
think of presenting an argument to convince you
that the wateis of the Potomac have not dried up,
when you see itd current before you flowing on to
the ocean. It is important to remember that one
branch of this Territorial Legislature, the Senate
or Council, was elected for two years.
It was a Legislature thus placed in authority
by a foreign power, that passed the bloody code,
and tried to seal the lips of freedom; which en-
acted that every territorial officer, not appointed
by the President, should be but an emanation of
itself and a creature of its will. For fear the Gov-
ernor might occasionally forget his duty to his
masters at Washington, and lean towards justice
and the people, they made his legitimate duties
as Governor as light as possible. They elected all
county officers for a term of years, and then pro-
