1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
065
Mr. DAVIS, from the same committee, to whom
was refened the petition of John Bronson, asked
to be discharged from iis further consideration,
and that itbe referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 3) to authorize notaries public to take and
certify oaths,affirmations, and acknowledgments
in certain cases, reported it without amendment.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 58) to authorize and direct the set-
tlement of the accounts of Ross Wilkins, James
Withercll, and Solomon Sibley; which was read
twicc by Us title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
COMMODORE PAULDING.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. No. 7) directing; the presentation of a
medal to Commodore Hiram Paulding; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BROWN subsequently rose and said: The
Senator from Wisconsin, this morning, laid upon
the table a joint resolution proposing to present
a medal, in the name of Congress, to Commodore
Paulding forhis late extraordinary exploit m Cen-
tral America. T have looked over the resolution,
and feeling that it will require some amendment
before it can receive my vote, or, I hope, the vote
of a majority of either House of Congress, I
have drawn up an amendment which I propose to
oPer whenever the joint resolution shall be called
up. .My amendment is to strike out all after the
resolving clause, and mseit—.
That Cougtv^ lia< lieaid with ^mpu-e of the ;uiot of
William Walker and about one hunched am] fitly oil mm per-
sons, at Puma Arenas, m Nicaiagua, by llnam Paulilina,
commanding the I'mtud States naval sqmuison. on the. Hth
day of Deceiubei. 18j? ; and hoeing that snnl act was m
violation of the trnitonal sowreisntv of a fueiullv Pown,
and not sanctioned !>y anv existing law. Cou<fro; s di-.avows
it; and being officially notified that the said Taulding acted
without Jnsti actions from the President, oj the Hecrrtaiy
of the Navy, Congie^s cxpies&es its condemnation of Ins
conduct in this regaid.
Mr. SEWARD. Will not the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi move that his amendment
be printed?
Mr. BROWN. The joint resolution of the
Senator from Wisconsin was not ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SEWARD. Then. I move that both be
printed. This is the first notice I have had of
either.
Mr. BROWN. Very well.
The motion to print was agreed to.
NAVAL COURTS OP INQUIRV.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution (S. No. 3) to extend and de-
fine the authority of the President under the act
approved January 16, 1857, entitled " An act to
amend an act entitled ' An act to promote the ef-
ficiency of the Navy,' " in respect to dropped and
retired naval officers; the pending question being
on the motion of Mr. Mason to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate adopted the following
amendment of Mr. Hunter:
Provided, That nothing herein contained =hail be so con-
strued as to allow the increase of the number of the officers
in the active-service list, as now autliotized by law.
Mr. MASON. I made the motion to recon-
sider, as I stated yesterday, at the instance of the
honorableSenatorfrom Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,]
and not being entirely satisfied in my own mind of
the entire propriety of the vote I had given in the
affirmative. Upon subsequent reflection,although
I confess with a great deal of reluctance, I am pre-
pared to change that vote. My reason for sup-
porting the amendment originally was that it pre-
vented any increase of the number of officers so
as to exceed that provided by existing laws.
We are all aware that by the law of 1857,
which made provision for these courts of inquiry,
it was the opinion of the Senate that, in order to
give effect to the policy of the Senate in doing
full justice to officers who had been deranged
and placed upon the retired list by the board of
fifteen, and who, upon proper judicial inquiry,
should be found to have been improperly dealt
withj in order to enable them to place those offi-
cers where they stood before they had been thu3
deranged, we should enlarge the number in the
respective ranks to winch those officers belonged
—& policy to which I was opposed at the time.
I saw no necessity, so far as the public sen ice
was concerned, for increasing the number of offi-
cers; but yet it was very manifest that to such an
extent had the naval service been deranged by the
action of the board of fifteen, that the only mode
then left of doing justice to those officers, was
temporarily to enlarge the number.
The joint resolution introduced by the Senator
from Mississippi was intended to authorize the
President at his discretion to provide for a class
of officers who had not been restored by the courts
of inquiry—a policy in which I concurred. I
believe the President already possesses the power;
! but we have been legislating very widely, 1 think,
' and unfortunately trenching so far on the execu-
tive authority as to assume, by implication at
least, oil the part of Congress, that it was neces-
sary for Congress to supply tins power. I am
not, however, at all satisfied, if it be a correct
policy to pass the joint resolution proposed by
the honorable Senator fiom Mississippi that this
amendment will not, m fact, destroy its opera-
tion; and reluctant as I have been, and still am, j
to go into this temporary policy of increasing '
the number of officers for the purpose of repair-
ing the mischief already done, I do not sec any
escape from it. I moved the reconsideration with-
out having fully considered the subject; on fuller
consideration, 1 am prepared to change my vote.
Mr. STUART. 1 must say, sir, that I regret j
this proceeding. I regret it in several respects, j
In the first place, the question was fully discussed
in the Senate, and a proceeding was had which is
unusual. After the vote had been taken upon yeas
and nays in the Committee of the Whole, the
same vote was demanded in the Senate. There
seemed to be, J thought, a tenacity that was un-
usual. After the Senate had thus expressed its
opinion twice, delibeiately and advisedly, now to
be called upon to reconsider, and expiess it again,
looks a little like a tendency toward a mere cau-
cus—something of that sort which is informal and
not of the legislative consequence which should
pertain fo the action of either House of Congress.
There is a remarkable fact developed in the
course of this debate, which ought to weigh, and
in my judgment, weigh conclusively, with the
Senate. We were told by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,] that not a case
which had been passed upon by these courts of
inquiry had received the examination of cither
the Secretary of the Navy or the President of the
United States—that those officers had taken the
action of the courts of inquiry without any inves-
tigation at all. Lt was said bymvselfand others,
and I think said with propriety, that the firstlaw
which organized the board of fifteen was a good
law in itself; and that if it had been carried out
properly by the executive department, upon whom
the duty devolved, there could have been no such
ground of complaint as was ur^cd. That law
I required that the approval of the Secretary of the
Navy and of the President .should be given to the
action of the board before it became final; and the \
evident intention of that law was, that those offi- ■
j cers should be satisfied of the propriety of the ;
action of the board; but it was said that was never ;
done. It was affirmed that in that instance there j
was no ground upon which it could be done; that 1
no record was kept by the board; and conse- J
quently, that neither the Secretary nor the Pies- j
ident had anything to inspect. Then they ought >
not to have approved it. An approval docs not !
mean the action of a mere automaton—a mere ma-
chine. It is the exeicise of judgment and discre- j
tion. That, it will be recollected, was the strong :
ground of complaint which was urged here by !
Senators, and 1 think was the strongest reason ]
why any amended law ever prevailed m the Sen- j
ate. '
What now, sir? An amended law was passed j
authorizing the organization of courts of inquiry, :
on the request of any officer, the action of those '
courts again to have the approval of the Secretary J
oftheNavyandofthePresident. Wearenowfold >
that u has not had it. I ask what is the object i
of any further legislation on this subject, if our i
former legislation has not been carried out? It j
requires the action of the executive department. I
You can have no law which can be supervised by j
Congress itself with any propriety or accuiacy. i
The action of the courts was to bo supervised
and approved by the executive department of the
country; but it has not been done. What is the
present proposition? It is to amend still further
this law; and it is assigned as a reason that the
President, approving the action of a court refus-
ing to change the position of an officer, may still
be at liberty to change that officer himself, on his
own volition, if he thinks the action of the coutt
has not been right. If I could be told, by any
gentleman who is advised, that the Presidents
thus examining these cases, there mightj)e some
ground for the amendment of the law; but we are
told that he is not thus examining them; that he
has not the time to do so; and I presume it is true.
I presume, considering the mass of cases which
have been examined by the courts of inquiry, and
the great extent of the testimony, he has not the
time, and cannot do it.
Then, what is to be the effect of this amend-
ment of the law? Why, sir, to simply change
the point of attack; to take it away from the Sen-
ate and from the House of Representatives, from
Congress, and turn the whole power of it on the
Piesident. What probability is there that the
President can possibly? by the exercise of all the
power he possesses, do justice to individuals and
do justice to the country? I have never been sat-
isfied, 1 confess to you most frankly, that sym-
pathy for an individual ought to prevail in all cases
uguinst the public interests. There is not a mem-
ber of this body, f presume, who has not all the
sympathy of which the human heart ought to be
susceptible. It is not feeling alone, however,
which ought to govern the Senate in passing upon
public questions. Judgment and propriety of ac-
tion are equally important.
Then I ask, on the facts as they are stated to
the Senate, what is the prospect of improvement.
L confess 1 do not see it. I speak now of im-
piovementin regard to individual cases. I do not
see how itis m the power of the President to carry
out this law by a careful and critical examination
of all the cases that are presented, and say m his
judgment what oujjht to be done. We are told
lie has found himself utterly unable to do it. Then
we are to look at the effect; and that was what
induced me to vote forthearnendmentof the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.]
Are we in possession of any facts this day, as a
senatorial body, that ought to induce us to add to
the number of active officers in the Navy for the
purpose of doing individual justice ? I have not
heard any such statement in this body. I have
heard Senators say, as I heard it sessions ago,
that they were willing to do almost anything that
was honorable to protect the character of a man.
I think that is a feeling which pervades the whole
body. I am very slow to believe that there is a
Senator here who is not willing and desirous to
do whatever is right and proper to protect the
chaructei of an individual, cither in the Navy or
out of it. But I ask again, is the Senate in pos-
session of such facts—have they been brought to
us here by the report of our committee, or in any
other mode to arrest our attention—showing that
severe hardships do exist in consequence of the
courts of inquiry, which ought to mducc us to
add to the active list of the Navy bypassing this
joint resolution ? I have not heard them.
What may have been said to Senators individ-
ually out of session, I know not. I know that I
have been somewhat belabored myself, and I pre-
sume I have had no more than my share of it;
but I confess to you, sir, that I have heard noth-
ing from any individual complainant, or from aU
of those who have spoken to me on the subject,
which presented such a case as ought to induce
Congress thus to enlarge the active list of the
Navy.
It was said by the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,] who moved the reconsidera-
tion, that the effect of the amendment is to render
the joint resolution nugatory. That is not entirely
true in point of fact. It simply prevents the in-
crease of the active list of the Wavy. As the Sen-
ate passed the joint resolution, it would be com-
petent for the President, as often as vacancies
occurred, to fill them out of such cases as it refers
to, keeping, however, the numbei upon the active
list the same as now authorized by law. It does
not, therefore, render the resolution entirely nu-
gatory, but simply prevents the increase of offi-
cers upon the active list. If there have been, or if
