1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that any other company would build a road with
this one already in operation along the avenue,
and certainly we should never grant them the
privilege. But if we adoptany plan for building
the road, I think we ought to take that proposi-
tion which is best for the Government.
Mr. A DRAIN. I desire *to know if the citi-
zens of Washington desire this railroad through
Pennsylvania avenue?
Mr. BURNETT. I talce it for granted that the
citizens of Washington do not.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Two years ago
the officials of this city and Georgetown recom-
mended it, and I have not" heard of any later ac-
tion.
Mr. ADRAIN. I wanted to know if any action
had been taken by the citizens in favor of build-
ing the road.
Mr. BURNETT. I have a proposition to make
to the friends of the bill that will give us a test
vote upon it, and that is that it be reported to the
House with a recommendation thatitdonotpass.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman- will in-
dulge me for a moment, let us, by general con-
sent, get in some amendments, so that if the bill
goes to the House we may be protected.
Now, here is a monstrous provision in the
fourth section. It is that these parties shall keep
the road in repair only between the rails, a width
of four feet. The road will be constantly getting
out of order for at least two feet on the other side
of the rails, and they ought to be required to re-
pair all the pavement to which injury is done.
There is another thing in this fourth section that
is monstrous. It provides that if the corporation
of the city chooses to take this property off the
hands of these parties, they shall pay the parties
for the unexpired part of this grant from us.
Now, let us see how that is going to work ? Sup-
pose it has ten years to run, and that it pays j
fifty or one hundred thousand dollars a year, will ,
not the value of the franchise which you propose ]
to pay for be ten times fifty or one hundred thou- •
sand dollars? |
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I rise to aques- !
tion of order. There are some other gentlemen t
who desire to be heard on this important meas- ]
ure, and I want to know if it is in order for the j
time to all be taken up by gentlemen from Vir- j
gima and Kentucky ? I
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman fromGeor- j
gia certainly cannot complain, for I yielded the '
floor to him. j
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Ken- j
tucky, as I understand it, intends to move to !
strike out the enacting clause, and I warned to ;
suggest these amendments. If they can be rc-1
ported to the House by general consent, I will ,
not take up the time of the committee by any re- i
Mr. BURNETT. £ have said all that T desire j
to say in reference to this measure. I think it;
would destroy the beauty of the city by building i
a railroad along Pennsylvania avenue; and I do j
not .think there is any necessity for such a rail- j
road m a city of fifty thousand inhabitants. It j
may be useful to establish railways in a crowded ;
city, but I do not think it is necessary between
this city and Georgetown; nor is there any evi-
dence that the people desire it.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the amendments
which I have offered, will be allowed to come in
by unanimous consent.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I desire to say
a single word. This is a matter about which I
have heard a good deal among the citizens of the
place. I have no possible interest in it, except as
a citizen of the Republic, to establish a work
which shall be useful to the capital of the coun-
try and the interests which I feel in it for my own
convenience. But I must be permitted to say, that
since the application has been made here to run
a railway along Pennsylvania aver.ue, there has
been some parties at woi k—I do not charge mem-
bers of Congress as having been concerned m it
in any way—for a purpose not intended to be, nor
likely to be, serviceable to the country, in oppos-
ing this grant. I could mention individuals who
have already been permitted to come in as parlies
for the simple reason that it was found necessary
in order to prevent them from using their influence
to defeat the bill. Now, I desire that the House
shall act upon this bill upon its merits, and that
the schemes of interlopers and outsiders shall not
be permitted to prejudice a great work like this,
which is for the benefit of the Republic, here in
the capital of the country. Let this grant stand
upon its merits. It is the first company which
has made application, and I think tta grant should
be given to them. The capital of the country
would be improved by it, if you willgive them the
opportunity, and it costs the Government nothing.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I will state
that one of the parties in this bill is the omnibus
proprietor. I understand that he has invested
something like one hundred thousand dollars in
stocking his line of omnibuses, and it would be
doing injustice to him to make any arrangement
in which he should not be included. He is enti-
tled to priority.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I thank the gen-
tleman for the interruption. This is an important
question. It is one of the improvements of the
nineteenth century, that we should not be con-
fined to the old system of hacks and omnibuses;
and yet the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bur-
nett] is opposed to it, because he considers the
old system of hacks preferable to the new system
of traveling along the streets by railway.
Mr. BURNETT. I will just say this: that I
am in favor ofeimprovements in everything where
improvements are needed; but m a city like this,
without commerce, trade, or population, I will not
vote for the establishment of such a railway.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. My friend from
Kentucky is a very positive sort of man. He is
positive m his concurrence in a measure, or he is
strong in his opposition to it. I like him all the
better for it; but unless a bill is his peculiar bant-
ling, he is sure to pounce upon it. I am sorry that
this bill did not come from the committee-room
as the bantlmgof the gentleman from Kentucky. '
Mr. BURNETT. My fiiend from Georgia will j
remember that I was in the committee-room when ;
this pioposition first came there, and that 1 op- i
posed it from its inception; and my recollection )
is, that if the vote had been taken in committee j
at that time, when I was present, we should have „
voted it down. i
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I did not so un- i
derstand it; we certainly did vote it up. I thought '
my friend was absent when tins bill was under j
consideration by the committee. I should have .
been happy if it could have had his support. 1
Mr. COVODE. As long as this discussion goes [
on, and gentlemen keep ofieiing amendments,
we shall never get through. '
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I was simply !
making an explanation. j
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman is talking j
aboutquestionsofprogressand improvement; but i
if the gentleman will allow me, I will suggest that j
these railways have recently been introduced into .
the streets of Philadelphia. There was great op- i
position to the introduction of the first one, but j
they have since been introduced into four or five <
streets, and they give universal satisfaction to peo- i
pie of all classes in that city. An application was i
made to the last Legislature for permission to '
build other roads, and they are now being built |
m all directions through the different streets of 1
the city; and, instead of being an injury, they are !
a very great improvement to the streets through i
which they run. 1
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I am extremely ;
obliged to the gentleman for the interruption. It'
is a question of progress, whether we shall have j
the omnibus running up and down the avenue, '
from daybreak until sunset, making a noise like ••
the thunders of Sinai, or whether we shall have '
in its placea railway, with comfortable and hand-
some cars, running smoothly along, drawn by
horse power, tandem, and shaded by the trees
li ning the route. Was a man ever in a place where
a railroad was in operation that did not go away
satisfied that it was an improvement, and one of
the ereatest improvements of the age ? I appre-
hend that the gentleman fiotn Kentucky has not
be^n m New York lately.
Mr.HILL. I wish to suggest, in all charitable-
ness to my colleague, that all members do not
come from Gem gia, which State has done so much
in the way of building railroads, and that there-
fore they are not so familiar with the great ad-
vantages to result from such improvements.
Mr? WRIGHT, of Georgia. Then I can onljr
regret it. I am speaking seriously m reference j
to this matter; and I say that no m^u can b§ !
where railroads are in operation without being
satisfied that they are one of the greatestimpro.ves?
ments of the age. One of their beneficial effects,
is to cheapen travel. By the-introduction of this
railway into Washington, the fare is at once re-.
duced from six and a quarter cents, now charged
by the omnibus, to five cents. [Laughter.] Gen-,
tlemen may laugh if they will, but this neverthe-
less stands as I have stated it, and it is a large
reduction on the charge.
Mr. STANTON. The railroad is to set you
down at the boundary of the city, while the oj®!-'"8
nibus takes you into Georgetown.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. If the gentleman
will reflect on the matter, he will see that there "is
no necessity for these cars, propelled by horse-
power, to stop at all.
Mr. STANTON. What I state is, that the
cars must stop at the corporation limits—that the
corporation line is the terminus of the road.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Mr. Chairman,
I did not intent^ to detain the committee as long
as I have. I am in favor of this railroad on prin-
ciple. I believe it to'be, I will repeat, an improve-
ment in everv respect. You can get into the rail-
way car easier than you can into an omnibus.
There is hardly any stopping necessary. The
cars pass along smoothly, and any party that has
quickness of motion can easily get into them.
Anybody under seventy-five years of age can get
into them without their stopping. There is, too,
a reduction of one and a quarter cent on the fare.
This may be a small item to members of Congress,
who sit upen their cushioned chairs, and draw
$3,000 per annum, besides mileage, which, for
California members, amounts to something hand-
some; and even for members from my own State
runs up to something like four or five hundred
dollars. But, sir, take the bone and smew of this .
land, the men and women who earn their bread
by the sweat of their brow, as God intended we
should all do, and it is a right sharp item, it is'
a consideration to them how much they will pay
for tiavol, when they have to travel many times
a week, or it may be, several times a day.
There is another beneficial result. It equalizes
the population. I do not want to compel a rich man
to come down and ride in these cars, but I want to
fix the matter so that he can do it. These railway
cars, we see from*experie^ice, carry all sorts of
people, fashionable men and fashionable women,
the wealthy contractor and the poor laborer.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Do you not think
that the poor people of your district are as much
entitled to a railroad as the poor people here ?
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I do.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Why, then, do
you not offer to appropriate for them as well as
for the people here?
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I have appropri-
ated a great deal already for them. But these gen-
tlemen do not ask for any appropriation; they
propose to build this road and to keep it in repair.
The question is with you, then, whether you will
ude in an omnibus for six and a quarter cents or
in a railway car for five cents, without any cost
to the Government at all.
Mr. COVODE. I will trouble my friend with
another suggestion. If this road be built, the road
is kept up at the expense of the parties who build
it; but if the travel is to go on as it has done here-
tofore, the streets will wear with the rolling of
those omnibuses over them, and will have to be
repaired at the expense of the Government; so
that, by the introduction of these cars, there will
be an immense reduction of expense to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I thank the gen-
tlemap for the suggestion* It had occurred to me,
but would have escaped me if the gentleman had
not recalled it to my mind. I am about through
what I proposed to say. This road will cost the
Government nothing. The simple question for
the House to determine is whether it will allow
it to be built?
The gentleman from Kentucky says it will spoil
Pennsylvania avenue. Now, is not a car drawn
by a couple of horses in a straight line along Penn-
sylvania avenue, a more comply sig.it than these
ungainly omnibuses roJiing along, dodging from
one side of the avenue to the other?
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to know if it
ever occurred to the committee in their delibera-
tions on this subject, to examine whether it would
