1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ciples; and, upon the strength of these principles,
I was triumphantly reelected to the present Con-
gress. I trust, therefore, that, so far, at least, as
lam concerned,! shall hear no more of the charge
made against northern Democrats of opposition
to this constitution because of the slavery clause.
Gentlemen may regard me as serious or not; it
matters not to me. I have neither favor nor in-
dulgence to ask from any quarter.-
But, sir, to the question. It is said by the
President and others, that the election which was
fceW for delegates to form the Lecompton consti-
tution, in June 1857, was a legal election; and that
those who failed to vote at that election have no
right to complain, and are bound by the voice of
those who did exercise that right. I admit, only
that the election was held under the forms of law;
but, sir, was it a fair election; and had all the
voters an opportunity to vote? It has been as-
serted by Governor Walker and Governor Stan-
ton, and stands uncontradicted by the President
or any other respectable authority, that the cen-
sus and registration, which by the act of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature were required to be made prior
to the election, were imperfectly made in all the
counties where made at all; and " that in nineteen
ounties out of thirty-four, there was no registry,
and in fifteen counties of thirty-four, there was
no census, and not a solitary vote was given, or
could be given, for delegates to the convention
in any one of those counties." If the people of
those disfranchised counties were disposed to vote,
they were positively prohibited from so doing;
not by any act of theirs, but because the pro-
visions of the law had not been executed in those
counties, either through negligence of the officers
or want of means to defray the expenses attend-
ant upon the performance of their duties. And
it is a fact not denied, that scarcely one tenth of
the then voters of the Territory did vote at that
election. I ask gentlemen, I ask Democrats from
theSouth, if this was a fail-election; if this comes
up to their notions of popular sovereignty ? if this
ia consonantwith the principles enunciated atCin-
cinnati? and if, by this beggarly verdict, they
seek, upon a mere technicality, to fix the destinies
of the whole people of Kansas until 1864, and
perhaps forever? Again, sir, we have the positive
evidence before us, that, in many of these dis-
franchised counties, the people went on, under
the advice of Governor Walker, and elected del-
egates to the convention, under the supposition
that inasmuch as they had, by no act or omission
of theirs, been debarred the right of voting at the
regular election, their franchise was not thereby
annihilated, and that the delegates of their choice
would be entitled to seats in the convention; but
the doors of the convention were closed against
them by the sixty delegates chosen at the regular
election.
But, sir, independent of this, I go a step fur-
ther. No advantage can justly be taken of any
voter who staid away from the polls on that occa-
sion; and, although I think that they ought to
have voted, yet, I repeat that they had a right to
stay away from the polls without losing the right
to pass upon the constitution when formed. They
had the right to look to the Democratic party of
the States to redeem their pledges everywhere
made. They had the right to look to the pro-
slavery party of the Territory to redeem their
pledges made m the convention which nominated
Ransom for Congress. They had the right to
look to the President, acting for the Democratic
party and reflecting its will, to redeem his re-
peated pledges. They had the right to look to
Governor Walker, acting for the President, and
under his instructions, to redeem his pledges so
often and so solemnly made; and they had the
right to look to the convention delegates chosen at
the June election to carry into effect their public
and solemn pledge that the constitution, when
framed, should be submitted to the whole people
for ratification or rejection. I need not go back
to show that the very letter and essence of the
Cincinnati platform was, that in establishing a
constitution it could only be done " through the
legally-expressed will of a majority of the actual
residents" of the Territory. I need not go back
and hunt up the speeches made, and the resolu-
tions passed, during the canvass of 1856. I need
not go back and pile, mountain high, the expres-
sions of the public meetings and editorial articles,
North and South, eulogizing the President and
Governor Walker for the high Democratic stand
they had taken in urging the submission of this
constitution to the people. It would occupy too
much of my time. But, sir, if I were to do it, it
would overwhelm gentlemen who have so sud-
denly and mysteriously changed front on this
question. It will be sufficient for my present pur-
pose to refer, first, to the pledge made by John
Calhoun and his associates, candidates for del-
gates for the Lecompton convention. Here it is:
To the Democratic voters of Douglas county :
It having been stated T5y that Abolition' newspaper, the
Herald of Freedom, and by some disaffected bogus Demo-
crats, who have got up an independent ticket, lor the pur-
pose of securing the vote of the Black Republicans, that the
regular nominees of the Democratic convention were op-
posed to submitting the coiiftitution to the people, we, the
candidates of the Democratic party, submit the following
resolutions, which were adopted by the Democratic con-
vention which placed us in nomination, and which we fully
and heartily indole, as a complete refutation of the slan-
ders above referred to.
John Calhoun, A. W. Jones,
\V. S. Wells, XI. Butcher,
• L. S. Bolling, John M. Wallace,
Wm, T. Spicely, L. A. Prather.
LECOMi'TON, Kansas Territory, June 13, 1857.
Resolved, That we will support no man as a delegate to
the constitutional convention, whose duty it will be to frame
the constitution of the future State of Kansas, and to mold
the political institutions under which we, as a people, are
to live, unless he pledges himself fully, freely, and without
reseivation, to use every honorable means to submit the
same to every bona fide actual citizen of Kansas, at the
proper time for the vote being taken upon the adoption
by the people, in order that the said constitution may be
adopted or rejected by the actual settlers m this Teiritory,
as the majority of the" voteis shall decide."
This man Calhoun and his associate candidates
were elected on this pledge; and yet, in the face
of that pledge, basely betrayed the people, and
refused to submit the constitution to them, and
are now here (at least some of them) urging the
immediate ratification of it by Congress, and the
admission of Kansas into the Union under it.
Has such infamous betrayal of public trust a par-
allel in the political history of this country ? And
if it were committed in your State, sir, the guilty
culprits would suffer the penalty of their treachery
by summary punishment at the hands of an out-
raged constituency.
But again, sir, the President, in his letter of ac-
ceptance, says:
" What a conception, then, wa«  it for Congress to apply
this simple rule : that tins will of the majority shall govern,
to the settlement of the question of domestic slavery in the
Territories!:'
And in the same address, the President, after
referring to the question of the time of admission
of a State as unimportant, uses this emphatic lan-
guage:
" This is, happily, a matter of but little practical import-
ance'. 13eaidcs, it ih a judicial question winch legitimately
belongs to the Supieme Couitoi lite United States, before
whom it is now pending, and will, it is understood, be
speedily and finally settiud. To their decision, m common
with all good citizens, I shall cheerfully submit, whatever
this may be, though it has ever been my individual opinion
that, under the Nebraska-Kansas, act, the appropriate period
will bn when tin* number of actual residents m the Terri-
tory shall justify the formation of a constitution with a view
to its admission a* a State into the Union. But be this as
it may, it is tin* imperative and indispensable duty of the
Government of the United States to secure to every resident
inhabitant the free and independent expression of his opin-
ion by his vote. This sacred right of each individual must
be preserved !"
A^ain he says, m his instructions to Governor
Walker:
"The institutions of Kansas should be established by the
votes of the people of Kansas, unavved and uninterrupted
by force and fraud.
u Tiie regular Legislature of the Territory having author-
ized the assembling of a convention to frame a constitution,
to be accepted or rejected by Congress, under the provisions
of the Federal Constitution, the people of Kansas have the
right to be protected in the peaceful election of delegates for
such a purpose, under bueh authority; and the convention
itself has a right to similar piotection in the opportunity for
tranquil and undistuibed deliberations. When such a con-
stitution shall be submitted to the people of a Territory, they
must be protected in the exercise of thpir right to vote tor
or against the instrument, and the fair expression of the pop-
ular will must not be interrupted by traud or violence.''
And again, in his letter to Professor SiUiman
and others, he says:
"The convention will soon assemble to perform the sol-
emn duty of framing a constitution for themselves and their
posterity; and, in the state of incipient rebellion which still
exists m Kan-a<?, n is my impeiative duty to employ the
troops of the United States, should thh become necessary,
in defending the convention against violence while framing
tiie constitution, and m protecting the { bona fide inhabit-
ants' qualified to vote under the provisions of this instru-
ment, in the free excrcise of the right of suffrage, when it
* shall be submitted to thera for approbation or rejection."
After Governor Walker had refused to accept
the office, the President? again tendered it to him,;
and urged him toaccept it, which. h^nally_ did,;
with the perfect understanding with the President
that the people, thebona fid&reaidents, t>f Kansas*
should be protected in the .formation of
mestic institutions, and in the adoption or-reje<b-
tion of their constitution v against both fraud &tid*
violence. But I cannotas well express the"under-
standing between them as by quoting the Follow-5
ing paragraph from the letter of Governor Waller
to the President accepting the appointment,«ndeiv
date of March 30, 1857, and published- it* the*
Union while Governor Walker was yet here, bt*
fore taking his leave for lr~
u I understand that you and your Cabinercordiarfy con-
cur m the opinion expiessed by mo, that the actual bona
fide residents of the Territory of Kansas, by<a fair and reg-
ular vote, unaffected by fraud or violence, must be permit--
ted, in adopting their State constitution, to decide for them-
selves what shall be their social institutions. This is the
great fundamental principle of the act of Congress organ-
izing that Territory, affirmed by the Supreme Court of the*
United States, and is in accordance with the views uni-
formly expressed by me throughout my public career." I
contemplate a peaceful solution of this question by an ap-
peal to the intelligence and patriotism of the people of Kan-
sas, who should ail participate freely and fully in 'this de-
cision, and by a majority of vvho&e votes the decision must
be made, as the only and constitutional mode of adjust-
ment. ' • •
" I wili go, then, and endeavor to adjust .these difficul-
ties, in the full confidence, as expressed by you,that I.witt
be MWtained by all your own high authority, with thecor-
dial cooperation of all your Cabinet."
In pu rsuance of these instructions and this per1-
feet understanding, Mr. Walker accepted the of-
fice of Governor, repaired to the Territory, arid",
as a faithful representative of the views of the
President and his entire CabineSt, entered upon
the discharge of his delicate and respc^nsible du-
ties in the month of June; and, as the first act of
his administration, issued his proclamation to the
people of Kansas; in which he says:
" is it not infinitely bettei that shivery should be abolished
or established in Kansas, rather than that we should become
slaves, and not be permitted to govern ourselves? Is the
absence or existence of slavery in Kansas paramount to the
great question of State sovereignty, self-government, and
of the Union* * * * * * *
" If patriotism, if devotion to the Constitution, a d love-
of the union,.should not induce ihe minority to yield tothe
majority on this question, let them reflect that,in no event,
caii the minority successfully determine the question per-
manent^'; and in no contingency will'Congress admit
Kansas as a slave or as a free State, unless a hiajority of the
people of Kansas shall first Otirly and freely decide the
question for themselves by a direct vote on the adaption oj
the constitution, excluding all fraud or violence.
"The minoutV; in resisting the will of the majority,may
involve Kansas again hi civil war; they may bring upon
her reptoach and obloquv, and destroy her progtess and
prosperity ; they may keep hoi for years out of the Union,
and, in the whi'lwmd of agitation, sweep away the gov-
ernment itself; but Kansas never can be brought into the
Union, with or without slavery, except by a previous sol-
emn deei-ioii, fully, freely, and fairly made by a majority of
hei people, m voting tin oi against thi adoption of the State?
constitution "
The course of Governor Walker met the appro-
bation of the President and his Cabinet—an appro-
bation frequently enough repeated in the columns
of the Union newspaper, the organ of the Admin-
istration, and known to reficct implicitly their,
views on all important affairs. In that organ, in
that mouth-piece of the Adininistt ation, of the 7th
of June last,afterthe delegates tothe Lecompton
convention had been chosen, the foliowing'edito*
rial article appeared:
" When there is no serious dispute upon the constitution,
either m the convention or among the people, the power of
the delegates alone mav put urn operation. /Jut such is not
the ease in Kansas Tiie most violent struggle this country
ever saw. upon the most mipoitant issue which the consti-
tution is to determine, has been going on thine fo  several
years, between parties so evenly balanced that both claim
the majority, and no hostile to one anotiier that numerous
lives have been lost in the contest. Under these circum-
stances there can be no such thing a> ascertaining clearly,
and without doubt, the will of the people ui any way except
by their own direct expression of it at the polls. Ji consti*
tatioTi not subjected to that test, no matter what it contains,
willneierbe acknowledged by ih opponents to be anything but
a fraud.
" A plausible color might be given to this assertion by the
argument that the members of the convention could hav.3
no motive lor refusing to submit their work to their constit-
uents, except a consciousness thatthQ majority would con-
demn it. Wc confess that we should find some difficulty
in answering this. What otliei motive could they have?
We do most devoutly believe that, unless the constitution
t of Kansas should be submitted to a direct vote of the peo-
! pic, the unhappy controversy which has heretofo#e raged
' m that Terntoiy will be prolonged for an indefinite time to
] come."
| And again, sir,in the same paper of July iast,
1 the editor, speaking for the Administration", says;
! <l Until recently, and in a few quarters, no one has qties-
