2S76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 24,
be impracticable to provide that members of Con-
gress shall travel free over the road?
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. This road, I pre-
sume, is to run in the day time; and I cannot say
whether it will run when members travel most—
at nighttime. [Laughter.]
Mr. COVODE. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia, always leaving it in the hands
of Congress to change, alter, or amend, would
certainly give members of Congress claims upon
the company to travel free.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I will close my
remarks by moving that the bill be laid aside to
be reported to the House, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. LEITER. I move to strike out the enact-
ing clause.
Mr. DODD. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion, and allow the vote to be taken
on the amendments.
Mr. LEITER. I am willing to withdraw the
motion on consideration that gentlemen will come
to a vote.
Mr. COX. I have an amendment which I wish
to offer.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is certain that we
cannot get on with this bill to-night.
[Cries of "Question!" " Question!"]
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that there is
no objection to the amendment winch I have pro-
posed.
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Smith, of Virginia, to strike out the names
mentioned in the bill, and in their place to sub-
stitute the words " the corporation of the city of
Washington."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
committee rise. [Cries of" No!"" No!"] Then
I will advocate my amendment.
Mr. IIOCJS I'ON. If it is in order, I move that
the comm ittce take a recess for an hour and-a-halt.
[Cries of" No!" "No!"]
Mr.. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
committee rise.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I call for tellers on that mo-
tion.
Tellers were not ordered. %
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will pioceed then
to advocate my amendment.
The lines which I propose to amend confers a !
large fortune upon three persons. I say ihat my !
knowledge of the business-, and of such opera- :
tions as this, convinces me that such a donation i
as tins by the Congress of the United States to j
three persons—I do not know who they are; I ;
do not even know the proprietor of the omnibus ,
hue—irives to them a large lortune. Sir, 1 ask j
this f lou.se it this is the jsoi f of legislation which
should characterize our action: I ask thislloiiMj ,
if they, sitting here to legislate for the fifty thou- 1
sand inhabitants of this I )istrict,wiil pick <ai t tin ee
of them and bestow upon them asplendul fortune5 ;
Some gentleman says they are not citizens ol the
District. If that is so, so much the worse for.
them; you take a fortune out of the people of the j
District and give it to those who are not citizens, j
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to ask the gentleman I
if the amendment which has just been admitted,
authorizing Congress to eonuol the rate of fare,
does not pieclude the possibility of any injustice
being done to the inhabitants of Washington?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. The provision of the
amendment authorizes a resumption of the fran-
chise at any time by the^ity of Washington.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand it all
I propose by my amendment to give this Irancluse
to the city of Washington. But, says the gentle-
man, the city of Washington has the iiglitto ac-
quire it if she pleases. Now let us look at it. The
bill piovides tii.it the privileges hereby guiut'id
shall continue for the teun of twenty-five year?;
but at any time during said period the Govern-
ment, or the nuthontics of the city of Washing-
ton, shall have the right to take possession of said
railway, with the leal and pcrsuiial property be-
longing thereto, and m-ecssaiyfo the operation
thereof, upon pavment to said parties, and as-
the appraised value thereof, and of the un-
expired fiancluse, said appraisements to be made
by one person to be selected by the President of
the Ueited States, another by the parties afore-
said, and, in the event of their disagreement, by
a third person, to be selected by the persons so
named. That is all they have a right to. They^
have no right to exact anything from the city of
Washington, but the value of their investment.
But that is not all. How long is this franchise to
continue > A day, a month, or for all time ? No,
sir; but just exactly so long as it may be the
pleasure of Congress.
Mr. QUITMAN. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to say that, during this whole
period, Congress has the absolute right of annul-
ling or making such alterations of this charter as
it pleases ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. My friend from
Mississippi knows very well how very difficult it
is to effect any change where private rights are
concerned. My experience has taught me, and
his experience must have taught him, that this is
the fact.
Mr. QUITMAN. If there is the amount of
money involved in this matter which the gentle-
man supposes, the public would be opposed to
the monopoly, and perhaps would improperly in-
terfere with the privileges of the company.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is Congress that
must act, and not the public; and, when we can-
not turn out a page except under some excitement,
or change out Dooikeeper without the greatest
commotion, tin1 gentleman may form some idea
of the diiHeulty there would be in taking action
against a railroad, ft would appeal to us in a
thousand ways, touching our hearts.
If this is a road which ought to be established
—and I concede that it ought to be—I am in favor
! of it; but I want to know what reason there is for
' giving the piivilege to these three persons alone ?
' Gentlemen may say that there is nobody else who
i will undertake this work; but I tell you there are
. plenty of peisons who would jump at such an
enterprise. *
j Mr. QUITMAN. Permit me to s.iy that this
biU does not prevent Congress, at any tune, if the
euteiprise be profitable, lmm authorizing other
contractors to lay a track right by the side of this
track.
Mr. STANTON. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
from Virginia a question. 1 want to know of him
if he contemplates, by bis amendment, that the
i coipowitton of Washington shall, by taxation
j upon the citizens, raise a fund,and build the r:\il-
j road, and then appoint persons to manage it, and
' make Uself the operator of a line of omnibuses
between hete and Georgetown ? Is that the idea ?
' Mr. SMITI l, of Virginia. Certainly, sir.
| Mr. STANTON*. Well, it is a novel one to
; me.
; Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. Wonderfully novel,
indeed; wonderfully novel, eeitainly. [L.iuuh-
let.] I hold that there would be no difficulty
■ about it in the world.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would like to
know what the pending amendment is?
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. Does the gentle-
; man want to put a question to me?
! Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh, no.
i Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then 1 would like
I to know how the gentleman got the floor?
I Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I made, if it please
! the Chair, a very seiious effort, and leached the
i floor with difficulty. [Laughter.]
|| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the pending amendment is the one offered by
'I the gentleman from 'Virginia, [Mr. Smitii,] to
i; strike out the names of the paities in the bill and
'j insert the corporation of Washington.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Do I understand
J the gentleman from Virginia to offer an amend-
■; ment to confer this right upon the corporation of
l! Washington ?
j! Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do, sir.
;j Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Wdl lie permit
' me to ask him whether he ha-* any knowledge that
i the corporation would be willing to build the rail-
road ? And will he state to the committee what is
the present indebtedness of the corporation, and
'' what its capacity would be to put aline of railroad^
! m operation?
1 Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If three of the cit-
izens of Washington can build it, 1 think that
I all the citizens together can do it without doubt.
,} What does the gentleman think of that? [Laugh-
il ter.] I think that a corporation, whose stock is
above par, can raise money enough to lay down
a railroad track for a mile and a half, ana stock
the road, too. But the House will observe that I
propose to give this franchise to the corporation
of the city of Washington, and to give them power
to deal with the question, instead of our doing it.
If there be money to be made by it, let all have a
finger in it. If there be a large profit to be real-
ized from it, let it be diffused. Let it go into the
common treasury, and diminish the taxation,and
perhaps diminish the demands of the city upon
us.
But, I again ask, and I should like the gentle-
man from Georgia, or the innocent gentleman
from Ohio, to answer the question, why it is that
we should grant this franchise to these three per-
sons?
j Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman guar-
1 anty that if his amendment prevails, the city of
1 Washington will not quarter the expense of the
I concern on the national Treasury?
' Mr. FLORENCE. Or ask Congress to make
; appropriations to relieve them?
! Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is a very per-
■ tincnt inquiry; and I would ask the gentleman
| whether if the city of Washington made money
; out of the transaction—as these three persons to
! whom the franchisees to be accorded expect to
do—they would serk to quarter the expense on
i the national Treasury?
| Mr. STANTON. I will tell the gentleman that
- I never knew a municipal corporation that was
! capable of managing an enterprise of this sort. It
' is a matter of piofit or loss to individuals, and it
requires a private coiporation or individual enter-
j prise to attend to such things. State or national
corporations usually lose money in enterprises
; that would be profitable to individuals. That is
i the experience of the whole country, and cvery-
! body knows it.
! Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order;
1 and it is, that these mtenuptions are not in order.
The gentleman from Virginia should be allowed
' to pioceed.
The CU AIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia yielded the floor to the gentleman from Ohio
! to answer a question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have asked ic-
; peatedly, in different directions of this House,
why it is that we should grant what is unnnstake-
, ably a valuable franchise to these three gentlemen.
I have not been answered. I have heard no rea-
son given why these three gentlemen should enjoy
: this privilege exclusively. I would like to know
Mr. HOWARD. 1 wish to answer the gen-
tleman. I never heard of this bill until within the
i hist hour. I do not know anything about it pri-
; vately, nor do I care. But this bill proposes that
1 these men shall build tins load within a specified
1 time, and in a particular manner, and it gives thir?
veiy corpoiation of Washington the privilege of
taking the property at any time for what it is
worth. Now, if the corporation can build the
road in six months, let them do u; but these men
propose to do it within that time; and it makes
no difference who does it, provided the load is
built.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. With the
permission of the gentleman fiom Virginia, I will
answer his question. One of the gentlemen named
in the bill is the proprietor of the lme of omnibuses
now in operation between the Capitol and George-
town,and the Capitol and the Navy-Yard, and in-
asmuch as the construction of the railroad would
destroy large vested interests of his, the commit-
tee considered it right and fair to allow lum this
privilege.
I will state further, that at the time this bill was
approved by the Committee for the Distnct of
Columbia, no other proposition was before that
committee; and I believe that up to the time the
bill was reported to the House, no other parties
had applied for permission to build the road._
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, i believe that it is
an undeniable fact, that Mr. Vanderweiken, the
owner of the omnibus line between the Capitol
and Georgetown, was opposed, in the first in-
stance, to the construction of the raihoad, but he
has since been brought in and made a paity to
tins rich endowment. The idea that he has vested
lights—I must be pardoned for saymg—is rather
an amusing one.
Vestc-d r-ghts m a lme of om-
nibusses running on a public highway!
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
