1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Eress approval of the Cincinnati platform, and by-
is official obligation as the Chief Executive officer
of this U nion; and when, one year ago, on the steps
of this Capitol, he swore before Heaven to take
care that the laws should be faithfully executed,
the great Democratic heart of this nation throbbed
•with exuitantgratulation, because no man doubted
that he would scrupulously fulfill that obligation.
The President was not responsible for the action
of the Lecompton convention, but he was under
the most solemn obligation to see that the Kansas-
Nebraska act should be faithfully executed; and
when he brings the whole weight of the executive
influence, its patronage inclusive, to bear, to en-
force the flagrant violation of that act involved m
the sanction of the Lecompton constitution, he
not only assumes the responsibility of that great
wrong, but violates his pledges and swerves from
the obligations of his high office. Sir, there are
provisions in this constitution to which I am op-
posed, but I have not time to enumerate them.
My objections to them are insuperable, fatal; and
being so, had I been a resident of Kansas, duty
would have constrained me to vote against the
constitution as a whole; but then, by the very
terms of the submission, I would have been ex-
cluded from that high privilege, because, when I
would have recorded my vote for or against sla-
very, I would have been compelled to vote for the
constitution. Is it not probable that thousands
of honest, bona fide, citizens of Kansas, who have
been so severely censured by the President and
others for failing to vote at that election, withheld
their votes for this very reason, namely, that the
constitution was obnoxious to them, and that
they could not pay so dearly for the privilege of
expressing their opinions on the slavery question
by voting for a constitution they could not op-
prove ? I am informed by gentlemen of the first
respectability that such was the fact, and that, to
a great extent, the meager vote on that occasion
may be accounted for by this fact alone.
Again, the President says:
" I trust, however, the example set by the last Congress,
requiring that the constitution of Minnesota' should be sub-
ject to the approval and ratification of the people of the
proposed State,' may he followed on future occasions. I
took it for granted that the convention of Kansas would act
in aecoidance with this example, founded, as it is, on cor-
rect punciples , and hcnce mi/ instructions to Governor
Walker, in favor of submitting the constitution to the people,
were ez}tresscd in general and unqualified, term'.'1''
If the principle is right of submitting all future
constitutions to the approval and ratification of
the people, and that is to be the rule on all future
occasions, why is Kansas to be made an exception
to the rule ? Where is the necessity for this ex-
traordinary haste? Where is the justice for Con-
gress to disregard this wholesome rule which the
President so cordially indorses, in order that Kan-
sas may be thrust into the Union against the will
of her people? If the principle is correct in one
case, it must be in another; and consistency, as
well as justice and good faith to the people of
Kansas, demands of us to make the same appli-
cation of this just rule to the people of Kansas,
as to any future Territory which may apply for
admission into the Union.
The cherished object of the President is to lo-
calize the difficulties in Kansas, by forcing her
into the Union under the Lecompton constitu-
tion. I am confident that his object can never
be attained in this way; and persistence in his
policy will only aggravate the evils of which
he complains. It seems to me irrational to come
to any other conclusion. The question itself is
general, and not local, in its character. The in-
terest the people feel in it will not down at the bid-
ding of any President. There is a love of liberty
and justice animating the hearts of our country-
men, that will rebel against any act, which, like
this, appears to them to be one of oppression and
tyranny without a parallel in the history of this
free country. Suppose they should resist the en-
forcement of this constitution with their lives, if
need be. The struggle begun, think you the peo-
ple of Kansas will not find sympathizers in other
States ? Men will go; you cannot restrain them
from o-oing there to aid their friends in what they
consider a struggle for the rights of freemen.
Neither the North nor the South will look pas-
sively upon the struggle. A fraternal war be-
tween the contending parties may ensue, and the
fair plains of Kansas may be the common battle-
field between the North and the South. Wno
can contemplate such an event without a shudder
of horror ? Who can foretell what will be its is-
sue? Can the Union survive it? Would not the
last hope for constitutional freedom have fled the
earth with the consummation of this ill-advised
scheme ? I may be mistaken; my fears may not
be well grounded; I could hope they might not
be; but no man who calmly surveys the field be-
fore him, can shut his eyes to the imminent peril
to which the country will be exposed, if this act
of tyranny and oppression shall be consummated.
If, however, I am mistaken in all this, and the
people of Kansas shall quietly and peaceably sub-
mit, still the wrong has been done, a great prin-
ciple has been violated, and the Democratic party
will be held responsible for it; and in the distant
future, when the Territories, North and South,
knock at the doors of Congress for admission into
the Union, we shall be again at sea without chart
or compass to guide us in our action in the settle-
ment of this vexed question. The battle of sla-
very will be reopened; political gladiators, North
and South, will fight it over again and again, to
the end that they may obtain place, and power.
The country will be convulsed and agitated, its
business, peace, and prosperity disturbed, and the
Union itself imperiled; then, sir, is it not better
for us all to stand by and maintain, with scrupu-
lous regard, the principle of popular sovereignty,
so just m itself, and so well calculated to settle
and allay forever this dangerous and exciting
question? And shall we, after the long and ardu-
ous struggle through -which we have passed in
order to establish this great principle on a firm
and enduring basis, sacrifice it upon the altar of
expediency, in this, our first attempt to apply it
practically to one of the Territories.
It is said that" Kansas has, for some years, oc-
cupied too much of the public attention." No one
has felt the force of this suggestion more than
myself; no one has more sincerely desired to get
rid of it; no one has more deeply deplored the
continuance of this irritating agitation. Bat shall
we, therefore, perpetrate a wrong, the conse-
quence of which will be to make the very name
of Kansas a word of horror to future generations?
In my opinion, this is not the time, nor has the
President suggested the proper plan for quieting
this fearful agitation. His motives may be good;
his plan may meet the approbation of his own
conscience; but the experiment, I fear, must prove
a miserable failure. Is it likely, I ask> does any-
body believe that public attention W'll be with-
drawn, and that the excitement that pervades the
public mind everywhere, will be calmed and al-
layed by the perpetration of a wrong on the peo-
ple of that Territory ? On the contrary, will it not
rekindle the flame, and make the contest more
fierce and bitter than ever?
Sir, I have already shown that the submission
of the question of slavery to the people of Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution on the 21st
day of December last, was, by its terms, unfair,
unjust, and morally, if not legally void; because
the people could not vote on that question with-
out first voting for the constitution, whether they
approved it or not. Now, sir, before that election
was held, the Legislature of Kansas, admitted by
all to be a legal representative body, and having
full' power and authority to do so, passed an act
on the 17th day of December, in which they pro-
vided that a fair election should be held at the
several places of voting in the Territory on the
4th day of January, at which every legal voter
should have the right of recording his vote "for
or against the constitution,5' as a whole, "for
the (Tonstitution with slavery,"and " for the con-
stitution without slavery.' This election was
recognized as legal by the President, and, as he
himself says in his special message, was '"peace-
fully conducted under his instructions. 1 he re-
turns were all properly made to Governor Denver;
no charge of fraud, violence, or illegal voting, has
been alleged from any quarter. The result of this
election, as appears by the proclamation of (gov-
ernor Denver, the President of the Council, and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives,
dated the 26th day of January last, is as follows:
Against the Lecompton constitution........ 10,-22^ votes.
For the Lecgmpton constitution with^m^ery, ,,
showing a clear majority, at this legal and fair-
election, against the Lecompton constitution, ot
! ten thousand and sixty-four votes. At the date
of this official proclamation, the retarns from sev-
eral precincts had Dot been received by the Gov-
ernor and are not enumerated in' theabove count,
but have since been made, and have increttseii the
majority against the constitution to quitfi twelve
thousand votes. Here is an emphatic expfessiopy
at a fair election, of more than twelve thousand
votes against the-Lecompton constitution.,- *;  ■
Now, sir, let us turn, for a moment, to the elec-
tion held on the 21st of December, which the.'
President so pertinaciously recognizes as the fair
expression of the people of Kansas, and uponi
which he recommends its immediate and uncon-
ditional admission into the Union. The. returns
of this election were made to John Calhoun, pres-
ident of the convention, and by him opened, and
the votes counted in the presence of the President
of the Council and the Speaker of the House, on
the 13th day of January last, and the result de-
clared as follows:
Constitution with slavery 6,143 votes.
Constitution without slavery  589 "
Majority... ....^,5,574  
From the proclamation of the President of the;
Council and Speaker of the House, it appears
that one half of the majority vote was cast at the
very sparsely-settled precincts in the Territory;
two of them^n the Shawnee reserve, on lands not
open for settlement, to wit:
Oxford, Johnson county 
Shawnee      729;
Kickapoo, Leavenworth 1,017
Total .3,012.
which they allege to be fraudulent, and the truth
of which charge has never, to my knowledge,
been contradicted. Then, sir, how does the ac-
count stand ? Here it is;
Majority against the Lecompton constitution at the election
of January 4   19,000
Majority for the constitution with slavery at the elec-
tion of December 91 5,574
Deduct illegal and fraudulent votes, as above..3,012
And you have for,the Lecompton constitution...... 2,582-
And a clear majority against the Lecompton consti-
tution of.      '• fl,438
Could an expression of popular disapprobation
of a measure be more decided and emphatic ? It
dispels the illusions with which it has been at-
tempted to invest the subject; it comes in an au-
thentic form, without the taint or suspicion of
fraud, as the voice of the people, speaking for
themselves through the ballot-box, imploring, de-
manding of us, not to stifle theirwill by Congres-
sional intervention. And this, too, is the only
clear and positive expression of the will of the
people of Kansas on the question of slavery ot
no slavery in that Territory; for the convention
had so shaped their constitution, by that trick ot
word-jugglery in which they have shown them-
selves such adepts, that the adoption of the " con-
stitution without slavery" would have secured,
so far as a constitution could, the perpetuity of
slavery in that Territory. Sir, how can this voice
of the people, thus expressed, be disregarded?
How can the President, how can the gentlemen
on this floor who have come into power and place
upon the Democratic doctrine that the majority
shall have the right to form and regulate their own
domestic institutions, rob them of this inalienable
right, stifle their voice, and disregard theirwill,
by compelling them to submit to laws they do not
like, and have not approved ? It is a fearful re-
sponsibility, and, for one, I will not assume it.
The Presidentsays that "eversince the period
of his inauguration a large portion of the people
of Kansas have been in a state of rebellion against
the territorial government;"that"they have never
acknowledged, but have constantly menaced and
defied, the government to which they owe alle-
giance, and have been all the time in a state of
resistance against its authorities," &c.; and that
"the speedy admission of Kansas into the Union
under the Lecompton constitution would restore
peace and quiet to the whole country."
There can be no doubt of the fact that there
has been, and yet is, a party of rebels in Kansas,
but the fact was known to the President, he ad-
mits, from the time of his inauguration, at the
very time he was earnestly recommending the sub-
mission of the constitution to these same rebels,
