268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
admitted even by many of those gentlemen who
were pressing forward others to fill these places,
that the service was already too full: but the Sea-
ate and House of Representatives said, for the
purpose of repairing wrong, for the purpose of
restoring men to places from which they have
been unjustly ejected—v/e will enlarge this list.
That was the very principle of the act of last ses-
sion—that, to the extent of doing justice to these
men, the list should be enlarged. That I want
carried out. The Senator from Mississippi pro-
poses no new scheme, no novelty, for these men.
We are not changing the settled policy of this
Government, from sympathy. We are endeav-
Oi mg to give to these officers the same protection
which is accorded to others in the public service;
no more, no less. I should like to know from my
friend from Virginia on what principle one of
these men is not entitled to that protection which
the practice of the Government and the laws of
the land have given to all other officers in the
Aimy and the Navy ? This protection is to-day
enjoyed by those who have not suffered injustice:
you only debar from it the victims of perfidious
treachery.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, it was far from
my intention to be drawn into this discussion;
but really some arguments have been introduced
this morning into the Senate that strike me with
some surprise. The argument of the honorable
Senator from Mississippi is, that the effect of the
amendment,as H now standsupon his resolution,
is to place an officer, if a vacancy happens, below
those who were previously below him. Precisely
the reverse of that is the effect of the Senator's
resolution. If one of those officers is brought
back into the active list by the effect of the reso-
lution, he is to be brought back in precisely the
position he occupied before. That is his resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. Without the amendment.
Mr. STUART. Docs the amendment change
it? Not at all; but it provides that you cannot
bring him back to that position until there is a
vacancy in that position.
Mr. DAVIS. I think I can state to the. Sena-
tor the difference. There never will be a vacancy
m that position, whilst navies float, or the earth
stands, because every vacancy closes up as rap-
idly as water succeeds the dipping of a drop out
of the ocean, lie must come in at the foot, and
when he comes in at the foot he comes with a
commission of that date and cannot rank those
who are senior to him.
Mr. STtJART. if the Senator is right in that
statement, then it must be equally true that either
no man in that position will ever die, or else that,
having died, the President will not discharge his
duty under this law; because, according to this
law, whenever a vacancy does happen in that
grade, the President is, by the very terms of the
resolution, authorized to fill'it with one of these
very men. There is no such thing as filling it up
by operation of law Here is the very resolution
which the Senator himself has introduced intended
to prevent it. Theic can be no misunderstanding
the effcrtoftlus resolution. Without the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, the individual
is brought back, if the action of the President and
Senate be favorable, to precisely the position he
occupied before; and the objection is, that thereby
thci active list is increased and unnecessarily in-
creased. Therefore, in order to sustain the posi-
tion occupied by him, the Senator from Missis-
sippi assumes, against the effect of his resolution
and against the effect of the duty of the President
of the United States, that these individuals will
come back m a lower grade.
Cut, sir, there is another and a more serious
objection, which I indicated befoie, and winch I
was m hopes the Senator from Mississippi, or .
some other Senator, would remedy. I ask who !
are these individuals that have had injustice done
to them now; and how many are there of them?
It is said that it is not necessary to inquire. The
Senator from Mississippi says he does not care
to inquire. I do. Before 1 vote for a law which
is to authorize the President of the United States
to increase the active list at his pleasure, I want :
to know the instances, and how many there are, '
that require this extraordinary interposition of
Congress. It was the very foundation of my
objection that the Senate is called upon now to
legislate, to remedy evils when there is no in-
formation as to what the evils are.
If there were any gentlemen who had presented
their memorials here and had them referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, or to any other
committee, and upon an investigation thus had,
that committee had reported to the Senate that
there were one, two, three, or a thousand cases
where gross injustice had been done by these
courts of inquiry, the Senate would then have a
ground upon which to act; but now it is destitute
of anything but an imaginary case. The Senator
from Georgia has instanced the case of Commo-
dore Stewart. I do not understand that he has
been before these courts of inquiry, and therefore
no injustice has been done to him by the courts of
inquiry. It will be seen that the advocates of this i
measure have sought—I care not whether it is !
designed or not, but the effect of the argument is \
—to enlist the sympathies of the Senate to look ;
after imaginary cases. I did not hear the precise :
remarks of the honorable Senator from Missis- \
sippi; but the only objection I made to his expres- j
sion of his sympathy was that he did not stand !
alone, that he had no more sympathy than any |
other Senator,and I hope no less. That was my
statement.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not understand the Sena-
tor as measuring my sympathy, because I had not
said that I had any when he made his remark. I
thought he was taking a broad sweep at creation
generally, and me as a part of it.
Mr. STUART. The Senator has forgotten his
remarks of Monday [Mr Davis. Oh; you are
after nie for what I said on Monday!] when he i
proclaimed himself, as I thought, the champion i
of the rights of man. j
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; not at all. It is very |
fluttering to me that the Senator should mistake I
me for a champion of the rights of mon; but I I
certainly never so proclaimed myself. j
Mr. STUART. Well, sir, there cannot be any 1
ground of misunderstanding certainly between the j
honorable Senator and myself on this subject; but j
1 did think, and t repeat, and beg paidon for rc- ;
peating, that it was remarkable that the Senate I
should be callcd upon to pass a law, and having j
passed it, to reconsider it, and revise it, when we
are not told of a single case requiring it. The
resolution itself proceeds on the ground thnt there
may be such cases. If they shall occur, if the
President, in the course of his examination, shall
find, or may have found, any such cases, then the
resolution is to be operative.
Mr. DAVIS. It the Senator is going to vote
with me, which 1 hope he is, from the course of
his argument, I wd! ask him to permit me to \
state a rase. j
Mr. STUART. With pleasure. |
Mr. DAVIS. I said the other day that t was
very reluctant to go into the individual question of |
who was wronged. 1 said that, un 'ess pressed to it, :
I would not mention any individual case. Being !
pressed, 1 am willing to meet the issue. I knew
an officer, the son of as gallant a soldier as ever ;
wore the uniform of the United States, and known j
by you, sir, [Mr. Fitzpatiuck in the chair,] as
onre the model soldier. After years of^ood con-
duct, he was sent to the coast of Africa as lieu- j
tenant of the Navy. The commanding officer of J
the vessel, on account of sickness in his family, ■
was compelled to return home. He turned iver .
the vessel, with confidence, to that lieutenant, and 1
he commanded it with such skill and good judg- '
ment that the officer to whom he surrendered the :
vessel, complimented him on the condition of his 1
ship and his crew. He appeared before this court'
and admitted that at an early period of his life he 1
had been intemperate. It was proven that for
six years his conduct had been entirely exemplary '
in that respect, anil that his moral conduct had .
never been called in question. That officer has not
been restored. He comes under the very category
for which this resolution provides. !
Then again, sir, it chanced that when I was in ■
a different department of this Government, an
officer in the Navy, a commander, having chaige -
of a small vessel m Puget's sound at a time when '
the savages were laying waste the country along !
the coast, landed his command, and cooperated !
with the troops, and gallantly protected the citi-
zens, drove back the savages, and in such a sig- i
nal manner manifested his own gallantry and skill j
that I had to compliment him in a letter addressed I
to the Navy Department returning the thanks of j
the Army to the Navy for the service he had rcn- *
dered. At that very moment this board here had
his case under consideration; and at length it came
out that he was dropped from the Navy. There
is one, gallantly struggling with a savage foe in
Puget's sound; there is another, gallantly com-
manding a vessel on the coast of Africa—both of
them on duty and performing their duty well—and
they are struck down by a board sitting in secret,
on account of ancient transactions of these men.
Is that enough? There are two cases.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The Senator from Michigan
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. When he gets through I wish to
speak.
Mr. STUART. I will say to the honorable Sen-
ator that I do not claim any particular monopoly
of the floor. I only yielded it to give the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi an opportunity to
make his statement, and it was with no very great
degree of pleasure that I occupied it at all. The
cases to which the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi has referred, furnish us two instances, in
his opinion, and I do not wish to question the
correctness of his opinion.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not want my opinion taken.
I want the record these gentlemen have made,
after the President has examined it, to come be-
fore the Senate, and I want the Senate to decide
on the recorded facts.
Mr STUART. What I was urging to the
Senate was, that no case had been presented to
the Senate through its legitimate organs, the com-
mittees; that there was this remarkable fact, that
the Senate was about to pass a law to remedy
evils of the existence of which we had no evi-
dence, through our own organs.
Now, sir, 1 have a word to say on the subject
as presented by the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi. I never yet knew a ease where an in-
dividual, who, before any judicial tribunal, had
been defeated, was satisfied that justice had been
done him. But what is the fact here, upon the
Senator's aigument? He complains, taking his
view of this question, and with which I have
stated my disagreement, that an individual may
find himself superseded, if this amendment pre-
vails, by another individual whom he has ranked
in former days. But suppose this law prevails,
what then is the condition ? An officer, against
whom there has never been a single breath of
suspicion, finds himself displaced or"prevented m
promotion by an officer who has been decided
against by this secret board, as it is termed, and
decided against by a court of inquiry also. That
is his position. So there are two sides to this
question—a man twice condemned is made to
rank a man who has never been suspected at all.
fs that right? Is that justice ? I think not; and
I think it will be hardly considered to be justice
by the mature reflection and deliberation of Con-
gress. I ask—and I ask it with as much respect
for the opinions and action of the President, I
hope, as any other individual—by what rule of
propriety i;< Congress now going to proceed in
the euactmentof laws assuming that the courts
of inquiry, and the board of fifteen, have been
wrong-, and that the opinion of the President is to
correct it?
I must here deny, upon the principles govern-
ing humanity, that there was an inclination on
the part of these courts of inquiry improperly to
reject the applicant. I appeal to the cases which
have been tried. Take the list, and see how many
have been acted upon favorably by these very
courts. Although, like the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] my acquaintance personally with
the officers of the Navy is very small, I know at
least two cases \r winch, m my humble judgment,
that court has acted improperly, and I believe the
Senate will never confirm that action. I know one
case, a very strong one, where a man was got into
the Navy by political influence alone without any
service and without any merit.
I dislike as much as the Senator to refer to any
particular case, but I ask upon what basis is legis-
lation ever to proceed if the action of constituted
courts is to be set aside. Did anybody ever hear
of a case in a civil or a criminal tribunal, acting
upon individuals in civil life, where a portion of
the community thought the judgment of the court
and jury was improper; and has the Legislature
of the State been called upon, or Congress been
