2878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
know who are the persons to whom such privi-
leges are intrusted. We ought to know; who they
are before we give them a private fortune; and in
order to prevent this fortune being made in this
way, I propose to cut down the rate from five to
three cents.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. I am struck with sur-
prise, Mr. Chairman, in finding opposition to this
bill. We have been called on by various bills to
appropriate a large amount of money for this city,
and, after opposition, they have been passed; but
I do- not understand the opposition to this bilf,
which does not ask for the appropriation of a
dollar.
I regard this as a work of great improvement,
and as consulting, in a national point of view, the
interests of the country. This city is far behind
the times in having no good moans of communi-
cation between the Departments, and from one ex-
treme of the city to another. I am astonished,
I say, to see that there is opposition to it, when
it does not call upon the Treasury for a dollar;
but when we remember that large amounts of
money have been already appropriated from an al-
most empty Treasury, and still larger ones asked
for, we can appreciate the force of the opposi-
tion. We are now not asked for a dollar. We
are only asked for the privilege to be given to the
parties named to construct this road, which will
inure to the benefit of the entire community.
But the gentleman from Virginia objects to the
bill for the reason that it confers a franchise upon
some two or three persons, with whom the gen-
tleman is, unhappily, not acquainted. If he were,
the inference is that that objection would be re-
moved; bat as he has not had their acquaintance,
he shrewdly suspects that they may be money-
making men, and will derive some advantage by
constructing this work, which wilt be of great pub-
lic utility. it is a matter of no consequence to me
whether these men live in this city or out of it.
We want the work constructed, and they ask us
for the privilege of constructing it. In Philadel-
phia, in New York, and indeed in all the large
cities,we find these railroads traversmgthe streets,
and they are looked upon as a great public con-
venience.
The amount of fare may be regulated hereafter
by Congress. I believe (hat five, cents is an
amount tittle enough. It is the price that is
charged in New Yoik and in Philadelphia for a
like service 1 hope the bill will be laid aside to
be U'ported to the House.
Mr. STANTON. I move to strike out the en-
acting clause.
* The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. S TANTON moved that thec.ommittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the eoiiimttiee lose; and the Speaker having
resumed the cluur, Mr. Hopkins reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of ttic
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideiation, and particularly the special order on
business pertaining to the District of Columbia;
and had directed him to report to the House sun-
dry bills, some with and some without amend-
ments.
Mr. GOODE. I design calling the previous
question on all the bills reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
hut before doing so, I wish to let the amendment
suggested by my colleague [Mr. Letciiek] to the
laitioad bill come in. My impression is that
those amendments were agreed to by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, but were
omitted from the bill by some madvettencc.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
amendments.
The Clerk read the amendments offered by Mr.
XiETCiiER in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, but which were cut of! by
striking out the enacting clause.
Mr. AVERV. 1 ask the consent of the gentle-
man from Virgimu to allow me to oiler the amend-
ment which i offered hi committee.
Mr GOODE. I cannot yield for that purpose.
The previous question was then seconded upon
the several bills, and the main question ordered
to be put.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose the House is not
inclmed to take the question upon these bills this
evening; and as there are several gentlemen who
desire to make speeches on subjects not connected
with this bill, I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mitted of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the understanding that no business is to be
transacted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved (at ten minutes to
seven o'clock) that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to say to
the House, that, unless they intend that gentle-
men shall make hour speeches upon the appro-
priation bills, they should allow the motion to
prevail. Let gentlemen make speeches to-night
upon general subjects, and you save that much
time hereafter.
The motion was then agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bilumghurst in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 198)
making appropriations for the preservation anu
repair of fortifications and other works of de-
fense, barracks, and quarters, for the year ending
the 30i.li of June, 1859.
The committee was addressed by Mr. KELLY,
Mr. CRAGIN, Mr. KEITT, Mr. GILMAN,
Mr. BLISS, Mr. GILMER, Mr. MAYNARD,
and Mr. FOSTER. [These speeches will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee lose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the commit-
tee reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, accoidmg to order,
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and especially a bill making appropri-
ations for the prexei vation and repair of fortifica-
tions and olher woiks'of defense, barrack5?, and
quarters, for the year ending the 3l)(h of June,
Iy5i), and had come to no conclusion theteon.
And then, on motion of Mr. MAYNARD, (at
ten o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
We di'l not receive the tollowmjz letter Horn Mi. Reagan
until the instant, niter the Con-jie^Monal Globe had
been stereotyped, printed,and sent u> the exwemes of rhe
I hiion. We hud caused i he D.uU lobe eon turning ins re-
main io he laid on In* de.-k in the floiin; of Uepre t nt-
aiive.-, I lie mm inni; a ltd he made them, fin the pui po-e of
collecting any crior> he nn;;ht dneovei, m order to nmko
the i-.wonul Globe prfleet ; bur U seeiiw dial lie either
overt -oked the oi nealeeled to eoirect tliein All
that we can d<> now to mend the matter i<, to publish his
idler, and index it whete hi- iemaik< are pointed to in rhe
index, and thus enable the readei to find the eoireclion :
Washington, Mm/ 185S.
Dtar Sin: In my remaik-. on the lull to quiet land titles
in i\eiv Mouco, found on paire 2097 of the ConyrcsMonal
Globe, I am made to nav, •• We should iciiioniber that the
people of that Teriitorv'have occupied it t'oi ayes past, and,
that thru title-, are at oil as their oi i-j;in,and have pawed out
of mind f made iw1 ol no such non-eii^e. I said then
titles were as old as (he settlement ot the < ountry, and that
the origin ot many of them had passed out of mind.
Ajjain, i am made to say a similar class of titles had been
efiiemf/i/'' litigated in Texiit?. f '-aid
-ivclv-'1
aieely airy one but the repoi ter* for the Globe would use
such a wotd in such a connection.
Again, I am made to «,tv, •' I a.sseit that, tinder the Con-
stitution of the United States, we had no power to loice
upon men the necessity of ad|iwm<; their titles. My state-
ment was, that undei the fon-timtion of the f'rnu d States
we had no power to force men to i pad judicata perfect title':.
These aie .^oine of the eirois t see in the report of those
remat kf, and. as you m>c, do ni" meat injustice I have^ be
fere made verbal com plaint to you of a garbled repoi t of my
lemaiks on another subject, and I trust f shall not have to
complain of the same tlinni again. Will vou give this cor
reetion a place m the Globe i Veiy le^pectiuiJy,
JOHN H. REAGAN.
John C. Rxvns, E-q.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, A.Jay 25, 1858.
Prayer by the Rev. F. Swentzel.
The Journal of yesterday was rend and approved.
senators from minnesota.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary of
the Senate has asked the direction of the Presid-
ing Officer as to the time at which the compensa-
tion of the Senators from Minnesota shall com-
mence. The Chair Supposes that, under the law,
he would have a right to certify the compensation,
and his certificate would be final; but he prefers
to lay the matter before the Senate, and if they
have no objection, to have it referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee, inasmuch as there has been some
irregularity on this question on the admission of
new States. The Chair lays before the Senate the
letter of the Secretary, and it will be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of John
Leach, praying to be allowed the benefit of the
act of June 7,1832, granting pensions to soldiers
of the Revolution; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MASON". I present a memorial from the
corporate authorities of Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, setting forth certain grievances
that have resulted to their town by reason of
former legislation of Congress, and remonstiating
more pa^cularly against a proposition now be-
fore the Senate to withdraw a portion of the cor-
porate territory from the limits of the corpora-
tion. For information, and as the memorial comes
from a very respectable body of our own citizens
near at hand, I move that it lie on the table, and
be printed. *
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table;
and the motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That W. \V. Coy have leave to withdraw the
papers relating to his claim.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Mary Jane Maltby, submitted an
adverse report.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Matthew Flausburgh,
submitted an adverse report.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the hill (II. R. No. 232) for the re-
lief of Margaret Whitehead, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. IV ERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph G.
Ileaton. submitted an adverse report; which v/as
otdered to be printed; and asked to bedischarged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Miles Judson, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
407) for the relief of Miles Judson, surety on the
official bond of the late Purser Andrew D. Cros-
by. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
report recommitted.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Robert Mori is, together
with the advene lepoit in the case, be recommitted to the
Committee on Naval Affaus.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S. No.
407) to authorize the city of Washington to dis-
tribute and use the water soon to be introduced
therein from the Potomac river; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
expenditures in district of columbia.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tions; which were considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior cau*e to bs
prepaied and laid before Congress, at the openmjr of the
next session, a statement of fill the e\penditurea from tite
national Tieasuiy for public and private pui poses in the
District oi Columbia, (excluding the salaries of public ofli-
ctis,) fiom tiie time the seatol Government was. located at
Washington to the clo-e of the pie.-ent fiscal jeai, -pcci-
fvui" the object for winch each expcndituie was made, and
cinanuing each under its. appropriate head, a-* near aa may
be : and
Resolved, farther, That the said Secretary be requested
to have piepared a table showing the number of town lots
originally owned by the United States in the city of Wash-
ington, tiie number sold and the sum tor which they were
sold, the number reserved, and their value: and that he
