.316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong-..1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hatch.
Ho. of Reps.
they could at once and forever have settled this
slavery agitation? Look at their course briefly.
When the vexed question of slavery between the
northern and southern Democracy was settled at
Cincinnati, and they united in favor of the right
of the people to settle it in the Territories, the
Republican Opposition united in favor of congres-
sional prohibition of slavery, and against popular
sovereignty. In all the territorial steps for the
formation of Kansas into a State, and its early
admission into the Union as a State, they have
resisted. Even after a registry of voters was made,
in order to remove all cause of complaint, and
Federal troops were stationed there to secure an
"unobstructed passage to the ballot-box," these
men still resisted, and criminally refused to par-
ticipate in the election. When the constitution
was formed, which all concede to be a good one,
and the only clause about which men had differed
(the slavery clause) was submitted,they still re-
fuse, all the time claiming a numerical majority of
at least five to one. Now, when Kansas makes
application with this constitution, which they had
the power to make or alter, and asks us to admit
her as a State, they, with impudent audacity,
claim it should be rejected, because there was a
numerical, rebellious majority against it, who
stayed at home, and criminally refused to dis-
charge their duties as American freemen. This
is the kind of popular sovereignty they now advo-
cate ! When compelled to admit they had the
power to reject slavery in the constitution, they
say that is no hmger an issue there. The issue
now with them is, the popular sovereignty of a
numerical majority m rebellion against the legal
majority of the I>,\liot-hox. When Piesident Cal-
houn admits "■ fuuuU" m the election on the 4th
of January, in which they all participated and
thus iocogni/.«4d the validity of the Lecnmpion
constitution, and  ives ihe '•erlificatex of election
to a majority of the fiee-Stnte parly in the Le^is-
latu re, in face of lho.se repeated ch.i rge.i i hat 1 he.se
eerlifieafi's were withheld by him lo give to the
pro-slavery parly after Kansas should lie admit-
ted as a State, they very coolly turn aiound and
argue that he had no authority. Then inconsist-
encies and fallacies are palpable. .None can mis-
take the logical deductions from them. They op-
pose law, order, pence; and are always jubilant
over the prospect of" amuchy, strife, and blood-
sin d." No sophistry can conceal the motive; it
is plain; it is undeniable. They w<ie bound to
cioutnine this sti ifo, " that their part y might profit
by slavery agitation in the northern States." Why
talk about u fiauds" or disfranchisement of pre-
cincts, m dealing with this erring and rebellious
people? To reject this Lecompton constitution
js to protract this slavery agitation. It is more:
il is to yield to the thieats and arms of icbels.
Machiavelh said to the prince, 44 it is better to
have the hatred of your people than their con-
tempt."
There is only one way to set'ic this slavery
agnation, and that is to admit Kansas as a State
any way, then withdraw the Federal troops, and
thiowupon the people there the responsibility of
"regulating their domestic institutions in then-
own way."
Jiut, sir, in spite of all the efforts of this free-
State party in Kansas and their allies to keep up
this agitation, there is a solution of these Kansas
difficulties, and the President lias presented it—
and i will hcie add that it comes fioin one who
has been selected by the instinctive wisdom of the
Democratic masses as the representative head of
this Republic, clothed with executive powers by
their sovereign will, and one to whom earthly am-
bition can have no further temptation,and human
obligation no tie remaining so strong as fidelity to
his God and the Republic.
What does he say m his second message ?
'• Slavery can, therelore, never bo piohibited in Kansas,
ONcept by means- of a con^liuitionai piovi-ion, and m no
"Iher manner can thif> be obtained sc> pioinpily. il <i major-
ity of the people de-ire it, as by admitting it into the Union
under its piesent constitution
On the other hand, should Congress reject the consti-
tution, under tile idea of attoHlinsthc disaffected in Kansas
a third opportunity of prohibiting Mavciv m the State—
u !ik h they miirbt have done twice befoiu if m the ma|oru\ —
no man can foretell the consequences. If Congress", for the
sake of thete men who icUi^od to -vote lor delegates to the
convention, \\ hen the} might have excluded slaveiy from
the constitution, nnd who afterwards retu.-od to vote on the
£ist December ia-t, wheu thc\ might, aj tlioy claim, have
strickcn slavery from the constitution, should now ie ect
the State, because slaveiy remains in the constitution, it i->
manifest that the agitation upon tins dangoious subject will
be renewed in a more alarming foim than it has ever yet
assumed.
" Every patriot in the country had indulged the hope that
the Kansas and Nebraska act woutd put a final end to the
slavery agnation, at least in Congress, which had for more
than twenty years convulsed the country and endangered
the Union. This act involved great and fundamental prin-
ciples, and, if fanly earned into eflfcet, will settle the ques-
tion. Should the agitation be again revived—should the peo-
ple of the sister States be again estranged from each other
with more than their foimer bitterness—this will ause from
a cause, so far as the interests of Kansas are concerned, more
trifling and insignificant than had ever stirred the elements
of a gieat people into commotion. To the people of Kansas
the only practical difference between admission or rejection
depends simply upon the fact, whether they can themselves
more speedily change the present constitution, if it does not
accord with the will of the majoiity,oi fiaine a second con-
stitution to be submitted to Congress hereafter. Even if this
were a question of mere expediency, and not of right, the
small ditierence of tune, one way or the other, is ot nor the
least importance, when contrasted with the evils which
must necessauly result to the whole country from a icvival
of the slavery agitation.
" In considering this question, it should never be forgotten
thai, in propoition to its insignificance, let the decision be
what it may, so far as it may affect the few thousand inhab-
itants of Kansas who have, from the beginning, resisted the
constitution and the laws, foi tins veiy iea>on, the rejection
ol the eonstitulion will be so much the mote keenly felt by
the people of fourteen of the States of this Union where
slavery is recognized under the Constitution of the United
States.
"Again: the speedy admission of Kansas into the Union
would lestorc peace and quiet to the wholu country. Al-
icady the aHaus of the T-rutory have onjjio&M.'d an undue
piopoition of public attention. Thev have sadl\ affected
the fiiemily relations of the people of the Suites with e.icli
other, and alarmed the fear^ ofpatuots for the snlctj o! the
IJmon Kansas once admitted into the Union, the <>.\eite
ineut become-- localized, and will <oon die awav for want
of out-ide aliment. Then every dillieuity will be settled at
the ballot box.'*
Now, sir, I will refer to some of the popular
fallacies which are put forth by our opponents
against this admission.
One allegation is, that the whole constitution
was not submitted,and therefore it should be le-
jeet<-d. This ! understand to he the position of
f he Senator A om Illinois. Th is is certainly a mod -
ern test he has inaugurated. I admit it is n taking
and plausible one- yet all know that a majority of
(he constitutions of the old States forming this
Union were adopted by conventions, and never
submitted iothe people. A majority of new States
have been ml milted without submission of consti-
tutions to the people. No instance can be found
where Confess has lequircd constitutions to be
submitted to the people except Minnesota. A
mnjonty have been admitted without enabling1
acts; indeed, it is charged that in the very Toombs
lull for organizing Kansas, the Senator consented
to strike out the clause of submission. All agree
that it is the wisest policy to submit constitutions
to popular vote, but 1 contend it is only a question
of expediency; it is either weakness, madness, or
wickedness, in this ease, to make it a test. We
want no more n''w tests for northern Democracy;
that Senator inaugurated one in Ida J, and the seat
of every Democratic member of this House who
sanctioned it was vacated in the fall election, and
I he northern Democracy, though they supported
it as a party measure, had no reason to thank its
author for imposing on them the task of its sup-
port,. The northern Democracy have had enough
tests upon the repent of the Missouri line and the
Kansas-Nebraska bill; they want repose; at any
Kite, we want no new phase given to it by its
author, and no new tests administered by him to
us. Northern Democracy grow sick under them;
Republicanism, perhaps, may thrive under them.
In the view 1 take of this question, no right of
the people has been impaired or lost by the non-
subm^ssion of the whole Lecompion constitution
to the people of Kansas. Congress has the power
" to admit new Slates,"section three, article four.
The only obligation incurred by the admission is
the guarantee to every State of a republican form
of government.
So, sir, Congress can even admit a State before
it has formed a constitution, leaving the people in
their own time and m their own way to make a
constitution.
SOVEREIGNTY OF THE PEOrLE CANNOT BE LIMITED
BY LEGISLATURES OR CONSTITUTIONS.
One of the main objections urged against the
Lecompton constitution by those opposed to its
reception by Congress is, that it contains the fol-
lowing provision:
"Spc. 14 After the year 185-1, whenever the Lejji-lature
shall think it necessaiyto amend, alter, and charge tins
constitution, they shall recommend to the elector*, at the
next general election, two thirds of the membm&of each
House concurring, to vote for or against calling a conven-
tion."
The Lecompton constitution specifically directs
that the same may be amended, m a certain man-
ner, after the year 1864. There is no prohibition
against action before that time.
I add to this the clause from the bill of rights,
which I consider forms part of the constitution;
but whether it does or not, it embraces the theory
of our free institutions, and is almost in the pre-
cise language of our Declaration of Independence:
" All political powei is inherent in the people, and all fiee
Governments aie founded on their authority, nnd uwluuted
for th"ir benefit, and theiefoie they have at all times an in-
alienable and indefeasible ii?ht to altei. reform, or abolish
their form of govern meat m such manner us they may think
pioper."
No man doubts but that, on the separation
of these colonies from the British sovereign, the
people of the colonies seized the crown and scep-
ter on this continent; the people became the sov-
ereign. If the people possess the sovereignty, then
they can have no superior. Sovereignty must
exist somewhere. State constitutions are lim-
itations upon Legislatures—upon public agents.
The power of the people is unlimited; the power
of government is limited; it is the creature of
the soveieignty of the people—always subject to
their will. To admit any power of limitation
above and upon the people, i*> to admit a usurpa-
tion of the sovereignty of the people, and there
would then be no point where this usurpation
would stop, except in despotism. Sovereignty in
thr Government is uwpahon; in the people it is
liberty; in the former it ends in tyranny; in the lat-
ter creates equality. The late Emperor of Russia
said there could not bo in time any intermediate
government's between the government of one man
and the government of the people. The " Holy
Allies," at Laybach, in 1821, avowed that there
ought not to be " any changes of government ex-
cept they emanate from those whom God has ren-
dered responsible for power."
I will now, sir, refer to authorities bearing upon
these questions. They will be found sustained
by the fathers of the Republic, from Washington
to Huchanan.
All the writers on free government, preceding
the American Revolution, avowed the right of the
people to self-government m its fullest extent.
Our American Constitution was only the applica-
tion of these principles. Its authors applied them
to free governments, as Fulton and Morse applied
well-known principles in sciencc to the uses of
man kind.
Sydney said, chapter one, section six:
" God leaves to man the choice of forms of Governments,
and those who constitute one form may abrogate it."
Chapter three, section thirty-three:
II Liberty being only the exemption from the dominion
of another, the question ought not to be how a nation came
to be fiee, but how man coino to have dominion ovei it ;
lot till the right of dominion be pioved and justdh-d, liberty
subsets as ansing liom the natuie and being of man."
Locke maintained the theory of the social com-
pact by express or implied assent, and placed the
former in the majority of the people, without dis-
tinction of property or qualification. Ho further
held that the legislative power derived from tins
compact reverted to the people when it became
necessary to resume it, and that they might erect
a new form as they think good. (Chanter thir-
teen, section one hundred and forty-nine.)
The early Presidents of the Republic, who
studied government in the school of the Revo'u-
tion, recognized the fundamental principle of the
rightof the people to make and unmake constitu-
tions.
Washington, in his first inaugural address,
(April 30,1789,) began with his i( fervent suppli-
cation to that Almighty Being who rules over the
universe, that His benedictions may consecrate,
to the liberties and happiness of the people of the
United States, a government instituted by them-
selves." (Hickey's Constitution of the United
States, page 212 ) In his Farewell Address, he
said, "the basis of our political systems is the
