1S38.]
35th Cong....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hatch.
Ho. or Reps.
ri^ht of ihe people to make and to alter their con-
stitutions or government."
Jefiwson, in his first inaugural address, March
4, ltiOl, declares, that "the will of the majority
j.s in all cases to prevail;" and lie thus pointedly
lefutes, in a single sentence, all the false theories
of giants to and guardianships over the people:
,4 it is >aul tliat man cannot he trusted with
the i?oveinmerit of himself. Can he, then. Ik; trusted will)
the government of other.-, or have we found angels m the
tuini ol kings to govern him ? Let hwoiy answer tins ques-
tion "—HixKexfs Collection, page 07G.
You will find in Rayncr's Life of Jefferson,
page 377:
'• It is. now folly years Mneo the constitution of Virginia
was formed Witln'i that penod two thuds of the adults
then hvm<*are now dead. Have these, the leinauimsrtlnid,
even if tiiev had the wwh, the nyht to hold, in obedience to
their will, and to law-* herotofoie made hy them. the other
two thuds, who, with themselves compos the present mass
of nduit<' ff they have not, who has ? The dead .J But
the dead have no icdiK. They <ue nothing; and nothing
cannot own something Where there w nostih-unnee theie
ean be no accident. This coipoica! globe and eveiuhi'H:
on it belongs to its present coiporeai inhamunts during ttwir
ge,relation. Tin > alone have a i i~ht to docu what i, the
couch n of themselves alone, and to dcelaio the law of that
direction ; and this declaiatton ean only be made hv thou*
niajontv. That majority, then, has ;i nuhi to depute" repre-
sentatives to a convention, and to nut'co the constitution
what 1 hey think w ill he best for themselves. 1 finis avenue
he shut to the call of suffeinnee, it will make it-elf' heard
tluouidi that of foicc, .uul we ^h.ill iro on, as othei nations
aie doin<r, in the endless en ele, ot oppression, lebelhon. and
lefoimation; and oppiesMOn, rebellion, and reformation
again ; and >o on, toievei."
Mr. Madison (pajje 150, Federalist) used this
denunciatory language of monopolists:
u U is e-sscntial to a republican (.'oveintnent that it he
derived h 'Mil the hi e,u bodv ol ihe -ot iei v. not tiom ,in in-
eon Mde i.i I lie pinp-u t Mil, ni a f.i voi 'd < l,i-s ui it ; other wi~e a
ham'fn1 oi iyi annual nobles, e\e> eisimr then oppressions bv
a delegation of tin 11 powcn, in"!tit a-pne to tne lank ot
lepiihlu an^. and chum lor then Government the honorable
title ol ilepubhc "
X might add, from eotemporaneous writets,
repeated authorities sustaining these positions.
Hut, it is said, this doctrine is revolution, fJo it
so. It is the revolution of the ballot-box. It is
the peaceful remedy of American freemen to
change their Government. Such a revolution as
this takes place every four years m the Insiory of j
this countiy. Such a revolution as, m any other
c.nuntiy, could only be achieved by violence and
blood.
11 is the ea^y working of our popular system—
if is the exchange of the sword for the ballot. The
.swords of patriots achieved our liberties; the bal-
lots of freemen must preserve them.
The supreme court of New Yoik, in 1S4G, de-
cided that the power to change existing constitu-
tion ; " was above and beyond the Constitution."
They said:
" ,\ change m the fundamental law, when not made in
the ioiin th.it l,iw lias pie^cnbed. mu-M always he a uoik
of utino-t deheaey I'lidoi any other fonn of government
than oil! own, it could amo-unt to nothing le^s than revolu-
tion."
Justice Wilson, a signer of the Declaration of
Independence, and one of the earliest judge?, said:
u This involution piinciplc—that the ^overei^n power ie-
«iding in the people, they may change then constitution and
government whenevei they please—is not a pi ineiple of dis-
coid, ruiCo , or wai; it is a punciple of nichoidtiou, con-
tentment, and peace ''
The distinction between revolution and the right
of the people to change their government is fully
explained in the great debate in the United States
•Senate* in 1837, on the admission of Michigan.
Mr. Calhoun there said " he had never denied the
right of revolution. All our institutions lest on
that right. A convention of the people has a
right to put up and throw* down every form of
government; but that is, par excellence, revolu-
tion." (Debates, ld37, p. 313.) But Mr. Buch-
anan aoked:
" Is it the position that, if m one of the States of this j
tTnion tho uo'-'einment be r-oojuani/ed as urteily to destioy j
the light oft  jual iepi estimation, there i- no mode of rvdiess I
but by an act oi the Legislature author izina a convention, '
oi hy open reb< lhon ' Is there no middle cour-e? This n i
t mud on!v in the punciple. established bvthe whole histoiy j
ol Ameuean government, that the people arc soveieign, '
a'td lhaf <i niajontv of them con altci or change ther lund.i- j
mental jaws at pleasure, 'i'his is neifhi r rebellion nor ievo-
lutuui. St h an e.s^eiitial recognized ptincipie mall tonus of ,
government.*' ;
In the case of the admission of Michigan, 183G, 1
Congress had prescribed the boundaries with j
which Michigan was to be admitted, and had au- I
thorized the Territorial Legislature to call a con-
vention. That convention rejected the terms, and
dissolved, and the Legislature refused to act. The
people took it up, and, in convention, adopted
the constitution with the boundary piescribcd by
Congress through the message of President Jack-
son, December !^7, 1836, approving this action of *
the people independent of the Legislature. He
there says:
" Tins latter convention was not held orelected by virtue
of any act of the Tctntorial or State Legislature; it oti-
ginated with the people themselves, and was chosen by them
m putsuance of ievolutions adopted in pnm.uy as-Wubhcs,
held in the respective eoimues.,'—-(r-atesiy tSeaton*s Debutes
in Congress, vol. 13, part 1, p. 1164.
Mr. Buchanan:
" But what is the ptoposition which lies at th° very root
of the Senators whole aigument against the bill? 1 under-
stand it to be, that when any < 'ominonwealth exists under
an oigamc law, and has by n eicated a Legislatun\ u ithout
the pieMOtH a-Jscm of the Legisiatuie, no convention can
be rightfully hehl within itb limit and i hat if eiu-h ;i conven-
tion should be held, the movement would he levolutionaty,
and if edicts, m then veiy nature, would be unauthou/ed
and t) Minueal.
If this proposition be universally true, then H follows,
as a n^eessasy consequence, that, no matter to what evtent
the jegulaily oi gam zed govei ninent ol a S rate or nation may
be gudly o'" tjiannv ami oppression^ tiu.s \eiy fJovernment
must lust give it-5 ass('nt b doie the people ean hold a con-
vention foi the rediess of giu'vanees. oi, m a worth ean ex-
eieise the unalienable rights of man. The late of the peo-
ple, it seems, must lot ever depend upon the will of the very
Legislature which oppresses them, and their liberties can
onlv he icstoiedwhen that Legisiatme maybe pleased to
giant them permission to assemble in convention. T bad
not supposed that anv such pioposition would ever be se.
! riousjveoiuended toi m tin > < 'haniber. It is duectH at w.u
i with the lleelaiation ot Ameneau Indepemlenee, whieii de-
] ebne- that' we hold these nuth- to hp M-l'-evulent ; that .ill
! men are created equal; that Miev are endowed hy tlseir Cie-
j atot with ceitain unalienable lights ; that among these .no
( hie. hh.'in, and the pm-mt ol happiness. 'J'hat, to secine
; tln'se rights, govfuiimenTs aie m-tiluied among men. <b'-
; living tliv'ii just [lowrrs tnun the consent of the governed ;
j that, whenever any num oi ^ovennnent becomes desunc-
| tive of tlnve ends, n h the light of ihe people to altei oi to
I abolish it. and to institute a new government, laving its
| foundations on such principles, and oigani/ing its powers m
j s>ui h fur m, as to them shall seem most likely to eilect their
sat'etv and happni'^s.'
'•Mi Calhoun, interposing, said: Certainly; it is a rev-
Olutionaiy light ! m
'• Hete (ie-unif'd >lr. 15.) is a l'ght plainly leeoginzf-d m I j
this immoital Stale paper which we all reg.ml as the char- ']
ter of our common liberties, is it not, then, niamfol that j,
the ^cnatoi lias taken a position \\ heic he stands ui dnect j i
and open opposition to eveij piiiciple ofthe Aniein'an l*cv * '!
oi ui mn ? VVhy, , had we not r -i tbb.died goveumientsat i j
the moment our conventions were held ? Was not theehai- ' I
aetei ol the^e govei nuu'iit--', m the m nn, just and eqmt'ible 5 ■ i
Wt; went to wai (oi ,i punciple, ioi the pist and gloiunis !
pi ineiple that there shall he no taxanon witnoul i epioenia- .1
t ion ; and in supjior lot this principle, the pcoph oi the old > |
t hn teen,5 w ithout any pievious legislative act. did hold con- j i
ventioiis and Congresses at then pleasiue. Otn veiv lights ;|
to seats upon this llooi lest upon what he calls levolunon- i |
aiy in merple^. j i
Mi. Calhoun. Certainly; 1 never denied the right of ! |
tevohiiitm; I contended lor it. All oui nistani ions lest on '
that light; they die the (nuts of revolution. Thai vwis the ! j
vi ly pioposjiiou U (.ii h led to the [-•vohuionniy war. I said '
that a convention ofthe people had powei to put up and to
tliiow down any and eveiy tonn ot government; but that is,
per se, a revolution.
uriie gentleman (resumed Mr. R ) did sav that he gloned !
in the light ol lebeihon. Does he contend, then, that if, m
one of tli'' Slate* or mi-j Cnion, the goveinincnl be mi tir-
g'tnized as utrej ly to desti oc the right ot etjiiiil i epresenta
tion. theie h no mode of obtaining rediess hut hy an act of
the Legelattire author izrtig a convention, oi by open rebel-
lion ; Must tiic people st. p at once from oppression to open
war? MiM it he either ;:h olutc submission orabsolute rev-
olution'' Is theie no middle com e ? I cannot agiee vviih
the Seiicitoi. I say that the whole histoiy of our Govern- !
mcnt establishes the punciple mat the people arc sovei eign, I
and that a niajontv ot them can alier or change tinrn finuia- |
mental laws at pleasure. I deny I hat this ]s e,ther rebellion ;
oi rcvohmon. Jt i->an essential and recognized principle !
in all our forms of government. j
u To he sure, I would be one of the hist men in the United i
States who would denie to sec s^th (l (,;>en "\ertcd. j
I admit (hat theio is great p;<>piiety and eonv ih-mi.-.' ni 1
having th>. J-egrtlature to fix the time a ,d plac e and mode j
of calling a convention, because it h thfiu u 11 foi the people '
to cifect then ptupos<; without <-ouic -ui h pi./vision, i^iuli
hris been thcgeneial piaitiLe; but I insist upon the right j
ofthe people to (ijoceeJ v> uhoui any legislative inter feienec !
or agency \v hatever.55 !
c* During the d"bato \>pon the au^i'-'sion of Michigan, in |
the Senate ol the United;stale-. M> ilenton lernaiked * that
conventions we e oi.gmal r < (s ot the people. They de-
|)"i)ctec! ujion inherent and inaheiiabk rights. The people j
of any h'tate may, ra any Time, nif.et m convention without J
a law o*" then Lege-latme, and without any piovisu.n in i
then coiM!union, and may a:ttr oi abolish the whole Ijarne |
of govei nmei.t, n> they pleu-e. The eoverergn pow er to gov-
ern themselves was in the maiontv, and ti.ey eoidu not be ;
divesp tl ol it.' C'ula vV Sc:.ton"s J)clalc->< v ol. 1:}. pait 1,
p.
Mr. Madison, in his celebrated report, Maid: :
'•The authority of eonsuuinons, over yoveinmemr. and >
ofthe sovereignty of the people over constitutions, are truths
at all times necessaiy to bt; ke;)t in mind.'7
I cannot so well give a summary of conclusions
from those authorities as to add the language of
Patrick I lenry, in the Virginia convention of 1788,
in 2 Illhot's Debates, page Go:
li This, sir, is the language of Demociaev : that a major-
ity ofthe eormminitv have a rightto alter then government
i when found opptessive."
j Again, speaking of free government:
" One of the leading features of that government is, that
! a majority can aliei it.
' £* Rulers are the servants and agents of the people—the
! people are their masters."—Page 248.
! I believe, sir, that no one can doubt, if they
! recognize these authorities, (and who dare dis^
! pute them?) that the people of Kansas have the
1 right, upon their admission, whether recommend-
! ed by theLegislatureornot,orproliibited by their
1 constitution, to meet in convention and make a
I constitution to conform to the will of the major-
1 ity. It certainly is not becoming in the advocates
j of theTopeku constitution,which the Republican
[ party passed through this House last session, to
: urge that any limitation in the constitution, or
anywhere else, could prevent the people from
making constitutions when they desired. The
call for the convention at Topeka was signed by
" many citizcns," and " in mass meeting assem-
bled," and acted, and a constitution so formed
they accepted. Its only pretension to decent ap-
peaiance was the mock solemnity of its opening
by the Ilt3\ . Air. Love joy. Dut, sir, now they can-
not accept the Lecornpion constitution because it
cannot be changed until 1SG1. it has not been
sanctioned by popular ^ovei eignty, say these new
disciples to that doctrine. They have made rapid
progress in this doctrine lately; they surpass their
master. If they have not already swallowed the
Cincinnati platform, they certainly have the au-
| thor of popular sovoiei^niy in the Kansas bill.
Yes, .sir, they have swallowed the " Little Giant"
as easy as the whale swallowed Jonah. But if tho
external evidences of mutual disgust can be relied
upon, they will not remain together as long as
Jonah remained in the whale's belly. fn one
aspect this niod< rn adoption of popular sover-
eignty for the white uru by our opponents is to
be commended as an improvement m the culor
and odor of their humanity.
OUR TF.!lTUTORn:s CANT ON'LY BE OCCUPIED BY TREE
J.ABOJILRS—CLIMATE, EMIGRATION", AND SOIL
COVIIIOL.
Sir, Kansas can never become a slave State. Cli-
mate and soil will murk the boundaries of slavery.
The laws of political cconomy have already de-
termined this. Popular assent lias been given to
this doctrmc. It is not in the power of this Gov-
ernment to make Kansas a slave State. The ex-
ecutive, legislative, and the judicial power, all com -
bined and acting in concert, could not make and
keep Kansas a slave State, or make one inch of
free, slave territory. The laws of climate, pro-
duction, and emigration, are supreme. These views
are believed andgenerallyacquiesced in, and I will
now add the proofs. I quote from northern and
southern Senators upon these points.
Senator Crittenden1, of Kentucky, said :
" T think there is not a gentleman here who believes that
Kansas will be a slave St ite. Before tins territorial ^ov-
ernmeiit \va« mad.', uumy of the leading men of the South
here at jrtjed !haf Kansas and Nebraska never could be i-l'tve
States. Bv the Jaw of climate and geogiapny, it was said,
they could not.'1
Mr. Hunter, of Virginia, said:
Doe-! anv ui.m beiieve that you will have a slaveiioldmg
Stat" i i ivfiis.-s o. X- biaska
Governor Brow?;, of Mississippi, said:
'f hut Miivt rj would never find a letting place in those
Tc.l"f)!H - ''
j\Ir. DorcT.-vs said:
1 do imt bei e\e theie i<= a man in Congress who thinks
it could i>e pMnniueut'y a slave u'ddm^ counuy.''
Mr. Ijadclr, of North Carolina, said :
f luive no moieuleaof seeing a '-lave population in
either of them than 5 have or-eeing it in Massachusetts."
Air. Mjli.sox, of Virginia, said:
" Xo one evpc< ts it. No one diearns that slaveiy will he
established li.' ie."
A!.. Frederick P. Stanton, of Tennessee, said:
£* Toe u-.us of noitheiu crentlemen are wholly uufonnded.
Slav i'v will not be established in Kainas or Nebraska."
