1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■Wfr
also include in his report a statement of the assessed value I
ot individual pinpertv in th*> city of Washington for the year 1
I808, a rt the value of the Government property, excluding !
the public aichives and books.
PAY OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con- !
sent, and agreed to: ' !
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to furnish the Senate with abatement showing the amount
which would be required to cover the additional payofsui-h
of the retired naval officers whose cases have t*een acted
upon by the late naval courts of inquiry and the Piesident,
and who have been advanced to a higher grade or position
as to pay than the one assigned to them by the late " retii-
mg board," but who have not been restored to the active
list; the said estimate being based upon the hypothesis that
«uch officer-? he paid accoiding to their present position,
(either furlough or leave of absence.) from the tune of their
retirement to the date of their advaticemen%deduciing any
sums which thev may have re^poctivciy leceivcd during
said interval; and that he also transmit to the Senate a list
ot such officers, with the position assigned them by the
'• reining board," and the one now held by them.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSET.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr Aj.lent, its Clerk, an-
nouncing- that the House had passed the bill of
the Senate (No. 99) to amend "An act to incor-
porate the Columbia Institution for the instruction
of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind," approved
February 16, 18j7.
Aiso, that the House had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 24ft) regulating municipal elections iij the 1
city of Washington. 1
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 32) making an |
appropriation to pay the expenses of the several |
investigating committees of the* House of Repro- i
sentaiives. j
And a bill (H. R. No. 549) to provide for the j
lighting with gas certain streets across the Mall, j
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. j
A subsequent message announced that the !
Speaker had signed the enrolled l>i!I (S No. 9!i)
toamend the "Act to incorporate theColurab,a In-
stitution for the instruction of the Deafand Dumb
and the Bhild," approved February 16, 1857;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President.
LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate passed the bill (H. R. No.
300) declaring the title to iand wanants m certain
cases; but it will be first necessary to obtain the
return of the bill from ihe House of Represent-
atives. I move, therefore, that the Secretary re-
quest the leturn of the bill from the House of
Representatives.
The motion was agreed to. Subsequently, the
bill was received from the House of Represent-
atives, and the motion to reconsider was entered.
NANCY SERENA.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. The Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 231) for the relief of Nancy Se-
rena,have directed me to make a favorable report,
and recommend the passage of the bill. 1 should
be very much obliged to the Senate if they would
consider this bill at the present time. There can
no objection to it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as i-n Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which proposes to place the name of Nancy
Serena, widow of Joseph Serena, on the pension
roll, at the rate of eight dollars a month, from
July 15, 1854, to continue during her natural
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask the consent of the Senate
at this time, as there seems to be no pressing
business, to pass the joint resolution of the House
(No. 26) m reference to the public buildings in
Philadelphia. It is important that that measure
should be adopted at an early day.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(U. R. No. 26) authorizing the arrangement and
disposal of public buildings m the city of Plii a-
dflphid, which the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Heads icporb d with iu) smvndmeat, to
strike out all after the resolving clause, and in- |
sert: i
That the Secretary of the Treasury, the Postmaster Gen- ;
era!, and the Attorney General, be, and are hereby, author- '
ized to decide whether the custom-house at Philadelphia i
shall remain in its present location, or whether public eon- j
venienee and interests lequire that the location of the r:sis- ;
torn house be changed to the ground and buiUiing purchased 1
of the Bank of Pennsylvania,by authority of the lawofthe i
2d of August, 1854, for the purposes of a post office, ami the \
post office be removed to the present cH.-aoiii-house ; and !
also, to decide whether it is best to sell the building and lot I
of aiouml now used for the puiposes of the United States |
comt, and establish court-rooms in the buildingof the pres- i
ent custom-house, and they be further autiioiized and em- ;
powered to so arrange the buildings for said offices and pur- j
poses as may, in their judgment, best promote the public I
convenience: Provided, That the expenses ineidentto such \
change and arrangement of the buildings shall not exceed '
the suirialread.v appropriated for anyor all of such purposes, j
and any additional sum that may be received for the build- I
ing and ground herein authorized to be sold: -And fro- ,
vided further, That should it be deemed best to sell the said i
court-housc building and lot ot ground, the President.of the
United States may cause the same to be sold after due public
notice.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and th& amendment was concurred j
in. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed, ,
and the resolution to be read a third time. It was
read the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON TERRITORV LAND DISTRICTS, j
Mr. STUART. I wish-to ask the indulgence
of the Senate for the passage of the bill (S. No. ;
375) to establish two additional land districts in
Washington Territory. It is very important, in
order that it may pass the House of Represent-
atives at this session. It will take no time. It is
a bill which is very necessary for public business ,
there.
The Senite, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 375) to ere- !
ate two additional land districts in the Territory
of Washington. \
Mr. STUART. I move to amend the bill by !
striking out the third section.
Mr FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that that bill might not to be taken up now. I
have strong objection to the multiplication of land 1
offices, unless some very excellent reasons can be
given for it.
Mr. STUART. There is but one land district
in the Territory of Washington. It is reported
by the Department that it is very necessaiy the
authority to cieale two more should be given.
The papers are all on file, and I have no doubt
of the correctness of the statement. It is import-
ant that the bill should be passed now, because it
should pass the House of Representatives at this
session, in order that the necessary arrangements :
may be made. '
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know ,
whether the Committee on Public Lands have
thoroughly investigated that matter for thern- i
selves. 1 confess 1 have been somewhat struck
with the multiplication of land offices, and the
consequent multiplication of officers. I know we
Tiad before the Committee on Finance an estimate
sent to us from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office of something like one hundred and
thirty or forty thousand dollars, merely for office
rent and additional clerks in the several land of- -
fices m the United States. And many of these
land offices were places where very little land was \
to be sold, and, in fact, where all the lands had
been sold, but still the offices are continued with
registers, and leceivers, and clerks. We have al-
rcadymade three or four additional land offices at
this session, and it is now proposed to make two
more m the Territory of Washington. 1 do not
know but that it may be necessary; but I very
much doubt it.
I will observe, also, that, at the suggestion of
the Committee on Finance, a member of it offered
a resolution, which went to the Committee on
Public Lands, to inquire into the expediency of
limiting the increase of the number of land offices,
and seeing if some of them could not be dispensed
with. The expenses are getting to be enormous.
11 What I ask is, that new land offices, with regis-
II ters and receivers, rendering necessary rents, ad-
j! ditional clerks, &c., shall not. be made unless the
<, Committee on Public Lands have for themselves
j thoroughly examined the matter, and ascertained
; how much is necessary. The population in the
i' Territory of Washington is yet very small, What
the amount of the sales of lands there may be, or
the dapand for them, I do not know;- bat I am
exceedingly averse to bringing in a bill creatirtg-
new offices whenever the officer at the head of the
land bur.eau suggests that it is advisable to do it.
I think there is a terrible disposition on the part
of this Administration to multiply offices every-
where, to get just as many as possible in every
possible place where it can be imagined that they
are necessary. I should like to see, with-all their
preaching to us about the necessity of reform,
some dispositioft todoitsomewhere; batwts ba-tfe-
not yet had the first proposition for it. If the.
Committee on Public Lands themselves "have
thoroughly examined the subject, and they ale
unanimous as to the necessity of this matter, I
have nothing to say, because it is in their charger
but I wish to ascertain how that fact is„
Mr. STUART. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Maine that the Committee on Public
Lands have examined this subject, and are unan-
imously of the opinion that the offices asked for
in Washington Territory ought to be granted. It
may not be amiss for m'e to say also that the com-
mittee have considered very carefully the resolu-
tion which was submitted by a member of the
Committee on Finance, and sent to them. _ The
present law not only authorizes the President,
but makes it his duty to close the land office in a
district where the numberof acres falls below one
hundred thousand. g*
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has not done it.
Mr. STUART. I think the honorable Senator
will find that he is in error in supposing that there
are land offices in instances where there are not
lands to sell, except in some cases where they
have been authorized by special acts to be con-
tinued for special purposes. Such a case exists
in Indiana, and in one or two other places; but
there is no such general condition of things as the
Senator supposes. The Committee on Public
Lands, I may say, have considered all these ques-
tions carefully. We do not pass them as a matter
of course. But it must be obvious to every Sen-
ator that, in the new Territories, such as Wash-
ington and Kansas and Nebraska, and the newer
parts of the country, it is indispensable that new
land districts should be established. It does not
matter so much what the number of people is, if
there is any considerable number. If they have
to go three or four hundred miles to aland office,
it is a hardship which the Government never sees''
fit to impose, and never ought to impose. The ,
settlement of the country is facilitated by enabling ,
people, without too much expense, to enter their : _
lands. This case is one in which, in my judg-
ment, the additional offices are indispensable. It
is important that the bill should be passed at once,
in order that it may pass the House of Repre-
sentatives at this session. I move to strike out
the third section for that reason. That section
contains a provision for an appropriation which
had better be placed on another bill; and to strike
it out will aid the passage of the bill through the
House of Representatives. I move to strike out
that section in these words:
" Sec. 3. And lei t further enacted, That to carry the pro-
visions of tins law into effect, from and after such peuod
Us ihe Piesident of the United States may deem expedient
and necessary, and in the absence ot a specific appiopria^-
tion therelor, such sum as may be requiied foi salaries, of-
fice rent, othee lumiture, ti.ict books, noil safes, and such
other necessary and proper incidental expenses as may be
sanctioned by the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice, be, and the same is hereby, appropuated."
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and the
bill ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. Can the bill be read the
I third time to-day without unanimous consent?
! The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.it can.
i The bill has been read twice before to-day. It did •
' not receive its second reading to-day, and there-
! fore it can now be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
M. C, GRITZNER.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to with-
draw the motion to reconsider, which I entered a
few days since in the case of the passage of a bill
for the relief of M. C. Grriizner. I have looked at
the papers, and I do not think it is worth looking
after any further.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan.
