1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ias&
pressed will 99* Party names are but names that
may be changed as interest or fancy may dictate,
but principles are unchangeable; they give to par-
ties all their vigor and virtue, and -without them
names are worthless. Desert your principles if
you will, and retain your name; it will not avail
you. It will not "be the first time that the sacred
name of Democracy has been assumed by its en-
emies; but public opinion has stripped the mask-
ers of their disguise, and covered them with mer-
ited obloquy3. What though the Republican party
should see proper to abandon their platform upon
which they have suffered defeat and overthrow
in the canvass of 1856, as I sincerely trust they
have; it is their business, not mine. If the Re-
publican members on this floor, in the discharge
of their high duties as Representatives of their
own constituents, see proper to abandon their
former doctrines of congressional intervention in
the domestic affairs of the people of the, Territo-
ries, and to vote as I vote, and thus sustain my
long-cherished principles of non-intervention and
popular sovereignty, it is their right to do so.
They are answerable to their constituents, as 1
am to mine. I shall not complain of their action,
nor will I desert my principles because former
friends desert them, nor because former enemies
come to their support.
But, sir, it is said that we are to be read out of
the Democratic party. Who is to be the execu-
tioner? I want to see his authority, his war-
rant. I want to know from what tribunal it is-
sues, and whose sign manual it bears. We have
a right to demand of him who attempts to exer-
cise this omnipotent power to produce a clear, un-
tarnished, and consistent political record. I pro-
test against gentlemen who failed to vote for, or
voted against the fugitive slave law; who voted for
the Wilmot proviso in all its forms; who voted to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia; who
failed to vote for the ICansas-Nebraska bill; who
have advocated the abolition of the inter slave
trade; who have favored the removal of this Cap-
itol to free territory; and who opposed the last
Administration from the first month of its exist-
ence to its close; who followed Mr. Van Buren
in his apostacy to the Democratic party—I re-
peat, sir, 1 protest against the exercise of this
omnipotent authority and establishment of polit-
ical tests for me, by gentlemenof this type, either
in Congress or out of it.
Certainly, the President will not assume this
delicate and responsible function, so long as we
firmly and persistently advocate the very princi-
ples that brought him into power, and which are
found as clearly recognized in his maugutal ad-
dress, and in his instructions to Governor Walker,
as in the Cincinnati platform. If any gentleman
here is clothed with any such power, lethim avow
it. Sir, such threats can have no influence upon
my action here. My life has been spent in the
service of the Democratic cause. I have been
true to its principles, rejoiced in its successes, and
mourned n\ its defeats. I have followed its flag
through evil as well as good repoi t; and I intend
to stand by its time-honored piinciplea, let what
may come. I wili not change at the behest of an-
other. if you shall attempt to ostracize me, I will
hurl defiance in your teeth. The pure fountain
of political power is in the people. To them I
will appeal for the rectitude of my purpose, the
fidelity of my action. There is a majesty in their
voice that will make it heard; and to their fiat the
most censorious and dictatorial are constrained to
bow.
Sir, this process of reading gentlemen out of
the party is no trifling matter. Are you prepared
to read out of the party such men as Douglas,
Walker, Stanton, Bancroft, twenty or thirty gen-
tlemen on this floor, and the rank and file of the
party m every northern State? Are you strong
enough to stand alone ? Strike down the national
Democracy of the North, and there will be no
national Democracy. There will be a party at the
South, or rather parties; and there will be parties
at the North. There will be Democrats; national
Democrats at the South, and national Democrats
at the North) but there will be no national Demo-
cratic party. You, gentlemen of the South, think
you arc striking at the leaders, but your blows
will fall upon the masses. You may scatter and
defeat our majorities, but they will rally again.
Think you they will come together animated by
the same generous enthusiasm with which they
have heretofore espoused your cause ? Do you
believe the idle tale of those who would persuade
you that because the North stood by you when
you were in the right; they will, with equal zeal,
defend you in the wrong? Believe me, you do
injustice equally to the intelligence and to the
conscience of the North.
Sir, I repeat, I respect the President. I know of
no other policy of his Administration upon which
I shall differ with him. It may be there will arise
other occasions of difference, but I am not now
aware of any. If there should be such an occa-
sion during my service here, I shall be frank,
open, manly, in that difference. If the time has
come, that we must think as the President thinks,
and act as the President may dictate, the neces-
sity for a Congress has ceased We had better
surrender, at once, all power into the hands of
the Executive, and talk no more of coming fresh
from the people to reflect their will. Is it so, that
if the President changes we must change, and
quickly, too, or come under the ban of his dis-
pleasure? Away with such a doctrine. I do not
subscribe to it; I repudiate it. It wars with the
spiiit and genius of our form of free government;
it is something more than party discipline, it is
political despotism; and if tolerated, must inevit-
ably result in a central oligarchy, rob the people
and the States of their rights under our federative
system, and the Representative of his honor and
his manhood. The President may, nay, it is his
duty, under the Constitution, to advise me; but
when I permit him to command me, I change mas-
ters andcease to be u Representative of the people.
But, sir, some of us seem to forget that the peo-
ple are the masters of us all, both Executive and
Representatives. Suppose that, pending the pres-
idential canvass of 1856, Kansas had stood in the
same attitude she docs to-day, asking admission
into the Union under a constitution spurned by
four fifths of her people at a fair and legal election,
and Mr. Buchanan had avowed his intention, if
elected, to press her unconditional admission into
the Union: what would have been the result?
Would he have been your President to-day?
Would he have received the vote of a single north-
ern State ? Would our party have had the ascen-
dency on this floor? No, sir; none of it. Then,
why, after we have received the popular appro-
bation; after we have been snugly ensconced in
power in all Departments of the Government; !
why presume to disappoint the just expectations
of those who placed us here, and do what we dared
not do before the election; and which, if you had
then done, would have resulted in our certain de-
feat and overthrow? Others may; I cannot, I
will not do it.
Suppose I should support the admission of Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution, and on my
return to my constituents, an old and tried friend
should approach me thus: " Did you vote for the
Lecompton constitution?" u Yes, sir." "Was
that constitution approved by a majority of the
legal voters of Kansas?'5 No, sir; four fifths of
the legal voters voted against it." " Is that pop-
ular sovereignty, on the strength of which I voted
for you, and on which you were elected to Con-
gress."" "No, sir, it is not; but the President
changed his position on that question. You know
I am a Democrat, and I was compelled to change
my opinions, stultify myself, and misrepresent
you,morder to sustain the President." Sir, would
this be a valid excuse for my treachery? Would
this justify my conduct before an honest and in-
telligent constituency? Never! and I should be
totally unworthy a seat in this Hall, if I were ca-
pable of meditating such an act of perfidy.
Again, sir, if this Lecompton constitution is to
be made the test of orthodoxy in the Democratic
faith, and the patronage of the Government is to
be bestowed accordingly—and I do not know how
this is; I have not stopped to inquire; I do not
care to know, for it would not change my course
in the least degree. But there are other questions
of grave and commanding importance before Con-
gress, some of which involve high questions of
international law; others involve questionsof con-
stitutional power; and others questions of expedi-
ency and policy; all of which have been referred
to by the President in his message, and on which
he has fully committed hmiselt. I allude to the
Paulding and Walker affair, the construction of a
railroad to the Pacific oeenn, the system of bank-
ing and paper currency, the Utah troubles, and the
tariff question. In looking around me, sir; I see
many Democrats from the North and the South,
who differ widely and radically on all those ques-
tions, not only among themselves, but with the
President; and I find these (Kssentients^nfjported
sometimes, and sometimes "opposed, by Know^
Nothings and Republicans. Differences^ theses-
important measures from the views'Of the Presi-
dent and with each other seem to be tolerated, as
they should be; and no test of Democracy seerrts*
to be required in regard to them. Then Wh^,-
Mr. Chairman, should the Lecompton constitu-
tion be made a test of party faith, and the patron-
age of the Government, if such be the intention
of the Executive, bestowed accordingly ? The
country will ask this question in ftue time, and
exact a categorical answer.
It is contended by the President, and a few of
his friends here, that the people have a right to
make and unmake constitutions at pleasure, and
that although the Lecompton constitution pro-
vides expressly that it cannot be changed until
1864, it can be done at any time by the people,
under this general rightof making and unmaking
constitutions. Now, sir, it is clear to me 'that
there are but two modes of changing constitutions;
One is by and through the means pointed out in
the Constitution itself; this is the lawful, legal'
mode; by this process the constitution of Kansas
cannot be changed until 1864, and then only by a
vote of two thirds of the Legislature. Is it likely
that even then, either party can command two
thirds of the Legislature to initiate steps to change
that constitution ? The other mode of changing
a constitution is by revolution. That revolution
may be bloodless—peaceful; nevertheless, being
in violation of the fundamental law, it is a revolu~
tion. These, sir, are the only modes of changing
a constitution, and any declaration by Congress
of the right of the people of Kansas to change
their constitution after being admitted into the
Union is a nullity.
Mr. DEAN. Mr. Chairman, I desire to sub-
mit a few remarks "which have been very hastily
prepared. Such is the aggressive nature of sla-
very that it was the early policy of our Govern-
ment to confine it within metes and bounds."
Confessed by correct jurists of every age to be a
creature of positive municipal law, in defiance of
the laws of nature, and of the laws of God, it was
the deliberate judgment of the venerated sires of
our revolutionary history that it should 'sustain
its existence—if existence it should have—by the
statute laws of the independent States. While
this policy was pursued, the people of the non-
slaveholding States washed their hands in inno-
cency of this (to them) crime against the laws of
God, and the rights of man. Pledged in by State
sovereignty, it was as clearly beyond the juris-
diction of the other States as though it were a
foreign government in some island of the sea.
When the man was transformed into a chattel, a
brute, a thing, by the law of force, or what is its
equivalent—a statute law embodying the power
of a sovereign State, he could do no less than sub-
mit to the prisoner's chain, unless by a successful
I levolution heemancipatcd himself. But when he
passed the barriers of that law, then by the higher
law of nature and of God his chains of servitude
fell off and he walked the earth a freeman. I un-
derstand this to have been the settled doctrine of
the country until a very recent period.
In the instrument which confederated the thir-
teen States, and made them an empire of sover-
eignties, a single clause was admitted providing
for the rendition of persons who should, by flight,
defraud others of labor or service which was their
rightful due. Beyond this single point, tortured
of late into an implied power in one man to claim
another as a slave upon soil foreign to his State,
the Constitution is silent, and guiltless of the bai-
barous and unchristian doctrine that one man can
rightfully chattehze another. Like the several
free-State sovereignties, it stood, with the Decla-
ration of Independence, the embodiment of the
doctrine of universal freedom, the practical ex-
pounder of the great, primal, God-given, u self-
evident truth that all men were created free and
equalhaving an impartial endowmentof rights.
These were asserted to be the glorious trinity—
life, liberty, and the pursuit of that happiness
which is the desire of all.
Such, sir, from the nature of those instruments,
and from cotemporaneous testimony, I understand
