1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
called upon to pass a law giving to the President,
or anybody else, the power to revise and correct
it? He has the right to pardon, and that alone.
One word in regard 10 o*lu other subject and I
have done. The Senator A om Mississippi says lie
thinks the former Secretary of the Navy and the
President were right in approving the report of
the board of fifteen in a muss, without any record
and without any reason. I had occasion to state
at the last Congress, and I repeat now, that I
think they were wrong. I submit, again, that
when Congress, m a law, says that the action of
a board is "to be approved by the Secretary of the
Navy and the President, it is an affiimative act;
it is an act, if you please, of judicial discretion;
it means no more nor less than that they are to
be satisfied of Ha correctness. That is approval.
Approval mesns what? That it meets your judg-
ment—not a mere form—not, as I before said, as
a mere machine, as a matter of course to sign
any paper that is presented. I suggested that as
a reason why it is worse than useless for Con-
gress to he passing laws requiring the approval
of the Secretary of the Navy and President of the
United States, if the subject is not to receive their
examination. Strike it out of the law; never re-
quire an officer to make an approval that he has
not the ability to make, by a careful examination
of the case If an approval moans anything m a
law, it is, that ho must say il mv judgment sanc-
tions it." That is an approval. How do we stand
here, now, upon this proposition ? Simply that
there are cases which the courts of inquiry have
revised, carefully considered with evidence be-
fore thorn, and determined; and it is proposed to
give the Piesidetit the power notwithstanding, to
nominate that individual to a position in the aeuve
service which .shall interfere witlj the position now
held by an officer against whom no complaint lias
ever boon made at all.
Air. 3?resident, it seems to me that there are
not only two sides to tins question, but that the
side which I presentcalls imperatively upon Con-
gress to maintain the public interests and at the
same time maintain tin; rights of individuals. I
confess my inability to discover by what rule of
argument it can be assumed that a man who has
been twice tried and each time condemned, is prima
facie not guilty. That is the assumption —a man
twice tried and twice condemned is pri.na facie
not guilty, and therefore Congress, upon its own
volition, is to pass a Jaw for his relief! Thut
does not meet my judgment. j
?vJr. HALE. Mr. President, I had hoped never
to be under tin: neci xMty of rpfnkinjr on tins sub-
ject again. i confess i am tired of it, and i eun-
fess the Senate are tired of hearing it; but oiv- or
two things have fallen m theeouiM" of this debate
to which 1 wish to «-.all otte.ition, one of which is
in reference to the gallant old man who stand1? at
the head of the Navy. It is my fortune to have
a slight acquaintance with him, and to be on Kind
personal relations with him. "My friend fiom
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] says he dots not
stand at the head of tlu; Navy; but he did. lie
does stand at the head of the Navy m the esti-
mation of everybody who appreciates what be-
longs to the Navy—its honor and its lenowu.
Tins court—no, sn, I will not rail it a court; God
forgive me if I evei call that old board a court,
[laughter]—those fifteen men who sat in secret
conclave have not dogrnced him, and they cannot
do it; and put fifteen more on top of them and
they cannot do it. I know that that old mail feels,
and feels deeply, in his heart of hearts, thatth*
measuie of justice which his country has meted
out to him lias been disgraced.
The honorable Senator from Michigan says
that, because he has not come cap in hand, pray-
ing to these junior gentlemen to restore him to
that high place which, he occupies in the directions
and the hearts of the American people, and gone
down on ins knees begging for a boon fiom the
men whom he has a right to command, he does
not feel injured and is not injured. Sir, he is in-
jured; ana every man who appreciates tne honor
and renown that belongs to that gallant old man
is injured too, and will be injured ju;;t exactly us
long as he or his farn" rests under this cloud whit h
these fifteen men have endeavored to draw be-
tween him and the American people.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi has
mentioned one or two cases; and I am a little sur-
prised that, knowing as much as he did, he did
mention them. One was a gallant act performed
in Puget sound, and the other on the coast of Af-
rica. Does he not know that those places are
a great way off, and that the saloons and assem-
bly rooms of Washington are a great deal nearer?
Dors he not know that the shore duty these gen-
tlemen have performed is not on Puget sound, or
on the coast of Africa? I could repeat more cases
and make the list longer, and show him and tell
him of men who were doing all that belonged to
sailors and patriots and brave andhonorable men,
but they were doing it a great way off; they had
not been to an assembly or ball here for years;
they have not been doing what I believe is called
bureau duty, [laughter;] I believe that is what
they call it here m Washington; and, therefore
—no, I will not say therefore they have been
dropped, but 1 will say they have been doing it,
and they have been dropped. I will let those put
in the " therefore" who choose to do so.
Again, sir, I believe the honorable Senator from
Michigan is a lawyer. I know he is, and a good
lawyer, an eminent lawyer, [Mr. Stuart. Thank
you;] and yet he talks of the Star Chamber—the
secret conclave that undertook to crowd these old
men out of the Navy whom God m his providence
had let live—as a court. The crime was that they
had lived ton long. They had been brave, gallant,
and temperate men. They had lived too long, and
therefore they were crowded off withoutaknowl-
edge of what it was done for. I knew, but they
did not. The honorable Senator from Michigan,
lawyer as he is, speaks of that as a trial by which
these old men have been condemned. What trial
did Commodoi c Stewart have ? [ can-speak h s
name, because it is historical. What did he know
of what, was gom^ on against him? What did
that man, who was maintaining the honor of your
country at Puget sound, know? What did these
men who were facing ail the combined dangers
which were to be found on the coast of Africa—
taking their lives m their hands, and ^oins with
your commission m their pockets, and the flag of
their country over their heads, doing and daring
all that men could do and duie—what did they
know of the chaiges that were being brought up
onanist them, and which were to consign then) to
infamy and disgrace before the country > Talk
of that as a (rial! Why, sir, in my country, a
man who would whip a dog on* such evidence
would be put under guardianship. [Laughter.]
No, st; it snail not be called a trial m my hear-
ing without my challenging it. It was not a trial.
Again, the honorable Senator from Michigan
spe.iks of these men as having been twice tried,
fuid twice condemned 1 What is the second trial ?
Whal does thid resolution propose ? Duos it pro-
pose to niter the Kw ' Not at all. Does it pro-
pto iniroduee new evidence ' No; but simply
to t;ike the record as it 3s; take the story ay it is
told; take the tacts as they appear; and if, upon
that shown!':, nnd upon that record, without any
further ewdence. and without any heaung, the
Chief Magistrate of the United Slates is of opin-
ion that the men are fauly and rightfully entitled
to their places, he can say so.
But there is another difficulty suggested by the
honorable Senator from Michigan, and I am sorry
to differ from him so much; 1 was in hopes of late
he was coming to a ground where he and 1 could
better agree. [Laughter.] He says we must not
do tins because there are some other gentlemen
who have some how or other got into places by
the action of these double courts, and it would be
unfair to disturb them. I had that same logic
played on me the other day, as I came from home
to Washington, I had a veiy comfortable seat.
Ijy the rules of the cars f was entitled to -it. I
happened to step out, and one of these gentlemen
(not one of these, but one of th«t school) got in
and obtained my seat. I went alons: and asked
him to gtve it up to me, and he bristled up and
felt injured. Ho appeared to think I was trying
to take that which belonged to him. He had got
it, and had read somewhere that possession was
the best evidence—nine points of the law, says
the Senatoi fiom Noith Carolina, (alluding to
Mr. Badgei, lately a respected Senator from that
State, who happened to occupy the seat of a Sen-
ator,) [iaiighti r,] and he was unwdlm^ to give it
up. lie had the same sost of feelings which the
Senator from Michigan has for these gentlemen.
I say if these gentlemen h&ve got into these places,
they have got into them wrongfully; they have
got into them by some sort of prejudice thtft exists
in some minds that +.hese dismissed officers have
\ had a trial which they never have had.
I need not say to the Senate (because I have
said it before, and it will De known by those who
care to know what I think) what my opinion is
of this whole proceeding. It is that H is disgrace-
ful to the country, that it is a reproach upon our
history, and it will stand so. As long as there is
a victim of this injustice, I do not care where he
comes from, high or low; be may be the gallant
old commander of the Ironsides, whose fame can-
not be obscured by these men, or he may be the
humblest individual smarting under their injus-
tice—so long as such a case exists, and so long as
I have a voice m the public councils, or out of
them, my voice shall be heard to vindicate that
wrong and to do them justice.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do not propose to detain
the Senate long, but justice to myself requires that
I should make a few remarks. I voted before for
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia, to
allow the President to nominate officers for resto-
ration to the active list, only in cases of vacan-
cies occurring, when the number of officers should
become such as is authorized by law. In that I
think 1 was mistaken; and I intend, when the op-
portunity arises, to correct it as far as my vote
goes; and I wish to give some reason for this
change of position.
In the first place, if the President is to examine
the reports of the courts of inquiry, and is, on ex-
amination, if he approves them, to recommend an
olficcr here, by nomination, for restoration to his
rank, I take it that implies that if he, on examin-
ation, disapproves them, he will not recommend
him here by nomination. In relation .to those
whose applications the courts have rejected, I
undeistand he does not feel himself at liberty to
do anything, and by the law, as it stands, he is
not authorized to do anything. I think that should
be corrected. If the President has a right to re-
ject those cases which the courts approve, clearly
he ought to have the right to recommend cases
which the courts reject. It seems to me that this
is one of those legal eorrollaries which every law-
yer will well understand. Now, however, you do
not leave him the power of examining those cases
which the courts rcject. That, so far from com-
mending itself to my acceptance, is the very re-
verse of the ordinary course of legal proceedings.
Ifaman,who is tried for a crime, is acquitted,
we let him go; but if he is convicted he has a
chance for a new trial. Here you propose to re-
verse this order. To be sure, if the result is in a
man's favor it may stand; but if the man is con-
victed, if the finding is against him, you do not
allow him any relief. This seems to me to be
directly contraiy to the ordinarily received usages
and practices of legal proceedings. The persons
against whom the court have found, the persons
whose applications have been rejected, are those
who need relief. For this leason I have always
been of opinion that I should vote for this resolu-
tion giving the President power to examine those
applications which the court rejected, and to grant
relief if, on examining the record, he thinks relief
should be granted.
But, sir, in relation to the other feature of the
case—whether we shall do this justice by restor-
ing these officers now, or shall wait until the Navy
be reduced to the number fixed by law—I must
| acknowledge that I was rather of the impression
| that it was desirable we should not increase the
! Navy; but on more mature reflection I think I
! was in error on that point. We have already ad-
! winced men to appointments in the Navy to fill
j the vacancies occasioned by the action of the first
i board. We have agreed to advance others who
i have been recommended by the new courts, and
j nominated by the President, if, on examination,
| we agree with him in opinion. By this means
we have already provided for an increase of the
number considerably beyond the limitation fixed
I by law. Now, suppose a man has been rejected
j by the courts of inquiry, and the President is of
: opinion that he has been impropetly rejected,
and wishes to nominate him for restoration. K
! we oblige him to wait for restoration until a va-
; cancy occurs in his rank, he must wait until the
j supernumerary officers who have been added,
i shall all die off, and then if a vacancy happens
| in that rank, it may not happen m his old place,
i Suppose he was number eight; the vacancy may
