2380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
imous consent fo withdraw the motion to recon-
sider. The Chair hears no objection. •
MILES DEVINE.
Mr. CLAY. I objected the other day to the
consideration of a Bill (S. No. 288) for the relief
of Miles Devino. I wish to call it up, as I per-
haps prevented its passage at that time. I shall
not vote for the bill, bat 1 do not care to prevent
its being passed. 1 move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
288) for the relief of Miles Devine, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Miles Devine, of
the State of Maine, of $500, for injuries received
while in the employment of the United States,
ami for medical and other expenses incurred in
consequence thereof.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS L. DISHAROON.
On motion of M^. POLK, the bil! (S. No. 317)
for the relief of Thomas L. Disharoon was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to recognize his right to certain land
warrants assigned to him.
Mr. POLK. I will state that the bill has been
unanimously recommended by the Committee on
* Private Land Claims, and it is eminently just.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, lead the thud
time, and passed.
BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, from the House of Repre-
sentatives, were severalty read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bil! (No. 248) regulating tmmicipnl elections
in the city of Washington—to tin.' Committee on
the Disti irt of < 'nlumbia.
A bill (iNTo 540) to pi ovide for the lighting with
gas certain stieots across the Mall—to the Com-
mittee on the District, of Columbia.
A joint resolution (No. 32) making an appro-
priation to pay the expenses of the several inves-
tigating committees of the House of Represent-
atives—to the Committee on Finance.
The bill of the Senate (No. 227) authorizing the
organization of a tire department in the DiMiiet ;
of Columbia, with the amendment, of the llouse
|of Reptespntauverf, was referred to the Commit-
/tee on the District, of Columbia.
^ INTRKNAl, IMPROVE ME.NTS.
Mr. SEWA Rl>. 1 move t« take up the hill (S.
No. 341) making an appiopuauon i« r lepaumg
and securing the works at the harbor of Chicago,
Illinois.
Mr. JJTJNTER. If that is taken up, will itm-
tei fere with the loan bill, at one o'clock 5
Mr. SbiVVAftD. The Senator will have an
oppoitunity to move on that subject.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been read
three times. The question is on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. When this bil! was laid aside
yesterday, I was about to reply to some observa-
tions of the Senator from Mississippi [Mi. Da-
vis] upon a very important principle connected
with this general system of improvements. I am
quite satisfu d that t lie const met ton wh ich I placed
upon this clause of the Constitution, then under
consideiation, was legitimate and proper,and sus-
tained by the debates* of the Federal Convention.
The Senator from Mississippi lsentuely mistaken :
on two points; fust, on the point that the two pro
visions of the Constitution, which were quoted i
| yesteidoy, or either of them, had anv connection |
  whatever with free trade; and next on the point
{ that there was any distinction between foreign !
I and domestic tonnage.
{ [ find, on examination, that the very construe
tion 1 gave, md the very argument I used as to ,
thc.se provisions in the Constitution, were in ac-
cordance with what was declared by the mover
of the clause. Piohably, I used his argument on
account of my recollection, having read it some- 1
where before. I will proceed to show the Sena-
tor and the Senate that the purposes of it were
not witti any view to prevent the laying of ton-
nage duties on vessels going from one port to
another of the United States or foreign countries,
but to carry out the first clause in preventing any
discrimination in favor of the ports of one State
over the ports of another State. The clause is:
" No preference shall be given by any regulation of com-
merce ov revenue to the port-s of one State over those of
another; nor shall vessels hound to or from one State be
obliged to enter, clear, or pay duties in another." .
This clause was proposed m the convention
that formed the Constitution, on the 25th of Au-
gust. At pages 478-9, volume five of Elliot's
Debates on the adoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion's reported by Mr. Madison, we find that—■
" Mr. Carroll and Mr. L. Martin expressed their ap-
prehension, and the piobable appiehensiona of their constit-
uents, that, under the power of regulatingtrade, the general
Legislature might favor the ports of particular States, by
requiting vessels destined to or ftom other States to enter
and clear theieat; as vessels belonging or bouud to Balti-
moje to enter and clear at Norfolk,55 See.
That is precisely the illustration I gave.
" They moved the following proposition •
"The Legislature of the United States shall not oblige
vessels belonging to citizens thereof, or to foreigners, to
entei ot pay dunes oi imposts in any other State than in
that to which they may he hound, oi to clear out m any
other than the State in which their cargoes may be laden on
board; nor shall any privilege or immunity be granted to
any vessel on entering oi cleanup out, or paying the duties
oi imports in one State in preference to anothei.'5
This was the language of the clause as first pro-
posed, but afterwards it was simplified and put
in its present foi m. The illustration given by the
movers of it shows what the object was. They
were apprehensive that vessels bound for Balti-
more from foreign potts would be compelled to
pay duties at Norfolk, and they wished to pievent
that.
" Mr. (ioRHAM thought such a ptecaunon unnecessary ;
and ihat the i<,venue might be defeated it V('"C^ could run
up long nvew, thiou'th the jurisdiction of difb'rent States,
without bring requited to enter, with the oppoitunity of
lamfing and selling thru c.ugo. s bv tin'
'• mi AlellFNuv and (Jeueial I'intk^ty made the follow-
ing * piopoNinon--.',5
It was a different form, but the same thing in
substance.
u These several proportions weie lefeiied nem con., to
<i committee composed of a inemb.M from each State. The
committee, appointed by bailor, were .Mr. r,.ingdon, Mi
' Joi ham. Mi Sh«-i mini Mi J)a\ ton. Mi Pii'/sunmon - .Mr.
II' ul, M i i 'anoil, Mi. Mason, Mi. Williamson, Mi. I>utlei,
Mi. Few
At page 4811, wo find that the committee re-
ported the proposition neatly as it now stands in
the Constitution:
'• tui'm' v.y. .7u^u<.( ")s.
^ hi (''>i>I'c/!'i >n —Mr Sui'iiM \ \, ''torn the commit t'-o to
uiimii wi'ie i I'm i rd se\ eial pi op  -inou •. on the'J'it h in dant.
mad'' the lolloumg n poll , wlmli udv oideied to he on tne
lahl" •
• be l
Ued after lb'- ioiiilh elau-c ofthe -sev-
enth vceiion ■ inn shall any legui.uiou o- e<>in:nei<', ot rei -
rinji gi\ e pre 11'i mice lo I be poi t- ot* one Si ,ii" ov'ci ih'we of j
another, oi oblige ve>«elh bound to or from an\ State to en- j
mm. ( leai, ot [>ay dune-- in anothei ; and all tonnage (lime-*,
impo-t-, and excise- laid l>\ tlie liCgudaiiue, shall he um
lonn thiougnout the United State;.' "
The question was voted upon, as we find at j
paire 50-2, find dispohed of: |
•♦The icport of the pi and committee of eleven,made by'j
Mr. Stiejman. «',n then i.iken up. ;
u On the question to agi ee to the following elan-'1, to he i
iti-erted aft'm ai ticle seven, section lour: * j
•• - Not s-lmll any regulation ot commerce or icvenue give ;
prclcieiu p to the poit<of one State over tho-sc ol anothei.5
'■ Agreed to mmi con.
•• On the clause—
• ' • ()r obhge vessels, bound to or from any State, to enter,
clear, oi pa\ duties m anothei,'
Mr. M vdi^on' thought the restriction would be incon-
venient, a-* m the hvim Delawuic, ll'a vessel cannot be ic-
qiuied to make entiy below the jun<dietion of Peniwj I-
vimia.
•• Mr Frr/siM.Moss admitted that it might be inconvenient,
but thought it wonUi b" a greatf i lneom'enience to requtto
vessel-, bound to Philadelphia, to enter below the jun^dic-
tion oi the Mate.
l* mr. (j! orh a nx and Mi. L w.dos contended that the Gov-
ernment would be so fettered by thi- elan- <• as to defear the
good piupose ot the plan Thev mentioned tiie situation of
the trade o!' M.e-s,iehu>ells ,ind Xc.w Il.irniitlme, the ta?c
of Sandy Unok, wbn h in the Siate ot iVew Jeisey, but
win're [)i eeautions agamsr ^mugglmg into New York ought
to he estabh-hed by the (iervual Goveinment.
" Mr M< lli:NR\r .-aid. the clause \\ ould not ncr^en a ves-
sel liom bemg obliged to take an officer on board, as a sc-
cuntv tor due entij. &c.
" Mi. Carroll win anxious that the elau.-e should he
agieed to lie as^ured the llou-^e that tln< was a tender
pond in Man land.
Mr. Jwvii'l it uigcil the necessity or the clause m the
same point ot \ n w
•• On tne question ior agreeing to it,
"•Connecticut, New Jei-ey, Pennsylvania, Delawaie,
Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Georgia, ay—8 ; New
Hampshire, South Carolina, no—2.
"The word 'tonnage'was struck out nem.conas com-
prehended m 'duties.'
"On the question on the clause of the report, 'and al'
duties, imposts, and excises laid by the Legislature shall be
uniform throughout the United States,' it was agieed to
nem. con.55 ,
Thus wc see that the precise object as expressed,
and, I think, very plainly expressed, in thaj clause,
and the reason of the mover, and it was followed
throughout in the debates, was, that a vessel com-
ing from a foreign or domestic port, and especi-
ally one from a domestic port, should not be com-
pelled to enter, to clear, or to pay duties in any
other port than that from whence it sailed, or to
which it was sailing. That, and that alone, was
the object, as expressed in all the debates, and I
think that is the fair construction of the language.
Perhaps it is not quite so explicit as the original
proposition, because that contained some more
words, and they abridged it; but still, the mean-
ing is the same. It can by no possibility mean
anything else.
I come next to the clause of the Constitution as
to tonnage duties, under which, I hold, it is in
the power of Congress to authorize the different
States to levy tonnage duties for the purpose of
internal improvements and for lights. That was
the express reason assigned for the introduction
of that clause. The language is not only very
clear, but this object was assigned as the reason
by the person introducing the clause. The clause
of the Constitution under which I claimed that
power was this:
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
any duty ol tonnage,5' &c.
The only dispute in the convention, when it was
moved for that purpose, was, whether or not it
I. should be done without the consent of Congress.
I JSomo were of the opinion that, for the put pose
! of keeping up light-houses ajul improvements of
I put t.<, the States ought to have the power. Gouv-
: erncur Morris was of the opinion that they had
I it without the clause Mr. Madison, in his ar-
gument, said there was doubt as to whether they
had tins authonty, because the power over com-
i mrrce was entirely, and ought to be, in the hands
! of the Federal Government. Although thecon-
j vention admitted that the States had power, the
; only question was on putting in the words " with-
| out the consent of Congiess." The Senate will
' find the debate on that branch of the subject on
| page 548 of Eihot'b Debates, volume five:
' •' .Mi. Ml Hi nry and Mr Carrou, moved, that
J -No Si ate shall be restrained iiom laying duties of ton-
, i nage un the pmpo.se of dealing harbors and electing light-
llOU-Cs 1
I " Colonel M in support of this, explained and urged
II the Mill taon ot the Chesapeake, which pecuhaily required
, expenses ol thl- s-oit.
^ •• M> (loi'MKNi i'H Mor&is. The States are not re-
■ aiaed ho in la \ ing tonnage a-- the Constitution now elands.
! Thee\cepiion piopo ed will imply tiie eontiaiy. and will
; put the Utiles in a noise condition than the gentleman
[Colonel Ma-on] wi-he-^
h Mi. M\dim>v. Whefhei the Statet, are now restrained
1 fioin la\ ing tonnage date's, depends on the evient of the
! pi w<i ' to legulate commerce 5 'JMies<> te.m.sare vague,
j huts em to exclude tins power of the Sta'es. Tlnw may
(mmtainiy be Kvtramed by ueaty. ile oh-cr\ed tha-theie
i wereoinei objects lot tonnage chine-:, as thes-nppoi t of tea-
! men, &.e. lie was m<>ie and moie convinced ihat the leg-
ulation of commeiee was m ;rs nature indivi?.ible,aud ought
to he wholly under one authority.
'• Mi ^Hrtoi\N'. The powe.i ofthe United ^tato^ to reg-
ulate 11 rule being mi pi eme, can eon t! ol intci lerences of the
I State icgiilatioufc, hen s-ueh lnteifeitMices liappen; mi that
j there w no daugei to be appichended from aeoneuuent
I jini -dietion.
| Mi L\xgdon' nivsi^ted that the regulation of tonnage
j wa* an e^ntial part of the regulation ot trade, and that the
[ iSfa(e> fo have /{otlnng to do wirh if
I On moiiou 1 that no Stare shall lay any duty on tonnage
I without the consent of Congics-^—
! "" Nov nampshiie^ M.e^achuserts, New Jei-ey. ])da-
| uaio, Mar\laod, South C.nohana, av—f>; 1'enn'\lvama,
Yiii>Pita, North Carolina, (Joor^i i, no—1; Connecticut di-
vided *'
'• '1 he icmainder cd'the paragiaph was then remodeled and
pa-^.ed. a?, follows, nameiv :
No Stare shall, without the consent of Congress, lay
i any duty or tonuat;'1. keep noops ot ships-of-warm time of
\ peace, enter into any aaiecment or compact with another
! State oi wuh a foreign i'o\ver,oi engage in war. unles? ac-
I tuall\ invaded or in  uch imminent danger as will not admit
j of delay,' *'
! It is evident that the very clauses under which
i I claim the power, were put in this shape ex-
, pics-sly foi the purpose of enabling the States to
. clear out harbors. I thmk the gentleman from
. Mississippi deviates from the usual rule of con-
struction, at least of the school to which he and
| { belong, when he has to interpolate into this
I clause a word on one branch of his argument, to
