318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
[March 31,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Marshall.
llo. of Reps.
The late Mr. Brooks, of South Carolina, said,
in his speech of the 15th March, 1854:
" If the natural laws of climate anil of soil exclude us
from a Territory of which we are the joint owner*, we
shaJl not and we will not complain."
Mr. Butler, of South Carolina, said, on the 2d
of March, 1354:
"If two States should ever come into the Union from
them, [the Temtories,] it is very certain that not more than
one of them could, in any possible event, be a slaveholding
State; and I have not the least idea that even one would
be."
Mr. Keitt, of South Carolina, in his speech of
30th March, 1854, quoted Mr. Pinckney, of his
own State, that
" Practically, he thought slavery would not go above the
line of 36° 30' by the Jaws of physical geogiaphy, and, there-
fore, that the South lost no tertitoiy ftt for slavery."
Senator Dayis, of Mississippi, and Senator
Mason and Senator Hunter, of Virginia, con-
firmed the above.
Senator Kennedy, American, of Maryland,
said:
" Mr. President, this agitation of slavery, upon which so
much has been said—this? harp of a thousand strings, which
has been vibrated fiom one cxtieme of the commy to the
other—has no practical political bearing on the institution
of slavery in the South to-day. It is a matter of political
economy simply; and if gentlemen will turn to the tables
with which your dopaitments are filled, they will find that
with yourtlnee million two hundied thousand slaves, talc-
ing the very strongest view you can possibly admit, you
cannot get more than half that numbei—some one million
six humited thousand slaves—as laborers and producers in
this country. Gentlemen talk to me about eicatmg a vast
excitement over tins land as to whether or not slavery is to
go into Kansas and Nebiaskaj but permit me to say that,
by the immutable laws of political economy alone, if this
body declared to-day that no mote emigrants should go into
one of these Territories north of thnty-iive degrees, I do
not honestly believe that you could retain slav«-iy there five
years."
Mr. Seward replied by stating his course was
influenced by ,i regard to tbc interests of the
whole country. He knew nothing nor cared
nothing: for party, llo thought the mistake of
Mr. Hale and others was in "thinking tiie hatllc
was not yet over when it was. It was a slvtigglefor
numerical useendvney between free and slave titutes.
There were now sixteen fiee mid fifteen slave; and
whatever Administrations, or anybody else might
do, there would be before another year nineteen
to fifteen.
Mr. Thayer,Republican, from Massachusetts,
said:
" We of the North have too high an idea of the power
of the General Government, and <•! I.uv, either for fieedom
or against freedom. Sir, tln> Gcneial Government has but
little power over this question, ft is not a motive power.
Tt only a icgistry—an exponent of power. It is the log-
book of the ship of Suite, and not the steam-engine that
piopels the ship, nor the wind that fills the canvas. We
would lilce to have the log-book kept right, to show our true
position ; but we do not now consider the Government as
the motive powei. The motive povvrr of tins nation, and
of all nations, is the people m then homes; and as the peo-
ple in their homes are, so i*>yom piosjiess. If the people in
their homes m Kansas had been pro slavery, what could the
North havu opposed to U? It was eimgiatiou, and emula-
tion only, that could have made Kansas a State, either slave
or free."
Here, then, sir, is the combined testimony of
northern and southern Senators, Republicans,
Americans, and Democrats, all concurring that
Kansas will be a free State, and thatclimate, soil,
and population, will determine that species of la-
bor which will occupy our Territories. Why will
gentlemen, in the face of this accumulated testi-
mony, argue that Kansas can be made a slave
State? Why will they persist that there is dan-
ger that the slave power will overrun our Territo-
ries, and that the southern slave dealers are even
conspiring to carry slavery into free States? I
know no way so conclusively to reply to these
clamors as to add, from the debate the other day
in the Senate, the reply of Senator Toombs to
Senator Douglas, which I beg to read. Senator
Toombs, having stated why he had not previ-
ously participated in the debate, said:
li But that Senator having anaigned. in mv judgment, and
unjustl.v arraigned, the section of this Union fiom which I
come, for the purpose of Ins own defense, I desiie to be
heaid for a short tune upon his course, and m vindication
of thciis.
" The Ia«t two houis of the Senator's speech have been
devoted to two single points. The first was an atticle in the
Washington Union ot tiic 17th of November. i should have
let the Senator settle hisdiiiiculty with that newspaper in his
own way, either here or elsewheie—and I think it would .
have been more consistent with the dignity of the Senate I
and of the subject to settle it elsewhere than here ; still, it1
would have brought no comment from me; I should have
stood the infliction—if the Senator hud not connected my I
own section of the country with that article in the Wash-
ington Union.
" Mr. President, no man in this body knows better than
the Senator ftom Illinois that no such punciple as he at-
tacked has ever been a seited by a single slaveholding State
in this Union, or a single representative of the slaveholding
States. If they have, I demand of that Senator now to say
so. Sir, they have not. He cannot show that one of those
States, through any of its authorized organs, not even
through its newspapers, thiough none of its Senators, and
through none of its Representatives, has ever asseited the
right to carry slaves into a sovereign State against its con-
stitution. This being so, he has spent one houi of his speech
in order to make capitalin Illinois, and that is all. That is
the beginning and the end of it. That Senator has no right
to anaign my constituents, or the men of the South, for an
article m the Washington Union. None, sir, none. He has
not a right to make it the occasion for making capital for
himself, by seeming to be the defender of the principles of
the constitutions of the free States, when no man at the
South has ever assailed them. He defends what nobody
assails, and he assails what nobody defends."*
Sir, the appeal is constantly made from both
wings of this Capitol, to the free laborers of the
North to ral ly and meet the aggressive slave power
upon our Territories. These appeals come from
either weak, distempered, or dishonest minds. It
is imbecility or ignorance that trembles at these
false alarms. None know better than our oppo-
nents that there is not an inch of territory on this
continent that free labor will not occupy where our
free laborers can live and thrive; their countless
throngs are already pressing through the gorges of
the Rocky Mountains. If l hey would elevate and
dignify the free laborers of the North, let them
pass the bill giving them homesteads from the pub-
lic domain, instead of giving millions of its acres to
colossal corporations to be their future landlords
and masters, and perhaps in the end to be reclaimed
from them through violence and blood, as the ple-
beians rescued the public domain, won by their
blood from the grasp of the patricians in the days
of imperial Rome. But, sir, this kind of practical
philanthropy towards the free laborers of the North
would cost something; they believe m a cheap phi-
lanthropy; long prayers of their political priests,
and New England psalmody, are more to their taste
and habits of economy. Underground railroads
tlicy believe in, because they can run cheap, as
their employes can always be paid with checks,
certified by their political priests, payable in the
other woild.
Slavery, sir, has constantly been receding south
since the formation of the Union—not from the
pressure of a popular fanaticism or increase of
vital piety in the North—not from congressional
interference—but because slave labor was more
profitable southward, from the enhanced value of
tropical productions, and their increased demand
throughout the world. The gentleman from Mis-
| sourl, the other day, quoted approvingly from
I Mr. Randolph's speech:
j "Tin; moment the laboi of the slave ceases to be piofit-
able to the ma^tci, oi vciy vnou after it has readied that
1 stiige, if //tc shrrc im/l nof run awaij fiom the master, the
, master mil ruu aivu'jfrom the stav^\'',
The gentleman from Massachusetts planted his
: abolition on profit. He thought Yankees might
, own slaves South, if it would improve their social
J condition, especially if they found it necessary in
! order to marry a wife. Now, sir, those who know
! the Yankees well would not doubt his proposi-
tion. They, T think, would concede more to the
, liberality of the Yankee. They would even believe
i the Yankee would not object to the wife, even if
| she happened to own a few negroes.
i So far as the issue of the rejection or admission
, of Kansas as a State is of any practical import-
i ance to the South, it has passed away, and they
, so regard it. So far as the North is concerned,
, 1 could not so well express the conclusion as to
; quote from the gentleman from Virginia, when,
1 on this iloor, turning to the North, he said:
j <e For you, there is the full fiuition and the triumphant
i result. For us, theie only Imgeis a naked piinciple •
j il' A bauen scepter in our gupe,
] Thence to be wrenched with an unlmeal hand,
No son of ours succeeding!'55
! Mr. Chairman, my time will only permit me to
' add, in conclusion, that in the view I take of all
these momentous issues, there is one that trans*
. cends all others m the magnitude of fearful con-
! 
j * The docame attributed to the Union's article by Senu-
! tor Douglas, was subsequently disavowed by the Union
itself.
sequences. It is not whether Kansas shall be ad-
mitted as a slave State or a free State, for the latter
is conceded a fixed fact; but it is whether the De-
mocracy of this Union shall be overthrown or
survive the coming conflict. To day it is the only
surviving party in the history of our Government;
all others have disappeared. To-day it is the only
party that carries the flag of ourUnion; the only
party whose ranks, filled with the toiling millions,
keep step to the " music of the Union." In its
past struggles for ascendency many have deserted,
many ha^e fallen; but, thank God, their places
have been filled in its advancing columns. None
know so well as our oft-beaten enemies on the
other side that their only path to victory is over
the prostrate Democracy of this Union.
Wo are now warned by the other side that a
crisis has arrived in our political history, and that
the fate of this great party is sealed. It may be
so. If it be true, God knows I desire not to lift
the vail which hangs over the future of my coun-
try. I am no alarmist, but I will utter the honest
sentiment of my heart, that I as solemnly believe
as I believe in my God, that if the Democracy of
this Union goes down, the flag of the Union will
go down to be trampled in fraternal blood under
the feet of northern and southern hosts contend-
ing for the empire of this continent. Yes, sir, go
down to rise no more—never again to float from
the dome of this Capitol.
But, sir, it will not go down. The Democracy
of this Union has a higher, it has a divine des-
tiny. Its mission must and will be fulfilled. Its
mission in this Republic is to maintain this Union
—equality to all its sections, equality to all its cit-
izens in their constitutional, religious, civil, and
personal rights. Its mission on this earth is uni-
versal emancipation. Wirt, in his eulogy on the
immortal Jefferson, the father of Democracy, said:
"From the working of the strong enfigie* within him,
theie arose an eaijy vision which eheeied his youth, and
accompanied him through lite—the vision of emancipated
man tinoughout the world."
In the war of the crusades, among the gorgeous
cnsignswhich Christian knights bore on the fields
of Palestine, there was one banner, plain and un-
adorned, containing one inscription. Wherever
that banner was borne the Saracen ranks gave
way, and the shouts of victory from the Chris-
tian hosts went up. That banner contained this
simple inscription:
God will? it."
ADMISSION or KANSAS.
SPEECH OF IION.S.S. MARSHALL,
OF ILLINOIS,
In tue House of Representatives,
March 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Chairman: I had not intended, till within
the last few days, to submit any remarks of my
own on the subject of this much vexed Kansas
question. It is entirely exhausted. It is impos-
sible to present anything in the way of novelty
or argument, or even of declamation, on a subject
which has been so long discussed before the
House and before the country.
I do not propose this evening to go into any-
thing like a general discussion of the various
points that have been mooted and discussed on
this floor; and were it not that this question has
assumed an importance in the public mind far
beyond what it is entitled to, in my estimation;
were it not for the fact that the people of one sec-
tion of the Confederacy are agitated, and seem to
think their peculiar institutions and their consti-
tutional rights arc involved in this'issue; were it
not for the fact that a large portion of the people
of the country seem to think that on the result of
this question now before the House, depends the
perpetuity of the Union; and as serious results
may, in fact, follow the action of Congress, it be-
comes important not only that we should record
our votes, but that the countryshould be informed
what were our views and motives for so doing;
were it not for these facts, I would have been con-
tent to cast a silent vote.
But, sir, as the record in reference to the con-
