185S.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
"dough-face" is peculiar to northern latitudes. J
The race has flourished somewhat extensively in t
the past, but at present " is growing small by S
degrees and beautifully less." Our citizens may j
entertain great respect for a man born upon a '
southern plantationand reared amid the influences
of the chattel system, taught in infancy, and
strengthened in his rising manhood, in the belief
that it is the best social system for all communi-
ties; taught to demand even its acknowledgment
as an equal to a free system. I say our people
may entertain a great respect for such a man, but
none at all for hts principles upon that question.
But they have small respect, and instinctively in-
quire fora««ise,vv hen a son of their State, or of the
North, becomes plastic, and susceptible of being
molded into the image and likeness of a southern
partisan chattel in the political market. Such
seem to take tlie name of " dough-face," as you
would take an epidemic disease, that is—" in the
natural way." I do not deny But some honest
men, who honestly entertain opinions favorable
to the expansion of the slave system—who see
in " King Cotton "the pride and glory, as well as
the savior of their country, may have this badge
applied to them unjustly. But it is their mis-
fortune, and tliey must wait until the final judg-
ment exposes their motives, when they will cer-
tainly be righted. It is a compound word of such
significance in its application, that it will be hard
to crowd it out of the northern political vocabu-
lary while a single case of applicability remains.
My colleague admits that the Democracy of
Connecticut " accord to the South the right to
move into the Territories of the United States
with their properly, whenever and wherever they
please, so long as they are Territories," (I quote
his language,) and then coolly asserts, m the face
of history, that this was one of " the compromises
of the Constitution!" Sir, he has studied that in-
strument, and the history of the convention which
framed it, to little purpose if he has not yet learned
that the claimed rights, nay, more, the legal exist-
ence of slavery under that Constitution, were de-
nied a place in the instrument. He would have
been correct had he stated that it was one of the
late compromises of the boasted national Demo-
cratic party. He maybe pardoned if, like many
of his political friends, he esteems the pro-slavery
Democratic platform his own and his party's con-
stitution. But the people of Connecticut do not
accord that right either by an interpolation of our
national charter, or at the dictum of party leaders.
Sir, the Democratic party of my State has fur- •
lushed its full quota of dough-faces to aid this
system of slave pro pagan dfem. In times of high
party excitement over local questions, they have j
thrown a crop of this political seed to the surface; |
but almost invariably it has been with the pro- j
testations of opposition to slavery extension roll- i
ing like oil from their tongues. When the repeal j
of the Missouri restriction was consummated, j
many of its prominent men were staggered, and j
a majority of its representation upon this floor re- !
corded their votes against it: but they soon sue- ,
cumbed to southern dictation, and took their old
places in the ranks. But they have persistently
deceived their people in relation to their true po- ;
sition upon this question. Their political petti-
foggers, in the last presidential election, made
flaming appeals to the Democracy to sustain "Bu-
chanan, Breckinridge, and Free Kansas," under
the workings of this new light of the party, named
" popular sovereignty." Theycooly argued that
under the new system, slavery had met its last
foe, had occupied its last inch of virgin soil in this j
country, and that the national Democracy had ef-
fectually checked its advancing tide. That was
the local doctrine fitted for the latitude of Con-
necticut, and the campaign in which it was used.
Now that " Buchanan, Breckinridge, and Free s
Kansas"has culminated in " Lecompton,"and in 1
forcing the system of slavery upon a people con- ,
trary to their will, my colleague, speaking for the
party which he represents, coolly proclaims that
" they concede the right to the South to move into
the Territories of the United Slates with their prop-
erty, (i. e. slaves,) whenever and wherever they
please, so long as they are Territories," but most
pitifully begs, as a boon in return, that the South
shall not institute unhealthy comparisons between
their chattel slaves and the free mechanics of the
North, to prove that they occupy the same social
and relative position in political soeicty. further :
than this, he entreats them to cease attempting to
prove that it is a Divine system, for it really hurts
the feelings of the party m Connecticut.
The Democratic press of my State is completely
under the control of this pro-slavery Administra-
tion, without a single exception of which I am
aware. Every publisher or editor has one of the
teats of the national udder between his lips, and,
with his mouth full of the golden milk of execu-
tive patronage, pitifully moans the request to his
southern brethren, to suppress the common sen-
timent held between them for the party's sake.
The proposition of my colleague forthe extinction
of slavery in the Territory of Kansas, by the pur-
chase of the slaves taken thereunder this Demo-
cratic doctrine, is perfectly consistent with those
commerce principles which admit the right of
traffic in human flesh, and which characterize the
hunker portion of that party. It is the utterance of
a doctrine, and the recommendation of a "specu-
lation," so cold-blooded and godless in its char-
acter, that it will shock the religious portion of
his State; while among the infidels it will, as it
did here, provoke laughter under the very ribs
of the moral death which it proclaims.
I sicken, sir, over the recital of those outrages
against freedom which have characterized the so-
called Democratic party. The child has changed
its nature as a chameleon does its hues, and hav-
ing become, if not black, at least tawny in color,
should receive a new christening. Whatever
measure it proposes, whatever act it performs,or
whatever platform its changing necessities require
it to inaugurate, in all these "the nigger" is prom-
inent. Asserting that " the slave has no rights
which a white man is bound to respect," it still
insists that the slave system shall be the head and
front, the Alpha and Omega of party allegiance
and constitutional obligation. When the Presi-
dent of the United States stooped from his high
position and entered the partisan arena to attempt
a public answer to a modest petition from some
of the first citizens of my State, he acted consist-
ently, judging him by the measures of the modern
Democracy. Sir, the doctrine of political ethics
taught in that ancient and world-renowned Jllma
Mater, in New Haven, does not tally with the
bald assumptions of the political Hotspurs of to-
day. Her learned professors are of the school of
the Shermans, the Wolcotts, and Dwights;and
the partisan fulminations of the President fell
harmlessly at the feet of the noble men whom
God yet permits to linger under the shadows of
her venerated walls. The party of the President
in my State gathered no converts to their faith
from that presidential tilt with those honored cit-
izens.
Mr. Chairman, I have felt it due to myself and
my constituents to say this much in explanation
of their true character, social position, and polit-
ical opinions upon the slavery question. I had_
determined with myself not to occupy the time of
the House, but to pronounce my own as well as
their judgment upon that feature of slavery ex-
tension now under the consideration of Congress,
in a negative vote upon every phase which it
should assume. I have no desire to rehearse the
catalogue of invasions and frauds practicedagamst
the people of Kansas Territory. Neither have I
i the taste to dissect so foul a mass of political cor-
j ruption as was, in my opinion, embodied in that
Lecompton convention. For the same reason I
i do not desire to analyze the child that partakes so
largely the paternal nature and character. Other
and abler hands have done it; and, in my opinion,
most successfully. On the face of the whole pro-
ceedings, from the first invasion downwards, it is
marked with violence, fraud, and a pro-slavery
fanaticism almost insane. Its leaders and abettors
have been men high in authority, and blood-red
murders have followed its serpentine trail. Its
consummation has come to be a party test, and
its legal crowning will be a blow which will drive
that party staggering to its political death.
During the recess of Congress I visited the 1 er-
ritory, conversed with its citizens, and gathered
up as much of its unwritten history as circum-
stances permitted. It harmonizes with the rccoid
already upon the page of history and before the
country. I stood by the row of graves in the
open field, on the summit of the hill which over-
looks the city of Lawrence, and from a resident
learned the history of this column of sleeping mar~
tyrs. History may be ransacked in vain to find
a parallel of brutality, savage hate, and fiendish
malignity which brought these men to .thei r bloody
graves. If " the blood of the martyrs is the seed
of the Church," then the blood of freemen is not
lost when it is yielded up to establish free insti-
tutions. If the strong influence of this Adminis-
tration, and the force of party discipline shall
place this constitution as a yoke upon the.,necks
of a subdued people, I stilt shall have confidence
that the sons of revolutionary sires will have
enough of their fathers' spirit to emancipate them-
selves, and found for themselves a domain of free-
dom, peaceably if they can—forcibly, if that is
the only alternative. The arbitrament of war is
a court of last appeal, and should not be tried un-
til the hope of a peaceful revolution has exhausted
itself. When that crisis is reached the people
must decide to be slaves or freemen.
Mr. Chairman, before closing I wish briefly to
assign the reasons why I shall cast my vote against
every step which looks to the consummation of
this fraud.
In the first place, reflecting the sentiments of
my constituents, I will not vote to admit a single
inch of slave territory lying within the limits
covered by the Missouri restriction of 1820. Its
abrogation was in bad faith, and was designed, to
say no more, to renderpossiWe what had solemnly
been adjudged, and for a long series of years ac-
quiesced in, as impossible. Ihavenofaith—had
none—in the catch-phrase of "popular sover-
eignty" with which that measure was gilded in
order to screen the possibility or the purpose be-
neath it. It was asserted by our coolest men, at
the time of the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, that the repeal of the Missouri restriction
would result in the formation of a slave State
within the limits from which the restriction was
removed. Their prediction finds a fulfillment. It
comes here with a slave constitution, in spite of
the dogma of " popular sovereignty," and a ma-
jority of ten thousand votes of its citizens cast
against it. But, sir, if every man in the Territory
desired its admission with slavery, under the po-
sition which I have assumed, I could not, and
would not, vote in its favor.
Another reason for its rejection would be found
in the frauds connected with the formation of tha
constitution presented, even though the first could
be waived. Why, sir, if testimony is to be cred-
ited—and Democratic Governors'and Secretaries
join in concurrence with the other proof spread
before the face of the people—then this instrument
is unworthy the respectful attention of the Con-
gress of a free country, and should be kicked lus-
tily from these Halls. If saved at all, it must be
by technicalities and special pleading. An instru-
ment of this nature, which is to determine the po-
litical and social complexion of a sovereign State,
should not be saved merely because it was able
to pass through such a gauntlet as this. We are
not a petty court, sitting for the trial of a meager
suit at law, to be governed by its petty techni-
calities, granting to the special pleader his verdict
in consequence of his ingenuity in shaping his
case, or artfully and skillfully dodging the tough
points of his opponent by legal quibbles. As the
nation's tribunes, we are sitting m judgment on
the legal birth of a new Commonwealth seeking
to be added to this Confederacy. Standing upon
the doctrine of popular sovereignty, and lh the
face of the ten thousand majority of its citizens
against this constitution, no northern Democrat
can, in my opinion, vote for this rejected instru-
ment, and be true to his pledges to the peo-
ple. ...
If the voice of the people is to be authoritative
in the founding of new States out of the common
domain, without the interposition of Congress,
then it should bear their popular verdict of ap-
proval, clear as the sun at noonday. Sir, popu-
lar sovereignty does not weigh a feather in the
balance when opposed to the schemes of the slave
propagandists of the day. They mean slavery
m Kansas, whether a majority of its citizens ap-
prove ordisapprove. They mean two slave-State
Senators in the other wing of the Capitol, for four
and six years respectively. All the irruptions of
the Goths and Vandals of Missouri in the_ differ-
ent elections; nil the slaughter of Democratic Gov-
ernors by the national Executive; the quartering
ot a Fed. ml army within her borders; the refusal
to enroll her citizens upon the poll-lists; the dis-
franchisement of nineteen counties in the pre-
