1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE;
V
make it "domestic tonnage." He seems to en-
tertain the idea that you could not lay a duty on
foreign tonnage, according to his reply to my
friends from Louisiana and Illinois, but could on
domestic tonnage. The whole argument on the
first clause, to which I referred, was as to domes-
tic ships sailing from one port to another; but the
clause was made so as to embrace not only ships
sailing from one port of the United States to an-
other, but ships from foreign ports.
Congress is bound, under this clause of theCon-
stitution,#and that is what it was introduced for,
to establish proper offices for the entry, payment
of duties, and clearance of ships at Baltimore in-
stead of at Norfolk. The same is the case at Phil-
adelphia. She has a right to clear her ships at
Philadelphia, and not at Wilmington. She b-as a
right to pay her duties and make her entry at
Philadelphia, and not at Wilmington. Theframers
of the Constitution believed that under the gen-
eral power to regulate commerce, if there were no
restriction, this Government might compel a ship
bound for Baltimore to enter and pay duties at
Norfolk. I think those who moved the proposi-
tion were right. But for this clause that might
be done, and then the Federal Government would
not have had to establish custom-houses, and ports
of entry, and 'ports of delivery, in the different
States. It might have been more convenient to
the Government, and clearly more economical, to
require all vessels bound for the port of Alexan-
dria, the port of Georgetown, the port of Balti-
more, and the port of Richmond, to enter and pay
all the duties at Norfolk. That would save us a
vast amount of expense. If we had that power,
we ought certainly to have used it to compel the
vessels to enter and pay duty there, and then go
on their voyage to other points. But the States,
jealous that the power would be exercised by the
Federal Government m some shape or foi m, made
the first clause, to which I have alluded, with no
other view in the world but to prevent the Fed-
eral Government doing it—not to prevent State
action, not to prevent them, as erroneously sup-
posed, to impose duties and burdens.
.My honorable friend from Mississippi is mis-
taken as to the case he put of Charleston and Sa-
vannah. I cannot conceive a case m which H
would bo to the interest of Savannah to prevent
a vessel from Charleston coming into that port. I
think there is no conceivable case m which she
would want to lay prohibitory duties. In fact, I
have ascertained that the States which got the
right to lay tonnage duties for the improvement
of their harbors, would not use it, for the reason
that it gave a preference to rival ports. There is
no difficulty with Savannah. She abandoned her
power and asked you to take away the wrecks
which you had put in the Savannah river, and riot
let her tax her commerce for it, because she said,
that if a foreign vessel coming from Liverpool has
to pay tonnage duties in Savannah, and none in
Charleston, it would be an encouragement of
Charleston, and a discouragement of Savannah.
I cannot conceive a state of things in which it is
against the interest of the people of any particular
port in any State to prevent the entry of ships
from another State.
Again, it is a sufficient answer to say that with-
out this clause of the Constitution they have no
such power, and this clause is given for no other
purpose but to lay tonnage duties by the consent
of Congress. It was at first expressed by the
mover in different language, and it was afterwards
put into its present shape, with the avowed object
of allowing the States to clear out then harbors
and put up their lights. That was a legitimate
business, and it ought to be followed now, and
it would be followed, as I stated yesterday, but
for the general disposition throughout the tJnited
States—which is common to all people—for the
most cntcrprisingportionof the community to put
the expenses of their business on the least enter-
prising. That is the euse at the North; it is the
case at the South; it is the case in England; it is
the case the world over. In England they improve
their harbors, and they charge the commerce ben-
efited by the improvement. Any gentleman who
will take the trouble to look at then* system will
find it to be so. Tonnage duties arek'\ied then-;
each place pays its own expenses. Their light-
house system does not cost the English Govt, rn-
ment a cent, and harbor improvements do nor cos?
that Government a cent, because they have come
to this great principle of justice: they do not al-
low capital to put the expense of its business on
labor. How is it now m New York? I would
take Savannah if that was as large a place, be-
cause the illustration I give is not on account of
the locality of Now York. Is it just that t!H
great body of the industrious laboring people of
New York, the men who toil by the day, and who
pay duties on imports, who pay revenue to this
Government, should be taxed for the payment of
the light dues of the millionaire that owns a slnp,
or port duties for the benefit of an insurance office
in New York ? Is there anything in the relative
condition of the different classes of people in New
York which can justify that ? I recollect seeing,
a day or two ago, a statement—I do not know
how authentic it was, butit purported to be taken i
from the books—that there are less than thirty j
thousand tax-payers on the books of New York I
city, which has a population of six hundred thou- !
sand inhabitants. If you assume that there are
six persons in the family of each of the thirty
thousand tax-payers, there would not be one
third of the population of New York that have
any property at all which is taxable under the
local law. Four hundred thousand of the people
of New York have no visible taxable property,
but they are largely taxed by this Government
in their consumption, what they eat, and drink,
and wear, to lessen the burden of millionaires in
commerce, men who own ships and have capital.
This is unjust—as unjust to them as it is to the
people in Georgia or Vermont—for the rule is uni-
versal. Persons who own ships, the insurance of-
fices, and those who are dealing in capital, should
pay the expenses of their own business, and not
put them upon the toiling millions.
I recollect—I speak from memory—that I saw
last fall the report of a very valuable society for
the impiovement of the condition of the poor, in
which it was alleged that one sixth of the entire
population of the city of New York lived on
public charity; that three sixths of the residue
were so near it as to be unable to contribute to tlvat
one sixth, and therefore that the other two sixths >
paid foi supporting the one sixth; that is, everjpj1
two of the inhabitants were charged with the sup- j
port of a third. I do not think there is anything '
so very remarkable in the results of that system, j
although it is free labor, and they are free peo- !
, pie, which should encourage this Government, or ;
1 should invite the Senate and the Mouse of Repre- j
: sentativesof this great country to take burdens off !
; the wealthy, off the ship-owner, off the capital- i
, ist, to put them on the toiling millions, one sixth [
I of whom are already on the paiish, and three 1
j sixths of them so near it that they arc unable to ;
i contribute one cent to alleviate the woes of their '
; poorer fellow-citizens. j
] That is the condition of things there, and it has
i resulted from the tendency of Government—and I
I believe it is more so m a republican Govern- 'j
1 ment than in any other—to make the rich richer,
! and the poor poorer. The rich are necessarily ;
1 the enterprising and the intelligent; they have the
; means of doing it, and their whole object is to
i use the Government in order to get at the public
; Treasury. What is the gold in the publioTieus-
| ury, after all? In its last analysis, it is but the 1
sweat of the poor. The object is to t.ike this
, sweat of the poor from the public Treasury. ~nd
' to give it to the persons who have the hugest
i means, who are engaged m commerce, and in va- ■
| nous other occupations mure lucrative, of course;
j that is, to take from poverty and give to wealth.
| i do not oppose the improvement of tins coun-
[ try. No man in the United States would go fur-
' ther than I would Xo develop the resouriesof this
{ great people, or give Government aid to any ex-
j tent allowed by the Constitution, and that was
i just to all. These are the only two linuu to any
' efforts of mine to improve this country, and every
part of it: show me the power, and show me the
! just means. I think the system of tonnage du-
ties is a just means; and hence I attributed more
' importance to it than the casual remark of my
fnend fiom Mississippi would otherwise hare at-
tracted. I. think it a j'.u'l and legitimate means
i that these people ->!io>;M liui e tilt: h t to lay ton-
1 uuLu s in lt.ipiove tJie.r livers and ha/bor-3.
IVi 'juently tut,- Suites have done -m. N->w Y  rk
has done it with some of ii jr n\--< M.ie early
I commenced the svsteiu, to net' ijreat eredir, winch
! has resulted to her ^^nerai orospenfy. She mada
artificial communications where she had ,nfo rivers':
and where she had defective'natural- ones-, she
improved them; but she taxed those* Who used
them, and thus restored to the public Treasury
what she had taken from it." I am content that
each place should tax the tonnage cdmkg'mfo'"it
for its own improvement. Let New Orleans dor
it, for instance. I think the "Mississippi rive?
ought to be improved, and I cannot see the diftf
culty my friend from Mississippi does about a
vessel starting below St. "Louis, and stopping
above New Orleans. They can be made to pajj
in any collection district where they stop. 'They
can be made to pay at the point whence tfjey'sailj
or the point where they arrive. There is'ivo diffi-
culty that I see, no risk in makingthosc who use
that great highway pay for its improvement. Tii<l
fact that its tonnage is great, that the wealth
which floats on its bosom is great, would make
the tax inconsiderable; and having a remote in-
terest even on those waters, I should be glad to
see a system adopted by which the wealth that
annually floats on the bosom of that mighty river
should be tolled for the purpose of adding security
to human life, and security to property on those
waters; but I desire it to be done legitimately. I
do not want to tax the man in Vermont or in New
Hampshire for the purpose of aiding to float ray j
cotton on the bosom of the Mississippi. If my t
cotton floats there I am willing to pay the expense i*
of it; if I ship my produce down the Mississippi W
river, and snags interfere, I see no reason why I
should go to the poor man on the hills of Ver-
mont, and ask him to toll his little lambs to float
the avails of my industry to the great ports of the
world. It is unjlist. Such a system is injurious
to every section. It is local. It injures New
York as much as it injures other people. To levy
a tax on the people of the State of New York to
improve the harbor of Oswego, or on the people
of Illinois to tax the harbor of Chicago, would
not be submitted to an instant in those States
without imposing a toll on those benefited. No
man would dare to rise in the State Lrgislature
and propose so great an iniquity; and yet that
would be more unjust than it is here to charge it
on this Government,,because it might be said that
as you improved the value of property at Oswego
and at Chicago, you benefited, incidentally, the
people of the whole State, and made it more capa-
ble of paying taxes. That is not true in regard
to our indirect system of taxes by which we sup-
port this Government. A man may have mil-
lions of property in Chicago, and millions of
property in Oswego, and yet may not pay one
cent to the public revenue of the United States.
I know that is the case with a great portion of the
uchest men with us—careful men. They make
at home everything, or nearly everything, they
use. They make their clothes at home, which
are spun and wove by their domestics, or often-
times by their own wives and daughters. They
pay no duty on their sugar. They d.still their
own whisky, and make brandy out of their own
peaches. They do not pay you any duties on
what they eat or drink or wear; theiefoie they
can defy your indirect taxation, although they
may own millions of pioperty ■ It is not &o, how-
ever, with the great mass, (.specially with the
poor. They must pay. A man who is a me-
chanic-must pay you duties for what he wears
and drinks and eats; and so it is with every man
who is not a farmer.
I say that the system of tonnage duties pointed
out by the Constitution is free from difficulty, and
it oushf to be resoited to. As I remarked yes-
teiday. us opponents have generally been those
who wished the Government to make their im-
provemt nts and pay for them, in order that they
might put the expenditures on the puhhc Treas-
ury. Of course, in this remark I do not include
the honorable Senator from Mississippi ^ If they
contribute their taxes in proportion to other peo-
ple, and draw out thousands where others draw
out nothing, they understand how thai woiks.
Such a system is against the interest of all classes,
except the particular locality where the improve-
ment is made. It is unjust to the rural districts
in New- York and Illinois, as it is in G^oi.^ia and
Arkansas. It is unjust even to the^ working peo-
p!-> in the very towns" where these improvements
are made. The only possible incidental advantage
they could get, lfanj, would be increased employ-
ment growing out of the prnspeuty of the town;
