1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
of the northern States—aconstructionwhich made
the resolution condemn the Administration and
the Senatois from Indiana who were sustaining
its policy; and which made it sustain and indorse
the Senator who took issue with that policy, al-
though no mention of, or allusion to, the Admin-
istration or that Senator is to be found in the res-
olution.
Sir, I would not remain on this floor a moment
if I supposed that in any act or vote I was not re-
flecting the sentiment of a large majority of my
political friends in Indiana. Although the State
convention was not a body which could properly
give me binding instructions, yet it was an assem-
blage of my political friends, the representatives
of that party to which I belong, and therefore a
fair reflex of the opinions of that party; and of
course its opinions, if they might not absolutely
control, should and would at least color my action
here. The impression which it has been indus-
triously sought to create, that the convention
adopted resolutions condemnatory of my course,
would, if it were a true construction, place me in
the attitude of misrepresenting the Democratic
party of my State. I will call attention to the
resolution as published in the Intelligencer, and
in the Globe, where it appeared by itself, without
any accompanying statement of the fact that other
resolutions had been adopted by the convention,
indorsing the President and the Senators from
Indiana, without any accompanying reference as
to any other action of the convention, leaving it,
as already said, to be inferred that the resolution
was the only expression of opinion relative to the
present unfortunate issue. Here it is:
"Resolved, That we are still in favor of the great doctrine
of the Kansas-Nebraska act, and that by a piaetical appli
cation ot thatdoctunethe people of aStateor Teintory aie
vested with the right of ratifying or rejecting at the ballot-
box any constitution that may be ftamed for then govern-
ment ; and, therefore, no Territory should be admitted into
the Union as a State without a fair expression of the will
01 the people being first had upon the constitution accom-
panying the application for admission."
I grant that the language of the resolution, as
thus published—especially when accompanied
with a positive declaration, as it was when it was
exhibited in this city, that it was designed for
the purpose—■justified the supposition that it was
condemnatory of the Administration, and sup-
ported the view maintained by the Senator from
Illinois, in opposition to the President's opinion
that it may be the lesser of evils, in view of all
the circumstances, past and present, in Kansas,
to admit that Territory as a State, under the con-
stitution which it was supposed was about to be
presented.
After reciting the acknowledged and correct
Democratic doctrine, that the people of a State or
Territory are invested with the right of ratifying
or rejecting any constitution framed for their gov-
ernment, it proceeded to say, that (t therefore" no
Stable should be admitted without a fair expres-
sion of the willofits people on their constitution.
Such a " fair expression" has been doubtless had
in the case of Kansas, or at least an opportunity
offered for it. The word " therefore" would im-
ply that the convention intended to apply the res-
olution to the present as well as future cases. I
am advised such was not their intention. The
language of the resolution as it passed is perverted
in the pretended copy I have read, by whom, or
for what purpose, I know not, and care not. By
some sort of telegraphic or other legerdemain, a
word is inserted which is not in the original res-
olution—a word by which its meaning is made
quite different from that meaning really attached
to it when it was passed by the convention. The
resolution, as passed, is a mere reiteration of the
doctrine proclaimed in the President's message.
It will be remembered that in the message he ex-
pressed his regret that the entire constitution of
Kansas had not been submitted to the people,
and said:
" I trust, however, the example set by the last Congress,
requiring that the constitution ofMinnesota should besub-
ject to the approval and ratification of the people of the
proposed State, may be followed on future occasions."
The resolution as passed by the State conven-
tion of Indiana, on the 8th of January, reiterated
this doctrine. Here it is, from the official pro-
ceedings of the convention:
i:R.e£nlred, That we are still in favor of the great doctrine
of the Kansas-Nebraska act, and that by a practical appli-
cation of that doctrine, the people of a State are vested with
the right of ratifying or rcjccting, at the ballot-box, any con-
stitution that may be framed for their government; and that,
hereafter, no Terntory should be admitted into the Union
as a State without a fair expression of the will of the people
bemj first had upon the constitution accompanying the ap-
plication for admission."
This is the very doctrine advocated by the Pres-
ident, and there is no justification in the language
of the resolution for the attempt to so pervert its
meaning and so misrepresent the sentiment of the
convention as to make them indorse any gentle-
man or any party who might choose to take a posi-
tion in antagonism to the Administration. The
construction placed on the resolution as it was
published in the papers of this city, and the com-
ments of Republican letter-writers, imply the ex-
istence of a faction within the Democratic organi-
zation of Indiana. There is no such thing. In
that State the Democratic party is now, as it has
ever been, a unit, upon all matters of political
principle. It recognizes no faction. None exists
within it. Its members may differ upon questions
of expediency, and relative to men; but there is
little, if any, difference upon principle. It was a
unit in support of the nomination of the Presi-
dent at Cincinnati, and in supportofhis election;
and it will continue a unit in his support, unless
in the very improbable event of his abandonment
of its principles. There lies before me a letter
from an active and leading delegate to the con-
vention, in which he reiterates, in the language I
am about to read, the sentiment that was pro-
claimed in the published debates of the conven-
tion. He says:
" What I wish to call your attention to, is that *******
who appealed to be considered a leader of the Douglas men,
stated emphatically several times, and reaffirmed the dec-
laration. wiien Mr. ****** Mated it and appealed to him for
its truth, that the resolution was not intended to apply to
any measure, men, or locality, but as the statementof agen-
eral proposition, applicable to futuie contingencies. In that
view of it alone could it have passed. Had it been regarded
as implying any condemnation of the Administration, Mr.
Bright, and youiself, it would not have parsed."
This, as I have said, is corroborated by the debate
in the convention; for,as published, one delegate
known throughout the State for his eloquent ad-
vocacy of the principles of the Democracy during
the late presidential canvass, and a warm friend
of the Senator he mentioned, stated, as reported
in the Sentinel, "This was a convention of the
national Democracy. There were no two parties.
There was no Douglas party here." Sir, I am
rejoiced that the resolution passed. It is a renewed
declaration of a principle endeared to the Democ-
racy—one upon which, I trust, it will always act.
There may be an unfortunate difference of opin-
ion as to whether the principle has been properly
carried out in Kansas, in consequence of the dif-
ficulties in that Territory. But that is a difference
only as to the extent of its application in a par-
ticular case. It affects not the principle. That
remains the governing ruin of action of every
Democrat—a principle in defense of which we all
rally.
Vet, sir, the spurious copy of the resolution has
been used in this city, by whomsoever had it in
possession, for the purpose of conveying the im-
pression that it was a condemnation of the Ad-
ministration and a support of a gentleman who
has arrayed himself against it, on the extent and
manner of the application of this principle, and
the kindred one of non-intervention in Kansas,
and this impression has been industriously circu-
lated for purposes best known to those who have
done it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have no de-
sire to interpose 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs.)
The Senator will indulge the Chair a moment.
The Senator from Indiana,the Chairunderstands,
has made a personal explanation. There is noth-
ing pending now before the Senate for the decision
of the body.
Mr. FITCH. I merely desired to show that
I was not acting in antagonism to my political
friends at home.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As allusion has been made
to me, I ask the same courtesy.
Mr. FITCH. With the permission of the Sen-
ator, I will state that I only made the allusion be-
cause it was contained in the papers which I have
been compelled to read. I have made no intima-
tion as to any part the Senator has taken in it, if
he has taken any, and I do not know that he has
taken any.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not wish to make any
point of order, but all this is very disagrecableto
me. I think it ought not to be indulged by this
body. 1 do not think it is properly a personal
explanation. Party rumors and newspaper re-
marks, in regard to party conventions, are not
properly in order as topics for personal explana-
tions in the Senate. This is not the proper place
for them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana addressed the Chair. The Chair
did not know what his purpose was or what he
was about to conclude with, but now understands
it was for the purpose of making a personal ex-
planation. It was permitted by the Chair—no
Senator objecting. Nothing is now pending be-
fore the Senate. The Senator from Illinois, the
Chair understands, rises for the same purpose—
to make a personal explanation—and if there be
no objection, he will proceed.
Mr. HALE. I shall want the same privilege
to explain the resolutions of the New Hampshire
Democratic central committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. As I stated before, I have no
disposition to interpose one word in a matter be-
tween the Senator from Indiana and his constit-
uents. Whatever differences of opinion, if any,
exist between that Senator and those whom he
represents, they are matters with which I have
nothing to do; upon which I have no comment
to make; and witn which I have no wish to inter-
fere in any way.
Allusion, as I said before, has been made to me
in a manner which I thought perhaps required a
word from me in reply or explanation. A tele-
graphic dispatch, of the exact purport of that to
which the Senator alludes as naving been pub-
lished in the Intelligencer and in the Globe—I
have not seen the Globe, but I understand it was
in that paper—was sent to me several days a^o.
I read it, and laid it on my table in my library.
The day afterwards several gentlemen called upon
me, and asked if I had received any information
from Indiana, and I read the dispatch to them.
Two of them asked me if I was willing that they
should take copies of it. I said, certainly; and
they copied it on my table. It was not confiden-
tial. On the other hand, I had no desire to have
it published. I had had it one ortw."- days lying
open on my table, so that any one could see it.
It is probable, though I have not the means of
knowing, that the dispatch got into those papers
from the one sent to me; but it is possible that a
similar one was sent to those papers. On that
point I have no information. With regard to the
intimation that the dispatch conveyed a false or
erroneous impression, I do not think it is well
founded. That dispatch, as I recollect it—I give
it word for word as nearly as I can—was dated
at Indianapolis, and was signed by three gentle-
men. It stated that the convention indorsed the
Cincinnati platform, and sustained the Adminis-
tration. It also stated that the convention had
adopted the following resolution:
<( Resolved, That we are still in favor of the great doctrine
of the Kansas-Nebraska act, and that by a practical appli-
cation of that doctnne, the people of a State or Temtory
aie vested with the right of ratifying or rejecting at the bal-
lot-box any constitution that may be framed for their gov-
ernment ; and, therefore, no Territory should be admitted
into the Union as a State, without a fair expression of the
will of the people being first had upon the constitution ac-
companying the application for admission."
It seems that the telegraph substituted the word
" therefore," for "hereafter," and that is the
only variation in the dispatch. But is it true that
that dispatch conveyed the idea that the Admin-
istration had been condemned, when it stated in
so many words, " Cincinnati Platform indorsed;
Administration sustained; and also the following
resolution adopted?" That was the dispatch.
There was no possibility of any misconstruction.
Whether the " following resolution " was any
reflection on the Administration,every one could
judge for himself, but certainly the dispatch did
not say so. The onljr question is, whether the
telegrapher m mistaking the word "hereafter"
for the word ii therefore," has changed its sense
at all. The resolution, as passed by the conven-
tion, is:
"That we are still in favor of the great doctrine of the
Kansas-Nebraska act, and that, by a practical application
of that doctrine, the people of a State or Territory are vested
with the right of ratifying or rejecting at the builot-box any
constitution that maybe framed for their government; and
that, hereafter, no Territory should be admitted into the
Union as a State without a fair expression of the will of the
people being first had upon the constitution accompanying
the application for admission."
