1858.]
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Admission of Kansas—Mr, Marshall.
319
IIo. of Reps.
duct of the members of this House will be looked
to hereafter, and as the Representatives from one
section of the Confederacy are charging that those
who oppose the admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution, are doing it on sectional
grounds, and for sectional motives, and that oar
conduct is governed by anti-slavery sentiments, I
wish to place myself right on the record before
the House and before the country.
Before coming, however, to any question which
legitimately bears on the subject now before the
committee, I wish to allude to one or two points,
rather incidental than directly, bearing on the
questions that have been brought up m the course
of this debate.
And, first, I will notice very briefly the fact that
it has been, time and again, insinuated by gentle-
men coming from one section or another of this
Confederation that the opposition, and the solo
opposition, to the admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution arises from the pressure
of anti-slavery sentiments. Now, sir, if gentle-
men who make this charge know it to be false,
their conduct in making it is scandalously unjust
to those who have been, during their whole life-
time, warring against the greatest obstacles in
favor of the constitutional rights of the South; and
if they do not know it to be false, theii ignorance
is inexcusable.
1 know, Mr. Chairman, that a large portion of
those who are opposing the admission of Kansas
under this Lecompton constitution are opposed
to the admission of any more slave States, and
consequently are not willing, as a general rule, to
let the people intel ested settle this question of
slavery for themselves. This is the position, as
I understand it, of most of the members of the
Republican party. It is well known here and
elsewhere that I dissent from this view entirely.
1 am for the perfect equality of the people of ail
sections, whether they are m the States or Ter-
ritories.
I think this doctrine of congressional prohibi-
tion is sectional, unjust, and dangerous in its ten-
dency, and tluit if ever a party takes possession
of all the branches of this Government acting on
that basis, and attempts to carry out that princi-
ple, it will lead inevitably to a dissolution of the
Union, and a breaking up of this great Confed-
eracy. That is my view about it. Rut it by no
means follows, as i.° charged by those who arc in
favor of the admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution, that those of us who are
opposed to that measure are influenced by any
intention or desire to exclude a bona fide slave
State. I am opposing it because 1 will not sanc-
tion what 1 believe to be a gross outrage upon the
very principles on which the Amencan Revolu-
tion was fought; because T will not sanction frauds
which I believe are as deep and black as ever woie
perpetrated in this or any other country, and be-
cause I believe that I would be sanctioning, if I
were to vote for it, the miserable spawn winch has
come from the machination** of the Lecompton
conspirators, for I look upon the authors of that
constitution as nothing else but conspirators
neainst the liberties of those whose will they
ought to have regarded.
Mr. Chairman, that the Lecompton constitu-
tion tolerates slavery is not only not my main ob-
jection to it, but it constitutes no part of my ob-
jection. I state here before the House and the
country, that so far as I am concerned, I hold that
the people of ICansas have the same right to adopt
a pro-slavery constitution, if they are m favor of
it, as they have to adopt a free-State constitution.
I have no light, in my opinion, and certainly I
have no disposition, as a member of this Con-
gress, to dictate or even attempt to influence the
action of the people of Kansas on this or any
other subject. Upon this question of the right
of 'he people of Kansas to adopt a pro-slavery
constitution, if they desire it, I have not a shadow
of a doubt. If I could influence their action one
way or the other i certainly should notdo so. I
have not a particle of feeling on the subject, one
way or another.
Upon some other occasion I might have thought
proper to go into this question at greater length,
but I will not do it at this tune, i propose hast-
ening through the few points which I intend to
present. I will remark, in justification of myself,
that I have made no preparation whatever for this
discussion. I have had my mind directed toother
subjects entirely, and the remarks which I shall
make will necessarily be very desultory. The
only proper doctrine in regard to this question of
slavery is that which I supposed had been adopted
and was thoroughly understood by the Demo-
cratic party of this country: the doctrine of non-
intervention which was embodied in the Kansas-
Nebraska bill and in the Cincinnati platform.
Upon that idea the contest and canvass for Pres-
ident was made which carried Mr. Buchanan into
the presidential chair. I think that at the time of
the canvass of 185G the doctrine of non-interven-
tion was understood by the American people and
by the Democratic party. But we aie again all
at sea. Since this Congress convened, for the
purpose of forcing through a favorite project of
j gentlemen here, we are every day hearing new
; ideas in regard to the doctrme of i intervention and
i non-intervention which were never dreamed of
| until now.
! Now, sir, what is the doctrine of non-interven-
I tionr It is plain and simple, and when you pre-
S sent it to the mind it can be distinctly compre-
hended and understood. There is no dilficulty
about it. It is simply this: that the Federal Gov-
ernment shall, in no manner whatever, attempt
to dictate or control the local laws or domestic
institutions of any State or Territory; that44 the
people thereof shall be left perfectly free" to de-
termine these matters for themselves; and if they
get into a squabble or quarrel among themselves,
as they have done in Kansas, that we shall keep
our hands off, and have nothing to do with them
until they peacefully and quietly, fairly and hon-
estly, settled the form of their government for
themselves. Congiess lias no power, in icgard
to the Territories, to legislate upon the subject of
slavery. Of this, at least, I have no doubt. It
is not withm the legitimate province of the Gen-
oral Government. Hut it does not follow that
Congress, or any member of Congress, is under
any obligation to vote for the admission of new
States, either with slavery or without slavery in
their constitutions, when there is any other proper
and legitimate objection to such admission; want
of population, want of presentation by the people
themselves for admission, want of fairness, or any
other honest and legitimate objection. Sir, if it
should appear to my satisfaction that the great
body of the population constituting the people of
the Territory were felons or outlaws or rebels—
as the President calls the people of Kansas—that
would be sufficient, m my judgment, not only to
lead me, but to force me, acting as the Represent-
ative of a free people, and looking to the interests
of this great country, to give my vote against the
admission of any such Slate oi any such people
into this Confedeiacy. If the people of Kansas
were felons or outlaws, or belonged to a degraded
race, surh as free negroes,who had conferred upon
themselves, by their own notion, the rights of cit-
izenship; a population which 1 d id not think wor-
thy to be placed on an equality with myself and
those I represent, in administering and taking part
in the affairs of the Government, I should not hes-
itate to oppose the admission of such a State into
this Confederacy.
Rut, sir, I will not dwell upon this. There is
another point to which I wish to call attention,
and that is to what I call the indecent attempt to
ostracize, whip m, or read out of the party Dem-
ocrats whose consciences and judgments will not
sanction these frauds. I do not intend to dwell
upon this, although it is a subject worthy of the
gravest consideration.
There has been an attempt to brand, as rebels
and as tiaitois—notwithstanding what might be
the judgment of gentlemen, notwithstanding what
their consciences and their constituents might dic-
tate—those who will not bow down to power and
hck the hand that attempts to iash them into the
traces. For myself, T will say, thnt I have as
strong an attachment for the Democratic party
and the Democratic Executive as any man upon
this floor or in the country, but I am not a spaniel
to be whipped into the service of any man or set
of men. I will think and act as the Repiesenta-
tive of a great and free people whoow1 nothing to
Presidents or Cabinets. In acting with the Dem-
ocratic paily I do so from my conviction of right
and duty, and from no other motive whatever. I
will permit no man on earth to think for me, or
dictate my course of action. I have the honor of
representing the strongest Democratic district in
this Union; a district which, with the sectional
issue presented in the last presidential contest, in-
creased its Democratic majority more than any
other in the country, which swelled the majority
for Mr. Buchanan ten thousand over any former
vote.
Mr. HUGHES. Will the gentleman permit
me ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I will yield to
the gentleman with pleasure, if he will ask a di-
rect question, and waive his usual preamble.
Mr. 1IUG1IES. I will try to ask a question
without a preamble. It is this: who is it that has
attempted to establish this test, and to read men
out of the party ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. That is a very
direct question for the gentleman. It is done no-
toriously by the present Administration. It is done
by the organ of the Administration m this city.
It is done by the Administration throughout the
country; and it is well known that the tenure of
office depends upon whether the incumbent will
bow down his conscience and his judgment to this
Lccompton schemc.
Mr. HUGIIES. Mas the gentleman been ex-
cluded from a Democratic caucus of the whole
Democratic party because of his opinion on this
question ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Not at all; I
do not pretend that there has been any direct ac-
tion, because it so happens that a congressional
caucus has no such power conferred upon it, either
by the people, the Constitution, or even the Cin-
cinnati platfuim.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Does the gentleman from
Illinois know how soon he may be excluded from
a Democratic caucus after to-morrow ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois I do not know,
and I do not care. The matter does not disturb
my equanimity for a moment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Nor mine either.
Mi. MARSHALL, of Illinois, I know that a
congressional caucus has no such power. This
is a matter of fidelity to the party, to be settied
by the conventions of the party in the State.*, and
by the national convention. For myself, i think
a man is a good Democrat who always votes the
Democratic ticket without scratching, and man-
fully battles for the principles of his party, the
rights of the people, and the Constitution of hid
country.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I think if i!m
gentleman refers to the proceedings of last even-
ing, that he will see that this conclusion is not
fairly deducible from those proceedings.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I do not refer
to that; but is it not known to gentlemen on this
ilooi that a paper in this city, recognized as the
organ of this Administration, has forgotten the
Know Nothing party, the Abolition party, and
Black Republican party, and has gone down into
the sewers of filth and defamation for the purpose
of fishing up epithets to hurl at Democrats upon
this lloor, denouncing them as traitors and rebels,
with other similar choice epithets.
Mi. HUGHES. One more question without
a preamble.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Yes, sir; if it
is without a preamble. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. Before any party tests were
established, did not the gentleman from Illinois
meet in caucus repeatedly with gentlemen who
were opposed to the Lecompton constitution ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. The gentleman
has been propounding that question a gieat many
times, and 1 do not know whether he has got a
satisfactory answer or not; but permit me to say
that those who are in favor of the admission of
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution, I do
not care what they call themselves, whether Dem-
ocrats or Know Nothings, have the right to adopt
whatever means, after consultation, they may
deem proper, which may harmonize them and
best subserve the end they have m view. But
that is not establishing a party test. Those who
are opposed to it, and think it is fraudulent, who
think it is a violation of the principles of our Gov-
ernment, if they really want to defeat it, may get
