272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18.
That resolution declares that the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill required that the people should have
an opportunity of voting for or against their con- ;
stitution before it was admitted. That resolution I
declares that, by the Nebraska act, the right to ■
vote for or against was a vested right. Does it \
propose, then, to take from the people of Kansas j
a right vested by the organic act; a right guaran- i
tied by the Cincinnati platform; a right indorsed j
and reaffirmed by the President's inaugural ad- j
dress? No, sir; they declare that the right to :
vote for or against the constitution being vested I
by the Kansas-Nebraska act, hereafter no Terri- ^
tory should be admitted as a State unless that fair
expression has been had and shall accompany the 1
application for admission. I
The people of Kansas have not yet applied for !
admission. They have not yet sent up their con- j
stitution, though it is probable that during the |
present session they will send it here. It is i
probable that "hereafter," to wit: during this;
session, they will send up that constitution; and
the Indiana convention say that that constitution ;
should riot be accepted unless it be accompanied j
with evidence that it was adopted by the people i
on a fair vote, when they had a right to vote for
or against that constitution.
Sir, take that resolution as it is; and if I under-
stand it aright, it is a clear and unequivocal ex-
pression of opinion that when Kansas shall come
with a constitution, if there is not the evidence
that it has been submitted to the people at the !
ballot-box for ratification or rejection, it should j
not be admitted into the Union. "Hereafter"1
implies that the application is to be made <s here- (
after," in contradistinction to the eases cited in j
debate where, heretofore, when there was no op- ;
position, we have admitted States without their j
constitution being first submitted to the people; !
for instance, the Florida case, and perhaps one or '
two others; but u hereafter" H is not to be done. I
" Hereafter" applies to the applications to be '
made hereafter; and to show that it meant Kan- ;
sas, it says that the right to have it thus submit- j
ted for rejection or ratification was guarantied in |
the Kansas-Nebraska act; thai it is a vested right i
under that bill; and consequently you cannot take
itaway from them in this case. Wa.s it the mean-
ing of that convention that yon should take from
the people of Kansas, m regard to the application
which they are about to make, a vested light—a
right not only vested by (he Kansas-Nebraska
act, but indorsed by the Cincinnati platform, and
reaffirmed in the President's inaugural? No, sir.
It is clearly stated there, that heieatter that thing
must not be done. They stand hy the President.
They approve of his course as they understand
it. 1 have shown you in my speeches that. 1 ap-
prove of the President's course on this question
as I understand it; but I did not understand him
as recommending the Lecompton constitution.
This is all I have to say. 1 should not have
said thus much but for my name being h)ought
into the matter. \ have never mterfeied, directly
or indirectly, with Indiana polities, and I do not
intend to mtei fere with them. I u as surprised to
find that my name was mentioned in the discus-
sions or the lotteis thai have been written. I h«i\e
no desire at all to influence, directly or indirect iy,
the proceedings of their convention. Whether
the Senator from Indiana has construed their res-
olutions rightly or not, whethei his actum will be
conformable to theirwisln sornot, isa matter into
which I have no right to inquire, and do not desire
to comment upon. It will be between him and
his constituents; and whatever they shall say
about it I shall take for gianted is right. In other
words, £ propose to let linn alone in his Stale, and
propose that everybody shall let me alone in the
State that I have the honor to lepresent,
Mr. HALE. I was going to trespass in the
same way as has already been done, to interpose
a personal explanation m rcfeienco to this mat-
ter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Piaos.)
The Chair will repent, that there is no question
now pending before the Senate. Docs the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire rise to a personal ex-
planation?
Mr. HALE. I caunotexactly call it personal,
but it is personal as much as the explanations
tliat have been made are. [Laughter.] I wanted
j [Laughter.] It comes as near personal as the
others.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire can only proceed by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. FITCH. If the Senator will allow me to
complete the explanation in regard to Indiana, I
will not object. I give warning that I will not go
off into a discussion of Kansas matters.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If any Senator
objects to this discussion, it must close.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to say a word or two in
addition to what I said before.
Mr. HALE. I will sii down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senatoi
from Indiana desires to make a personal expla-
nation. There is no question now pending before
the Senate.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to continue the expla-
nation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no objection, I
think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Senator from Indiana will proceed.
The Chair hears none.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator speaks of some dis
patch other than the resolution. Tne dispatch to
which I referred was the resolution itself—noth-
ing else. The Senator says he received it, and
from his library the copies of it went out. From
thence, then, probably, went the construction of
it to which I have alluded as an improper one. I
dislike to have those whom I represent misrepre-
sented here, either by myself or any one else.
The Senator from Illinois places his own construc-
tion on the resolution, it is his right to do so
I do not object to that; but I greatly picfer that
the explanation of my constituents, the Demo-
crats of Indiana, should be the one received, and
not that his should go abroad again as it has done
from the Senate heretofore through the press and
letter-writers. He places his own construction
on the resolution; they put theirs. I think the
actors in the scene are far better entitled to have
weight given to their testimony than the Senator
himself, who is an ouisider and directly interested
in putting such construction on it as will sustain
him. If any construetion of the resolution has
been given, as it ha1-", which would make it con-
demn myeelfand colleague, I think, notwithstand-
ing what was said by the Senator from Georgia,
that it is a proper subject for personal explanation;
for I do not believe that Senator or any other
would desire to sit here misrepresenting his con-
stituents, as would be the case if [ were here sub-
sequent to the adoption of a resolution by my
pai ty friends at honi" condemning my course and
lauding that of another gentleman who was op-
posed to that course. If it was the design of the
convention to sustain and indorse that gentleman
(the >S"uator from Illinois) riinunst the Piesident
and the Senators fiom Indiana, why did it not
adopt the resolution as first introduced 5 in that
shape it would have sustained him; but they
amended it m such a manner as to make it sus-
tain the Adninustraiion and not him. The res-
olution as adopted was materially different from
the one lirst intiodueej. Aw adopted it is a gen-
eral deehaauon of an abstract principle, to which
the entire D. mocratie pai'y was committed, a
principle which I have defended with its kindred
one of non-intervention for years, and I have ad-
mned the courage and talent with winch the Sen-
ator from llbiioishiniself defended them. It was
a declaration of ptmciple to which no good Dem-
ocrat would take exception, a ueclaiation affirmed
by the President m his tncavge, and it was in
part because ho had affirmed if that the conven-
tion sui-tanh d and inuoised him. No exception
can be taken to the resolution. It is right, and
liifhtly adopted. Ii is only t!w use to which it is
sought to be applied heie that I except, a use not
warrant- d by its language.
! I have no disposition to go off into Kansas mat-
j tors, or into any ibscusMon or quibblingas to the
; meaning of the Kansas- Nebraska bill, or anything
| of that kind. All that will be the subject of dis-
; cussioii when Kansas matters propeily come be-
j fore us. The Senator, however, makes a dis-
i Unction which does not m fact exist; he says the
i woid "hereafter, in the resolution, applies to
1 the present Kansas matter. You know, sir, and
to explain the proceedings of the New Hamp- < the whole world knows, that we are now deemed
shire Democracy on the Lecompton constitution. < to be acting on the Kansas question; that is con-
sidered as before us, and therefore the word '{ here-
after" does not apply to it. It is now here under
discussion. If the constitution is not here, cer-
tainly the message and documents on the subject
are. The word " hereafter" in the resolution, like
the President's language in his message, refers to
any " future "case. The present case—Kansas—
has difficulties and complications surrounding it
which may well create diveisity of sentiment as
to the proper method of managing it.
I was veiy glad to hear the Senator from Illi-
nois disclaim any intention, past or future, to in-
terfere with Indiana politics; for I am sorry to
say, if such has not been his intention, that he has
been sadly misiepresented by his friends. Two
of his friends from the city of his residence were,
I am well informed, in and about the Indianapolis
convention of the 8th, reeking to control its ac-
tion, and professing to represent his interest.
They were charged, or at least one of them, I un-
derstand, with being there, and having been sent
there for that purpose; and the one thus charged
had not the hardihood to deny it. They were
not carrying out the doctrine of non-intervention.
I am glad he repudiates their agency and their
a-its. I know that lie has thousands of friends
in Indiana; and. ho has had no better friend in that
State than myself. I have advocated his policy
with pleasure through more than one canvass,
and I would do it again with all the more pleasure
if that Senator should be our political standard
bearer, entertaining now the views of non-inter-
vention which he has entertained in the past.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Piesident, I do not wish to
interfere in this matter at all, but I think there is
something due to the truth of history. I under-
stand that I am speaking at the mercy of every-
body here, and anybody can stop mi ; but I say
that when you come to consider the resolutions
of the Democracy of Indiana, and some otheis
which preceded them, they should be tenderly
treated; because vou have been pushing the De-
mocracy of the North very hard—very hard in-
deed. You have pushed them so hard that there
is no place where they can live in the New Eng-
land States except the custom-houses and post
otrices. Those aie the only places they have left
in which to live. I have no doubt they begin to
feel this pressure in Indiana, though they havo
stood up pretty manfully there, and i havo equally
as little doubt they have been very badly gore'd
in Illmois;hence when you come to speak of their
resolutions, they should be treated with a tender
consideration of all these premises.
1 saidthat I would notmierfeic in this quarrel,
and I have not a word to say about the Indiana
lesolutions, except that they are not original.
They aie a phic iai ism. I have sent foi, but I ha\e
not been aMe to obtain, a paper containing the
original. The original war-adopted at a meeting
of the Democratic Stat" central coaimittee of New
Hampshire, held about a foi tnight ago. We have
an ('lection to come off there in about two months;
and m th.it State U is a haid time generally, and
especially with the Democracy, in view of what
is coming, as well as what is. They met in Con-
cord before the Indianaconveiition met, and took
the matter into consideration, and they labored
U|ioii it. It was not a mass convention, but some
twenty of the sachems met, and ih< v c.pheied out
a scheme, a theory, a plan, winch the Indiana
folks have, adopted; but I think u would have been
betier if they had wailed to see how it succeeded
in New Hampshire before they to-dc it.
I will tell you what the N- w Hampshire plan
was. Tiiey resolu-d that they were in favor of
the Cincinnati platform and the Kansas-Nebraska
act, and very much opposed to the Lecompton con-
stitution. Well, sir, that was all well enough;
but, coil side ring the local j ties—the custom-houses
and post onice*—what was to be done with Mr.
Buchanan That was the hard part of the case,
and 1 will rell you how they got over it. They
resolved that they were very much opposed to
Mr. Buchanan's measures but very much in favor
of him. [Laughter.] They wereentireiy opposed
to this measure of pushing a constitution on a
people against their consent, but exceedingly in
favor of the man who is doing it. [Laughter.]
That is the idatform on which they ate going into
the campaign on the eccond Tuesday of AJarch.
If the Indiana folks were not in a hurry—I do not
wish gentlemen to push back Timeo Danaos on
me—it would have been bettei had they waited
