820
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Marshall.
[March 31
Ho. of Reps.
together and agree upon- such a course as will se
cure their object. For myself, I have never gone
into caucus or consultation with anybody exccpt
Democrats, in regard to this or any other politi-
cal question.
Mr. HUGHES. T want to say this: If I can
fetthe floor after the gentleman has concluded
is speech, I will give my views on this subject.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I have no ob-
jection to that, and 1 have no doubt that the gen-
tleman will throw much additional light on the
subject.
I will resume my remarks: Who are the men
against whom this crusade is made? Who are
the men that are denounced as Free-Soilers, as
Abolitionists, as traitors, and rebels? Of what
material are they made? It so happens that the
anti-Lecompton Democrats who oppose this odi-
ous measure (I speak of the measure, and not of
those who support it) have to a man got a clean
Democratic record. You will find none of your
broken-down Free-Soilers among us. It is not
in the ranks of the anti-Lecompton Democrats,
but in your own that you will find your authors
and advocates of the Buffalo platform. Your
Hon. John Cooiiranes, (now, by the grace of God
and special favor of Lecomptnnites, chairman of
the " Democratic caucus" that is to establish the
test of orthodoxy,) your Van Burens, and your
Dixes, and your James Gordon Bennetts, and
men of thateharacter. There is not a man among
us, who, from his first vote down to the present
time, has not a clear Democratic record, without
spot or blemish, and beyond all suspicion. I in-
vite any gentleman who may desire it to enter
into the investigation.
Mr. HUGHES. I will do that.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I would like
to take up the record of my 1'nend, and a few other
of such immaculate Democrats, but I cannot do
it to night. 1 cannot confer that favor upon them.
But, sir, it affords me no pleasure to pursue this
line of remark. I would much rather avoid all
crimination of every kind, and see our Democratic
friends all move on harmoniously together. But
one thing is worthy of remark. It so happens
that those gentlemen who are so rampant to read
us out of the Democratic party are mostly men
who have, until very recently, warred against
Democracy their whole lives.
It is a good illustration of the old doctrine that
new converts are always more zealous tlmn old
members of the church, [laughter;] they take a
far greater interest in the church than those who
have been in it all their lives. I repeat—what you
all know to be the fact—that a great poition of
these very men, who are now so eager to read
out of the Democratic party men who have been
in it all their lives, are men who have gone down
with other parties, and who have jumped upon
the Democratic platform to keep from going to the
bottom. I make these remarks in no spirit of
crimination. I have no lectures to read these gen-
tlemen for their past sins and transgressions. I
was one of those, sir, who received gladly and
welcomed cordially the returning prodigals into
the bosom of the Democratic paity. But I would
advise a little more modesty in their deportment
for the future. Let their conduct not lead us to
suvpect that they entered the party only to dis-
tract and divide. Let us not be forced to the con-
clusion that, Judas like, they kissed only that
they might more easily betray.
Mr. Chairman, while on this subject of party
fidelity, there is.one other matter to wh ich i suppose
Iliad as well allude here. Ins, I know, not a matter
of much importance, and certainly not a thing
which disturbs my equanimity a particle; but it
has become a subjcct of remark, and probably de-
serves some notice. I refer to it the more readily
because I know that my sincere regard for my
southern friends will not be questioned. There
is in the South a certain class of politicians—far
from constituting a majority, I am happy to say—
who arrogate to themselves a superior wisdom,
plume themselves upon theirsupenor Democracy,
and claim the right, as if they had a patent from
God Almighty for the purpose, to declare what is
and what is not Democracy. These men, often as
destitute of brains as of modesty, assert by their
deportment, and sometimes by their language, a
superiority for southern gentlemen and southern
Democrats over those who happen to hail from
northern States.
Now, sir, for one, I am tired of these peacock
gosterings and baseless assumptions. I wish to
make no comparisons; I wish to impeach no man's
motives or fidelity to his party. But truth and
justice to myself and those with whom I act re-
quire that I should say, that in all the issues on
the slavery question which the Democratic party
have made for the maintenance of the constitu-
tional rights of the South, you gentlemen from
that section deserve no particular credit for the
position you have assumed; you are floating with
the current of popular opinion in your own sec-
tion; you are fighting for your own interests, for
your altars and your firesides, your 41 domestic
institutions;" you dare not take any other posi-
tion; you could not do so and stand before your
constituents for a moment.
But how is it with northern Democrats? A
more unselfish, devoted, self-sacnficmg band of
men have never existed in any political organi-
zation. In the face of the natural anti-slavery
sentiments of ourown section—in the facc of the
Abolition and Free-Soil waves, mountain high,
which threatened to ingulf us, and which were
too often raised and strengthened by the rashness
and folly of southern men—we have, year by year,
breasted this Free-Soil deluge, and beaten back its
fierce waves. We have battled for your rights,
not because they were yours, but because we in-
tend always to defend the right, without regard
to section, and regardless of consequences. We
have done this without a murmur, unaided and
alone; for we have been more often crippled by
the rashness and assumptions of southern men
than strengthened by any aid from them. We
have freely, without hesitation, united with you
in these issues, by which our ranks have been
thinned and broken, and thousands of our bravest
captains overwhelmed and driven from the field.
We have, without a murmur, united with you in \
these issues, by which you have been strength-
ened, until you have been able to breakdown all
opposition, and come up here a united and un-
broken column. And now, foigettmg the means
by which you have been strengthened and we
weakened, too many of you have become arro-
gant and dictatorial, and claim for yourselves all
the credit of the victory, and the right to set up
new and unheard-of tests of Democracy.
If ever a people deserved commendation for a
faithful, unflinching adherence to right and duty,
the northern Democracy deserve that commend-
ation. If any people are entitled to gratitude for
an unselfish and perilous defense of the rights of
others, the northern Democracy ought to have been
met with that gratitude. But what are the facts?
When the great sectional battle had been fought
and won; when the Opposition were, by thou-
sands, abandoning their sectional platform of con-
gressional prohibition; we come up here, and, in-
stead of gratitude, friendship, or even common
courtesy, we are met with contumely, denuncia-
tion, proscription, insult, and injustice. We are
denounced as traitors, rebels, and renegades, be-
cause we have determined at all hazaids to defend
the rights ofthe white man to govern himself,and
to resist to the last every attempt to subjugate
him by fraud or violence. We are proscribed be-
cause we will not basely bow the knee to power,
or yield to the seductive influences of executive
, 'patronage.
\ Sir, I have been taught that Democracy is a
' glorious principle,emanatingfrom God and having
its home in the hearts of honest men. I have
■ been taught that it is based on the golden rule
i of doing unto otheis as we would that they should
1 do unto us; that it defends the equal rights of all
; men, and works injustice to none; that, " like
the dews of heaven, it dispenses its blessings to all
alike," and resists wrong, fraud,usurpation,and
oppression,from whateverquarterthey may come;
that popularnghts constitute its base and that its
apex points to the eternal piinciples of truth and
justice. This, sir, is what is understood by De-
mocracy in the humble school where I was edu-
cated, and among that gallant people whom I am
proud to representhere. As the representative of j
that principle, that people gave a cordial and al-
most unanimous vote to Mr. Buchanan for Pros
ident.
But now, as if to add insult to injury, you have
dragged into my presence a hybrid monster, con-
ceived in sin and brought forth in iniquity; the
miserable offspring of conspiracy and crime, cov-
ered with fraud and bearing with it the marks of
infamy; a bastard bantling, disowned, repudiated,
loathed, and despised by the people whose child
it claims to be; you have dragged into my pres-
ence this fetid monster, offensive to my eyes and
my nostrils, labeled it "Lecompton constitu-
tion," christened it by the name of Democracy,
and ask me to bow down and worship it as my
idol. I tell you I will not do it. With my convic-
tions it would be dishonorable in me to do so.
You may denounce and prosciibe, pile epithet
upon epithet, and hurl your anathemas until you
are sick with your own folly, and it will all pass
by me as the idle winds which I heed not. Thereis
no power on earth that could induce rat to sanction
this wrong.
And now, let me say to my southern friends,
you have carried this thing far enough. You are
asking us to take a position upon which we could
not and ought not to stand. Before you further
heap epithets and denunciation upon us, it would
be well for you to pause and study the history of
the Democratic party. The sacrifices have been
altogether on our side, and not yours. We have
never been strengthened one particle by any act
of yours. I wish to know what concession you
have ever made in our party organization for the
purpose of strengthening our hands? What do
we owe you ? When have we been strengthened
in our course upon this floor, or before our con-
stituents, by any concession you have made?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will permit me to ask him a question, I desire to
know if the southern Democracy have ever asked
northern men or any other men to concede any-
thing but their constitutional rights? If we have
ever gone beyond the Constitution, we ask you
not to concede it. All we ask of you is the Con-
stitution of the country and Democratic princi-
ples.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I am not aware
that you have asked more until now. I have said
before my constituents, and before the country, in
public addresses, that my conviction is that as far
as the legislation of the country up to this time is
concerned, the South has asked nothing which i*?
not her right under the Constitution of the United
States. But I am sure, if you call this Leeomptou
constitution a southern measure, you are asking
that which is an insult to the people both of the
North and South, as I honestly believe it ought
to be consideied.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to say a word right
here in justice to the gentleman from Illinois.
The gentleman has made an insinuation here, in
reference to my record.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Oh, I cannot
yield the floor further. I do not intend to go into
that.
Mr HUGHES. I just wish to say that I chal-
lenge that gentleman, or any other gentleman, to
assail that recoul.
Mr. MARSHALL, oflllinois. My friend must
excuse me. I do not intend to go into small mat-
ters this MV^nin^. [Laughter,]
Mr. 1 tUGIIES. 1 do; for 1 expect to answer
you. [Laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. The gentle-
man had better discuss humelj, as he seems anx-
ious to make himself conspicuous by attempting
to magnify very small things. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. If I desired to make myself
conspicuous, I should seek to array myselfagamst
some man of more standing than the gentleman
from Illinois. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. This is not
the first time I have seen small things trying to
magnify their own importance. It is not the first
time I have heard of flies buzzing around and tiy-
ing to attract the attention of objects much larger
than themselves. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. Buzzing around very dirty
places. [Excessive laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL, oflllinois. The very kind
of places in which I should expect to find the gen-
tleman from Indiana. [Continued laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. It is just the place 1 find my-
self, when I follow after you.
