THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1858.
New Series.i,.No. 18.
until the second Tuesday in March, and seen the
result of the plan of indorsing a man and repudi-
ating his measures. They are very much opposed
to forcing a constitution on a people, and very
much in favor of the man who is doing it! My
own impression is that the Democracy of New
Hampshire will get one credit by it, and only one.
do not think they will get success, but they will
;etthe credit of originality, and I think Indiana
lias done them injustice in that particular.
Mr. FITCH. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire read the other resolutions adopted in
Indiana, and see if they were copied from New
Hampshire?
Mr. HALE. I do not think they were.
Mr. FITCH. They emphatically indorse the
Administration and its measures too.
Mr. HALE. They have not been pushed so
hard there as in New Hampshire. [Laughter.]
They can afford to be a little bolder there than
they can with us. All they have done with us is
to repudiate the measure and praise the man.
- Having made this explanation, I thank ail the
Senators, collectively and individually—because
anybody could have stopped me—for the oppor-
tunity to interpose this explanation; and having
said this, I give notice that 1 am going to object
to anybody else putting in. [Laughter.]
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 13, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Andrew Gr. Carothers.
The Journal of yeste rday was read and appro ved.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to suspend
the rules, and that the House resolve itself into
' the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
■Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of
the president's annual message.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Thayer] to the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. M.«-
nard,] moving the reference of a certain portion
of the message to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs; and that the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Curtis] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CURTIS. In the remarks which I made
last evening, Mr. Chairman, I undertook to show
that it has been the policy of this Government,
from its earliest history, to endeavor, in various
ways and in different sections of the Union, to
restrain its citizens lest they should involve us in
difficulty and war with other nations of the earth.
I appeal to you, sir, and to the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,] whether, in every
instance where this Government has exercised
this power, it did not appear necessary and proper,
and did not restrain our citizens within due limits
without imposing upon them improper restraints;
and whether it did not, at the same time, secure
to this country its peace and honor among the
nations of the earth ? Why, sir, what would have
become of our relations at the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river, if it had not been for the check
given to Buir and his expedition r We would
have been involved in war with Spain, so as to
have precluded the possibility of a treaty which
soon after secured us that country, which would
probably have still belonged to Spain. Instead
of having representatives here from the State of
Louisiana and the State I have the honor m part to
represent, that vast territory west of the " Father
of Waters" might still have been retained and
represented by the hidalgos of Old Spain.
In the instance referred to as the interposition
by .President Monroe, to prevent incursions into
Florida, and the usurpation of power by a law-
18
l§ss foreign invader of Spanish domain, that also
saved to us a change of government which, in
all probability, would have long postponed, or
perhaps entirely defeated, the treaty which se-
cured to us the two Floridas. And such was the
encroachment upon the territory of the gentle-
man from Georgia that, had it not been for the
interposition of the Government, that State might
have fallen under the control of the Spanish or the
revolutionary authorities, and there would have
been no Representatives in this Hall from that
State. It has been by the restraint which the
neutrality laws have put upon our citizens, that
our country has been sustained in its position
among the nations of the eaith,and that our citi-
zens have been prevented from lawless assaults
upon neighboring nations, with whom our coun-
try has maintained relations of friendship and
peace. Is thereany cause now? do recent events—
does the history of our country for the last few
years, impose new necessities for the repeal of
these neutrality laws> I argue that there are none
in (he past history of the country; and if gentle-
men will contemplate the policy of our Govern-
ment during the last four or five years, they will sec
howunfortunateitis that these laws have notbeen
executed against various repeated disturbances of
neighboring Republics. So far from recentevents
presenting an argument for repealing these laws,
the misfortune is that, either in their form, or be-
cause of negligence on the part of the late Admin-
istration, these laws have not saved our neighbors
from devastation, and our national honor from
unfortunate reproach.
Mr. Chairman, the expedition of this man,
Walker, which has given occasion to the present
debate, is the strongest possible evidence of the
necessity of a vigilant execution of the neutrality
laws, and their maintenance, or enlargement of
their power to restrain wrong. If these laws had
been better executed—if the Administration had
not, to some extent, permuted these expeditions
to have gone on, we would now have no occasion
to discuss this matter in this Hall. There would
then have been no controversy as to the relative
merits of this General Walker and one of the com-
manders of our Navy, who took and sent him
home as a criminal escaped from the justice due
him; and the question would not be before us as
to which of them was the better man—he who led
the expedition, or the man who checked and con-
cluded it.
Why, sir, is this country induced to take up
this question of Central American affairs? Why
has our attention for years past been called to that
particular theater instead of the eyes of the nation
being turned to the development of the interior of
our own country. I think there is a fundamental
error in the assumption upon which all this Central
American sympathy is based: that is, that Central
America is the especial < r only route for the high-
way of nations; andljeing such a peculiar locality,
it should be controlled by us. Where is Central
America? You who live upon the sea-board, and
are in the habit of contemplating distances as im-
material when you have connections by sea—you
may regard the distance of trifling importance;
and because your vessels often float that way, you
feel that the distance to Central America is com-
paratively short; but we who live in the central
portion of this Union look at the long line of tiavel
before that territory can be reached. We have to
pass all the Mexican States; we have to pass a
thousand miles through or round a Republic that
is always a political antagonism to our own; we
have to pass a dominion where the inhabitants
speak a different language, adopt a different re-
ligion, and different institutions. Eight millions
of Mexican inhabitants lay between this country
and Central America. Central America is, there-
fore, not contiguous; is very remote; and there are
intervening all the States of Mexico, all of which
arc political antagonisms to us. Why, then, do
gentlemen turn their eyes so far away from our
own country to seek for an opportunity to display
our patronage and power? Why do they go be-
yond the Rio Grande for the purpose of exercising
the functions of this great Republic? Why'are
our citizens stimulated, by frequent reference jtp
these Central American States, to go to seek for
themselves fortunes and fame far beyond theiy
own country ? It is because of this fundamental
error which exists in this country in regard to
Central America being the route for commerce*
and, therefore, the key to this continent.
This, Mr. Chairman, brings me to the second
proposition in view of this particular point. What
is Central America ? It is an iron ligament con-
necting the twin sisters of North and South Amer*
ica. Instead of being a single point, as many im-
agine looking at the maps in circulation, it is a
long range of mountains more than one thousand
miles in length; having, therefore, on both sides,
at least two thousand miles of sea-shore, equally
accessible to all the nations of the earth. It iff5*
mountainous, and a wilderness inhabited only by
semi-savages, although people of all nations, for
years past, have had lull knowledge of its advant-
ages, and the utmost facilities to settle and be*
come permanent citizens. It is a sultry and sickly
region of the earth, and therefore shunned by
ail who are not compelled to remain there from
demands of most important business or public
duty. It was not inhabited by the Spaniards who
first conquered it; and, sir, it will not be inhab-
! ited by the people of this country as lone: as our
broad savannas, rich prairies, and fertile fields
of tln> West, are open to cultivation. In the face
of these physical and local objections to this nar-
row, inhospitable shore, this (government has been
directing its power and its patronage to the set-
tlement and control of these Central American
States, to the great neglect and the diversion of
settlement and travel from the interior of our own
country. The whole effort has been directed to
the accumulation of power, and, as the treaty
says, to the protection of the neutrality of these
Central American routes of commerce.
This affection for Central American channels
of trade, which requires to go by sea two thou-
sand miles before attempting to cross this conti-
nent, grows out of another error that water com-
munication is better than land. I know that this
idea has existed so long, that the great highway
of nations will always be by sea, wherever seas
can be found, and that land will be disdained for
the commerce of the world, that my voice is too
feeble to controvert or change its convictions on
the public mind. I will not attempt it. Even if
I desired to do so, I have not the time; nor would
it be considered germane to the subject before the
committee. But I will say that the time will
come when it will be easy to demonstrate to the
people of this country that the high way of nations
will be by land, and not by water, wherever land
of ordinary topographical features can be found
upon which iron rails can be laid and locomotives
execute their ordinary functions. If you were
going to New York, would you, sir, go by sea
or by land? Certainly, by land; for the voyage
round by sea is circuitous and much longer. So
it is from this point to San Francisco. The dis-
crepancy is greater between the water and land
route than it is between this point and New York.
Would you travel from this point to Charleston
by land or by sea? Unquestionably by land.
And when you travel by land, you will transport
by land; for mo£t of the value of commerce will;
find the traveled route the most economical roufe
for transportations. I tell you that the direct rpute
to the Pacific is westward, across this continent;
and it is npt true that the highway of nations is
by water, and by the isthmus of Central America.
These Central American States, as I have said,
are comparatively a wilderness, barren, mount-
ainous, sultry, and sickly, and those who have
been there look back upon the country with dread
or disdain. How many of our citizens have per-
ished there on their way to California and on
their return? Why, sir, they have gone down
to their watery graves, not m single file, but in.
great armies, and the route by sea and by land
has been strewed with the nation's victims that
have perished by the way. The isthmus through
