1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAVIS. If our system were one of direct
taxation, every one would see at once the justice
of the proposition; there could be no argument on
it. Our system, however, is one of indirect tax-
ation, by which we collect money from the con-
sumption of the country; and the difference there
is hardly material. If the importer paid the light
tax, he would merely lay that additional tax on
the price of the goods he imported, and the con-
sumer would pay it in that form, with interest on
the money thus paid. If you were rid of this
system of indirect taxation, where all your reye-
nue is collected from the consumer, and thrown
back on property and direct taxation, then I sup-
pose there would be no one who admits the equity
of the rule Which the Senator and myself both
recognize, who would not say that the lights
should be supported by taxes levied on those
who use them. That is one of the difficulties to
which I intended to call the attention of the Sen-
ator, rather than to elaborate the point, and one
of the very many difficulties which surround a
sudden change in this system.
The general principles which were announced
as the basis upon which the argument of the Sen-
ator from Georgia rests, are those which I have
always advocated, more feebly than himself, but
with the same zeal—the equitable distribution of
the burdens of the Government upon all the peo-
ple of the United States. I would go further, and
say that to levy them upon the property of the
United States would be, to me, more acceptable
than the present system. He has laid down no
General principle in which I do not concur. I
eartily go with him in a system of taxation on
those who derive the benefits of local improve-
ments. I think a system of taxation may be de-
vised, though it is not without difficulty, for the
improvement of rivers; but I think a system of
tonnage duties, such as is proposed, will be un-
equal and unjust, and I believe a violation of the
right to use the highways of the United States;
or it would evade that right irusuch a form as to
render it utterly useless. Ky
Mr. COLLAMER. I da*not propose to enter
at large into the subject of taxation; but having
heard the remark of the gentleman from Georgia,
and having heard somewhat similar ones hereto-
fore from the honorable Senator, and being in
some measure constrained to acknowledge much
of weight in them,I am notwilling to sit entirely
still, and give a merely silont vote, without sug-
gesting, at least, to that gentleman some difficul-
ties that are on my mind m relation to the views
he takes.
The problem of a just taxation is a difficult one
in any countiy at any period. It is one which
troubles statesmen always. There may be some
question, indeed, to determine if it were practi-
cable, what would be a true, genuine, jusf princi-
ple of taxation. I mustacknowledge that itseems
to me, if it were practicable, a true income tax is
the most just tax of any in the world. I say this,
though I perceive that in England they seem to be
dissatisfied with the income tax which they have
had. Take the case the gentleman mentions in
regard to the city of New York, where he thinks
there are only thirty thousand tax payers out of
nearly a million of people. If the tax is laid upon
the real estate of the city of New York, who pays
it? The Government must always, levy us tax,
and obtain its money from where the money is.
They cannot obtain the money from where it is
not. They lay hold of it where they find it. If
a tax is laid upon the real estate of the city of
New York, who pays it? Why, every man that
finds a shelter, I care not how poor he is, and
pays for a shelter for himself and family, pays it.
It .enters into the rents. It is paid by those who
occupy the real estate. In theory that is strictly
true. I grant the gentleman that, practically, if
you carry it out, there may be a leaking out of
some of it on the way; but, theoretically, it is true,
as his system of taxation is true generally. If
his theory of taxation is right, the carrying of it
out is equally right, though they both may be
practically imperfect. That is, those who occupy
must pay. If the tax were laid upon all the lands
in the United States, what would be the effect?
The produce of that land must sell for so much
more as will be necessary to meet it, and the con-
sumers of that produce pay it. So, take it as we
may, it comes to the same thing at last.
Now, in relation to this undertaking to lay ton-
nose dutiejr; I care not whether it be on foreign
torabage^r domestic and foreign tonnage included,
for ffepurpose of making harbor improvements.
Practically, it has been found—for it has been
tried for some time under that clause of the Con-
stitution—to be what the gentleman suggests; that
is, if you lay a duty on the tonnage of vessels en-
tering a particular port, the effect is to drive them
to a neighboring port. That has been found to
be the effect; and it has been practically aban-
doned long ago. No such thing exists now. * It
is an unpleasant business to carry into effect at
all in relation to the improvement of a locality.
The Senator from Georgia, in answering the
question put by the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, is constrained to admit that the amount
of the tonnage duty, if levied, would be an ele-
ment in the price of the article transported in the
vessel. That is to say, if all those who trade at
that port, and use that port, pay a tonnage duty on
; their vessels for the purpose of making improve-
ments in it, they will lay a greater price on the
freight, and it finally goes on the article to be paid
by the user of that article, let him live where he
may. Besides, money must be raised to make
these improvements, if they are to be made at all;
and it is probably better to spread the contribution
of that money over a larger space, to view the
commerce of the United States as a unit, for the
benefit of the whole United States, and if it needs
the improvement of a harbor there, .or a stream
there, or any other particular locality, it is for the
interest of this general concern. The ship-owner
of England, if you please, is interested m improv-
ing the harbor of Savannah; and the consumer,
user, and owner of the property which is to be
carried out and in there, to and from all parts ol
the United States, has an interest in that. It will
make, therefore, less disturbance, be more equal
upon the whole, to distribute this contribution
over the whole mass of commerce, than to under-
take to levy it upon a particular locality. For that
reason it has been found most desirable to take the
money from the general contribution, from the
Treasury, which is made of moneys levied upon
the whole importations of the country, and there
collected in one mass—to take it from there as
from a common stock, to make these local im-
provements, which are for the general benefit, for
the national interest, and none others should be
made. Nor do I see that this subject should at
all properly call forth the suggestion, whether it
would not be best to levy all our taxes by direct
taxation. That would not equalize this anymore
or any less.
Now, in relation to the light-house system, that
is precisely of the same character. The largest
use which is made of the light-house system is in
the coasting trade, by our own coasters, who have
more benefit from it than the foreign commerce;
and this coasting being for the keeping up of inter-
course and interchange of commodities, and sus-
taining the proper relations between the different
parts of the United States to render them a united
and common people, this expense had better be
contributed out of the common stock.
Mr. BENJAMIN I am sorry, sir, that the
time which we have to devote to this subject dues
not allow a little more extended discussion of it
than I think we are likely to have. It is a very
interesting one—evidently so by the uncommon
attention now paid to it by the Senate. We have
a silence and an attention in the Hall now rarely
exhibited. I cannot pretend, at this time, to go
at all into an examination of those very interest- ;
ing theories of political economy, and thephiios- j
ophy of taxation, which have been suggested by \
gentlemen, and to which I have listened with a !
great deal of pleasure. I desire, however, to say ]
one or two words in relation to a proposition dis-
cussed in committee, and which has been adverted 1
to by the Senator from Mississippi and the Sen- '
ator from Georgia. |
In relation to the improvement of the western j
rivers, I had a bill before the Committee on Com-
merce in which I felt a deep interest. I believed
that if there were any means by which we could
put the improvement of the western rivers under
a system of contract by which certain secrions.of*
the rivers should be kept fiee from accidental ob-
structions which now accumulate, such a system
would produce the result we have all long aimed
at, and would prove eminently efficient for the i
purposes of the Commerce of the interior of the I
country—the western States, When that propo-
sition was discussed in committee, the Senator
from Georgia renewed those objections to the im*
provement of rivers and harbors by the General
Government out of the common Treasury, which
he has so ably and earnestly enforced o*n the Sen-
ate ; and he suggested, at the same time, his view's
as to the expediency and practicability of raising
the necessary fund for the purpose, which he" ad-
mitted to be eminently useful, by some system of
tolls or tonnage on the western waters. . I was
instructed by the committee to examine the sub-
ject and frame a scheme, if I could, by which th£
necessary funds for that purpose might be raised
out of some such source. Notwithstanding my
firm conviction of the power of the General Gov-
ernment to devote such portion of the revenues as
it may deem proper to facilitate commerce in this
way, I was disposed to yiel.d to the suggestion in
the hope that, by mutual concession, we might
agree on some system by which this long dis-
puted question should at last be settled, f took
the papers to my house and studied the subject
carefully, and I was utterly unable to devise any
practical system. The considerations were so
numerous, the difficulties which presented them-
selves, under any possible theory, were so com-
plicated, that I abandoned it in dispair. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi has adverted to some of
them.
The proposition of the Senator from Georgia,
as a question of pure ethics, is undoubtedly cor-
rect. Where money is expended for the purpose
of a particular improvement of this character, the
cost of making that improvement, and the cost of
maintaining it with proper efficiency, ought to be
supported by those who benefit by it. To a cer-
tain extent, his proposition is not correct in my
judgment; and it is in this: he seems to consider
that only that commerce which is borne over these
waters is benefited by the particular improve-
ment; whereas, I think it has been successfully
demonstrated by the Senator from Vermont that
the benefits indirectly are reaped by many other
sections of the Union, and by all classes of con-
sumers throughout the country.
Now, sir, as to a system, observe the difficulty.
The Senator from Mississippi has correctly stated
that there are parts of the Mississippi river which
require no artificial improvement; there are others
which do require that improvement. The classes
of boats that run over that river are different,and
require different depths of water. Will you tax
the small boat, the stern-wheeler, which only
draws two or three feet, and which requires no
improvement, for improvements made with a
view to lender the navigation practicable for ves-
sels of a larger class? Will you establish some
scheme by which you shall divide the boats that
navigate the Mississippi into different classes, and
separate the navigation of different parts of the
river, and then proportion your tonnage duties
to the different classes of vessels, and to the por-
tions of the river over winch they make their
voyages? These things are almost impractica-
ble.
Again, in many parts of the river, for short dis-
tances, even where difficulties exist in the navi-
gation, there are packets that repeat their voyages
sometimes weekly, sometimes semi-weekly. Will
you put a tonnage duty on those packets for every
voyage, every time they go in and out of port?
If you do, you will absorb the entire value of the
vessel in a single season in the tonnage duty. If
you do not, you will find it absolutely impracti-
cable to make your rules and regulations such as
to do exact justice to all. Will you impose your
tonnage duty by the year or by the month ? There
again you meet the same difficulties and the same
class of difficulties. Some vessels pass through
the Mississippi river outinto the Gulf of Mexico,
and go to navigate the waters of the Alabama and
the other rivers to the east of the Mississippi,
when the waters are high, and return to the Mis-
sissippi at seasons of the year when the naviga-
tion is closed upon the lesser streams. Will you
tax a vessel that employs the navigation of the
Mississippi for the entire year the same amount,
and no more, than you impose as a tax on vessels
that only use the Mississippi a portion of the
year? Will you tax, as the Senator from Missis-
sippi has observed, boats that are doing their busi-
ness on parts of the river that require no improve-
ment? How is this vast and complicated system
