1858,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
JIB39
popular vote is a more apparent than real mode
of ascertaining the popular will.
As an illustration upon this point, I remember
conversing with a gentleman from California who
voted in California when the constitution was sub-
mitted to popular vote. He told me that he did
not suppose half a dozen people in his section of
the State had ever seen the constitution; but the
people voted for it, because they wanted a govern-
ment, and would have voted for anything. We
all remember a recent vote in this District on sub-
mitting a code of laws to the people; we saw pla-
carded over the city, " Workingmen vote for the
Code, and go to jail for debt." And under this,
and similar appeals, the Code, prepared with great
care and ability, was voted down by nn over-
whelming vote. The submission to popular vote
of a frame of government or code of laws, is, in
my opinion, an illusion. Again, the people may
establish a constitution, by giving the power to
one man. This was the case in the master States
of antiquity: m Lacedemon and Athens. Lycur-
gus gave institutions to Sparta, which made her
supreme in Greece. Solon performed a similar
great office for Athens. I do not, however, rec-
ommend .this mode. It is not congenial to the
spirit of our institutions, and I remember what
an impracticable constitution the celebrated John
Locke formed for my own State in an early period
of her colonial existence. But all these modes of
forming constitutions, which I have pointed out,
are valid. The only essential thing is the assent of
the people; any way by which that assent is sig-
nified is sufficient. The idea, therefore, that there
is no mode of establishing a constitution but by a
popular vote on the constitution, has no founda-
tion, in my opinion, in reason.
This idea receives no sanction from the mode
in which the Federal Government was established.
Our ancestors desired to lay its foundations as
deep as possible in the sanction of the States; and
wishing to go behind the legislative authorities of
the States, to the very sources of power, they re-
quired the Constitution to be submitted to " a con-
vention of delegates chosen in each State by the
people thereof." Such, too, was the practice of
the States in the establishment of their own con-
stitutions, until a comparatively recent period.
To question the validity of a State constitution, on
the ground of non-submission to a popular vote,
is to disturb the foundation upon which our polit-
ical system rests.
Another objection,much insisted on, is the mode
in which the slavery question was submitted by
the Lecompton convention to the people of Kan-
sas. By that submission, the people were author-
ized to say whether any more slaves should be
brought into Kansas. They were not authorised
to confiscate the few already there. Now, this is
the real cause of complaint. The convention did
not submit the question of confiscation. To have
done this would have been unjust in the extreme, j
for those who held slaves had taken them into the
Territory under the sanction of the constitution;
and suddenly, by a vote of a majority, to deprive
them of their property, would have been robbery
under the forms of law—what may be appropri-
ately termed higher-law larceny.
The example set us by the northern States in
their emancipation policy is most instructive in
this regard. I have been at some pains to trace
their legislation on this subject.
The first act for the abolition of slaves by a
State Legislature was passed by Pennsylvania in
1780, which was, as its title indicated, <4An act
for the gradual abolition of slavery." It enacts:
"That alt persons, as well negroes and mulattoes as
others, who shall be bom within tins State, frotn and after
the passing of this act, shall not be deemed and considered
as seivants for life or slaves; and that all servitude for life
or slavery of childten in consequence of the slavciy of their
mothers m the case of all children bom within this Slate
from and after the passage of this act, as aforesaid, shall be,
and heiebyis, utteiiy taken away, extinguished, and forever
abolished.
'•That every negro, or mulatto child born within this
State, af'tei the pas&ing of this act, (who would m case this
act had not been made, have been born a servant for yeais,
or life, or a slave,) shali be deemed to be, and vhaM be, the
servant of such person, or his assigns, who would be enti-
tled to the service of &uch child, until such child shaSlattain
unto the age of nventy-eight years.'''
Now Pennsylvania did not, as we see by this
act, proceed to an instantaneous confiscation, she
only declared that the children of slave mothers
born after the passage of the act, would be dis-
charged from semtudu on arriving at the age of
twenty-one years. Why did Pennsylvania act
thus discreetly ? It was not certainly because she
counted the costs of a more rapid philanthropy
and wished to be cheaply benevolent: such a con-
struction would be unworthy of her reputation.
It must have been that she thought to have gone
further would have been inconsistent with the
rights of property, or liable to some other equally
grave objections.
In Massachusetts slavery was not abolished by
any special legislative act, but by the decision of
the courts on the construction to be given to a
clause in the constitution declaring that "all men
are born free and equal." (Winchendcn vs. Hat-
field, 4 Mass. R., 129.)
Connecticut, in 1784,byherLegislature,enact-
ed that—
" No negro or mulatto child that shall, after the first day
of March, 1784, be born within this State, shall be held in
servitude longer than until they arrive at the age of twenty
Jive years, notwithstanding the mother or parent of such
child was held in servitude at the lime of its birth, but
such child, at the age afoiesaid, shall be free."
No sudden emancipation, no confiscation—a
very gradual transition. This Connecticut law
explains its spirit in a recital—
" Whereas sound policy requires that the abolition of
slavery should be effected assoon as may be consistent with
the rights of individuals and the public safety and welfare."
Rhode Island enacted that—
" No person bom within this State, on and after the 1st
day of May. A. I). 1784, shall be deemed or considered a
servant lor life, or a slave; and all servitude for life, or sla-
very of children to be born as afoiesaid, in consequence of
the condition of their mothers be, and the same i* hereby,
taken away, extinguished, and forever abolished."
Still prospective.
New Hampshire did not pass any express act
of the Legislature for the abolition of slavery, but
the abolition is inferred from a general clause in
her constitution, in 1792,similar to the one cited
from the constitution of Massachusetts. Slave
interest was merely nominal in New Hampshire.
The constitution of Vermont, 1793, provides—
"That all men are born equally free, and independent:
therefore, no male person born in this country, or brought
fiom over sea, ouijht to be holden by law, to serve any per-
son as a servant, slave, or apprentice, after he arrives to the
a<;p of twenty-one years, nor female in like manner, after
she arnves to the age of eighteen years, unless they are
bound by their own consent, after they arrive at such age,
or bound by law. for the payment of debts, damages, fines,
costs, and the like."
The number of slaves, infmitisimally small in
"Vermont, yet no sudden spoliation.
New York provided, by legislative act, that all
children born of slaves after the 4th of July, 1799,
should be held by the owner of the mothers of the
same only, until they should attain to the ago
of twenty-eight years, if males, and if females,
until to the age of twenty-five years. No confis-
cation; philanthropy, not very rampant, satisfied
to wait a quarter of a century for fruition.
New Jciscy, in 1804, passed an act for the
gradual abolition of slavery similar to the Rhode
Island law, except " thatichite male children born
of slaves, after the 4th day of July, 1804, maybe
rr taincd as servants by the owners of their moth-
ers, until the age of twenty-five years only, and
female children in like manner, until the age of
twenty-one years." Philanthropy still patient and
listening to reason.
We thus see that in every instance where the
northern States acted specially on the emancipa-
tion of their slaves, they respected the existing
rights of property. They looked to the future j
without damaging themselves m the present. The ■
effect of their legislation would seem to,be more I
to release themselves from the presence of the !
African race than to exalt that race into freedom. !
For what was to prevent the owners of slaves thus !
advertised in advance from moving their slaves to i
a warmer climatc ? Nothing, that I see. And that <
the question of emancipation, in a large decree,
took this form of solution, is, I think, obvious,
from the comparatively small fiee negro popula-
tion now in the emancipating northern States to
that which should, in the natural course of events,
be there. Erher emancipation has acted like a
paralysis on the African race, or they were trans- (
ferred South befoie the emancipating process took ]
effect. The northern emancipating States have j
pfoved, by their own action in reference to them- I
selves, that they repudiated the confiscating pro- ;
cess. Why, then, should there be complaint that j
this process was not established in Kansas ? Is •
their philanthropy more vivid when it is to be ex-
ercised at the expense of others? Commend me
to this prudent philanthropy,/wlti^h scoums tthe
cost when it is to be ope&aiive at o-uro-wn" expense,
but has a sublime contempt-forthe-ex-pense when
it is to come out of other people's pockets-.
I'propose nofr, Mr.Cftairr^an, to, refer as briery
as possible to some of die "prominent occasions
on which the antagonism of & northern sectional
party has manifested itself in our history, - The
review is curious and instructive, and shows in
the strongest light imaginable the indefeasible
views which have actuated this northern organ-
ization.
One of the first instances was the purchase of
that western empire known as the Territory of
Louisiana, embracing that immense region lying
west of the Mississippi, from the great lakes to
the Gulf of Mexico. The facts that this territory
embraced one bank of the Mississippi throughout
its entire course; that, for a long distance pear its
mouth, the Mississippi flowed entire through the
Territory ;the boundless extent of fertile laud em-
braced in it; its close proximity to the United
States, as they then existed; that the.numerous
and great confluents of the Mississippi were of
comparative little value without the absolute-con-
trol of the " Father of Waters,' * which passes be-
nignantlyand sublimely across so many parallels
of latituuejallrendered thisatfquisition not merely
a desideratum, but a necessity. It is not going
too far to say that the Republic would, have been
dismembered if this acquisition had not been made.
Yet, there was a sectional party North whose hor-
izon was so limited that they could not take in
this mighty development of the Republic. The
sublime flow of the great inland sea never stirred
their hearts with emotion. If the question had
depended solely upon them, the Mississippi would
now be washing the shores of the stranger.
Another development of this northern sectional
party occurred in the acquisition of Florida. Flor-
ida, from its local position, infested with hostile
savages, who constantly harried our frontiers, in
possession of a weak government unable to restrain
these incursions, with* an extended line of sea and
gulf coast, along whicji passed so vast a portion
of American commerce, was alsp necessary to the
peace, the integrity, and the commerce of the Re-
public. Yet there was still an opposition at the
North to its acquisition. But the common sense of
the Republic burst the obstacles some wished to
interpose to its rightful developments,
The next developmentofthis northern sectional
sentiment was on the admission of Missouri.
Then it first attained its gigantic proportion.
Three great questions of constitutional law were
raised in the progress of this controversy:
1. As to the power of Congress to restrict and
abolish slavery m a State applying for admission.
2. As to the power to prohibit slavery in a Ter-
ritory.
3. As to the right of a State to prohibit the in-
gress of free negroes.
The discussion commenced on the proposition
of Mr. Tallmadge to.hmitthe existence of slavery
in the new State, by declaring all free who should
be born in the Territory after its admission into
the Union. The amendment of Mr. Tallmadge
was in these words:
JSnd provided, That thefurther introduction of slavery
or involuntary servitude be prohibited, except for the pun-
ishment of crimes, Whereof the party shali have been fully
convicted, and that all children born within the said State,
after the admission thereof into the CJruon, shall be free at
the age of twenty-five years."
This amendment implied the power of Congress
to annex conditions upon the admission of a State
derogatory to her equality as a member of a con-
federacy of States, necessarily equal in all their
rights. According; to this principle, Missouri was
to be shorn of an important portion of her sover-
eign right to regulate her own institutions in her
own way, while the other States of the Union
possessed, unquestioned, this right. The result
would have been, if Missouri had been admitted
with this provision, that, as to a vital portion of
her social policy, she was in a condition of infe-
riority to the other States. Illogical and untena-
ble as this position was, it was ardently sustained
by a dominant party North, and the country was
convulsed upon this unfounded assumption. Now,
how does this question stand? It is abandoned
even at the North, I believe, except by a ft w
fanatics. Upon this point Mr. Justice Campbell,
