329
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 81,
35th Cono....1 st Suss.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. of Reps.
to be in the immediate confidence of the President,
has been equally bitter and vituperative.
iVIr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Without any
personal knowledge of the fact, I pronounce it a
libel upon the President.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. If the gentle-
man has no personal knowledge, he ought not to
speak about a matter he knows nothing about.
[Laughter.] Mr. Chairman, I say this jn no un-
kind spirit. I say it because this thing has been
pursued long enough. I say it because it is un-
just—unjust to men who are as true fiiends of
the President as any man in the country, and
have as little idea of abandoning his geneial sup-
port. Surely, sir, the President and the Admin-
istration have mistaken the relation which they
bear to the party and the country. Why are we
called traitors ? Whom have we betrayed ? To
whom do we owe allegiance? Sir, we are not
sent here to represent or reflect the will of the Ex-
ecutive. We do not come here to register the
edicts of a master. We owe allegiance, first, to
the Constitution, and then to our constituents;
and we owe it to no other tribunal or power on
ecuth. If our fidelity is brought in question, we
appeal to our constituents to determine the mat-
tor, and their verdict is final and conclusive, if
they are satisfied, who has any right to complain ?
The President has his appropriate functions—
members of Congress have theirs. Ho has no
right to interfere with the passage of bills through
Congress, and it is a breach of the privileges of
the House for him to do so. We, who aided in
elevating the President to the exalted office which
he holds, are his friends, not his slaves, lie is
our servant, not our master. If there is any
treason, it must bo on the part of the servant, and
cannot be on the part of the master who owes no
allegiance. Tho Democracy of Illinois, who sup-
ported him so cordially, owe him none, and have
a ri'jht to think and act for themselves.
1 was about to remark, when interrupteda while
ago, that there is something very singular in the
fact that upon every question except one, men
may think and act as they please, without their
paity fidelity being called in question. The Pres-
ident has i econnni'inled a gicat many measures,
and there is not a Democrat in Congress who sup-
ports the President a\ every position taken in his
message. If there is such a man here I should
like him to show himself. And yet there is no
complaint. Men may oppose the President on his
A riny bill, on his Nicaragua policy, on Iim Treas-
ury note bill, and upon other measures, and there
is no complaint. There is something that men
must nolicc remarkable, in regard to this, and that
is thai this tiling of proscription and denunciation
stops just us soon ce> you i each J\fason and Dixon's
line, it is not right, sir. It ought to be stopped.
And those from the North, and from the South,
■who are in the confidence of the Piesident in re-
gard to this measure, ought to say to him to hold
off his hands, for every one knows that upon the
least intimation on the paitof the President to
these papers that, are feeding and fattening on his
patronage, that this thing was unpleasant to him,
it would be stopped in a moment. Everybody
knows that.
Air. Chairman, there is one feature which has
pervaded the discussions of this Kansas question
dining the entire session, that could hardly fail
to have attracted the attention of tho most casual
observer, i allude, sir, to the extreme anxiety
many piofeysed Democrats have shown to be able
to make some point, or find some plausible ground
of attack, against Judge Douglas, or the Illinois
delegation m the House, or even the State and the
Demociaey we have the honor to represent. Many
have seemed to think, if they could only hunt up
some fact that would throw discredit upon that
Senator,or weaken himin the esteem of ihecoun-
try, they had accomplished a great end, and all
that was necessary to establish their own supe-
rior statesmanship. It is every day becoming
mop and more apparent, that the extraordinary
bitterness and vindictiveness manifested in this
contest Jus resulted from the scheming of uspirmg
demagogues, who would move heaven and eaith
to break down and discredit that distinguished
statesman. The war has been, to a great extent,
a personal one; and, to accomplish their purpose,
tt course has been pursued which never could have
been dictated by sound policy, the interests of the
country, or of the Democratic party.
The assaults which have been made upon the
State of Illinois and her Democracy, have been
treated with indifference and contempt. They de-
serve neither notice or consideration. I do notpro-
pose a defense of my native State now. She needs
none. Her own history and her present proud
position constitute her own vindication. In her
natural resources; in rapid development and ma-
terial prosperity; in the gallantry of her sons on
the field of battle; in their devotion to the Consti-
tution, the Union, and the rights of every section
of the country; in their unyielding devotion to
the Democratic party and Democratic principles;
in all, sir, that can make one of her sons proud
of the land that gave him birth, and that has nour-
ished and sustained him, Illinois stands thisday
without a parallel, the pride of the country, the
admiration of all intelligent observers. I thank
my God daily, sir, that my lot has been cast
among her hardy sons. And as long as I receive
their approval, and retain their confidence, I can
look upon the frowns of power, the denunciations
of a hireling piess,arid the sneers of hungry syc-
ophants, with peifect indifference. The Democ-
racy of Illinois, sir,'have never faltered or failed
in the di.-fharge of their duty. She has never
given any other than, a Democratic vole for President.
When many I seearound me, and who now claim
to be the only "simon pure" Democrats, were
battling m the ranks of the enemy; when the
storm of war raged heaviest, and the Democracy
of other States have been defeated and driven
from the field by the fierce charges of the enemy,
our forces have never faltered—our columns have
never been broken. No odds what array was
brought against them; no odds what obstacles
presented themselves, the Democracy of Illinois
have trampled down the opposition, and proudly
borne their ling to victory. And these are the
people, sir, that you would now read out of the
Democratic party! Mr. Chairman, I find it dif-
ficult to realize the fact, that such ingratitude, and
such consummate folly can possibly exist among
men calling themselves Democrats. Hut we, at
least, luue the consolation of knowing (hat if we
are forced to separate, we owe you nothing—ab-
solutely nothing. Wo have faithfully discharged
our duty, without fee or reward. We have bat-
tled manfully for the right because it was the
right, and from no selfish considerations. We
have fought bravely for the Constitution and the
Union; because, with all our hearts, we love the
Constitution and the Union. We have battled
day and night, year after year, for the constitu-
tional rights of the South, because they were
their constitutional tights, and because we wish
to do justice, to our brethren of every portion and
section of this broad land.
Of nil the Stati.-s, the most true to the Constitu-
tion and to the Democratic party, always bold and
prominent in the light, Illinois has reaped none
of the fruits of victoi v. I ler sons have often been
leaders in the charge, and fiist to scale the ram-
parts of the enemy; yet the spoils of victory have
always been divided among others. Fiom the
moment she became a sovereign State to the pres-
ent tune, she has never faltered in her adhetence
to the national Democracy. With men ofacknowl-
edged talents and statesmanship in her midst, not
one of her sons has evi r, at any time, received a
first-class appointment from the Federal Govern-
ment. Iler claims m this respcct have been dis-
regarded. Notwithstanding all this, we have ad-
hered to our faith and battled for the i ight without
a murmur. And now, sir, mere fledgelings m the
party—men who have devoted the best^pait of
their lives to the seivice of the enemy, have un-
dertaken the task of denouncing and branding us
as traitors and renegades.
But the honorable gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Smith] has made himself conspicuous by his
assaults upon Illinois and her distinguished Sen-
ator. Following the example of ladies of doubt-
ful reputation, he, too, seems desirous of patching
up his own political character by assailing that of
other men. Me has arrogated to himself a supe-
rior sanctity,and stands up in the market-places
and {< thanks God that lie is not as these publicans
and sinners." To wards the close of his singular
speech he abandons, for a time, generalities and
insinuations, and attempts by distinct charges to
assail the motives of judge Douglas and his as-
sociates. One of these arraignments is in these
words:
"Mr. Smith, of Virginia. I will pay this in conclusion :
that the delegation from Illinois, or n portion of them at any
rate, met together here, when Congress assembled, to con-
sider the course which a certain gentleman in the other end
of the Capitol should pursue, and the means he should use,
in order to secure his reelection to the United States Sen-
ate. I say that much; and I will make out the case when
I have the tune. I say that certainly extraordinary aeuon
has resulted in aconcerted movement, having an eye alone
to Ins reelection."
I have already stated on the floor of the Housp,
that this charge is wholly and entirely destitute of
truth. It has no foundation whatever in fact. I
allude to it now, for the purpose of adding that the
honorable member ought to have known at tho
time that it could not be true. It was known
throughout the whole country (the matter was dis-
cussed in the newspapers some time before Con-
gress convened) that the Senator from Illinois was
opposed to the unqualified admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution. Upon his
arrival in this city, some days before Congress
convened, almost his first act was to wait on tho
President, and state to him frankly his views in
regard to this question. Their meeting was said
to be cordial, and their conference frank and
friendly, but their differences on this question were
also said to be radical and irreconcilable. An ac-
count of this visit and conference was at the time
published in the various papers throughout tho
country, and ought to have been known to the
honorable gentleman. I take it for granted, how-
ever, that he had forgotten or overlooked thos,>
facts which were so well known to the whole coun-
try.
The honorable member has been equally un-
fortunate in the other specific charge which he
thought proper to make. It is equally baseless,
and equally destitute of the semblance of truth.
That charge is made in the following language;
" Let me say here, aNo, that Mr. Calhoun wrote to Judse
Douot-as, not us a Jscnatoi, but as a friend, stating theplan
taut was to be pursued, and asking Ins ad\ iee in leieience
to it. No answer to that letter was evei received, but the
Chicago Times, cauie nut and indorsed the proposed plan. I
•state, as a l.icf, winch will not be deputed in any qnniior,
that Senator Doughs, not as a Scnatoi,but a« a conspicu-
ous friend of tins gentleman, was written to in the month
of September, asking his advice as to the course to be pui -
sued in the submission ot the constitution, and that he never
responded to that letter by di-sent 01 affirmation. 1 icpeat,
the Chicago Tunes, understood to be under ins mfluenee,
was published, containing an Mticle indoismgthe snggf-i
lions of that letter. I have not time to go into tin- question
as 1 would like ; but such are the jacts in relation to this
matter,'"
Mr. Chairman, I am utterly amazed that any
; gentleman, and especially the honorable member,
| should travel out of his path and his line of ar-
1 gument for the purpose of bringing forward and
placing on record a charge of this character against
| a distinguished leader of his own party; and that
: leader a man who has been more prominent, open,
bold, and constant in the advocacy of the consti-
tutional rights of the South, and the principles of
I the Democratic party, than any man now living.
| If the charge were true, the propriety of that gen-
! tlcman bringing it forward m the manner and
j under the circumstances m which he lugged it into
I his speech, would be at least questionable; but
! what will the House and the country think of it
when I state, what I now do, broadly and dis-
i tinctly, that in every essential particular it is ut-
j terly destitute of foundation or truth ? Let me be
1 distinctly understood. It is not contended that
; Judge Douglas ever wrote to Mr. Calhoun on the
: subject. The charge plainly and distinctly insm-
! uated, rather than directly made, is that the author
[ of the Kansas-Nebraska act, not openly and bold-
| ly, but in an underhand and skulking manner, in-
| dicatcd to Calhoun, through the columns of the
! Chicago Times, the mode of submission of the
! constitution which was adopted by the Lecomp-
I ton convention. I repeat, sir, that the charge is
i as destitute of truth as any charge could possibly
1 be. Judge Douglas is in no manner responsible
; for the editorial conduct of the Chicago Times.
' That is an independent Domocraticjournal, friend-
| ly, in the mam, to the distinguished Senator fiom
; Illinois; but its editorial conduct is in charge of a
: gentleman who thinks, acts, and writes for hirn-
i self, without submitting to the direction or dicta-
