mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25.
to be carried out? In my judgment the difficulties
are insuperable. The difficulties to which this
new system would give nse are greater than those
that already exist.
What then are we to do ? Are we to admit that
wc have a frame of government under which ob-
structions may be accumulated in our large nav-
igable courses, in which the commerce of the
coun try may be impeded in its most vital branches,
in its most important elements ? Are we to ad-
mit that, under our frame of government, there
is no power either in the State or General Gov-
ernment for the improvement of those streams,
which are not simply local in their character, but
which bear on their surface the commerce—I was
going to say, of empires? We cannot admit that;
and we are driven, at least by the absolute neces-
sity of the case, to yield the principle that the
General Government, under our theory, has the
power—a power greatly liable to abuse, I admit;
a power that has been abused formerly, and up
to the present time, I admit; a power exceeding-
ly difficult to be guarded, I admit; but a power,
in my judgment, indisputable—the power of im-
proving its rivers and harbors under the general
grant of authority to legulate commerce, not only
between this country and foreign nations, but
between the several States of the Union.
I agree, sir, with the suggestions both of the
Senator from Mississippi and the Senator from
Vermont, that this system of improvement, im-
perfect as it may appear, however formidable may
seem the objections that may be raised against it
by gentlemen of the power and ability of the Sen-
atorfrom Georgia, still, after all, does that kind of
justice which was called in ancient times rustic
justice. It is not exact; it is not perfect; human
institutions do not permit it so to be; but, upon
the whole, it taxes the consumer of every part of
the country for those facilities which brin^ the
article that he consumes home to linn at a cheaper
rate than he would otherwise receive it, and car-
ries his produce away upon the same system. A
system thus established, operating by the General
Government in all parts of the United States,
liable, as I said before, to many abuses, and re-
quiring great and careful checks, is, in my judg-
ment, after all, the only one nracticable in its
character, and the one upon which the American
people must eventually settle down.
Mr. TOOMBS, if anything could satisfy me
more than another of the unanswerable sound-
ness of the position I have always occupied on
this question, it is the absolute impossibility, not
to say difficulty, of even presenting, in my judg-
ment, a plausible reply. I will take up theargu-
ments as they are presented, with a great deal of
fairness, I admit. The main aigumeut of the Sen-
ator from Veimont and the Senator from Lou-
isiana is, that they find great difficulty in appor-
tioning the benefit among the men who use the
improvement; and inasmuch as they may not be
able, from the difficulties of the case, to do exact
justice among them, they will adoptasystem that
is the furthest possible from any justice. As they
may do one of the parties who uses this lmpiove-
xnent injustice, by levying too much out of the
small boat man, for instance, rather than the big
boat man, they put it on the man who has no bout
at all; they put it on the man in Vermont, who
raises wool.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose the honorable
Senator does not mean to do me injustice?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not.
Mr. COLLAMER. My idea was, that, to
force these local improvements which are of gen-
eral interest to be made by local contributions,
was saddling that portion of the country to the
injury of commerce generally. It injures those
people, and shuts out others fiom all connection
with them, by having tonnage duties laid in their
harbors. My view was, that we had better con-
sider the commcrce of the country as a general
unit, and levy upon the commerce of the country
anv such contributions as are necessary for local
improvements, for the benefit of that general
commerce.
Mr, TOOMBS. The gentleman has got out of
the difficulty by assuming that it is the general
interest. The. answer is, that it is not the gen- j
eral interest. lie assumes that which is not tiue. j
I shnuld like to know how a man who clips wool i
in Vermont, and sends it to Boston or New York, j
or to a factory in Vermont, is benefited by hav- !
ing commodities sent cheaply down the Missis-
sippi river ?
Mr. COLLAMER, I put my answer thus:
that wool will sell better to the manufacturer of
cloths in proportion as those cloths can be car-
ried to and sold in the different portions of the
United States. We have an interest in having
our vessels go into the harbor of Savannah for
the purpose of carrying our woolens there,, and
bringing your cottons back.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have stated the argument
just as you have. On the principle which both the
Senators state, it is to our advantage to open the
ports of every civilized country in the world, for
they can get there cheaper. On that argument, it
isjust as much our interest to make a railroad in
Russia, or clean out the Volga, as the Mississippi;
not to the same extent, but the principle is the
same, because they can bring their commodities
better to us and exchange them for ours, and we
are benefited. The same principle would war-
rant you in giving me out of the Federal Treas-
ury, by a vote of the Senate, $10,000, because
somebody would get the benefit of it—I should
expend money more freely; I should buy more
clothes ana probably more food. Bat that prin-
ciple is a verys;reat mistake.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Permit me to say to the
Senator that I take the very illustration he now
offers to us. Have wc not, for years past, with-
out question, appropriated money for the survey
of the rivers of distant countries, with a view of
opening avenues to commerce? Do we not pay
for that out of the general fund ? Have we a right
to vote that money for the cxplotation of the navi
gation of foreign rivers, and not spend any m^ney
at home? I think the illustration the Senator
offers supports our views
Mr. TOOMBS. I will answer that argument
when I come to it. The Senator from Vermont
says it is very difficult to get a just system of tax-
ation. I admit it,. 1 admit that it is next to im-
possible'm human institutions to get a just system
of taxation; but in every question that comes be-
fore me, it is my duty as a Senator, and as a cit-
izen, to approximate that point as near as possi-
ble; but the momenthe sees there is difficulty, he
gets as far off from it as possible. That is the
ditlbrenee between us. Because it is difficult to
apportion the burden among the people who own
ships, or send their produce down the Missis-
sippi, he will put it on the whole people. 1 will
take my own case and that of his wool clipper.
My cotton goes down the Mississippi river; his
wool does not. Inasmuch as there is a difficulty
between mennd another man as to how the burden
shall be divided amon^ us, wc say we will take
in this yool-grower in Vermont. It is true, we
send our pi oducecheaper to market; we are richer;
quntl erat demonstrandum, he is richei; the whole
nation is. That is the argument; it has no other
extent than that—[ am richer, the nation is richer,
therefore he is richer! That is the principle the
Senator goes on. It is a system that destroys all
distinctions ot individual property. If, is in prin-
ciple an annihilation of individual property. I
say that inasmuch as you cannot get at a correct
system of taxation, I will approximate as near to
a correct system as the defects of human knowl-
edge, and the circumstances by which I am sur-
rounded will allow me to do; and therefore, as a
fundamental principle of human justice, 1 will
apportion all the burdens of the Government on
the persons whoget the benefits, as exactly and
equally as 1 can. Though it be imperfect, if 1 am
legislating to that point 1 am legislating justly;
and if 1 depart from it 1 am legislating unjustly.
These two Senators advocate unjust legislation.
It cannot be defended on the forum of justice.
They admit that abstiactly my proposition is true.
Sir, it is as true in the concrete as it is in the ab-
stract; and every particle of injustice that you do
not relieve where you can, you are the perpetra-
tors of. As 1 remarked when I was up before,
there has been a great eifort in all ages and m all
countries for the enterprising, the intelligent, the
powerful, and the rich, to cast their burdens upon
the poor, and to take their profits to themselves;
and that is just exactly the system. Here is a
lawyer m New York who has a correspondence
of a thousand dollars a year, and here is a wool-
grower in Vermont who perhaps sends and re-
ceives three letters in the course of a year. Sup-
pose the lawyer should say to him, " we will put
our letters in a common box and divide the ex-
pense between us:" when you went to put your
hands into the pockets of the wool-grower, he
would show you that he understood it. I have no
doubt they understand this.
But the Senator from Vermont says that the
system I propose has been tried and abandoned.
Sir, it never was abandoned. It is true, that laying
such a duty is some burden; and if the benefit is
not greater than the burden, it will not be resorted
to, and ought not to be. If you give Baltimore the 0
right to levy tonnage duties to a certain amount .
fixed by Congress, and the benefit of her com-
mferce is not equal to that burden, she would not
lay it. There is some injury, I admit. If the
money is taken out of the public Treasury, there
is not a spot in the United States where the ship-
owners and the merchants will not ask you to
give them greater facilities; but make them pay
for it themselves, and they will count both sides
—the advantages on the one side, and the disad-
vantages on the other. Those places that sup-
posed the money they were going to expend
would cause a greater injury to their commerce
than the improvement would benefit, would not
ask the power. Those who believed the money
which they levied would do a greater advantage
to their commerce than they would loSe by it,
would ask for it; and that is the way it ought to
be.
They abandon it when they could put their
hands in the public Treasury; they cry "give,**
" give," like the horse-leech They say1 ( give,"
when you have an abundant Treasury; they say
(i give, "when you are bankrupt; every where, at
all times, hi season and out of season, at the be-
ginning or the session, in the middle of the ses--
sion, at the end of the session, the cry is the same.
They do not come here to beg you to give them
the right to tax themselves, but they beg you to
plunder the public Treasury for their benefit.
They understand it. They are very easily satis-
fied with arguments. I have no doubt that by the
nieicaiuilt: classes, the people benefited by this
system, the ar^umc^b of the Senator from Louis-
iana and the Senator from Vermont will be con-
sidered unanswerable. It is very convenient for
the company that runs steamships to Aspinwall,
doing a business of four or five millions a year, to
say to other people, " you are benefited as well as
we are; pay our lightage into New York harbor."
I warrant you will never get a vote from them
to make those who use lights pay for them. That
is the way the question has worked in England,
and in all countries; and I have no doubt of the
result here when the country becomes more en-
lightened, and the great mass of the people come
to understand the extent to which they are plun-
dered. I would as soon trust the citizens of Ver-
mont on this question as those of Georgia. 1
would go with the Senator from Vermont before
the people there upon it, and 1 have no doubt I
should defeat him before them. No intelligent
population in the woild would ever submit to the
proposition that they should contribute from their
mite to pay the business of another class on the
idea of general benefit to the whole. No man
ever did it voluntarily. Whenever the public ben-
efit is indivisible, like levying war, and armies and
navies, where the whole is bound at any and
every cost to defend each and every part, then it
goes upon another principle. The public defense
is indivisible. You cannot apportion the burden
except in one way; that is by taxation. If you
levy a tax on property, you equalize it as far as
you are capable of doing under human institu-
tions.
It seems that now even the free-traders and pro-
tectionists agree on a wrong principle. My friend t
from Mississippi is here in accordance wuh my
friend from Vermont on this point The Senator
from Vermont says that if the tax m New York
is levied on houses, the tenants pay it. That is
not true upon the principles of my friend from
Mississippi, nor was it ever held to-be true be-
fore, to my knowledge, by my friend from Ver-
mont, until this occasion. The doctrine implied
by the question put to me by the Senator trom
Wisconsin, that the duty raises the price of the
commodity to the extent of the duty, which doc-
trine seems to be held by the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, is a fallacy, clear, unequivocal,
demonstrable, in a hundred instances. I could
show them, if necessary, m our own history. It
