324
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hughes.
[March 3:
Ho. of Reps.
would represent it, of which he speaks with so
m uch contempt—and therein he attempted to define
his position. I believe the amount of it was this:
<£ We expect to reelect Judge Douglas to the Sen-
ate; and as for me upon this^ansas question, I
am waiting for the facts." Yet that gentleman
comes here to-night and speaks of the Lecompton
constitution as an illegal instrument—as an in-
strument tainted by frauds, conceived in sin, and
brought forth in iniquity, corrupt from the hour of
its birth.
If he is sincere to-night, he dissembled, cloaked,
and concealed his sentiments then, with all his
professions of independence and honesty. He
dissembled and concealed his sentiments when he
published this card in the Union newspaper. Oh,
yes, "we expect," " we," the Democracy of Illi-
nois, to reelect Judge Douglas to the Senate.
The gentleman says his district gave Buchanan
fifteen thousand majority. Yes, and that may
account for his hanging lire when all the balance
of the Illinois delegation went off against the Le-
compton measure; because his constituents wore
loyal and true; because they stood firmly by the
Administration, and true to the Democratic flag.
But " we expect to elect Judge Douglas to the
Senate." Yes, sir, that explains the " milk in the
cocoanut." He wished to triumph with Judge
Douglas, and
" Vaulting ambition winch o'erleaps itself,
And falls on t'other side,"
has given rise to all our difficulties, and now
threatens to destroy the integrity of the Demo-
cratic party.
The gentleman was pleased to institute a com-
parison between himself and myself, and spoke
of flics. The simile is the gentleman's own, and
he cannot evade it. I take his own simile, and I
respectfully submit to the judgment of the com-
mittee, which had the worst end of it, the flies, or
the substance around which the flics congregated ?
I said that flics were accustomed to buzz around
very dirty places. The gentleman said I was ac-
customed to such places. Yes, sir, politically
speaking, I am. I have been accustomed for some
time to make war upon, and be made war upon by,
tho Black Republican party, as dirty a political
substance, in my judgment, as can bo found; and
when I find gentlemen who have heretofore called
themselves Democrats, gravitating towards that
party 
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I call the
gentleman to order. It is not in order to indulge
in personalities.
Mr. QUGUES. I am dealing with the Black
Republican jiarty.
Mr. GOOGH. To carry out the gentleman's
fumilc of the flies, I desire to know if the gentle-
man derived any sustenance from the Black Re-
publican party with which became in contact?
[Laughter.!
Mr. HUGHES. No, sir. They took the plums
all out of the pudding in the last Congress, when
they plundered the United Stales Government to
such an extent that in self-defense they had to
expel some of their own members for coi ruption.
j Greatlaughtcr.] I say that when gentlemen who
have heretofore been recognized as healthy and
sound members of the Democratic party organi-
zation, become identified with that paity which
draws around it all the flies and crows and buz-
zards that the political horizon affords, they ought
to abstain from offensive personalities towards
others.
JNrow,sir,let me passfromthis subject,offensive
as it must be to the committee. I said at the com-
mencement of my remaiks that I was induced to
trespass upon the attention of the committee by
the very extraordinaiy speech made by tho gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, upon the other side
of the House. Thatspecch contained some state-
ments to which I would have been giad to have
replied on the spot, but I could not get the floor;
and I avail myself now of the earliest opportunity
of giving them such notice as I think they de-
serve.
it was a very extraordinary speech, sir; one
which contained offensive language; one which
was arrogant in its manner; and one which,in my
humble opinion, called for a reply—not that it
contained any argument, for of that itwas totally j
devoid: but because the speaker seemed desirous I
to challenge attention, and to bring himself into
notice. In short, he seemed ambitious of increas-
ing the notoriety he already enjoys. I have some
remarks to make upon that very extraordinary
speech.
That gentleman was pleased to denounce as
" dough-faces," the Democrats upon this floor
representingnorthern constituencies, who, in this
most trying hour to our institutions, adhere to
those great principles which the people vindicated
in 1856 at the polls. He was pleased to denounce
these men as dough-faces. He proclaimed that
the mission of the Republican party was to ex-
terminate them; and spoke of trampling under foot
with scorn certain of their doctrines! Well, sir,
there has been some controversy as to the origin
and etymology of this word dough-face. I believe
in newspaper literature its first syllable is spelled
"d-o-u-g-h;"butthecorrectetymology is"d-o-e,"
a female deer; and I think that it derives signifi-
cance from the fact that that animal is exceedingly
timid,and when itcomesto the water and sees its
own image reflected, it starts back with affright.
It well becomes the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to talk about dough-faces—this Don duixote
of the North, this gentleman from the land of Gar-
risons and Sumners, the land of steady habits,
where Kalloch preaches,and Dalton divorce cases
are tried ! [Laughter.] Weil it becomes that gen-
tleman to talk about timidity, with his blusteiing
manner, his vociferating kind of speech, throwing
his arms about, &c. I called him DonQ,uixoie;let
me^correct the figure, for he much more resembled
the antagonist of that famous knight—the wind-
mill. [Laughter.] Dough-faces, forsooth! Sir,
this is not the first time that denunciations have
been hurled at northern men who have seen proper
to stand by the Administration and the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the gentleman allow mc
to ask him a question ?
Mr. HUGHES. Certainly; this is the gentle-
man who read the essay from the stand,"and I
will listen to what he lias to say.
Mr. KOSTER. I desire to know if John Ran-
dolph did not apply the same t^rm dough-face to
the same class of men under the same circum-
stances ?
Mr. HUGHES, f would ask the gentleman if
he is a member of the historical society of the
State from which he comes? 1 piesumehe is,and
I respectfully suggest to him to pursue that ques-
tion at his leisure as a member of that society.
[Laughter.]
I said this was not the fust time that this thing
had been done. Why, sir, a gentleman upon this
floor—Mr. Moitius, of Illinois—made a remark
in reference to myself some days ago, in an essay
which he read upon this floor; hut whether he
wrote it or not, this deponent saith not. [Laugh-
ter.] He said " the gentleman from Indiana,"
leferring to myself, " had been put foith by our
southern friends to be shot down in the outposts
of this controversy." Well, sir, in reference to
that matter I have this to say: if I am shotdown
m this controversy upon the outposts, it will be
an honorable death. It will be a post of honor,
and it will be a death met in defense of the out-
posts of tho Constitution; and I will say to the
gentleman, m the language of the poet of old,
<l DuL'p ci I'erorum est pro patn/l mori."
But God forbid that I should ever be shot as a
deserter, or that I should be captured, as the gen-
tleman has been, in the attempt to desert the flag
of my country.
Dough-faces! says the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. I am glad he has given me the oppor-
tunity to dcclarc upon this floor, that the only men
who, in thistrymgstruggle, have to meetrespons-
ibility, are those men whom he is pleased to de-
nominate dough-faces. Sir, the man who repre-
sents a southern constituency has an easy task to 1
perform in voting for any measure that savors of i
permitting the peculiar institution. The man who, !
like the gentleman from Massachusetts, repre- i
sents that one idea, crazy, irreclaimable Boston j
fanaticism, which worships m tiuth "an idola- I
tious myth" under the name of liberty, has an i
easy task to perform in voting against such a !
measure. But those men whom ho has taunted !
i with awant of ntoial courage, with a want of faith- i
! fulness to the Constitution, with a want of firm- I
ness, it seems to me arc the only true conserva-
tive men in this national council, and who are in
danger of being ground to powder between the
two extremes. Ill does it become thatgentleman
to talk to me of crouching to southern men, and
of pandering to the vicesand peculiarities of south-
ern society. That gentleman made a statement
here which I brand as untrue. These dough-faces,
said he, come into this Hall and say one thing
while they preach another story to their constit-
uents. Sir, if the gentleman will go to my dis-
trict and read the newspapers of his own party at
this hour, he will find that they are publishing
that which is in substance true—that I said in the
presence of many of my constituents upon a tem-
porary visit to my own State, that "if every
stump in Kansas were a negro, every tree upon
her soil a slavedriver, and every twig upon the
trees a lash to scourge the negro to his daily toil, I
would vote for the admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution to preserve the peace of
the whole country; and if my constituents did not
like it, and would let mc know it, I would resign.
There are those within the sound of my voice who
heard me make that declaration, and I have yet
to hear from my constituents that they disap-
prove of my sentiments or my course.
Without going into detail, and discussing or
expressing the sentiments of the Democracy of
Indiana, which, in my opinion, have been some-
what misrepresented upon this floor, I undertake
to say, that though divisions may distract my
constituents, nine tenths of the Democracy of my
district will be found to indorse the course I have
taken upon this floor.
Let mo avail myself of this occasion to say that,
come what may, I intend to submit my conduct
to the verdict of my constituency, although it is
a district which was represented in the last Con-
gress by an Opposition member. I intend to face
the music on this question. Those who have rep-
resented that I expect to take any other course,
little know me. I will come back to this Hall ap-
piovcd, indorsed, sustained by my constituency,
or I will go to private life, consoling myself with
the reflection that—
"Truth mis-hod to earth will iise again"—
and with tho further reflection that, if this coun-
try is to be again cursed with a Black Republican
majority in this Hall,
•• When vice prevail^, and impious men bear sway,
The porit ot honor n a ptiv.ite tuition."
A word or two more in legard to the noisy par-
tisan from Massachusetts. Ill does it become that
man to say that the northei n men who stand hei e
in defense of this Administration are inconsistent,
while, in the next breath, he disavows all clnirns
to consistency, and says that he goes for the Crit-
tenden amendment, his antecedents to the con-
trary notwithstanding. He disavows all claims
to consistency, and goes blindly for the purpose
of defeating the Democratic party. What is his
logic on this subject? Why,that the Ciiuenden
amendment is the easiest mode of making Kan-
sas a free State. He talks about nailing doctrines
and nailing parties. It is a very easy matter to
nail him, on this occasion, to tho countcr, like a
base counterfeit as he is 
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman must re-
member that it is not in order to indulge in per-
sonalities on the floor of the House.
Mr. I1UGEIES. Politically speaking. [Laugh-
ter.] I speak in a Pickwickian and parliamentary
sense. [Laughter.] He says it is the best mode
of making Kansas a free State. Therein, sir,
lies all his statesmanship on this question. Since
this question was agitated before the masses, an
authoritative exposition of constitutional Hw has
been promulgated from this Capitol—from the
highest constitutional authority—from that ora-
cle of the Constitution which 1 intend to respect
and to obey as long as a beneficent Government
spreads around me its protection, its Constitution
and its laws, protecting all, m helpless infancy
and in mature age, in ail the rights of person and
of property. Thtucxpression says that the Con-
stitution of the United States, prvprio vigoic, car-
ries slavery into the Territory. That is a new
reading to people in the West, because, as I have
fiankly said on this floor on a former occasion,
we advocated the doctrine of squatter sovereignty.
Stare decisis is my motto as a lawyer and a citi-
