276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January ISj
be expected to surround one under such circum-
stances. I am gratified, however, that I have the
privilege# at this time, of rising to sustain#vhat I
believe to be law and order. I have seen the re-
markable spectacle presented to this country of
an Administration going out before the country
apparently unsustained by its own friends. I
have seen, sir, thaton every message of the Pres-
ident of the United States, to this House, or the
other, opportunities have been taken to assail and
to pick at him and his motives. In the message
which the President of the United States has sent
to this House, on thesabjectof our relations with
Nicaragua, and in reference to the conduct of
" General" William Walker, as his friends choose
to call him, I am happy to say that I sustain him
in every word that he has written.
What are the facts of the case of General Walker
as presented to this House and before the country?
He is no citizen of the United States. He has
expatriated himself. He has chosen, sir, to say
to the world that he will no longer be covered by
the glorious stars and stripes of which we are so
proud, and that he arrays himself under another
flag, and has beeome the citizen of another coun-
try. What have been his acts and his conduct while
n citizen of that other country? Brought home
because there was a sympathy felt for him in this
kind of ours; brought home for tiie purpose of
savinghisneck—a tiling for which he should luive
■been full of gratitude to the Government of the
United States—what, sir, is his conduct when he
obtains liberty upon l his soil once again ? Instant-
ly he proceeds to levy war, to enroll men, and to
collect arms and all the munitions of war, for the
purpose of using them against a country with
which we arc at peace. 1 have every sympathy for
Walker, and for the gallant spirits who went with
him'to Nicaragua; nevertheless, while I entertain
that sympathy foi him, and for them, and while I
believe that it is entertained by the whole country,
I believe, sir, that it consider* him, not as Gen-
eral Walker, not as the. President of Nicaragua,
but as nothing more or less than ixfilhbuUcr.
Sir, the proceedings of this gentleman in levying
war against Nicai agua were so well known to the
whole country, that it was necessary that instruc-
tions should be given to the district attorneys and
the other officers of this country to watch him,
and to prevent him from carrying on that war
which he was about levying. What does hedo?
He is brought up before a eoiuf in New Orleans
and held to hail, a bail very easily given, because
among his fiionds were men at the North and
elsewhere who had schemes and designs of their
own, and who were able to pay the $2,000 bail
which this gentleman gave. Hut does that stop
his proceedings for a single instant ? Does that
stop his designs for a moment? No, sir, he pro-
ceeds with all his preparations. 1 le carries them
on. He puts his men and arms on board a vessel,
and he puts one of his own officers in the first in-
stance, as I believe the newspapers stated, on
boatd in command of that vessel. Hut when ids'
found that she will not be permitted to sail under
the command of that officer and under the ilag
which he would have been bound to laise, if he
raised any, the officer'is withdrawn, and the
American Hag is run up at the fore, and her reg-
istry and everything of that sort is passed through
the custom-house in proper order.
Sir, the vessel had on boaid the armed men and
the armament of General Walker. ITer clearance
was obtained in fraud of our laws; and when that
vessel left the port of Mobile, as 1 believe she
did, she left in fraud of ouv laws, and evaded
them. It is my opinion that the same law which
was meted out to an American vessel which went
to the coast of Cuba, should have been meted out
to that vessel which was willing to prostitute the
flag of the American Union to'the purposes of
the filibuster, General Walker. I believe that
that vessel should have been seized; I believe she
should have been tried before our courts; I be-
lieve that she subjected herself to forfeiture and
confiscation.
Gentlemen have contended that there is no
power in this Government of the United States to
seize her own citizens even when they are levying
war against a foreign country with which we are
at peace, and when they are not outside of the
marine league, I believe, sir,.in no such doctrine'.
1 behove, so far as regards the duty of this Gov-
ernment towards foreign nations, that it is* the
duty of the President of these United States and
of all the authorities of this Government, under
the law of nations, to restrain our citizens from
any such act. What would be the consequences
if every man who pleased might fit out a vessel,
and like the old vikings of the North, sail out for
the purpose of acquiring territory, and invading
territories with which we are at peace? Would
it not be to involve us, in all probability, in war
with territories with which we are at peace, and
with which we desire to maintain friendly rela-
tions? That would be the direct consequences;
and the duty incumbent upon the authorities of
this Government, under the law of nations, is to
restrain such acts, and for the very reason that
these consequences would be disastrous to our-
selves.
But, sir, it is not the case of a citizen of our
own country that we are considering. It is the
case of a man who is no citizen of ours; who has
no right whatever to appeal to us for any of the
rights of citizenship. He has chosen volunta-
rily to expatriate himself. He has chosen, when
this country had saved his life, when this country
had thrown our broad cegis around him, to save
him from death, to come amongst us and levy
war m breach of the neutrality laws of this coun-
try, if the law of nations did not suffice to pre-
vent him from carrying on such an act. Why,
sir, how does the case of this gentleman differ
from that of Aaron Burr, with the single, sole ex-
ception that Burr was a citizen, and this man was
not a citizen ? So far as the records of the country
show us, there was nothing ever proved against
Aaron Burr making his conduct in the slightest
degree different from the conduct pursued by Gen-
eral William Walker; and yet the name of Aaron
Burr has been handed down to us, as it will be
handed down to after times, coupled with the
epithet of traitor.
Sir, I maintain that it was the duty of the Pres-
ident of the United States to stop this man in the
first instance, from proceeding from our shores,
with his armament against Nicaragua. I main-
tain, sir, that if he had come into this country of
ours, had raised a baud of a hundred men with
, whom ho might seek to attack any city or any
portion of our people, and afterward had gone to
the sea-coast and got himself and men on board
a vessel and sought to escape fiom the penalties
of the laws of the country—I maintain tiiatunder
the law of nations, and without the law of 1818,
the President of the United States might have
directed him to have been followed hyrour ships
of war, and brought back for trial and condemna-
tion, if thrt facts were proved against him. Well,
sir, he breaks not only the law of nations in this
case, but the statute law of the country—the law
of 1818. lie escapes from our shoresunder false
coiois, fraudulently escapes from our shores, and
I maintain that it was not only within the power
and authority, but that it was the duty of the
President to send for him over the high seas, and
have him brought back to this country. I think
that the President stopped at precisely the ri^ht
point, when he stopped atone marine jeague from
I he coast of Nicaragua. I am not in favor, even
for any purpose of our own, of invading the ter-
ritory of another country, even though good may
come from so doing wrong; neither do I under-
stand the President to be in favor of doing any
such thing.
i do not coincide with my honorable friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Groksciick,J although 1 agreed with
him in almost everything else he said, that the
President had the authority to send, or that the
forceof this country, either the Army or Navy, had
the right togouponthe shoresofa foreign country
to execute our laws. But the President does not
go to that extent. He stops at the marine league;
and it is my opinion that under the law of nations,
as well as under the neutrality laws of 1818, he
had the right,*and it was his duty, to have gone
just to that marine league on the shores of Nic-
aragua, and no further. There he went, and
thus far he upholds his officers; he goes no fur-
ther.
But, sir, I have been astonished that men in
this House, while maintaining the rights of this
General Walker; while maintaining 1ns rights,
sometimes as a citizen, and at other times as a
mere man—I say I am astonished at their casting
such censures upon that gallant officer of our
Navy, Commodore Paulding. I care not whether
he be descended from the Paulding who seized
Andre, and refused a bribe of British gold; I care,
not who his father may have been; all I care about,
is the fact that he is an officer of the United States-
Government; that he had the epaulets of that
Government upon his shoulders; and at the very,
day he was denounced in this House, by those
for whom I entertain the highest respect, as having
been guilty of an act of robbery; as having been
a kidnapper; as having been guilty of unofficer-,
like conduct.—that at that very day the flag of his.
country was floating above him; and that, I have
no doubt, had occasion arisen for him to have,
done so, he would have maintained it gallantly
and well, as his father, in the early days of the
Republic, maintained the honor of his country.
Sir, what has Commodore Paulding done ? Up
to the very moment he landed upon the shore
of Nicaragua, he and those with him were fully
borne out to the completest extent by the instruc-
tions of the Government whose officer he was. It
is not necessary for me to refer to those instruc-
tions. It would take more time of this committee
than I chose to consume, but there is no man who
will read those instructions, as given repeatedly
to the officers of that squadron, and other officers
of the United States, who will not agree with me
in saying that up to the moment of landing upon
the shores of Nicaragua, Commodore Paulding
was borne out to the fullest extent by the Exec-
utive of this country. What, then, has he done?
Knowing, sir, the extreme desire of this country
to prevent this waging of war by this filibuster
Walker against Nicaragua, knowing the extreme
desiro of the Government to prevent it, this gen-
tleman, Commodore Paulding, perhaps with an
excess of zeal, landed his men upon the shore
and broke up the expedition.
But, sir, he had some cause to send his men
there to hold this General Walker responsible and
accountable. Look at the letter of Mr. Cilley, a
lieutenant of one of our ships, who went with the
other officers upon the shore, with the uniform
of the United States upon him. He goes there,
as he had a right to go, to the shore of a country
with which we were at peace; and how is he met?
Before his boat reaches the landing even, he is
ordered off. He is told that if he attempts to land
he will be fired upon. The epaulets of our coun-
try were to be fired upon. Our officer,going to a
peaceful shore, was to be fired upon, by the order,
as it was said, of General Walker, the commander
of filibusters.
Sir, if there had, been no other cause for hold-
ing these men to accountability, that, in my hum-
ble opinion, would have been sufficient cause. I
pledge my honor, that if I had been in the position
of Commodore Paulding, and if Walker, or the
citizen of any country, had dared to direct his
men to present their muskets at the bosoms of
my officet s, I would have held him to such terms
as would, perhaps, have saved a good deal of diSr
cussion in this House about him.
But, sir, the President has, m his message, cenr.
sured the conduct of Commodore Paulding. He
has said that that officer committed a grave error.
I agree with the President fully in that. I think
that Commodore Paulding did, perhaps, exceed
his instructions in landing on the shores of Nicr
aragua, and in sending these men home to the
United States. But did he do so like a kidnapper?
Did he do so like a robber? Did he do so like
man conscious that he was doing a villainous act?
t I have no acquaintance with that gentleman, and
I am not here as his special defender. But I say,
sir, that lie acted not as a robber, a kidnapper, or
as a man who was committingavillainous act. He
knew himself fully. He knew well that his zeal
had perhaps carried him beyond his instructions,
and frankly, and m a manner manly, open, and
above-board, he comes out in his letter to the De-
partment and states that he was aware that he
had exceeded his instructions, and that he was
willing to bear such responsibility as the coun-
try—which ought perhaps to be grateful to him— 
might choose to hold him to.
1 think that the censure contained in the Presi-
dent's message is sufficient censure for the con-
ductofCommodore Paulding. I think thatagainst
this little Navy of ours, which ought to be our
pride, and which, in old times, was our pride,
enough has been said. Enough lias been done to
destroy it. Naval courts have been instituted for
that purpose. A Spanish inquisition, almost^has
