1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2387
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with the recommendation that the enact-
ing: clause be stricken out.
Sundry amendments were offered to the bill, by
unanimous consent, by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher,] after the bill was reported
to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that the
motion to strike out the enacting clause cuts off
the amendments.
The SPEAKER. The amendments were re-
ceived by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But I submit that
the amendments could not be entertained with the
motion to strike out the enacting clause pending.
The SPEAKER. Not by unanimous consent?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair differs with the
gentleman.
The enacting clause to the bill was not stricken
out.
Mr. WARD. I demand the previous question
on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendments moved by Mr. Letcher in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Uuion,
and which were cut off by the motion to strike
out the enacting clause, but afterwards renewed
in the House, were severally read, and agreed to.
Mr. CORNING-. Ishould like to know whether
there have been any petitions sent here from the
people of this District in favor of this railrpad;
and whether it is not, in fact, for the benefit of
two or three individuals?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and. being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WARD. I demand the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BISHOP. I move that the bill be laid on
the table. ;
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. ■
A message was received from the Senate, by j
Asbury Dickies, their Secretary, informing "the |
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol- i
lowing titles; in which he was directed to ask the
the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 318) for the relief of Keep, Bard, & ,
Co., J. Canfield, and wJoseph Land is &■ Co.; and ,
An act (No. 287) for the relief of Sherlock &
Shirley.
OHIO CONTEST ED-ELECTION CASE. i
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The hour has ar- I
rived for taking the vote on the Ohio contested- j
election case. j
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Let the pending !
question be disposed of. j
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent j
of the House that the Ohio contested-election case j
be postponed until the pending bill is disposed '
of? !
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object. j
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move, then, that
the House proceed to the consideration of the 1
special order fixed for this hour. i
Mr. WARD. Yesterday and to-day were set 1
apart for the consideration of business pertaining ,
to the District of Columbia. Has it not, there- 1
fore, priority over the special order referred to by ;
the gentleman from Illinois ? .
The SPEAKER. The Ohio contested-election 1
case involves a question of privilege. The Chair ;
is of opinion that where there is a collision be-
tween two special orders, the one first made will ,
take precedence; but, in this instance, the special !
order, appropriating Monday and Tuesday for the |
consideration of business pertaining to the Dis-
trict of Columbia, was made by a two-thirds vote !
under the suspension of the rules; whilst the other I
was made a special order by the unanimous con- ,
sent of the House, and, of course, will take pre- j
cedence where they come in collision.
Mr. STANTON. What becomes of the rail-
road bill? |
The SPEAKER. It will come up again so
soon as this question is disposed of. The first |
question in older is on the following proposition \
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar- j
shall:] j
ik That the papers in the contested-election case of Val- ;
landigham vs. Campbell be, and the same are hereby, re- 1
committed to the Committee of Elections, with instructions
that both parties are permitted, by the House, to take fur-
ther tegtimony, under the regulations of law, on notice, until
the fir^t Monday in December, 1858."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 92, nays 116; as follows:
YEAS—Me?=srs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Buihngame,
Burroughs, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clark B.
Cochiano, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Ciagin, Curtis, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes. Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Dnrfee, Eustis, Farasworth, Fenton, Foster, Oilman,
Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Harlan, J. Mor-
rison Hams, Hoard, Ilorton, Howard, Kelloga, Kelsey,
Ktlgoie, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leiter, Lovefoy, Hum-
phrey Marshatl, Matteson, Morgan, Morrill, Edwaid Joy
Morris, Freeman II. Morse. Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Munay,
Nichols, Palmer, Parker, Petnr, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Pu'r-
viance, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Royce, John
Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stuwait, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Under-
wood, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladei
C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wilson, Wood, and ZollieoftW—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Adram, Ah I, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdale, Bishop, Boeoek, Bonham, Bowie,Boyce,
Bianeh, Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Ca&kie, Cavanaugh, Chap-
man, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Cockerill, Corning, Cox, James Craig, Crawford, Currv,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dewart,
Duiimiek, Dowdel, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner,
Florence. Foley, Garnett, Gaitrell, Gilhs, Goode, Gregg,
Giocsbeck, Lawience W. Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J.Glancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. ICunkel, Lamar, Landy, Law-
rence, Letcher. Maclay, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall,
Mason, Miles, Miller, Millson, Moore, Isaac N. Moiris,Nib-
lack, Peyton, John S Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Quiunan, Read}, Reilly, Rutfin, Ru sell, Satuhdge,
Scales, Scott, Seannu, Sewaid, Aaron Shaw, Ilenrv M.
Shaw, Shoiter, Sinaleton, Robert Smith,Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Stallworth, Stephen-*, Stevenson, James
A. Stewait, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Waid,
Watkm*, White, Window, Woodson, Wortendykc, Au-
gustus II. Wnght, and John V. Wright—116.
So the proposition was disagreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Hall, of Mas-
sachusetts, was detained from the Hall by indis-
position.
Mr. TRIPPE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hill, had paired off on this question with Mr.
McKibbint.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that he had paired off
on this question with his colleague, Mr. Savage.
Mr. TRIPPE stated that on this question he
had paired off with Mr. Reagan-.
Mr. COCKERILL stated that his colleague,
Mr. Pendleton, had paired off with Mr. Davis,
of Maryland.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
The question next recurred on the following
resolution, offered by Mr. Gilmer:
Resolved, That the Hon. Lewis D. Campbell is entitled to
let'iin Ins seat as nieiiibei fium the third eoiigieahiunal dis-
tnct in the State of Ohio to tins Congiess
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 92, nays 316; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Abbott. Andiews, Bennett, Billinglnirst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame,
J>uiiough«, Ca c, Ezra Clark,dawson, Clark B. Cochrane,
Collax, Comins, Covode, Cragm, Curtis, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dur-
fec. Enstis, Farnswoith, Fenton, Foster, Oilman, Gilmer,
Gooeh,Goodwin, Grangei, Grow, Harlan, J. Monison Har-
ris, Ilili, Hoard, Morton, Howard, Kellogg, KeUey, Kilsore,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leiter, Lovejoy, fiumphiev Mar-
shall, Matteson, Morgan. Morrill, Edwaid Joy Morris, Free
nnn II. Mon-e, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Munay, Nieliols,
Palmer, Paiker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance,
Ready, Rieaiul, Ritchie, Robbius, Uobeit>, Royre, John
Sherman. Judson W Sherman, Spinner, Stantim, William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Under-
wood, Wade, Walbndge, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Eihhu B. Washburnc, Israel Washburn, Wil-
son, and Wood—9-3.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Aveiy, Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Bojce,
Branch, Bryan, Burnett-, Burns, Casino, Cavanaugh, Chap-
man, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb. John Cochrane,
CockeuU, Corning, Cox, James Craig, Ciawfoid, Curry,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dcwait,
Dimmiek, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulk-
ner, FlOience, Foley, Gainett, Gartrell. Gtlhs, Goode,
Greenwood. Gregg, Groesbeck. LawreneeW. Hall, Thomas
L. Ilam.-, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
Iluvler, Jackson. Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J.
Glaricy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M Kunkel,
Lamar, Landy, Lawience, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbm,
McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles, Milieu Mill-
son, Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Peyton, John S.
Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitmau,
Reilly, Ruffin, Russell, Sandirige, Scales, Scott, Searing,
Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton,
Robert Smith; Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stall-
worth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Ward, Watkms, White,
Wmslow, Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright, and John V.
Wnght—116.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. CHAFFEE stated that he was out attend-
ing to business of his committee when his name
was called,and asked leave to vote.
Mr. PHILLIPS objected.
Mr. CHAFFEE said that, if allowed to vote,
he would have voted in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The question next recurred'on the following
resolutions, offered by Mr. Lamar:
Resolved, That Lewis D. Campbell is not entitled to a
seat in the Tlmty-Fifth Congress as the Representative
from the third congressional district of Ohio.
Resolved, That Clement L. Vallandigham is entitled to a
seat in the Thirty-Firth Congiess as the Representative
from the third congressional district of Ohio.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MORGAN. Is that proposition divisible ?
The SPEAKER. It is all offered as one amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Which resolution
do we vote on now ?
The SPEAKER. The House votes on the
proposition submitted by the gentleman fiom Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Lamar.]
Mr. HILL. Is it in order to move that the fur-
ther consideration of this question be postponed ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order, as
the House is now acting under the operation of
the previous question.
Mr.' BLAIR. I ask that the original resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,]
to which that is an amendment, be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That a vacancy exists in the representation in
the House of Representatives of the United States fiom the
third congressional district of the State of Ohio, and that
the Speaker be duected to notify the Governor of that State
thereof.
Mr. LETCHER. To simplify the thing, as
the vote has substantially been taken on the first
branch of the amendment, I suggest that now the
vote be taken on the other branch.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the resolution is not divisible.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Itcanbedone
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. HILL. If the amendment be voted down,
will not the question then recur on the adoption
of the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Harris?]
The SPEAKER. It will. The amendment is
to strike out all after the word " Resolved," and
to insert what has been read. If the amendment
be agreed to, then the question will recur on
agreeing to the resolution as amended.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Inasmuch as
the House has already voted on the first branch
of the amendment, I suggest that the vote now b*
on the second branch of it.
The SPEAKER. Unless by unanimous con-
sent, the Chair is of the opinion that the amend-
ment is not divisible. If a division had been asked
for before the call for the previous question, it
would have been in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think that
the Chair's decision is correct. I ask that it be
done by unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 109, nays 103; as follows:
YEAS—Mes-Jis Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery,- - - - - - • " -
Bra
Cockeull, Corning, Cox, James Craig, Crawfoid, Curry, Da-
vidson, Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dnnmick, Dowdell,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Fole,\,
Gainett, Gaitiell, Gilhs, Goode, Greenwood. Giegg, Groe3-
heck, Lawrence \V. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins,.Hopkins, Hous-
ton. Hughes, Huyier, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, J. Glancy
Joiie-.. Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar,
Landy Lawrence, Maclay, McKibbm, xMcCiueen, Mason,
Miles, Miller, Moore,Niblack, Peyton. John S. Phelps, Wil-
liam VV. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Reilly, Ruffin,
Russell.'samlidge, Scales, Scott, Seating, Seward, Henry
M. Shaw, John Sherman, Shortor, Sickle's, Singleton, Sam-
uel A. Smith, William Smith, Stallworth, Stephens, Ste
