1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1363
illustration, that whoever upholds the validity of I
the territorial election of 1856, gives his sanction to j
the test-oaths under which it was held? No candid j
man car) deny the proposition. Those test-oaths i
are known to have kept thousands of conscien- !
tious votersfrom the polls. The free-State party ;
resolved, in consequence of them, to abstain from !
voting; and the result was that the election went
in favor of the pro-slavery party. They had no
occasion to import voters. Their test-oaths were
ail-sufficient to secure them a monopoly of the
elective franchise and an easy triumph.
The Legislature, therefore, which called the
Lecompton convention into being, was elected
under these infamous test-oaths, and owes its pro-
slavery character to them. Withoutthe test-oaths
the result might have been, and probably would
have been entirely different. Yet sir, we hear
South Carolinians foremost in defense of the le-
gitimacy of an election conducted on such prin-
ciples. Sir, they should not forget that4< a rev-
olution of the wheel of fortune, an exchange of
situations is among possible events," and the day
may come when the " poisoned chalice" may be
presented to their lips. A test-oath is a happy
expedient of the central power to get rid of re-
fractory majorities in the States, and give its own
meager handful of friends the control. Sir, I am
very far from threatening such retaliation; I love
liberty not merely for myself and party, but for
ail men. But 1 warn the South, and particularly
South Carolina against the danger of putting this
tremendous weapon of despotism in the hands of
this Federal Government. They should fearand
tremble when they reflect upon their participation I
in these centralizing measures. 1
Test-oaths originated in a barbarous age. They
were invented by religious intolerance and fanat-
icism, and furnished a convenient method for dis-
franchising and crushing minorities. England is
now about to efface the last vestige of them from
her statute-books, by repealing the laws which
exclude the Jews from the rights and privileges
of British subjects. The people of London have,
several times, within the last ten years, sent a
Jew to Parliament, merely as a protest against the
intolerant test-oaths. The House of Commons
lias more than once,indeed, I believe, every time,
signalized its willingness to repeal the test act,
and admit the Baron Rothschild to his seat, but
the House of Lords has shown its characteristic
repugnance to reform by opposing repeal. Every
year, however, their opposition grows weaker,
and if they have not already yielded, it is con-
fidently expected that they will do so at no dis-
tant day. Sir, the House of Lords is a heredi-
tary body, and clings with tenacity Fo whatever
is arbitrary and illiberal; but it dare not resist the
persistent demands of the British people for re-
form. It has always yielded—generally at the
eleventh hour and with a bad grace—to the stern
voice of the people, spoken through the Com-
mons.
And, sir, shall republican America, in the latter
half of the nineteenth century, transplant this relic
of barbarism and intolerance to the New World,
after it has been discarded by monarchical Eng-
land? Sir, slavery is itself a relic of barbarism.
It has no element of freedom or justice in it; but
its friends pretend that it only affects the rights
of black men; that white men are all the more free
for holding black men in slavery. There never
was a grosser fallacy. There can be no freedom
where slavery is, for master or slave; for white
men or black. It is itself the essence of injustice,
and can only he maintained by illiberal and in-
tolerant laws. It will not bear scrutiny, and there-
fore it becomes necessary to pass laws, such as I
have quoted from the code of Kansas, and such
as are to be found in the codes of all the slave
States, forbidding, under heavy pains and penal-
ties, any denial of the right to hold slaves. It
must have test oaths, in order to disfranchise
every man who dares to question, even in his
heart of hearts, the justice of the system. In a
word, slavery demands the same despotic regula-
tions for its support which Louis Napoleon and
the Czar of Russia find necessary to the mainte- !
nance of their tyranny. i
The Lecompton convention was called into ex- I
istence by this test-oath Legislature. Its parents '
were ruffianism and fiaud. It was literally con- i
ceived in sin and brought forth in iniquity. What j
could we expect of such a convention but an off- '
spring like itself, a foul and deformed monster,
abhorred and hated of honest men ?
It is true that the test oaths were repealed by
the Legislature which called the convention into
existence; but other precautions were taken to
stifle the voice of the majority, and secure an easy
victory to the pro-slavery party, even if the peo-
ple had thought proper to vote.
In the first place, the Legislature authorized a
census to be taken, and a registry of voters, which
was very imperfectly performed in any part of the
Territory, so far as the free-State party were con-
cerned; while the greatest care was taken to re-
gister every pro-slavery man who had ever paid a
casual visit to the Territory, or employed a proxy
to stake out a " claim." In addition to this, about
half the counties, containing an almost unanimous
anti-slavery population, were entirely neglected by
the census-takers, and were denied any shadow
of representation in the convention. A second
and still stronger guarantee of success was the fact
that the appointment of judges of the election was
made by the Legislature from the most reckless
and unscrupulous tools of the slavery faction, and
the poll-books made returnable, not to the Gov-
ernor, but to the Speakers of the two Houses, in
whom the people had not the slightest confidence.
Under such circumstances it would have been the
excess of folly on the part of the free-State men
to participate in the election. But lastly, and
above all, the people of Kansas regarded the Le-
gislature which called the convention into being
as a foul usurpation, which they would not have
tolerated in their midst but for the support it re-
ceived from the central despotism here at Wash-
ington.
Thelastelection of aTerritorial Legislaturetook
place in October. We are all familiar with its his-
tory. The free-State party had now become too
strong to be overawed by ruffian invaders from
Missouri; and, as a consequence, the slavery des-
peradoes were compelled to resort to new tactics.
In the first election, of March, 1855, their rcliance
was upon force. They scarcely condescended, at
that stage of the struggle, to perpetrate frauds, ex-
cept such as were as bold and barefaced as the vio-
lence which accompanied them. In 1856, their rela-
tive strength was considerably impaired, and force
and fraud were united; while m 1857 their weak-
ness was so conspicuous, that they abandoned :
force, except in a few localities, and relied almost j
exclusively upon the most despicable fraud and I
perjury. The ruffians have been completely trans- I
formed into knaves; and the people, who have ]
grown too strong to be kept down by force, are '
to be cheated of their rights by the forgery of dec-!
tion returns, and the perjury of officials.
We all recollect how the consummation of this
crime was prevented by the integrity of Governor
Walker and Secretary Stanton, in the rejection of
the Oxfofd and McGee county frauds; and we all
know the reward they received at the hands of
President Buchanan. Fordoing what any honest
man would have done, Governor Walker was de-
nounced by the pro-slavery press of the country
in the most unmeasured terms, and was censureel
and frowned upon by the Administration, until
self-respect compelled him to resign. Secretary i
Stanton, partly for his participation with Walker I
in the rejection of the Oxford frauds, and partly j
for calling an extra session of the free-State Le-!
gislatuie, has been unceremoniously dismissed. !
Two more elections remain to be noticed. I j
allude to those of the 21st December and the 4th j
of January. The first of these elections was called ,
by the Lecompton conspirators in order to gloss !
over their treasonable work by tricking the people I
into its adoption. Instead of submitting the whole J
constitution to the popular vote, which would ;
have been the most easy and natural, as well as the 1
only fair and legitimate proceeding, they submit- ■
ted a single clause for tiie people's ratification or ,
rejection, on condition of their voting for ell the -
other clauses. Can any good reason be offeied
for this discrimination r Have not the people the
same right to vote for or against the whole con-
stitution that they have to vote upon a part of it ?,
Sir, the members of the convention had the frank- '
ness to tell whv they declined to submit the whole '
constitution. They acknowledged that they with- ,
held it because they were aware that the people
would vote it down; and incredible as the fact
may seem, the official organ of Mr. Buchanan— ;
the Washington Union—had the coolness to jus- 1
tify them on that ground I Sir, call you this De-
mocracy? No, sir; no, sir; it is the essence of
whatever is mean, odious, and tyrannical. Every
honest man will detest the vile hypocrisy which
attempts to cloak its despotic purposes under such
disguises.
Ihe terms of this pretended submission of the
slavery clause to the popular ratification required
that all who voted at ail, whether for or against
the slavery clause, mustvote for the constitution.
They must vote " for the constitution with sla-
very, or" forthe constitution without slavery."
Is it not clear that the object of the convention was
to extort an indorsementof the constitution from
those who were opposed to it, or compel them to
refrain from voting? This dishonorable expe-
dient originated in the same spirit with that tfhich
originated the test oaths—a desire to disfranchise
all who were opposed to slavery and to the rule
of the usurpers. No conscientious opponent of
the constitution could vote at all; and the result
was that the border ruffians and Federal stipen-
diaries had everything their own way.
But, sir, the question of the existence of slavery
was really never submitted to the vote of the people
at all. The pretended submission only amounted
to this: shall Kansas exclude the further intro-
duction of slaves? A separate clause of the con-
stitution guaranties a perpetual right of sl#vehold-
ern in the slavesalready in the Territory, whatever
might be the result of the vote upon the clause
submitted for their ratification; and the vain at-
tempt is made to bind future generations for all
time to the maintenance of slavery. The people
are permitted to alter their constitution after the
year ISGi, provided that the clause securing a per-
| petual nght to hold slaves is never to be touched!
| Such, sir, is the " popular sovereignty" which
j Mr. Buchanan wishes secured to the people of
I Kansas. They may exclude the introduction of
: more slaves, provided they will vote for the per-
petuation of the slavery already in existence, and
the perpetual right to buy, sell, and breed from the
stock already on hand ! They may even alter the
constitution after the year 1864,provided that this
sacred right of holding, buying,seiling,and breed-
ing from those in the Terrritory at the time of its
admission into the Union, is nevcrto be interfered
with ! Sir, 1 should have held the Lecompton
convention and the Administration in more re-
spect if they had adhered to their first resolution,
which was, not to submit the consultation, or any
part of it, to the popular vote. Tyranny awakens
our abhorrence, but fraud and jugglery excite
contempt.
Thf convention ordered another election to take
place on the 4th of January, under this Lecomp-
ton constitution, for State officers, State Legisla-
ture, and a member of Congress; and in the mean
time the newly elected free-State Legislature met
in a called session, which proceeded to order an
election to take place also on the 4th of January,
upon the question of ratifying or rejecting the
constitution. We have heard the result of this
election. More than ten thousand freemen of
Kansas cast their votes against the constitution
in all its parts; while on the 21st December only
six thousand voted for the constitution with sla-
very; and of these it has been ascertained that
fully half were fraudulent. We have, therefore,
ten thousand against the constitution, and three
thousand for it; and yet, in the face of these in-
disputable facts, the administration of Mr. Buch-
anan, backed by what is called the Democratic
party, are endeavoring to force Kansas into the
Union under the Lecompton constitution. Sir,
the history of the worst ages of the world will
furnish no more glaring invasion of the rights of
I a free people. The partition of Poland and the
| subjugation of Hungary by the despots of Rus-
j sia and Germany, were not more flagrant acts of
j tyranny.
■ As to the election, on the 4th of January, for
State officers, State Legislature, and member to
Congress, we are not permitted to know the re-
sult to this day, on any reliable authority. The
president of the convention, who is, at the same
tipn-, surveyor general of Kansas—a Federal offi-
cial, who holds his place at the pleasure of the
Administration—was authorized by the conven-
tion to receive and count the votes, and dec'are
the result. In concert with the Administration,
and doubtless by its command, he has held back
the certificates of election in order to be ready for
