1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*.
iff
been placed over its officers. Many of them, gal-
lant and true, have been degraded from the posi-
tions which they held. I am gratified, however,
that many of them have been, at last, restored
to the positions which they deserved to hold. I
am not in favor of attacking any further the esprit
de corps of this Navy of ours. I am proud of our
Navy. I glory in the gallant men who expose
their lives to the tempest and to the waves in up-
holding the flag of their country. I glory in those
inen. Although I come from the far West, where
the plow, not the anchor, is our emblem, they
will always find in me a defender.
Sir, I am opposed altogether to this system of
private warfare which is now attempted to be in-
itiated in the history of the country. There are
three modes of private warfare, to all of which,
and to each of which, I am opposed. There is
piracy on the high seas, to which every civilized
man is opposed. There is buccaneering—a sys-
tem under which, in that barbarous age, men
thoughtthey could prey upon the Spanish Main
and rob the Spanish-American towns. They at-
tacked the towns for the purpose of robbery, and
not for the purpose of holding them. Then,
again, there is this system of filhbusterism, which
I conceive to be a relic of the dark ages. Under
this system, men set out in their own ships, and
with their own armaments, to take countries, not
merely to rob them, but to hold them as conquer-
ors. I am opposed to all this system. I believe
that whenever we shall need Central America, or
any portion of it, we have it within our grasp,
and can take it. 1 believe that the proper means
of civilizing these semi-barbarous lands is by
emigration, peaceful emigration—not that emi-
gration where the musket and bayonet are mthe
hands of the emigrant. Peaceful emigration is
the proper course. When the day shall arrive
that any portion of the fair and sunny South, from
Cuba to the remotest province of Central Amer-
ica, is necessary to this nation, let the flag of the
Union be thrown out, and there will be volunteers
enough to march under it and take whatever may
be thought necessary for us to have. For my
-part, I will march under no flag but the flag of
the Union. I will keep step to no music but the
music of the Union.
Sir, as to the resolutions before the committee,
I have no objection to them. I havo no objec-
tion to the reference of the President's message,
or of any part of it, to the appropriate committees.
I have not the slightest objection to the lefcrence
of the whole subject of the neutrality laws to a
proper committee. I carc not much whether it
oe to one of the standing committees of the Mouse,
or to a select committee. I am not prepared to
say to what extent I would uphold the present
neutrality laws of the country. I do not tlunk it
nccessary now to express any opinion in refer-
ence to that, further than I have done. At a
'proper time and in a proper place I may again ask
'leave of the House to express the views which I
entertain on that subject. 1 have accomplished
all I intended to do now. I have, feebly, 1 know,
but to the best of my humble ability, attempted
to sustain the President of the United States in
the views he has taken, and I have attempted to
vindicate the honor of the epaulets and of the flag
of this country. In doing that, I feel that I have
only done a duty which I owe to myself, and
which I owe to the constituency which I have the
honor to represent.
Mr. POTTLE. Mr. Chairman, in the remarks
I design submitting m the short time which I shall
detain the House, I will not attempt to go into
the great questions of national or international
law which are involved in this discussion. They
'have already been ably presented fiom both sides
'of this House—I should add, from all sides of
the House, for we have already learned that the
present House of Representatives has more than
two sides upon this and all other questions. Nor
do I intend to go over the grounds which have
•been so ably presented during this debate, as to
the technical rights of Commodore Pauldingin the
, arrest of William Walker. I am satisfied to put
that question in this discussion upon that high
"ground where I have no doubt it will be found
'when the excitement of the hour and the feelings
'which have been engendered by persons not al-
together disinterested in this question shall have
"passed away, and when Commodore Paulding's
acts sliall be tried by that great public conscience
which sooner or later must try all these questions,
and render a decision by which all of us must
sooner or later stand or fall. Sir, I venture the
prediction, that with all right-minded men, with
all disinterested, right-thinking men, there is at
this time but one feeling in regard to this arrest,
and that is a feeling of satisfaction that William
Walker has been arrested in his career of crime,
and that Commodore Paulding in this respect has
only done what his country's honor and the laws
of nations demanded.
_ I think that the satisfaction which we all feel in
view of that fact will not be damped by any mere
technicalities that may be raised in regard to his
right to perform this service for the country. I
am well aware that such technicalities can be
raised. I know that technically I have no right
to cast a bucket of water upon the flame which
the incendiary has applied to my neighbor's dwell-
ing. But in an instance like that I should hardly
stop to inquire what were precisely my technical
rights. I should proceed to do what good con-
science, good neighborhood, and good citizenship
required mo to do in the premises, and should trust
that my neighbor would not complain of the act.
I certainly, sir, should not admit the incendiary
to complain of me in his name. So, sir, in regard
to Commodore Paulding; whatever technical doubt
there may be in regard to the construction of the
instructions given him, all practical men will ap-
plaud the act, and will certainly deny the right of
Walker to complain in the name of Nicaragua,
and will say that in this matter the commodore
has performed his part to sustain thathonor which
has been badly damaged by filibustering expedi-
tions within the last few years.
Sir, I heartily concur with the President in the
view which he has taken of the honest intention
of Commodore Paulding, and of the necessity of
maintaining our neutrality laws; and in that view
I will endeavor to sustain him as far as I can, even
against his own friends, if it shall become neces-
sary.
But, sir, that is not the point upon which I pro-
pose to address this committee. There is another
point involved in this discussion, which has been
but briefly spoken to by any gentleman. It seems
to be taken for granted, upon a] I sides of the House,
that wc are to proceed with this process of Amer-
icanizing Central America; and it is upon that
question that I desire to make some remarks. I
desire, sir, to enter my protest against any such
system of Americanization. It is true that it has
been advocated by gentlemen upon all sides of the
House, but I shall nevertheless enter my protest
against it until I shall learn by what right we pro-
pose to Ameiicanize CeutuJ Amcnca, and what
are the precise purposes and objects to be accom-
plished by this " Americanization."
1 wish to know, in the first place, by what right
wc propose to nmder this service to our south-
ern neighbors? Have they invited us to Amer-
icanize theirinstitutions? I concede fully the im-
portance of the transit loute; I concede the value
of Central America; 1 concede that it is a country
which it would be exceedingly convenient for us
to possess; but I deny that, because it would be
advantageous to us to lay hands upon the prop-
erty of our neighbors, we should, therefore, be
justified in so doing. I submit that there are no
rights which it is necessary for us to posses? in
Central America which cannot be obtained by
purchase, by treaty, or by some means far enough
removed from any of these filibustering projects.
I dissent in toto from all these projects to Amer-
icanize the central or southern portion of this con-
tinent.
And then, sir, I desire to know distinctly, from
gentlemen advocating- these projects, precisely
what this Americanization is to be. Sir, if the
Americanization of this or any territory is to be
to give it the institutions manifestly existing al-
ready in fifteen of the States of this Union, and
which the executive and judicial departments of
this Government have declared to extend by the
Constitution over all the Union, then I have to
say, as an individual member of this body, I trust
in God the last foot of this continent has been
Americanized that ever will be 1
A Membei. Amen!
Mr. POTTLE. This species of Americaniza-
tion has already produced results which are ap-
parent, and which no gentleman can mistake, if
he will but open his eyes to the events that arc
transpiring. Sir, before wc induce any other,
country or people to accept this sort of American-
ization, it may be well to inform them of the dif-
ference between our institutions, theoretically, aS;
contained in the Declaration of Independence a$d
in the Constitution of the United Suites, and a#
they are at this time^practicaliy illustrated- It
would be well to inform them that v&fch us free-
dom means human bondage; the right of tJh§ ma*
jority to rule means the right of a conservatory
minority to control and take care of " factious"
majorities, and make for them unalterable con-
stitutions; that guarding the ballot-box means
simply to surround it with ruffians and bayonets^
driving from it honest and legal votes, ana filling
the poll-list with names copied from old direct-
ories in their stead. These are the things that
they should be informed of, as a part of the Amer-
icanizing process which we are to give them.
Then, sir, youshouldgo further than this,and
inform them that the practical workings of this
Americanization in the States where it has been
adopted has not only been a curse to the very soil
where it had been adopted; that it has exhausted
and rendered the most fertile region of the eatt&:
almost a barren waste; that its effects have bee#
to degrade labor, to prevent the development of
the resources of the country, to deny intelligence
not only to the slaves, but, as a nccessary eonsc-?
quence, to the laboring whites; that it breaks up
social relations, deprives labor of the result p'filji
own toil, and sets at naught not only all laws
of political economy, but all laws of justice an$
morality. Inform them that the practical opera*-
tion of this peculiar Americanization which gen-
tlemen arc seeking, has been to reduce millions,
not of slaves, but white men, to a degradation
upon which even the slaves look down with con-
tempt. This has been the Americanizing proqess
which has of late been going on in this country^
and if this be the process which is intended for
Central America, then I repeat again, that for one,
though I stand alone, I enter my protest against it.
What arc the arguments which have beeri
brought forward by gentlemen on both sides of
the House in regard to this matter, and the pro:
cess by which it is to be accomplished ? My col-
league [Mr. Haskin] tells us that it is to be don$
by a system of grand larceny, carried on by the
Government. I do not know that I am justified
in saying this, after the gentleman's explanation^
but if I understand his explanation made yester-
day, m effect that he has looked at the statute an4
found that larceny relates to personal property,
and is not applicable to real estate, and, therefore,
he was not in favor of larceny, but was, never-
theless, in favor of putting in operation the prin-
ciples of the Ostend manifesto; that he was in
favor of the acquisition of this territory by the
direct action of the Government, and not by such
petty-larceny expeditions as this of Walker's^
that he was not m favor of that kind of larceny
for which he could be indicted, and that in what
he said he but spoke the sentiments of the Presi-
dent, put forth in the special message; that the
President had but elaborated the gentleman's
idea in this matter; with all deference to my col-
league, and with no unkind feeling towards him,
I must say that when he stated that he spoke for
the Democracy of New Ydrk when he said he
was in favor of putting into operation the doc-
trines of the Ostend manifesto, and of national
grand larceny in relation to Central America,
carried on under the auspices of the Government,
I doubted that he spoke the sentiments of the
Democracy of the North; and I doubted st|JI
more when the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr*
Adraint] got up and repudiated that doctirine whef
half of the northern Democracy; and I mustdoubt
that he speaks by authority of the President, or
that his plan and the President's are the same-—
now thatweareinformed whatthehonorablemem-
ber's plan really is. And I regretted thiat he un-
dertook to shield himself from the remarks whicJi
his ingenious plan lias provoked, 6y the common,
but hardly commendable plan of charging them
with those things which he had volunteered to
profess himself in favor of. I dare say no one
understood the gentleman as meaning more than
that he was in favor of expeditions carried on
directly by the Government, to accomplish what
Walker was attempting in another way.
But, sir, I do not believe that wc have fallen to
a point so low as tfcis would seem to indicate. I
