1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 25,
any emergency. If the prospect seems fair that
Kansas is to be admitted into the Union under
the Lecompton constitution, without serious op-
position, we are given to understand that thfcpro-
slavery paity has tiiumphed. If, on the other
hand, the fate of the swindle grows doubtful, we
hear intimations thrown out through the organs
of the Administration that the free-State candi-
dates are to receive the certificates. We have re-
cently seen m the newspapers a letter from Cal-
houn, stating that he has such information from
the Territory as will induce him to give the cer-
tificates to a majority of free-State men. But his
information is unofficial. He has not heard from
Governor Denver; and the fraud once consum-
mated here, il is not at all improbable that the of-
ficial count might foot up quite differently. It is
to be remarked, also, that this letter, whiclf will
pave the way for a few doubtful northern votes,
says not a word about the State officers, and mem-
ber of Congress.
Sir, I have no faith in this letter. I will not
believe that the majority has been given to the
free-State party, until 1 hear it on undoubted au-
thority from Kansas. This knavish juggle, this
thimble-rigging, has been continued too long to
impose upon the public. !
1 regard the Administration as being equally !
responsible with Calhoun for the outrageous vio- j
lation of all law and precedent, all justice aridde- j
cency, in this matter. He is their creature, hold- ]
ing a high and valuable office at their hands; and j
he would not have dared thus to trifle with the ;
rights of Kansas if he had not been encouragcd j
in it by his official superiors. The Administra- 1
tion is determined on securing two more United
States Senators to bolster up their tottering des-
potism, and the whole history of their career proves
that they will scruple at nothing—yes, sir, liter-
ally nothing—which may secure success.
Such, Mr. Chairman, has been the history of
44 popular sovereignty " under the administrations
of Franklin Pierce and James Buchanan. They
have " held the word of promise to the car, and ,
broken it to the hope." They never intended 1
that the people should be " perfectly fi ec" to form ,
their own institutions, unless they should include .
slavciy among them. ff the people had been !
unanimous for slavery, there would have been no 1
interference on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment,because there would have been no necessity
for it; but, as the most unmistakable indications
were given that a majority of the people were op-
posed to slavery, and if left to themselves would .
exclude it, all the power and influence of the Fed- 1
eral Government have been employed to defeat the j
popular will, not by a legitimate use of executive !
influence, but by stimulating ruffianism, murder,
fraud, and peijury; by the appointment of the
most notorious murderers and scoundrels to office,
and by putting arms into their hands with which
to murder and rob the free-State men.
The Government is the creature of the slave
power. A Senator, in the other wing of the Cap-
itol, has had the frankness to admit that the South
has ruled the country almost from the origin of
the Government. Sir, nothing could be truer;
and I with humiliation confess that the southern
supremacy has never been so complete under
a southern President as it has been under the
last and present Administrations, when northern
men have nominally piesided at the White
House.
The present incumbent of the presidential of-
fice is reported to have said, many years ago,
that, if he had a drop of Democratic blood in his
veins, he would let it out. I am not aware that
the fact was ever tested by a resort to the San-
grado practice; but the history of his life has su-
perseded all necessity for surgery. He clung to
the old Federal paity until it broke down, and
then unceremoniously marched over to the ene-
my. From that time forward we have seen him
trimming between the extremes of North and
South, until he ascertained that the slave interest
predominated in the Democratic party. From
the date of that discovery he at once threw him-
self into the arms of the slavery propagandists;
and to-day his position is more ultra southern
than that of Mr. Calhoun was at the day of his
death. And the history of his Administration,
particularly with reference to Kansas, has re-
moved every suspicion that he has either honest
Democratic blood or northern blood in his veins.
Sir, he belongs to the genus Dough-face—a name
invented by John Randolph, of Roanoke, to char-
acterize the northern champions of slavery; and
that term implies the absence of blood of any
kind.
The position of the Republican party with ref-
erence to " popular sovereignty," or the right of
the people of a Territory to make their own laws
is, in my view, the only one compatible with the
Constitution and with common sense. Wo hold
that territorial sovereignty is subordinate to Fed-
eral authority; that it is absurd to suppose that
the first handfull of men—five hundred or five
thousand—who arrive in a Territory like Kansas,
of more than a hundred thousand square miles,
have an exclusive right to fix its fundamental
laws for all time, without the consent of Congress.
They have no right, for instance, to form a State
government, and to define it>? boundaries, without
the consent of Congress. Common sense dictates
that Congress should first pass an enabling act,
setting forth the number of inhabitants requisite
to form the State, the territorial extent of the
State,and its boundaries. Can there beany ques-
tion on this point> May five hundred men erect
themselves into a State, with an area of five hun-
dred thousand square miles? The ideaisutteily
preposterous; but admit the principle of territo-
rial sovereignty, and this conclusion follows.
But while we insist upon the right of Congress
to legislate for the Territories, we admit that this
right may be waived. The people of the Territo-
ries may be invested with the privilege of making
laws for themselves as Kansas has been; and we
insist that they shall enjoy the right thus guar-
antied to them by the organic act, without exec-
utive intermeddling. We deny their right to come
into the Union whenever they think proper, and
on any terms, but we admit their right to present
themselves foradmission. The Republican party
has been the bulwark of practical popular sov-
ereignty in Kansas since the organization of the
tenitonal government; and we hail with joy the
recent demonstrations of a large wing of the De-
mocracy in favor of this principle. We extend
to them the right hand of fellowship, and shall be
happy to cooperate with them in any measures
for vindicating the perfect freedom of the people
m the formation of their own institutions in their
own way.
Sir, if the Government were placed in the hands
of honest and fair men, I should have little appre-
hension of seeing slavery extended,even without
a resort to congressional prohibition. There was
a time when the tendency was to expand slavery
faster than freedom; but that time is past. At
the period of the organization of the Government
there were twelve States of the Union which tol-
erated slavery, and only one from which it was
excluded. In six of those States sluveiy was an
interest of prime importance; and nearly ihe whole
territory of the Union lay contiguous to them.
New England and New York had no frontier Ter-
ritories bordering upon them; and only Pennsyl-
vania, of all the States then comparatively, now
entirely free, had a direct outlet into the wilder-
ness beyond its western borders. Inconsequence
of this state of things, and of the peculiar nature
j of slavery, we have seen Kentucky and Tennes-
i see spring into existence before Ohio; and from
i that time forwaid, down to 1850, slavery spread
more rapidly and widely than freedom. Since
■ that period, the tables have been turned. Up to
J850, the number of free and slave States was
j equal. California turned the scale m favor of free-
! dom; and now we have no less than three more
| free States ready for admission into the Union,
j One of them we have seen a party which styles
' itself Democratic, with a northern President at its
i head, attempt to smuggle into the Union under a
[ slave constitution, concocted by corrupt Federal
| officials and other unscrupulous ruffians, but every
I man in the country knows that Kansas is practi-
! cally free, and determined to remain so. Sir,
: nothing ran prevent Kansas from becoming a free
State of the Union in twelve months or two years,
together with Minnesota and Oregon.
Of the fifteen slave States, Delaware is one,
| with not more slaves in it than are to be found on
some of the largest plantations of the South. The
j people arc anxiously looking about them for the
i means of removing the last vestige of the institu-
■! tion; and we may set Delaware down as praeti-
i cally free. Missouri, too, is one of the fifteen
slave States. Her slave population is considera-
ble, buther white population is ten times more
numerous; her territory is as large as Great Brit-
am, and the tide of white immigrants now flow-
ing into the State is rapidly dwarfing the relative
importance of slavery. It is believed that us ac-
tual strength will for the same reason decline, the
slaveholders being induced toemigrate South with
their slaves, by disgustandirritation at the marked
change in public sentiment which has resulted
from the influx of white population. As an in-
dex of the rising free sentiment in that State, I
might point to the presence in this House of the
distinguished Representative from St. Louis. Pic
will doubtless have sympathizing colleagues in
the next Congress.
Maryland is another of the fifteen slave States.
It is now in a false position. It has no use for
slaves in any point of view. It is a commercial
and manufacturing, as well as agricultural State.
Tt lies in the latitude of Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois, and has no more need of negro slaves than
those States. Its slave population has been de-
clining for fifty yeais. It had more slaves when
the first census was taken, in 1790, than at the
last, in 18f>0; and in the mean time, its/white pop-
ulation has increased several fold. It has a city
of two hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants,
which, in fifteen or seventeen years, will number
half a million. That city, and the whole tier of
northern counties, Eire nearly rid of slavery, and
are becoming averse to the institution. They
embrace three fourths of the population" of the
State, and are growing every day more and more
conscious of their strength. It is not to be credited
that a barbarous and worn-out institution will bb
permitted to fetter the energies of such a popula-
tion many yoais longer.
Sir, I have pointed to the fact that, at the time
of the formation of the constitution, nearly the
whole of our western Territories lay contiguous
to the southern States, while only a portion of
one noithern State was in actual contact with
them. From northern Virginia, on the fortieth
parallel of latitude, down to the line of Florida, the
South was bounded westwai'dly by vacant Ter-
ritories stretching to the Pacific ocean. The North
then literally had no West, except the strip of
land between the. northern line of Virginia and
Lake Erie. Now, how changed ! The free States
arc now in close proximity to nearly every foot
of valuable territory in the Union; while the South
has, in the progress of events, been shut off from
it. We have twelve degrees of western front,
commencing with the southern boundary of Kan-
sas and running up to the forty-ninth parallel.
This includes, and secures to us beyond contin-
gency, all the territory east of the Rocky Mount-
ains, except a strip about two hundred miles
wide, west of Arkansas, which has been dedicated
to the Indian tribes. Beyond the Rocky Mount-
ains we have California, Oregon, and Washing-
ton Territories; in a word, the whole Pacific coast.
Utah and New Mexico aro cold, mountainous,
or desert regions, and hold out no strong induce-
ments to emigrants from any quarter; but arc en-
tirely unsmted for slavery. They arc to become
the great breakwater of the emigrant tide, and
are destined at no distant day to turn it back upon
Missouri, the Indian Territory, Arkansas, Ken-
tucky, and, in a word, upon the. whole northern
tier of slave States. The fertile region of Kansas
is said by Fremont, Emory, and other exphners,
to extend not more than two hundred and fifty
miles beyond the Missouri frontier. The emi-
grant crop of the North, and of Europe, will in a
very few years occupy this ground, and fi om that
time we may date the k> friendly invasion" of the
more northern slave States, including Maryland
and Virginia. Sir, the day of their Regeneration
is not distant.
The fhends of slavery talk of opening the In-
dian Temtovy to the settlement of white men,
in order to convert it into one or more slave States.
Well, let them try it; we shall be ready for them.
The Indian Territory adjoins Kansas on the south,
and it will be a comparatively easy task to rescue
it from slavery. Kansas itself was entirely cut
off from the free States by Missouri; and its most
fertile portions were in immediate contact with
the most populous slavehoidmg counties of that
State. The Indian Territory, on the contrary,
is bounded as well by the free State of^Kansas as
by the slave State of Arkansas; and it is a fact,
