278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
do not believe that it is now to be proclaimed upon
the floor of Congress, with the sanction of the
Executive of this great nation, that because we
we strong and our neighbors are weak, therefore
we are to take possession of what belongs to them
without right, or the pretense of right, for so doing.
But, sir, I am opposed to both of those means of
aggrandizement. I am opposed to the plan itself,
and it does not commend itself any more favor-
ably to me after it has been put forth from another
point of view, and painted in the rainbow tints
of my honorable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Thayer.] But, sir, I should be doing less than
justice to the gentleman from Massachusetts if I
did not say, that I know that in his scheme of
Americanization, this system of human bondage
is excluded; and further, that it is intended for the
very purpose of breaking the shackles of mankind.
While I know this, I dissententirely from the gen-
tleman's opinions in regard to this matter. I can
look forward with him in a fancy sketch to the
time when, by the aid of steam-engines, a nation
maybe born in a day; but before I embark in this
organized emigration, I must inquire what is to be
the effect of this unlimited territorial aggrandize-
ment which seems to be indicated by the gentle-
man's scheme and by the President's message.
I recollect full well the beginning of this territo-
rial aggrandizement. J recollect how hard I fought
against it when the country was asked to take
Texas from the Government to which it belonged,
and toannex it to this country. I then predicted,
and so did thousands of others, what would be the
natural result of all such projects; but we were
overborne by public sentiment, and the scheme
was successful. Without stopping to detail its
progress we know how it led to the Mexican war,
how it found us, and how it has left us. It found
us a Government at peace with other nations; it
found us a nation where, with all our wide-spread
interests, a common brotherhood was acknowl-
edged and felt, with political sentiments that found
a response in every section of the Union. How
has it left us ? It has left us with sentiments so
entirely at war that no system of policy can satisfy
all sections, 110 plalfoun of principles can har-
monize us. It found us, as a nation, safe, tran-
quil, firm in our integrity; and it has left us not
only at war with one another, but in such a state
that I am afraid I should he justified in saying
that there are those upon this'floor who not only
look for the downfall of the Union, but who seek
it by this very system of territorial aggrandize-
ment. It has already extended our frontier so
that no power is adequate to guard it in time of
war; no policy which can be devised can harmo-
nize it in time of peace. Yet gentlemen upon all ]
aides seem to agree that this system is to go 011
until the whole continent shall be absorbed. i
My friend from Massachusetts is not willing ]
to wait ordinary opeiations of these events, but
wants to apply to them the accelerating power of
steam. He is anxious to have " nations born in
a day;" to rise up, as it were, in the twinkling of
an eye. I sympathize with him 111 the condition
in which he is placed, "crowded up between the
Atlantic ocean and the Rocky Mountains." I
know that he needs room and breathing space,
and that he is anxious to put in operation this
great scheme of colonization, of which I believe
he is the author, and which I confess, in a cer-
tain direction, has wrought mighty results, as I ;
trust, for good. I can sympathize with the gen-
tleman; but before lie rushes out of the country
to get breathing space, before he rushes into the
territories of nations with which we are at peace,
and that, too, without invitation, may we not
reasonably ask of him to wait a little, end to see
how his scheme works in Americanizing Virginia,
and restoring that honored Commonwealth to that
prosperity of which her own unwise institutions
have deprived her? The work is every way a
worthy one, and in its accomplishment "the gen-
tleman not only has my warmest wishes, but the
hopes and prayers of thousands for his success. !
If he shall succeed in Americanizing Virginia, !
may we not further ask him to try to do the same
with the other States of the Union, where it is so !
much needed; and then, sir, there will yet be left [
to him all our vast Territories for operation. Is
it unreasonable to ask him to do this? And, in j
relation to this crowded condition, which is suf- |
focating my friend, may I not go further,and ask i
him at least to wait until he can count the number
of inhabitants on a square mile in any State of
the Union, by the whole man, and not be driven
to speak of the fractional parts of a man to the
square mile, as he was compelled to do the other
day. I honor the motives and feelings of my
friend, yet I trust he will not be offended when I
tell him that his scheme, and the scheme of my
colleague over yonder, are, in my mind, but dif-
ferent features of the same filibustering spirit
which makes us a terror to our neighbors, and has
run this Government upon dangerous rocks, and
which will yet run it upon rocks which will ut-
terly wreck it, unless it shall be abandoned. I
admit there is a wide difference in these features.
Those presented by the honorable gentleman are
attractive; those by my colleague hateful; but they
accomplish the same subjugation of the country,
whether it be by conquest or by organized emigra-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should be glad if
the gentleman from New York will inform the
committee if he ever knew a great nation which
was not a filibuster?
Mr. POTTLE. I can answer the gentleman in
a single word. I never knew a great nation, in
the true sense of the word, which was not a just
nation, and willing to observe not only the rights
of a great nation, but also of the smaller nations
around it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man, taking his own definition, if he ever knew
a just nation ?
Mr. POTTLE. I trust we shall now be a just
nation in this matter; and it is for the very pur-
pose that my posterity, that the gentleman's pos-
terity, and that those who read the future history
of this country, may know us a just nation, that
I insist that we shall not wrest power from our
neighbors, either by conquest or organized emi-
gration; and I insist that the present generation
shall set an example of justice in regard to this
matter. Now, I ask the gentleman if he ever knew
a nation truly great, 111 the highest sense of that
term, that did not respect with more scrupulous-
ness the rights of a weaker nation than it did the
rights of its peers?
But, sir, I obtained the floor to address this
committee with the expectation that I should be
brief; and I will bring my remarks upon this
branch of the subject to a close. I sought nothing
more than to enter my protest, that my constit-
uents at home may know that, while gentlemen
from all sides appear to be joining in perfect har-
mony in the opinion that we should have Central
America as a matter of course, I at least opposed
it, and entered my protest against it, as one of
those projects which, if not arrested, will cause
our country to fall by its own weight. We have
increased in apparent greatness and magnitude;
hut 1 believe there is not a gentleman 111 this Hall
who will not acknowledge that every foot of ter-
ritory that we have acquired has only weakened
the strength of this Confederacy, and has engen-
dered an animosity before unknown among' us.
Were our institutions the same in all parts of the
Union, this might not be the result; but we must
take these things as they are; we mast speak of
them as practical questions; we must speak of !
institutions which we have, and not of theoretical
institutions which we proclaim to the world, and I
have not. 1
I have but a single word to say upon another j
subject, and these are scarcely needed after what j
has already been said upon the same subject by j
the eloquent gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. i
Clay.] I allude to the aspersions cast upon the I
Navy of this nation. I listened to those asper-
sions with pain, and I doubt riot that every gen-
tleman 111 this Hall listened with pain to these un-
called for remarks. I doubt not, when the report
goes out bearing to the country those remarks, j|
which I will not repeat here—for they are of a .j
character I do not choose to repeat—millions of j!
people will blush and feel humbled that such lan- ;!
guage could be used ill the legislative halls of the !!
nation. I do not quite forget that, m the darkest :
hour of our country's history, under circum- I1
stances when we were unable to justify ourselves
here at home upon land, our Navy upheld our
flag and vindicated our honor; that, even while
our Capitol was burned over our heads, covering
us with shame, our gallant little Navy was wiping
out that dishonor by deeds that cannot die. And
when I listened, as I did the other day, to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Groesbeck,] as he
spoke of the conduct of Commander Ingraham in
vindicating the honor, not only of this country,
but of humanity, I confess my blood boiled, and
I felt proud that we had one part of our service
uncontaminated; one part that had never been dis-
honored; one part in which the flag of our coun-
try had never been lowered a single inch to per-
petrate a wrong, and which had never failed, in
a single instance, to vindicate the right.
Sir, when the debates of this hour shall have
passed away, when the little squabbles which en-
gage us to-day during the time we have been in
committee shall have been forgotten, and the as-
persions which were uttered against our Navy
shall sleep and be remembered no more, then
those who read the history of this country will
find emblazoned upon every page of its history
the honorable action of this Navy; and not the
less honorable, I venture to predict, will be the
very act which so many gentlemen on the oppo-
site side of the House have condemned—I mean
the act of Commodore Paulding in arresting
Walker, and thus maintaining the faith of the
nation. When all the technicalities and the doubts
which the ingenuity of gentlemen can throw upon
it shall have passed away and been forgotten, then,
in contrast with the lawless spirit which our coun-
try has winked at and failed to rebuke for so
many years, will be placed the noble act of this
faithful servant of the country; and it may stand
side by side with the act of his ancestor,in refer-
ence to which gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, as I thought ungenerously, and in a
sneering spirit, spoke the other day, asking if
the son derived honor from the act of his father—
if the son was honorable because his father re-
fused a bribe ? 1 will say to that gentleman, that
when the act of the son is placed by the side of
the act of the father, the judgment "to be passed
upon the act of the son will need no support from
the judgment which has been already passed 011
the act of the father. They will stand side by
side, and will be honored together; and men will
say that whatever may have been the curritptioja
of the age, this act, at least, was in vindication
of the right and of the honor of the country.
Sir, has any gentleman, in addressing this com-
mittee, pretended that Walker obtained a foothold
in Nicaragua by other means than by virtue of
the American flag? Did he leave our shore by
any other authority? Did he cross the ocean
under any other protection than that of our flag?
Did he effect a landing on the shores of Nicaragua
except under that protection ? And are we to be
told that our flag shall shield and protect a ma-
rauder till he steps 011 the soil of a. nation with
which we are at peace, and that we shall have no
right to prevent his abusing the privileges which
he lias thus obtained under it—that we have 110
authority over him,and arc under no obligations
to restrain him? I entirely dissent from that doc-
trine. 1 pay that where our flag guaranties the pro-
tection of an individual, we are bound to see that
that protection is not abused. Sir, I claim that
the same protection which gives him the right of
landing in Nicaragua, and shields him from the
guns of our frigates while that flag covers him,
confers upon us not only the right, but makes it
our duty, to see that advantages thus gained shall
not be used against those with whom we are bound
by treaties of friendship and peace.
I go further than the gentlemen who have ad-
dressed the committee. i say, that under the laws
of nations, construed not by technicalities, butby
that high sense of public honor which we must
uphold, Commodore Paulding had a right not only
to land and prevent this man from abusing the
privileges which he had obtained from our flag,
but that he had a right to follow him to any por-
tion of Nicaragua, to prevent the abuse of these
privileges, and to prevent our being precipitated
into war by the criminal acts of this marauder.
Sir, in conclusion, I have to say that I hope the
motion of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
CtciTM\x] to refer the neutrality laws to a select
committee, "for the purpose of having them
amended, so as not to interfere with emigration,"
will not prevail. They need no amendment,un-
less it be to make them more strict. They were
intended to interfere with and prevent just this
kind of emigration that Walker was engaged in,
and should be fairly, faithfully upheld and en-
forced.
