1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2388
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT TURNPIKE ROADS.
Mr. GOODE. I yesterday made an adverse
report on a petition in reference to the purchase
of certain turnpike gates and roads, and gave the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie] the op-
portunity to make ammonty report, accompanied
by a bill. I ask that the majority report, and the
views of the minority together with the accom-
panying bill, be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and be printed.
It was so ordered.
FURNITURE OF OLD HALL.
Mr. GOODE. I have to ask the House, per-
haps as the last favor during the session, to adopt
a resolution which I have been instructed to re-
port by the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolvedj Th.it the Clerk be, and he is herebv, directed
to nlaee at the di^po&ul of the ti ii^tee^ of the public schools
of the eitio-' of YVa-hunnon and Georgetown, for the us-c of
the pubiic school-! in their le-peetive cities, the chan* and
d"-kv lately u>ed by members in the old Hall of tlfe House
ot Repiesciuatives".
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that resolution
in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order. It is a report from the committee.
Mr. GOODE. If this resolution be adopted, it
is obvious that the remnant of old furniture will
be appropriated to a useful purpose. If it be not
thus appropriated, it will be sent to the auctioneer
and sold for a trifle. Now, I ask the members of
this House, if they can do better than to send this
old furniture to be enjoyed by the rising genera-
tion—for the benefit of the high purpose of edu-
cation ? I am sure that I have said sufficient to
induce the House to adopt the resolution; and if
the simple suggestion is not enough, I could not
say enough. i% Suffer little children to eome unto
me and forbid them not, for of such is the king-
dom of Heaven." I ask the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. Is that a resolution of the
House or a joint resolution ?
The SPEAKER. A resolution of the House.
Mi. SEWARD. Well, this is pioperty be-
longing to the Government, and we cannot dis-
pose of it by a simple resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it be in
order to move to substitute the desks and chairs
m this Hall for those in the old Hall? [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it would, I ;
would cheerfully do that. I would rather give !
them these desks and chairs than those in the old 1
H.ill. |
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION OF CLERKS.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 rise to a privi-
leged question. 1 call up the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the House laid upon the table 1
Senate bill (No. 151) further to amend the act !
onttiled " An act to incorporate the Provident j
Association of Clerks in the civil department of
the Government of the United States in the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Does this business
come in under the special order?
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported from
the Committee for the Distnct of Columbia. On
motion of the chaiiman of (he committee, it was
I,. J upon the table on the 23th of April last. A
motion was then made to leconsider, and the
question now is upon that motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like the
IIouso to consider the bill. The committee re-
ported adversely on it, and it was laid upon the
table without discussion or consideration.
Mr. SCALES. 1 move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would be very glad
to know what we are voting about. I should be
happy to have the bill icpoited. I do not know
whether it ought to be laid upon the table or not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The bill is very
short, and I hope it will be read.
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, with
a recommendation that it be laid upon the table;
and it was accordingly laid upon the table. This
is a motion to reconsider the vote by which it was
laid on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will not ask for the
reading of the bill under those circumstances.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
tabic—ayes one hundred; noes not counted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. GROW. .1 desire to ask my colleague if
he proposes to close the debate on the fortification
bill? We might pass it this evening.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to take
up another bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to introduce a joint res-
olution.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to have an order made
for the printing of a bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a joint resolution
which I desire the Mouse to pis«.
Mr. WINSLOW. I thought the floor was as-
signed to me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair assigned the floor
to the gentleman fiom Alabama, in ea*o the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania would yield it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, i will yield to the
gentleman from Alabama.
PAYMENT OF WITNESSES.
Mr. HOUSTON. The re are various witnesses
who have been dischaiged from select commit-
tees and have not been paid. The Clerk has es-
timated that $12,000 is the amount necessary to
pay them. 1 ask the House to poss the joint res-
olution, so that the witnesses who have been dis-
charged may be paid, and permitted to return
home.
No objection being made, Mr. Houston* intro-
duced a ]oint resolution making appropiiation to
pay the expenses of the several investigating com-
mittees of the House of Representatives; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOUSTON. As it is important that the
joint resolution should pass speedily, I ask the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded,and the
mam question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the thud Ume.
The joint resolution was then passed.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. WASIJDURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state ;]
of the Union. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to know ,
whether the gentleman from Pennsylvania pro- !
poses to have a business session or a session for ;
debate ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to have 1
a business one, and I hope gentlemen will stay
here and keep a quorum here. ;
[Cries of " Agreed !"] I
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. J. Ulancy Jokes; and it was agreed to. i
So the rules were suspended, and the House ;
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Harris, of Illi- ,
nois,) in the chair. j
FORTIFICATION BILL. i
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in ,
order to be the consideration of the fortification ;
bill. 1
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. As the bill making ,
appropriations for fortifications has been taken
up'heietofore for the purposes of general debate, .
and as there is likely to be considerable debate on j
the bill upon its merits,! propose to lay it aside, ;
and take up the Senate amendments to the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to know of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, whether it is his in-
tention not to have the fortification bill taken up
again during the present session?
Mr. J; GLANCY JONES. It is my intention
to have it taken up as soon as the committee have
disposed of the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill. I move to lay the bill aside,
and to take up House bill No. 2t)l with the Sen-
ate amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rose while the Chair was
putting the question, for the purpose of giving
notice, in behalf of the gentleman from Delaware,
[Mr. Whiteley,] that he intended to offer an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will say to my
colleague that I propose to take up the fortifica-
tion bill as soon as the other bill is disposed of.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill of the House (No. 201) making ap-
propriation for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1859, with the Senate
amendments thereto, was taken up for consider-
ation.
First amendment:
Add at the end of the clause " For compensation and
lmlpaze or Senatms, ,$162.1.30," as follows :
And a bum, in addition theieto. to pay the mile-
age of the newly elected members of the Senate in attend-
ance at the called executive se.-Mon, commencing on the
•l«h d.u oi'Mault. 18.37; hut nothing lieiein contained bhall
1 In' "-0 cont-tiucd as to allow con-mictsve mileage.
I Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
j Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
1 in that amendment. The compensation law pro-
vided that the compensation of Senators should
be §6,000 for each Congress, and that they should
be allowed mileage for two sessions. This is to
provide mileage for the new Senators who may
have come in the short executive session usually
held at the close of the short session. The com-
mittee did not see why the law should be changcd
in this respect, and therefore recommend a non-
concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Strike our, tn line-* twenty six. twenty-seven,and twen-
ty-eii?iit, a< follow* : "One at >>1.080, and one at $750/'
and in?eit '• at.$1.0?O each," ?othat the clause will read :
Two messenger- at .$1,080 each.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in that amendment. It is merely for an increase
in the salary of a messenger. I hope the House
will concur m the amendment.
The amendment was concurrcd in.
Third amendment:
la line fifty-two, strike out " $.381,'' and insert " $1)14."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES This is only to
carry out in the eross amount the change made
by the lastamendment. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurrcd in.
Fourth amendment:
Add, at the end of line fitly three, the following :
Foi the additional compensation alhxvcd by the resolu-
tion ot iho Senate of the 11th of May, IS18, to a me^ongcr
in the office of the Secretary of the Senate, for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, lH,3d,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a disagreement
to this amendment, chiefly upon the ground that
whatever may have been the necessity for the ser-
vice, it is a di fieiency, and not proper to be pro-
vid< J for in this bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Add at the end of hne seventy-four the following :
F;>; stationery for fiscal year ending SUth of June,
&3.000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This amendment,
and the following, the Committee of Ways and
Means non-concur in, principally on the ground
that they are deficiencies.
The amendment was non-concurred m.
Sixth amendment:
Add aftei the end of the above amendment the following:
For mi.-ceJIaneotis items tor fi-eal year ending 30th of
J\me, 18<3£, $'3r000.
Xfre amendment was- non-concurred in.
