2390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Seventh amendment:
Strike out" seventy" and insert " sixty" in the appro-
priation for binding the Congressional Globe, so that the
clause shall read as follows;
Provided, That no greater price shall be paid for the
same than sixty cents for each volume or part actually
bound and delivered.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
the' amendment of the Senate, with an amend-
ment, adding the word" three" to the word " six-
ty. 3> The Senate made the sum sixty cents,
under a misapprehension of the facts. It was
discovered afterwards that the sum should have
been sixty-three cents; and the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in, with the
amendment I have indicated.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to inquire whether
this is not the same matter on which we had a
discussion in this House when the bill was under
consideration before, in regard to changing the
contract made by the Clerk for binding the Globe?
If so, I hope the House will not concur in it.
Mr. J. GLANCY" JONES. The proposition
before the House was to limit the sum to sixty-
three cehts, designating, at the same time, who
should do the binding. This amendment only
limits the maximum to sixty-three cents.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand that, under ex-
isting laws, the Clerk of the House had contracted
for this binding prior to the adoption of the Sen-
ate amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I understand that
t  be so; but this amendment does not interfere
with that contract.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to have the contracts
of the Clerk of this House carried out.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I understand there
is no price specified in thatcontiact, and the price
bow proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means is the price which is paid for the Senate
binding of this work.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question. Has not the Government fixed the
price at seventy cents?
*Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My own opinion
of the contract is, and I have read it carefully, that
it does not cover the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix; and that if it does cover it, it does not fix
the price at sixty or seventy cents.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 understand how this thing
works. Mr. Rives, who publishes the Globe, and
is making large profits by it, undertakes to under-
bid and 1 educe the pricc below what it has been
done for. I am opposed to it. I think the House
sustained the position of the Clerk under the ex-
isting law, by a majority of sixty. The law, as
it now exists,requires that the Clerk should cany
out that contract. *
Mr. MASON. The gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Joxks] is right about this binding not
being included in the contract made by the Clerk.
The Committee of Accounts have the right to fix
the price for it. I will tell the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Seward] that that committee have
an offer for this binding at fifty cents, and the
probability is, that it wilt be fixed at that price.
And it is not Mr. Rives who makes the proposi-
tion; but another gentleman, who is a responsible
book-binder. He has made the offer by letter to
the Committee of Accounts, to do it for fifty cents
instead of for sixty-three or seventy cents. For
that reason I think Unsought to be stricken out.
Mr. SEWARD. At what time was that prop-
osition made—before or subsequent to the contract
made by the Clerk ?
Mr. MASON. It was subsequent.
Air. SEWARD. That is what I suppose.
Mr. MASON. It was uncertain whether the
Clerk had let it out. If he had let it out it was
under that provision which gave the Committee
of Accounts power to fix the price. It is pro-
posed, as I have said, to do this work for fifty
cents, and I hope that this provision for sixty-
three cents will be stricken out.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New Yoik. I concur in the
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky, in so
far as the offer is concerned and the price for which
this binding can be had. I am satisfied, from an in-
vestigation that the special committee have made,
that it can be done for even less than that. 1
think that if the Clerk were to advertise, a num-
ber of parties in this city would offer to do the
work for forty cents per volume, and then they
would make a handsome profit out of it. I think
that forty cents is quite sufficient.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the Senate amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the Senate
amendment; and the Chair announced that the
noes had it, and that the amendment was non-con-
curred in.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, I call for a divis-
ion.
The CHAIRMAN. The call for a division, in
the opinion of the Chair, comes too late.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I called for a
division in time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair neither saw
nor heard the gentleman.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I rose as soon
as it was possible to ask for a division; and I in-
sist on my right to have it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question has been
decided.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. There is some
confusion here. How does the question now
stand; at sixty or seventy cents?
The CHAIRMAN. At seventy.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. So I under-
stand.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood that
we had agreed to the amendment of the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means was not agreed
to, and the question then recurred on the amend-
ment of the Senate. The question was taken,
and the amendment was non-concurred in. After
the Chair made that announcement, the gentleman
from New York rose and called for a division.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I understand the
Chair to decide that the call for a division came
too late. I call for the reading of the next amend-
ment, and ask that we proceed with this bill. x
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. We can arrange this matter
by agreeing to an amendment, so that this mat-
ter may be understood. It seems to me that, if
the House understood it, there would not be two
opinions about it. The whole point is this:
whether the House will concur with the Senate
in limiting the appropriation for a specified object
to a certain sum. That is the whole of it. As
it now stands, there is no specific sum; and the
amendment I would suggest does not affect the
rights of anybody.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate unless I
: can be heard in reply.
! The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
! appeal from the decision of the Chair.
| Air. NICHOLS. I wish to make a suggestion to
iny colleague on the special Committee on Print-
ing, that, if he desires to have a vote on this
amendment, he can have it in the House. Tins
question has been decided; and, for one, I desxie
to see business progress.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I have no de-
. sire to delay the business of the House. I am as
desirous as any gentleman to progress with the
, business; but I do not believe that it is the feeling
. of the committee to non-concur in the Senate
; amendment, and go back to the price of seventy
1 cunts. I am willing, however, to withdraw the
; appeal, with the understanding that we shall have
: a vote in the House.
| Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask that the next
| three amendments be read together.
I The Clerk read the following amendments:
j Eighth amendment:
1 To pay to the icpom-rrf of the Senate the usual c\tia
i compensation lor tin: third session of the Thuty-Fomth
1 Conines-, ijjtfOO each—
; Ninth amendment:
i To pay ro the teportois of the Senate the UMial extta
! compensation I'oi the first session of the Thnty Filth Con-
. gte^, $890 each—.^3,200.
, Tenth amendment:
j To pay to the reporters of the Senate the iwial extra
' compensation for tlie second session of the Thiriy-Fitlh
' Comrie.ss, each—§3,200.
j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
: Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
J in these three amendments. These amendments
I provide for the extra compensation of the report-
■ ers of the Senate. It is proper that I should state
itliat in the deficiency bill, and in this bill, the
i House have provided for their reporters. The
Committee of Ways and Means, however, have
instructed me to report a non-concurrence in these
amendments.
Mr. FLORENCE. Do I understand the gen-
tleman that a distinction is to be made between
the reporters of the Senate and those of the House?
If the House reporters got the extra compensa-
tion, the others should. For my life, I cannot see
why you should make flesh of one and fish of the
other.
Mr. ClUITMAN. I should be glad to know
exactly the conclusion to which the Committee of
Ways and Means came on the Senate amend-
ments.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means directed me to report a dis-
agreement to these three amendments. The ap-
propriations are similar in character, and are for
three different sessions of Congress. Payment
for congressional reporting has been provided for
by usage and custom, not by law, by adding $800
to each reporter of this House in appropriation
bills. There was a contest over it on the defi-
ciency bill, but the appropriation was made by a
large majority. That was for the present session.
It has "been paid in preceding sessions, and in this
bill we have provided for them for the next ses-
sion. When the bill went to the Senate, that body
decided, that inasmuch as we had made the ap-
propriations for our reporters, they would provide
for their reporters in the same manner. Hence
these three amendments.
Mr. KELSEY. Upon what grounds do the
Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
non-concurrence m these amendments ? Is it be-
cause a part of this matter was a deficiency r
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The first one is for
a deficiency.
Mr. KELSEY. I think that inasmuch as we
have to pay this money at some time, we might
as well pay it in this hill as in any other. It is
manifest that Congress will not consent to pay to
the reporters of this House more money than to
the reporters of the Senate. Let us dispose of
this matter here, and that will be the'end of it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. When these
amendments were under consideration in the
Committee of Ways and Means, I was not pres-
ent. I have advocated paying to the reporters of
this House the usual extra compensation. We
have paid it to them for the last six years. The
Senate have paid to their reporters the same sum
for the same period of time, except for this and
the last session. I am of opinion that the repot t-
ers of the Senate should be treated m the same
manner as we treat the reporters of this House.
The Senate have placed these amendments on the
bill. That body is better able to determine where
they will incieaae the salaries of their employes.
I am therefore in favor of concurring in the Sen-
ate amendments.
The question being upon concurring with the
Senate m the first of the three amendments,
Mr. FLORENCE asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Gartrell
and Buffintqn were appointed.
The commutec divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes 40.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The ninth and tenth amendments of the Senate
were then concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Tn lines one, humhed and eeventy-two and one hundred
and seventy-throe, strike out the word-* '• draiufh'&men and
clciks employed upon the land maps."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means propose to disagree to the
amendment of the Senate. It proposes to strike
out the provision for the five clerks employed on
maps for the Committee on Public Lands pro-
vided for by the House, and the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrenee.
Mr. McGLCJEEN. I hope the committee wrll
concur m the amendment of the Senate. The
Committee on Public Lands had occasion to ex-
amine into this subject pretty thoroughly, and if
any good results to this Government from the em-
ployment of these map clerks, I am sure I have
been unable to discover it. This matter has al-
ready cost the Government a large amount of
money. This provision is for cleric? who are em-
ployed in staining maps for the Commiueo or.
Public Lands. Four maps have been already
prepared, and, as I said upon a former occasion,
