1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
num who will be joined to the array of northern
invaders of your soiJ.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. UOBBINS. Mr. Chairman, I desire very
briefly to give the reasons which will govern my
action upon the bill, donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts.
The disposal of the public lands, the common
property of the whole nation,after the payment of
the public debt, for the redemption of which they
were solemnly .pledged, has been a subject that
has occupied the thoughts of many of the ablest
and most experienced of our statesmen; and at
one time, as is well known, when the Treasury
was overflowing with a superabundant revenue, a
plan was matured and passed into a law, to dis-
tribute the proceeds of the sales among the d liferent
States; but though the Treasury was plethoric at
the time this law was passed, as it was but a few
months ago, yet, then, as now, it soon became ex-
hausted, and the further process of distribution
was indefinitely suspended.
Whether the States, respectively, or the people
of the States were much benefited by the money
that was paid over to them by the General Gov-
ernment, in fulfillmentof this " distribution act,"
is seriously questioned by many; but as it is not
proposed by any one to revive that act, or adopt
one at all like it, it is not necessary to inquire
whether any better disposition could have been
made of the surplus funds then in the Treasury,
and tempting Congress and the Government into
extravagant expenditures, always corrupting and
demoralizing to any Government, but more espe-
cially a republican government. The bill intro-
duced by thegentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] proposes to grant to the several States and
Territories six million three hundred and forty
thousand acres of land to be distributed m the
proportion of twenty thousand acres for each Sen-
ator and Representative in Congress, to winch the
States are respectively entitled, and to each Ter-
ritory sixty thousand acres, giving to my own
State, by this ratio, one hundred and forty thou-
sand acres.
The purposes which the donation of these lands
to the several States are intended to serve, the
objects they are to promote, and to which they
are to be strictly and exclusively applied, are, in
my judgment, those which are of ail others most
likely to benefit the great body of the people, by
diffusing among them, especially among those
who are properly termed " the bone and sinew
of the country,' the most important of all useful
knowledge, that which teaches how to increase
indefinitely the products of the earth, and im-
proves the mechanic arts. I shall, Mr, Chair-
man, indulge in no rhapsodies in regard to the
importance of agriculture, and its improvement,
nor shall I stop to eulogize the hardy laboring
men ofthecountry, who create its wealth by their
toil and sweat, and who are content with frugal
fare and plain apparel, whilst others " fare sump-
tuously," and roll in that wealth which no toil
of theirs ever produced. I would by no means
depreciate the importance of academical or col-
legiate education; so far from it, I would have our
colleges richly endowed, and enabled to confer
upon the comparatively few who are designed to
tread the higher walks of literature and science
the most thorough education that can be obtained
at any university in the world; but they arc for
the few, while the institutions proposed to be es-
tablished by the bill under consideration, and to
bo supported -thiough ail time by the proceeds of
the lands to be given to the States and Territo-
ries, are designed to benefit the millions, by edu-
cating them as farmers and mechanics; making
them more perfect in their several occupations, by
teaching them those several branches of science
that are involved in those occupations.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that a strong pre-
judice exists among some of our farmers, though
hot to the extent and degree that it once did,
against what is termed by them " book farming;"
but we all know that very great improvements in
farming have taken place, in almost every section
of our country, within the last twenty years, and
that improvements are going on rapidly. To what,
sir, do we owe these? to the light which scscnce
has been madr to throw upon the operations of
the farmer; to the knowledge acquired by the vari-
ous experiments of agricultural chemistry and
scientific, or " book farming."
What is the growth or formation of wheat,
corn, apples, peaches, pears, grass, and all other
productions of the earth, but a chemical operation
carried on by nature? It is the change of matter
from one form to another; the potato which is
formed in, and the wheat which grows out of the
earth, both are produced from materials which
must be brought in juxtaposition, and which com-
bine in certain proportions when brought in con-
tact, and are furnished with a sufficient amount
of heat and moisture, but not too much. Science
teaches us what the materials are of which the
potato, wheat or any other product is composed,
and their proportions, and it also enables us to
ascertain whetherthose materialsarecontained by
the soil upon which we propose to raise any given
crop, or not, and of course, whether the soil will
produce the article we wish to raise, without an
artificial supply'of the material wanted. An un-
educated farmer may be able to form a tolerably
good judgment, from the experience he has had
of soils, from their appearance, whether any given
field or farm will produce any given crop; if it
will not, he knows from experience that the ap-
plication of manure will add to its productive
qualities; but why it does so, and why one kind
of fertilizer is preferable jto another for the pro-
duction of any given article, as grass, corn, wheat,
(fee., he does not, and cannot know. But of late
years some men of science have turned their at-
tention to these matters, and we are indebted to
the Mapeses, the Downings, the Liebigs, the
Johnsons, and others, for a large amount of in-
formation upon these subjects, which is invalu-
able to farmers, and which has been the means
of greatly improving the agriculture of this and
other countries.
But the improvement and condition of agricul-
ture in the United States are by no means com-
parable to the advances made in this most import-
ant of all the branches of human employment in
England, Holland, Belgium, and some oilier Eu-
ropean countries, where the cultivation of the
earth has become a science, and where thto or
four blades of grass or heads of wheat have been
made to grow where but one grew befoie. So
far from farming being considered in those coun-
tries an inferior employment, the very highest in
the land, men of eminence, wealth, and of the
highest rank, take pride in being farmers—prac-
tical and successful agriculturists; and emulate
each other in the raising of various kinds of stock,
horses, sheep, hogs, See. It may almost be said
that it ia the only branch of human employment
in wUioh tk kings, lords, and commons" are all
engaged, and in which they emulate each other
in the quality and pci lection of their productions.
And why, Mr. Chairman, is it that the coun-
tries I have named are so far in advance of us
in their agricultural operations and productions'
Why do some of them produce three, four, or
five times as much to the acre as we do? and why
is it that the tenant there is able to pay more annual
rent for land per acre than he can obtain the fee-
simple for here ? Because, sir, mind, intelligence,
science are brought in as auxiliaries. Those en-
gaged in cultivating the earth do not go blind to
work, as the Indian or barbarian does. They
know beforehand what are the qualities of their
soils; what ingredients they lack, and what are
present in superabundance; and they know, there-
tore, what should be supplied,and in what quan-
tities. This knowledge may be acquned to no
inconsiderable extent by such of oureitizens who
are engaged in farming, and aie already educated
men, and have leisure to study aguculture as a
science. But, sir, how few of thorn there are
who come within this category!
Most of our farmers find but little time to read;
and, it is probable, find political reading and the
news of the day to occupy all the little leisure they
have to devote to books or newspapars. And if
they had time, such is the general prejudice against
all 44 book farming," that it is not to be expected
that they would think it worth their while to read
works upon farming, written, it maybe, by men
who never held a plow, sowed a field of wheat,
or made a ton of hay. Men must feel the neces-
sity of knowledge before we can expect them to
peek it; and it may be that some findjiow little
they know and how much more knowledge there
is to be obtained, when it has become too late for
them to think of seeking it, and so keep on in
their old beaten track—the same their fathers trod
before them. It is the young that are to be edu-
cated; and if we expect to bring about such im-
provements in agriculture as are susceptible of
being made; if we would raise the employment
to the dignity of a profession, and make it a more
remunerative occupation than it has been, we
must take steps to educate the young who are in-
tended to be tillers of the earth, and enable them
to work in the light which the rays of science pour
forth wheresoever they fall. It is to establish sem-
inaries in every State where agricultural science
can be taught, that I am in favor of the bill under
consideration. As I have before said, I know of
nothing so well calculated to improve the great
body of the people and increase the productions
and wealth of the country, as the giving of the
youn<? the most thorough literary and farming
education; combining in that education the theory
and practice of farming—just as to make a great
lawyer, or a great physician, or surgeon, the stu-
dent must combine the practice and theory of his
profession.
I know, Mr. Chairman, that in some of the
States, and especially the new ones, where the
rich soil is unexhausted, and manure is not only
a drug, but a nuisance, the necessity for agricul-
tural education or knowledge is not so great as in
those States where the original fertility of the soil
has been exhausted; and the farmers* there may
laugh at the idea of educating young men for tha t
branch of business. What! they may exclaim,
educate a boy to hold the plow, or to hoe corn ?
Why, the man who does not know his alphabet
will make just as good a farmer, and a great deal
better one, than your college-learned man. A
book farmer and a city farmer are their abhor-
rence, and, in their eyes, objects of perfect con-
tempt. But how often have we seen these same
book farmers and city farmers teach practical
farmeis lessons of the greatest value by showing
them how much more any given number of acre's
can be mad'* to produce when the mind is brought
to bear upon their cultivation, and science lends
her valuable aid as an assistant to labor.
This train of thought, Mr. Chairman, brings to
my recollection an anecdote which a worthy gen-
tleman of Philadelphia, some years ago, related
to me; and which he then, a man somewhat ad-
vanced in life, had heard from one who lived at
the time. There lived in Philadelphia, previous
to the Revolution, a man named West, a brother
of Sir Benjamin, the celebrated painter. Mr.
West was a cooper; a man of strong mind and
considerableintelligence, as he was fond of read-
ing. Mr. West, having acquired a large prop-
erty by his industry, took a notion to buy a farm
and turn farmer. He accordingly looked around
the country to find such a farm as would suit him.
fie soon found one in Montgomery county, not
far from Nornstown, which was for sale; but
which, having been in the possession of a shift-
less farmer for many years, was much out of or-
der. The buildings were dilapidated; the fences
were down; the biiars had overrun the fields;
the apple, peach, pear, and cherry trees had not
been trimmed for a long time, and everything
showed what sort of a man and farmer he was;
but the soil was naturally good; and,as the farm
could be purchased " cheap for cash," Mr.West
bought it; and then began the farmers in the
neighborhood to laugh at the folly of " the city
farmer" lor buying alarm so much out of order.
But Mr. West was a man who asked no one's
advice, and acted on his own judgment. He re-
paired the buildings and fences; cleared off the
briars; carried out and spread upon the land the
mountain of manure in the barnyard, making the
land as rich as he wanted it, as far as it would go;
stocked his farm with the best animals of the best
breeds then in the country; and took pains to ob-
tain the best kinds of wheat, corn, oats, &c., for
seed. His plow only followed his manure cart;
and, as the latter extended its journeys from year
to year, so did Mr. West extend his inclosed
fields and iiis plowed land. He was the first in
Pennsylvania to apply lime to his land as a fer-
tilizer; his neighbors, mean time, making sport
of the u city farmer's" doings among themselves.
But it was not long before the farm, in the im-
provement of which mind and book farming had
so much to do, attracted general attention; and
