1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2391
I do not believe there is any gentleman here who
would give fifty dollars for the four, if they were
offered him at that price, for any use they can be
applied to on the face of the earth. At one time
there were nine regular clerks, employed at sala-
ries of $1,800, and a draughtsman at a salary of j
two thousand one hundred or two thousand two
hundred dollars a year. In addition to that there
were eight supernumerary clerks employed tem-
porarily, for what purpose I cannot tell. Since
1848 they have had from four to eighteen or nine-
teen clerks employed on this work at these sala7
ries.
I have been upon the Committee on Public
Lands during this Congress, and have endeav-
ored to discharge my duty pretty closely. I never
was on the committee before; and if one single
particle of benefit has been derived from these
maps, I have not discovered it. I think I am
within the bounds of truth and reason when I
say that they have already cost the Government
$60,000 or $75,000, or perhaps §100,000. Afriend
near me suggests §200,000; and if a particle of
benefit has resulted from that expenditure, lean-
not discover it. It may be recollected that the
Committee on Public Lands reported iri favor of
employing five clerks. This amendment is to
strike out the provision for the salaries of those
cleiks, and I hope it will be concurred in.
I know it is urged that these maps are of utility
to the Committee on Public Lands, because when
grants are asked for railroads, they can refer to
the maps and see what lands may be obtained
under those grants. We have had numerous
propositions before us, this whole session, for i
grants to railroads, and if any light has been \
thrown upon the subject by tiiese maps, I am sure i
I have been unable to discover it. It is well j
known,as I said on a former occasion, that when !
men come here to obtain grants of lands for rail-
roads, they come with their plans arranged to '
construct the railroads from point to point in the
State or Territory, generally from town to town;
and it is perfectly immaterial to them whether the
lands through which the roads pass have been
appropriated heretofore or not, or where they get
the lands. They usually take them in alternate
sections within six miles of*the load, or go out-
side for fifteen miles. The Committee on Public
Lands have nos? before them bills granting lands
to railroads, but I have not seen a single instance
in which the committee have derived any benefit j
from these maps. i
These clerkships, it is true, are good sinecures, ]
and afford employment to gentlemen who are ;
lurking; about this Capitol on salaries of $1,800 a j
year. But with all respect for gentlemen who dif- j
for with me, 1 am unable to see that the Govern- j
meiit derives any benefit. I have heard gentle- i
men heie say, upon former occasions, that they j
have a contempt for this small system of economy, :
and that the men who come here to work ought
to be paid by the Government. I have much ■,
more contempt for that system which has grown i
up here by which men are brought from the hon-
est pursuits of life in the country to this city, to '
loaf, and ferret out and scent out and pursue pet-
ty offices, until they are taught to believe that it
is well for them to leave their honest pursuits and
come to this city to live upon the public pap of
the Government. I have much more contempt
for that, and I hold that it is much more injuri-
ous to the people of this country. And 1 will
add further, that the largest bodies are composed
of smaller particles. We must cut off small ex-
penditures to restrict the larger. When this thing
commenced, there were but fourclerks. We now ■
have eight, as 1 understand. We began-with less
than eight thousand dollars. The expense has
since run up to twenty-five or thirty thousand
dollars a year. 1
But, sii, I will not detain the committee. I stated
mv reasons why I wished to do away with this
system when the matter was before the committee
on a former occasion. I earnestly hope the com-
mittee and the House will concur m the amend-
ment of the Senate. No good can be derived from
the work. A large public expense is incurred by
it. Men are brought here and put in office; and ,
I am informed that some of these clerks who have
been appointed tooffice have not done a thing, al-
though they have drawn their pay. j
Air. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to ask the j
gentleman for leave to interrupt him for a minute '
or two, for I do not wish to take the floor to speak
on this amendment after he has yielded the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. My point of order is, that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot take the
floor from the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. McGlUEEN. 1 am willing to yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am sorry the
gentleman from Kentucky does not know that one
gentleman on the floor may yield it to another. It
is certainly competent for me to occupy the floor
to make an explanation, with the consent of the
gentleman from South Carolina, who holds the
floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It is pre-
cisely to that point of order that I propose to
speak. I attempted the same thing yesterday, and
was called to order by my colleague. Now, I
insist that the gentleman has no right to speak in
the time of the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I suppose the Chair
will decide. I insist that I have the right to
occupy the time of the gentleman, with his con-
sent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule that
the gentleman from South Carolina may, under
the practice of the committee, yield the floor for
the purpose of asking a question, or making ex-
planation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That is
directly against the ruling of the Speaker, yes-
terday.
The CHAIRMAN. The ruling of the Speaker
in the House does not apply to the committee.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The estimate made
by the Clerk of the House was for nine clerks,
and the Committee of Ways and Means reported
that sum in the bill. But when the bill came up
in the House, upon the statement of the majority
of the Committee on Public Lands that only five
clerks were necessary, the House, after full dis-
cussion, agreed, by a considerable majority, to cut
down the number to five. There was perhaps a
little feeling in reference to the action of the Sen-
ate. The.Senate put m its own amendments for
its own officers, giving its reporters extra compen-
sation for three sessions, while they have stricken
out provisions put m by the House which related
to the officers of the House. But I will say, in
response to the gentleman from South Carolina,
who desired to know upon what basis the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had acted in recom-
mending a non-concurrence to the Senate amend-
ment, that when this matter was before the House
before, after a full discussion, upon the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Public Lands, it
was decided that five clerks were nccessary, and
the Committee of Ways and Means thought
proper to recommend a continuance of that num-
ber
Mr. McCLUEEN. I was going on to say that
this resolution, when it was originally presented,
was a sort of a mongrel affair. A simple resolu-
tion of the House was passed in 1848, requiring
the Clerk of the House to furnish maps of the
public lands, under the supervision or direction
of the Commissioner of Public Lands. That was
the commencement of the system. But during
the present session the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands has addressed a letter to the
Secretary of the Interior, and to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and they both concur
. in the opinion that the service of these clerks is
no longer needed. Now, sir, these clerks are not
under the control of the Commissioner of the Gen-
; eral Land Office, in whose office they must have
i access to the records. The Clerk of the House
cannot have control of their business, because he
has no authority over the land records in the Land
Office; and it is impossible that this service can be
as well performed, if it is performed at all, as if
; the clerks were under the control of the Commis-
' sioner of the General Land Office. And again,
the regulations of the General Land Office require
the land records to be kept secret, to prevent spec-
ulations in the public lands. These clerks are not
; subject to those regulations; and it is very easy
to see how they may be of very great benefit to
speculators; but they are of no benefit to the
House. I hope the amendment of the Senate will
not be stricken out. It is due, in justice to the
present Clerk of the House, thnt i should say I
have heard no grounds of complaint against him
for anything connected with his duty in this
matter.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. I donotpro-
pose to detain the committee by any discussion
of this amendment. Gentlemen will remember
that the matter was thoroughly discussed when
the bill was originally before the committee. I
am in favor of the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; and I hope the vote will
be taken.
Mr. LETCHER. I am decidedly in favor of
concurring in the amendment of the Senate; and
I desire to make an inquiry of my friend from
South Carolina, who is a member of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. I understand that commit-
tee have been now for some months in the room
assigned to them in the new wing of the Capitol.
Now, I wish to inquire whether these maps have
ever been transferred there from the old commit-
tee-room ?
Mr. McGlUEEN. I intended to have referred
to that fact myself. It may be that some mem-
bers of the committee have had occasion to refer
to them since the organization of Congress. But
we have now been some time in the new commit-
tee-room, and they have not been removed, al-
though we have had some important land grants
under consideration in that time.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, it seems to rf!e that
that statement of itself is enough to show that the
value of these clerks has been greatly exagger-
ated, to say the least of it. This very fact shows
that the Committee on Public Lands have no use
for these clerks at all, and it seems to me that every
consideration of economy and propriety, as well
as the desire to prevent the concentration of pat-
ronage here in this city, requires that we should
put a stop to this thing as far as possible. Now,
sir, this whole thing is an anomaly. It is a most
extraordinary state of things, when you have the
records of the Land Office committed to the care
of the Land Office, under regulations prescribed
by that office, that all these records must be in-
trusted to these clerks to make up the maps as they
please. If this thing is to be continued, it ought
to be under the control of the Land Office. There
should be harmony m these matters.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a question ?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman cannot answer my question, probably the
gentleman from South Carolina can. If we dis-
i charge the clerks now employed under the au-
; spices of this House, will we be compelled to give
i extra clerks to the Interior Department to dis-
j charge the same duties?
Mr. LETCHER. I understand not; for I learn
from the letter of the Secretary of the Interior
that this is of no account, and that he does not
want anything to do with it. That is my under-
standing of the communication from the Interior
Department. The gentleman from South Carolina
will say whether 1 am right about it or not?
Mr. McGlUEEN. That is my impression.
Heretofore, and even now, perhaps, when land
grants were proposed, the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is addressed on the subject,
; and requested to furnish the House with maps
and plats, so that it may be seen what lands are
i granted and what reserved to the Government.
That has been done, and may be done again,
i Mr. WALBR1DGE. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from South Carolina, my colleague on
i the Committee on Public Lands, whether he has
I ever known any instance where the Commissioner
; of the Laud Office was able to furnish that kind
'• of information, except through these very clerks?
| Mr. Mc&UEEN. I have not been on the Com-
| mittee on Public Lands until this year. In the
i course of the investigation of this matter, I ur>"
j derstood that heretofore the Land Office had al-
! ways supplied the Committee on Public Lands
i and this House, when it was desired, with maps
; showing the sections, ranges, townships, and
i quarter sections. I have no doubt that without
1 tiiese clerks there might be a short delay, but 1
i have as little doubt that when wanted, the inform-
ation can be furnished in ample time.
! Mr. WALBRIDGE. I undertake to say, m
I answer to the remark of the gentleman from South
I Carolina, that the Commissioner of the General
; Land Office, without the aid of these clerks, has
j it not within his power to furnish this kind of
