330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Special Kansas Committee—Mr. Letcher.
Ho. of Reps
Now it will be recollected that my friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] to-day charged the
committee of fifteen with bavins: clodged their
duty in not ascertaining whether there was a suf-
ficient population in that Territoi y to entitle them
to a member according to the ratio of representa-
tion as fixed by the act of Congress—ninety-odd
thousand. We had no such instructions before
us. The instructions as then presented were sub-
sequently withdrawn by the mover, and we were
charged, therefore, with no inquiry of that sort;
and if we had been, I would like to know of my
friend from North Carolina how the committee of
fifteen were to execute that requirement? We were
clothed with no power to take a census of the
people of the Territory to ascertain the fact; we
were provided with no means of getting at it, un-
less we undertook to call upon Tom, Dick, and
Harry, for the purpose of getting their impressions
in regard to the population in each one of the
counties which constitute the Territory ofKansas.
We could have got nothing more, if we had been
required to execute such an order, than the preju-
diced partisan opinions of individuals—means of
information which were as accessible to every
membei of this House as to members of the com-
mittee.
The resolution goes on:
" Also, the numbei of votes east, if any, and when, m
favor of a convention to torm u constitution :u> aiore.s.ud,
and the places where they weie ca-t, and the number cast
at each place of vo'ing and m each county in the Tetutory.
"The npporrionmctit of delegate* to said convention
among the ddh'tent counties and election districts of said
Tori itory, and the census regishation undoi which rhe* same
wm< made, and whether the same wih ju t and fan, or in
compliance with law.
" The names ot the delegates to naid convention, arid 'he
number of votes c;i>! f<u each candidate foi delegate, and the
places w here ea-t, and whethei ? aid constitution leceived
the vme«< of a majoi i:y of the delegates tof;ud convention. ■
"■ The number of vote- east in said Temtoi v on the 21st
of December last, tor and against Mich constitution, and foi
and ugmiict any paitn < i featuics tlieieol, and the number
ho ca-t at each ph'Ce ol voting in said Tnnioiy.
"The tnunbei of voles <\ut in said Teiritoiv on the -1th
d ly of Januarj la--t, lor and a .im-;t said constitution, ami
for and against anj parH or featine* tln'ieof, and the num-
ber at each place ot voting vn -.awl Temtory.
" The number ot votes east in caul Tcnifoiy on the dav
la-4 named foi any State and h-gi-laiivr oilieer- thei eof, and
the n umber <o ea-t for each candidate lor Mich office^, and
the places where cast.
'•That-wid committee aldo asecitan^a^ nearly as possible,
what pott ion, if any, of the votc-i - o ea -t at am of the tunes
and places aforesaid, weie fraudulent ot illegal.
" Whether any poition, and, if so, what poition, of the
people ot KaiihUa .ire in open lebulhon agani&t the lavvd of
the country "
Now, sir, as this resolution was intiodnced,
thore were ten specifications, specifically directing
what that committee wore to be required to do
when tiiey assembled in the discharge of the du-
ties imposed upon thorn by the lesolution. Those
specifications are distinct, clear, and explicit, so
that there can be no mistake or doubt m regard
to either or all of thfMii.
Well, now, what followed ? We find no further
action was taken until the f>th of February, when
the gentii'mnii fiorn Illinois (Mr. Harris] pro-
posed to strike out all the specifications thus clear-
ly set out m his resolution introduced on the xM
of l"Vhuiary, and to substitute the following:
11 Pciol«ed, That the message of the President concern-
ing the ermMitntion fiatm-d at licenmpton, m the Tenitoiy
o! Karis.i-v by a committee of delegates therein, and the
p.ncoinpanying the same, be reicired to a select com-
ul fiiti'i-ri, to hi appointed by the speaker That
> ltd committee be instmeted to inquue into all the facts
cf.ini'-e;..(l with tie' lorinadon of said constitution and the
i tw-. o eh-! winch the c.tme was ongui.tted, and into all such
lict- <vad pioccediiig- as fiave tian-pned since (he forma-
tion ot r-aid eon-titution having iclation to the question or
pioprn-tv ot the admi-Mon of -aid 'LVrutory into the Union
oe.li'i ^aid constitution, and whethei the same is accepta-
ble and -au-factory to a maiomv ot the legal voter-, ol Kan-
s i-,ard that said committee have power to bend for peioons
£«!id p •pcib.,>
Now, if the House intended that we should
execute the purposes indicated by the spccuica-
v>)no sot forth m the original resolution, then 1
desire to know why that original resolution was
iibandnned by the mover, and this general resolu-
tion substituted in its stead ? In the original resolu-
tion, str, we had positive instructions; everything
was definite and distinct; our duties were marked
out in words that could not be misunderstood.
But with a resolution thus clear, thus definite,
thus distinct in its language, the mover himself
[Mr, Harris, of Illinois] proposed to strike out
all the specifications, and to insert this resolution,
thus general in its terms.
What was the action of the committee when
they met under this resolution? When we met,
according to the journal of the proceedings, as
published with the demurrer (as he termed it) of
the gentleman from Illinois, the first business
attempted was to introduce resolutions covering
each one of the identical points which were em-
braced by the specifications in the original reso-
lution, as introduced by the gentleman from Illi-
nois. We were to go into that broad field of in-
vestigation in detail; we were not only to inquire
in regard to this constitution, the law which gave
rise to it, the registration of the voters, the ap-
portionment of delegates, the election of delegates,
the formation of that constitution, the submission
of one clause of that constitution to the popular
vote, and the presentation of that constitution
here for the consideration of Congress, but wc
were to £0 into the investigation of frauds ante-
rior to that, not connected with it in any way
whatsoever, and also into frauds alleged to have j
been committed subsequent to that time, and in
no wise bearing upon the question pending before j
Congress. We were to go into matters outside j
of the question which tins House was called upon |
to decidc. And no matter how those points might :
have been determined, no action which that com-
mittee could have taken would have exerted any
influence upon the question of the propriety of the
admission or rejection of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution. j
Look at some of the specifications contained in ,
that resolution. You will recollect that there was j
one specification which directed the committee to ;
ascertain whether there is an open rebellion against j
! the laws of that Territory by the citizens thereof j
! That was stricken out. But after the committee j
! met to discharge the duty imposed upon them by
j the House, it was proposed todo what? Why,str, .
I to adopt this resolution proposed by the gentle-
• man from New Jersey, [Mr. Aduain:] 1
! u Resolved, That it is an important fact, having relation
j to the propnety of the admi—ion ol Kansas into tile Union
j under the Leeompton constitution, whethei oi not a large
i part ot the people of Kansa* have been in rebellion against
J the government, and such a fact .is tin-? commuter aie ro-
j qiiiied hy \lie resolution of the i!ou-e directing said com
nnttce to impute into, and the committee will theielore
j UKjiiiie into the alleged fact."
j Well, now, sir, if the committee was directed, .
, under this resolution of the Mouse, to make this
inquiry, why was that clause of the resolution .
' stricken out? or, motherwords, why was it with- 1
' drawn to give place to the resolution, containing ;
no such specification, which was subsequently |
adopted ? And then, besides, sir, does it not puz- j
zie you, does it not puzzle any member of the I
House, to ascertain what the fact of a rebellion in
Kansas has to do with the admission of that Ter-
! ritory as a State into the Union ? What had it to
do with the organization of their convention and
: the formation of their constitution ? What has it
1 to do now with the action of this House in de- !
termining the question whether that constitution ;
j shall be accepted or rejected? I frankly confess.
1 sir, that I can conceive of no earthly connection
that it could have with the constitution, nor of any
i: influence that itcould exert on the minds of mcm-
! ■ hers on this floor, nor of any influence that it ought
''' tu exert on any question on which we are now
called to act. The resolution containing this
i instruction being withdrawn, and a resolution
1'adopted which did not contain it, satisfied my
' J mind that the House did not intend that we should
make such an inquiry.
' i That was one of the resolutions proposed, and
|i that resolution was voted down, for tho reasons
i, I have stated, and I think properly voted down,
j i by my vote m part.
| Well, let us look a little further into the mat-
j tor. Here is another proposition made in this
: committee:
1 i <v liesofved. That the chairman he requested to inquire
, for and piocute tho statement of John Calhoun, the late
president of the Lecompton constitutional convention, iel-
ativc to the number of voteis in certain counties of the Ter-
utoiv of Kansas, where no ccn.su* was taken, or registry of
voteis made, prior to the election of delegate* to s atd con-
vention. and 10 wmch Senator Green refers in ins report of
February 13, 1SJ8."
i That resolution was offered by the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] and was adopted
by the committee. At a subsequent meeting, when
the statement of Mr. Calhoun was laid before
the committee, what was the next tiling do o ?
Why, the very next thing done was that the gen-
tleman from New York, who has alluded to this
matter, [Mr. Bennett,] submitted this resolu-
tion:
11 Resolved, That the statement of John Calhoun, on file
by the call of this committee, is not considered evidence of
the facts therein stated."
If it was not evidence of the facts therein stated,
why was it called for? For what purpose was it
wanted by the committee? Why was the reso-
lution adopted which declared its importance, and
which was the means of bringing itto the consid-
eration of that committee? Was it not intended
to be used for some purpose? But the statement
is no sooner brought in than the gentleman from
New York proposes to declare that that statement
of John Calhoun, called for by the committee, is
not to be regarded as evidence of any fact which
may be stated in it.
Can you understand what light that statement
would throw upon the matter then before the com-
mittee r Still they got the benefit of it as they had
asked for it; and is it not a novelty, in the action
of committees, to adopt a resolution calling for a
particular paper, and when the paper called foi-
ls brought m answer to the demand, then for the
committee to adopt a resolution which, in my view,
discredits that papei; and then presents it to the
House as a part and parcel of the proceedings of
the committee ? Yet all this was done; and now
that those who called for it have dtsciedited the
testimony by a resolution, solemnly adopted m
that body, they come into the House and inti-
mate that the majority of the committee have
been faithless to their trust, and have suppressed
an investigation which would have established
frauds that have been charged, but not sufficiently
proved to be regarded as settled.
Now, let me ask, in this connection, if the state-
ment then called for was not to be regarded as evi-
dence, why was it not to be so regarded ? Can it
have been on any other ground than the fact that
the gentlemen who called for it, and who were op-
posed to Mr. Calhoun, regarded him as an inter-
ested partisan in this matter; thought that his
feelings were controlled by the position which he
had occupied in that Territory in the past, and by
the position which he expected to occupy in the
futuie, and that, therefore, his declarations were
not entitled to woiglit? But, sir, more strange
than all tins, after this resolution was adopted,
one of tho gentlemen proposed that Mr. Calhoun
should be brought before the committee for exam-
ination as a witness. I put this question to them,
then: " You distegard Ins statement which you
called for; would you believe one word he would
swear to Two gentlemen answered promptly
and distinctly that they would not; and the others
sat silent, and thus acquiesced in these declara-
tions.
Mr. WINSLOW. If rny colleague will allow
me. While he was upon that point, I will sug-
gest to him that ho wjII recollect that when that
resolution was under discussion it was distinctly
stated by two of our colleagues that they did not
consider, when voting for the resolution, that they
discredited Calhoun's statement at all, but only
meant to say that the evidence was notconclusive,
and should only pass for what it was worth.
Mr. LETCEILill. I am very glad to be cor-
rected by my friend from North Carolina in this
particular. If they would not believe him, why
did they want to cross-examinc him ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. To make him show that he
did not tell the truth.
Mr. LETCHER. To make him show that
he did not tell the truth? Here is a man who, in
the estimation of the individuals calling him, js of
so notorious a character, and so little to be relied
upon, that those calling him avow in advance that
they would not believe him oil oath, and yet the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] says that,
perhaps, they wished to cross-examine him to
show that he did not tell the truth—a man who,
i in their estimation, would swear falsely. Is not
• that a most rematkable position ?
; Well, let me say further: is it not palpable to
I any one that, in the present state of feeling in the
1 House, with the p/ejudices aroused, if the com-
