1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
sure that gentlemen from the eastern, northern,
middle, and southern Atlantic States will give it
their hearty support. The agricultural schools
and colleges, contemplated and provided fofc by
this bill, will, we feel sure, be the points from
which will radiate those lights of science which,
when brought to bearupon the "old fields" orex-
hausted lands of Maryland, Virginia, and North
and South Carolina, will restore their original fer-
tility, and become covered with liea\ / and abund-
ant crops, insteadof meager coverings of poverty-
grass, that has not strength enough to resist the
winds of autumn, and is blown away like the
chaff it resembles.
There is great merit in this bill; it has nothing
sectional in it, and it appeals equally to the in-
terest of the North and the South, if not to the
East and the West. As agriculture is national,
not sectional, so is any measure that tends to pro-
mote the interest of this great, this most import-
ant of all branches, of industry, in which every
human being, of whatever condition, is deeply in-
terested.
Pass this bill, and in my opinion it will become
a fountain from whence blessings will flow in a
never-ending stream, that, like the mysterious
Nile, will make the land teem with pioduetions
wherever it shall spread its vivifying waters over
their thirsty and exhausted soils; and where now
only gophers burrow, and owls inhabit the sol-
itary wastes, shall rise the lofty mansion, sur-
rounded by gardens, orchards, and fields, vocal
with all that makes the habitation of man cheerful,
pleasant, and attractive; the seat of elegant hos-
pitality, ofrelincment, intelligence, and independ-
ence.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor
and moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Smith, of Vir-
ginia having taken the ohair, Mr. "VVimsi.ow re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to older, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the bill (H. it. No. 30(j) to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
18.)S, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. CLAWSON, (at
five minutes to nine o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Fuiday, March 2ij, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
by Itev. G. W. Samson.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTK1C OF ACCOUNTS.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Powell as a
member of the Committee of Accounts, to supply
the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of Mr.
Mason.
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a lull of which pre-
vious notice has been ^ivrn, for leferonco merely ?
Mr. ItARLAN. I di mand the regular order
of business.
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 hope the gentleman will \
not objcct, as it is a local b;'l. j
The objection was not withdrawn. j
ex nc qti vn co>rmuni c ation. j
The SPEAKER, by un minimis consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec- ;
retary of the Interior, in reply to the House reso- i
lution of the l(jth instant, cal'mg for information
relative to the construction of the railroad from
Dubuque to Sioux City, and branch fioni the ,
mouth of the Tetc des Morts. i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the communication be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands; and ask the adoption of the !
resolution which I send to the Clerk's desk: I
The resolution was read, as follows: * j
Resoirrd, That the communication of the Secretary of,
the Interim in reply to the le-olution of the Ilousc of*the ;
16th mtiant, calling foi information in regard to the amount I
of land certified to the State of buva for building a rathoad |
fioui Dubuque to Sioux City, and a cciiam hianch therein '
mimed, be referred to the Committee en Public ly.iuds and ■
that they he irwtrnr ted to inquire into <i!i fuels, in leiation to '
building the said bianeii of the laihoad, whether the mam
trunk or said road has been completed beyond the point of
intersection of the ^ard branch, anil whether the -aid biarich !
has been completed m conformity with the provisions of the 1
act of Congress, and if not, to report such action to the
House as may be deemed expedient and propei in the prem-
ises.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
part of it which instructs the committee. If we
have given lands to a State, we do not want to
investigate what the State has done with them.
Mr.'WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it is
the duty of Congress to see that they have been
properly applied.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that that
is no part of the business of the Government or
of the House.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee indicate the ground of his objection to
the resolution ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is a resolution
of instructions to the committee, as I understand.
The gentleman can move to refer the communica-
tion, but not to give instructions.
The SPEAKER. Why not?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think it
is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution is in order. The paper itself was
laid before the House by unanimous consent.
This resolution proposes to dispose of the paper
now before the House, and the Chair thinks it is
in order.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. Docs the present-
ing of that message by unanimous consent make
the resolution in order?
The SPEAKER. The presentation of the com-
munication by unanimous consent places it before
the House, and some disposition must be made
of it. The gentleman from Illinois proposes to
refer it with instructions. *
Mr. WASHDURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question. I do not want to take up the
time of the I louse in this matter.
Mr. JON E S, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. COhl). I hope the previous question will
not be sustained until I make a suggestion.
The SPEA K.ER. Debate is not m order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the resolution susceptible
of division, so as to take a vote on reference, and
then on the instructions'1
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. CLEMENS called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and hays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 80; as follows:
yj,; \s — Me^rs Atkinc, Boeock, Bonham, Howie,
Branch, Burnett, Clay, Cobb, Comma:, Cox, Cuitis, Dow-
dell. F.lhott, Faulkner, Floienee, Gdinett, Gaihell. Gilhs
Greenwood, Hawkins, Iliekman, Hopkins, Houston,
Hughes Jackson, Jewett, Geoige W. Jone-s, J, Clancy
Jone^jOwen Jones, Jacob M. Kunkel, J ,umai ,Leniy, Letch-
er, Muclav, MeUncen, jMason, Miles Montgomery, Nib-
lack, Pendleton, Peyton, 1'helps Pui vianee, Quitman, Rea-
gan, Reilly, Rrtelno, Ituflin, Ru^eM, Samhdge, Savage:,
Scales, Scott, Henry M. Shaw, Samuel A. Smith, Ste-
phens, James A. Stmvait, George Ta\ lor. Miles Taylor,
Underwood, Waikms White, Whitcley, Wtn&Unv. Wood-
son, Augustus R. Wright, and John V. Wught—GT.
MAYS—Me-.-as. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Bennett,
BilhnghuM, Blair, Biayton, Buthnton, Buthngame, Case,
ChaO'ee, E/ia Clatk, Claw^m, Clemens John Cochrane,
Coelcenll, Colfax, Comins, Davidson, I)awe?, Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Durfee, Fenton, Foley, Fostei, Grddings, Gilman,
Gilmer. Goodu m, Gi anger, Giow, Lawrence W. Hall, Rob-
ert B Hall, lint lan, Howard, Jenkins, Kelsoy, Knapp, John
C. Kunkel, Leach, Loiter, Lovejov, Samuel S.Marshall,
Maynaid, iWilNon, Mouill, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II.
Mow , Oliver A. Mm-e, Murray, NichuN, Ohn, Palmer,
Par ker, Price, Potter. Ready, Krcaud. Robbing Royce, John
Sherman, Jud-ori \V. Sherman, Pobeit Smith, William
Smith. Spinner. Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Tomp-
kins, Wade, WalbiniL'e, Waldron, Walton, Warren, Elh-
hue 15. Was-hburnc, Wilson, Wood, and Zolhcolfcr—SO.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. JACKSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Crawford, was detained from the Hall by indis-
position.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Phillips, was necessarily absent, and had paired
off with his colleague, Mr. Edii:; and that his
othercollcague,Mr.lani>y,had been called home
by sickness in his family.
Mr. HOPKINS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Edmvndsoi:, was absent on account of indisposi-
tion.
The question recurred on the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say a word on this
matter, and I hope the previous question will not
be seconded.
The previous question was seconded; there
being, on a division—ayes 86, noes 50; and the
main question was ordered.
The question was taken on the resolution; and
the Speaker announced that the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
gentleman; and the Chair is of opinion that if the
gentleman had risen in his seat he would have
both seen and heard him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The gentleman cer-
tainly did call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HUGHES. I did rise in my seat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs pardon for
not seeing the gentleman in time. It is now too
late to correct the error. The result of the vote
has been announced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. MONTGOMERY called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the latter motion
was agreed to—there being on a division, ayes 92,
noes 42.
PACIFIC INDIANS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior requesting an additional ap-
propriation for the bureau of Indian affairs, on ac-
count of the Indians on the Pacific coast; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
EXTENSION OF DEBATE.
Mr. LETCHER. There has been, I believe,
agcneral understanding, on all sides of the House,
that the debate on thffKansas question shall go
on for some days yet. In order that that under-
standing may be fairly executed, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House that the time for de-
bate upon the deficiency bill shall be extended
until this day week.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the House will take
notice where the objection comes from.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the'Committee ofthe Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr FLORENCE. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw his objection to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand
the proposition of the gentleman from Virginia,
it is, that instead of closing the debate upon the
deficiency bill upon the adjournment of the House
to-day, it shall be closed on the adjournment of
the House on next Friday; that the general debate
upon Kansas shall progress until one o'clock on
Thursday next, when the Kansas bill shall be
taken up and disposed of.
Mr. GROW. The statement of the gentleman
from Tennessee is correct, with the exception of
the last portion of it. I have no objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia. I
understood the agreement to be, that no motion
shall be made in reference to the Kansas bill until
one o'clock on Thursday, when the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] proposes to make
a motion to take it up, and the whole matter will
be under the rules of the House.
I Mr. LETCHER. Certainly, that is my un-
derstanding.
| Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. At the suggestion
j of gentlemen around me, I will withdraw my ob~
1 jection to the proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia.
No further objection being made, it was
Or/Z/r^/jThat the geneial debate upon the deficiency bill
be closed on Friday next at the adjournment of the House.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I ask the con-
