1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Revolution in the Law of the Land,—Mr. Walton.
Ho. of Reps.
mittee had gone into an investigation, and spread
tiie testimony of witnesses on the record, you
would have had each party discrediting and dis-
believing the testimony of the other? Is it not so
here now? Do we not see each side discrediting
the statements made by the other throughout this
entire debate ?
Then it seems to me that there was nothing else
to be done than what we have done. If we were
to go into such an investigation as was proposed
in the resolutions presented to the committee, we
should have been engaged in it for perhaps six
or twelve months to come. We should have had
either to go to Kansas or to send there and bring
here such witnesses as either of these parties de-
sired. And where was the necessity for it? Did
you not send out a committee there the summer
before last, with authority to run over this entire
Territory, and gather up whatever they could get
with reference to frauds, murders, and atrocities
of all sorts? And is not the report of that com-
mittee here in a volume of a thousand or more
pages? That evidence relates to many inquiries
suggested in the resolutions presented before the
committee as proper inquiries to be made in con-
nection with this constitution.
Well, sir, we adopted this resolution on the
motion of my colleague at our first meeting of the
committee:
"That the chairman of this committee, after inquiries
made at the State Dcpaitment, and the Interior Department
lor th« ^ame, icpoit io this c<mumuee,at its ne\t meeting,
oopii'ts of the iollovving papers, or such as he can obtain ;
and m case lie cannot net copies of the whole ot' the name,
that he repoit those that he cannot procuie copies ot, to
vvji:
" Copies ot the law under which the convention assem-
bled at ijpeumpton. and under which the con^inuitou then
adopted 0!<i mi/.ed ; al^o the leturii-s of the ti< efon or
voce oil raid c.u-ntution on the 21 stof December 1 i-u ; at- o
copic 5 of tho law, if any, by w Inch tue sense of th4 people
of Kansas on tho question of the propi icty of their applying
for admission a- a tfi.ue m the Union wa-i authon/.etl to be
taken, and the vol" thoieon ; al-o copies of the leaistration
of voter?] for the election ot delegate? to said convention,
as well as the appoitiuumeat of delegates to the same."
Now, sir, I very respectfully submit to those
gentlemen who have undertaken to cavil at the
action of this committee whether that proposition
introduced and adopted by the committee at its
very organization, does not cover all the require-
ments contained m the resolution of the House
as it was passed and under which this committee
acted? What have we omitted ? We have gone
hack to the very organization, the incipient steps
for the gathering together of this convention, and
we have come down to the close of the action in
connection v/i'li that subject, when the very last
act had been done m the submission of it to the
popular vote, and the popular sentiment had been
pronounced in regatd to so much of it as has
been presented to the people for their consider-
ation. Was there anything more to be done?
Could it have any influence on the action of this
House to ascertain whether the first election of
delegates, under the territorial organization, to the
Territorial Assembly was characterized by frauds,
or whether trie sccond election was characterized
by frauds, or the election of the 4th of January?
And, besides all that, under what authority, un-
der what lav/, would this House undertake to
look into questions of this sort and to decide upon
them? I grant you that, so far as the election of a
Delegate to this House is concerned, in that case,
the House, being the judge of the qualifications
«*nd returns of its own members, can look into
his case and ascertain whether his poll has been
stained by fraud—whether hu has, in other words,
been fauly and properly returned a member of
this House by the constituency who claim the
right to send him here. That is the extent of our
powers. But what authority have wo to look
into legislative returns? None that I can conceive
—none whatever. And even if you could look
into th^ni, they are matters which do not bear
upon this subject, and that cannot influence the
action of any one member of this House. If we
hnd gathered up a thousand pages of testimony
•—^'S the committee did a year ago—the result
in all probability would have been identically the
same as it is now. I insist, therefore, that so far
as this committee is concerned, they have per-
formed their duty strictly up to the letter of this
resolution. They dodged nothing; they sought
to dodge nothing. But they were unwilling to
procrastinate the decision of the question by the
introduction of irrelevant matter that could not
enlighten the mind of any human being upon the
question that is the subject of consideration here.
Having thus placed myself and my colleagues
on the committee right in this matter, so that this
statement may go upon the record with the charges
that have becen preferred against us, I leave the
subject.  
REVOLUTION IN TIIE I,AW OF THE LAND.
SPEECH OF HON. E. P. WALTON,
OF VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives,
March 31, 1S53.
The Hou-e being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tho Union—
Mr. WALTON said:
Mr. Chairmav: " Revolutionary " was an ep-
ithet applied, a few hours ago, to the Republicans
on this floor by an honorable member from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Tjuppe,] if I did not misunderstand the
application of the word. I will take it, and bear
it, and honor it. It was the honorable title of
the patriots of old; it is embalmed in the hearts
of the people, and bound, in your day and mine,
to a swift resurrection in power. We art revo-
lutionary, as they were, against tyranny and
wrong, for liberty and right. Iiut it is a counter
revolution that we have inaugurated; it is against
that other revolution, of which the whole history
of Kansas and this Lccompton constitution are
the illustration and example; u is to roll over that
other revolution, and to roll back the governments
of the nation and the States to the principles and
policy of our revolutionary lathers.
We aie m the nndstof an attempted revolution;
and we have present proof of its mighty import,
in the fact that as its certain result—whether we
roll it onward or roll it back—the dissolution of
the Union has been gravely predicted, or passion-
ately threatened, as suited the purpose or the
temper of the man and the hour. That contin-
gency, I think, is beyond our control. Higher
than Congress and the combined powers of the
Federal Government, higher than State govern-
ments or conventions, than nullification or seces-
sion, is the power of the people. I will not anti-
cipate their will. Higher even than that of the
people, is the power of Him who " fash io net h their
hearts alike." In His domain, earth's grandest
empires are as dust;and the eras of their history—
their founding, climax, fall—arc the foot-prints of
the Almighty m His eternal round. We may not
antedate our fal*\
It were enough to gay, that peers in privileges,
responsibilities, and rights, mustspuin intimida-
tion; but against the powei of a Christian's faith
and a patnot's hope, these threats of angry men
are lighter than their breath. I will smile at them
—sorrowfully smile:
ii Be niijoy w hen you will, if shall have <?fope ;
Do w h..t yon di-hoeo! ^hail b  humor.
O Oa—-m-, you are vokeri with a lamb,
Tli.it came - .tturer as the font beai^ (ire ;
Who. t-uK'h en.wieed, -.how., a hast) hpark,
And btuught is cold again.*'
The danger of to-day, it seems to me, is not in
dissolution, but rather in that revolution whose
end is despotism. Thence may come another
issue. I threaten nothing; I predict nothing; but
if another issue ever comes, I fear it will be only
this: despotism and Union; or disunion, as the
sole, sad remedy for despotism. I submit, there-
foxe, that to-day our great duty is, to take care
that by no blindness or perversity of ours, shall
we doom the people to such a choice as that.
Theottempted revolution, of which I come here
to speak, is a revolution in the law of the land as
to slavery, in the poweis of Congress and the
States, m tne rights of the people, and in the Con-
stitution itself. It's a revolution wrought through
a new interpretation of the Constitution by the
Supreme Court, with the connivance of the Pres-
ident and his party, and in defiance of the entire
history of the Government, of legislative acts, ju-
dicial ad judications, and the universal acquiescence
of the folates and tho people, for two thirds of a
century. In short, sir, it is my conviction that
the judiciary and the Executive have been guHty
of usurpation. I have no weight of character, of
learning, or experience, to give emphasis to such
words as these; but, in my poor judgment, they
can be proved by the record, and sustained by the
Constitution, as expounded by the most illustri-
ous statesmen and jurists, from the dawn of the
Union to our own evil day. This is my task for
the allotted hour.
First, as to the law of the land. It was the
common-law maxim of England, to wit: Slavery
legally exists by no general rule, but" only by
the force of some local law." (Forbes vs. Coch-
rane, cited in note to 1 Blackstone, p. 127.) A
self-evident proposition not long ago, but now
denied. I therefore observe, that true it is, that
as early as Edward VI. slavery temporarily ex-
isted in England, and that for two hundred years
the slave trade received the sanction of the British
Government and courts; but it was only by pos-
itive law—by charters, treaties, grants of the
Crown, and acts and resolutions of Parliament.
This is history; and thus is history "confirma-
tion strong as proof of Holy Writ" of the maxim
of the common law. Lord Mansfield declared it
in 1772, while the special slave-trade laws were
still m force, in these memorable words:
" The state of slavery is of such a nature that Jt is inca-
pable of being introduced on any reasons, moral orpohucal,
but only by positive law
Blackstonc was the cotemporary of Lord Mans-
field, and spoke of the common law—as it was
then, and ever had J^een, and still is—in still more
emphatic, terms:
"The law of England abhots, and will not endure, the
existence oi'hlaveiy in tins nation."
Sir, we have been told, in this debate, that Lord
Mansfield was in error; that Lord Stowell has re-
versed his decision in the case of the slave Grace,
1 and received the approval of an eminent jurist of
' our own. No, sir. That was a misuse of the
decision of Lord Stowell. That was a misuse of
the name of the American judge, who ranked, at
home and abroad, in America and in Europe, and
wherever you find the grace of learning and the
guards of law, with the most illustrious masters,
the clearest expounders, and the purest adminis-
trators, who have adorned the bench of this or
any other land. I need not say that I mean Judge
Story. Now, sir, in justice to Lord Stowell and
Judge Story, 1 quote the case of the slave Grace,
as pithily described by Judge McLean:
" Lord Mansfield held tiiat a slave brought into England
wan (tee. Lord Stowell agreed uutk Lord Mansfield in this
raped, and that the slave could not be coerced m England;
but on her return to Antigua, the plaec of her slave domicile,
het toimer status attached."—Dred Si,oU decuion, pamph-
let, page 154
And to this I add tho words of Lord Stowell
himself, in the case of the slave William:
The four judge's all coneur m thn—that he was a slave
in Gumada, (hough a jieeman ih England ; and he would
have continued a freeman in all other parts of the world
except Orunuda.^—Same, page 16fi.
Sir, these decisions of Lord Stowell were within
our own time,and they confirm the commonlaw.
Lord Mansfield's decision was m 1772, and al-
most cotemporaneous with the Revolution. The
special laws of England brought slavery to the
American colonies under her jurisdiction, and
sometimes against the remonstrances of her Amer-
ican subjects; but when British jurisdiction ceased,
th* oid thirteen States all recognized Lord Mans-
field's maxim of the common law. Be it right
or wrong, it is not important to my present pur-
i poNe. It was recognized as law in America. The
j old Thirteen States all tolerated or abolished sla-
j very, each within its jurisdiction; and many of
th-nn abolished slavery. They permitted or pro-
hibited the slave-trade, each at its own will; and
of the thirteen, there were but three that permit-
ted the importation of slaves when the Constitu-
tion was adopted. They, in eomity, permitted
the master to bung his slaves from other States,
and to recapture fugitives; or, by their clear and
undisputed light, and of their own free choice,
they denied all comity at oil. Such is American
history previous to the ConsluuMun; and that,
too, is ii confirmation strong" uf the maxim of
the common law.
1 come to the Constitution, and I find it dis-
tinctly recognizing, and palpably based upon, the
maxim of the common law. Turn to the clause
on the mave trade, and there see the recognition
