1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1300
sent of the House to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions. I will state
that I was not in the House when the committees
were last called for reports.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I must object, unless all
the committees can be called.
Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] to withdraw
his motion for a few minutes, to allow the com-
mittees to be called for reports of private bills,so
that the bills may be placed on the Private Cal-
endar, and be printed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I should have no objec-
tion, if there was any hope of calling the commit-
tees for reports. I have no hope of being able to
go to the .consideration of private business at all
to-day, but I felt it my duty to make the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that, if
the motions to go into committee are withdrawn,
the call of the committees for reports of private
business will be first in order; and, in the opinion
of the Chair, the call may be gone through with in
twenty minutes.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will withdraw his motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I will withdaw my motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the vote
had better be taken upon the motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then, I insist upon my
motion.
The motion to go into Committee of the Whole
House was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will withdraw
the motion to go into the Committee of theWhole
on the state of the Union, until the committees
have been called for reports.
The SPEAKERthen proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports.
PETER PARKER.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back a bill (C. C. No. 85) for
the relief of Peter Parker; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
FERDINAND COXE.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (C. C. No. 84) for the relief
of Ferdinand Coxe; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
SAMUEL ANGUS.
On motion of Mr. DAVIDSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition and papers of
Samuel Angus, and that the same be leferred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
JOHN SHAW.
On motion of Mr. DAVIDSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consuleiation of the petition und papers of
.lobn Shaw, and that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affans.
ASSIGNEES OF HUGH GLENN.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the as-
signees of Hugh Glenn; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
J. C. G. KENNEDY.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
J. C. G. Kennedy; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, moved that
the bill be referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I have some papers
which I should like to go with that report, and
be printed. They are from the Department; and
there is a letter from a gentleman of this city who
has charge of this property. I should like them
to go with the report and be printed, so that the
House may have all the facts before it.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania.^ I will say
that our report embraces substantially all the
papers which were before the committee. I do
not know that it would be right that the House
should print papers which were not before the
committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
have them printed, so that we could all see them
when the case comes up. They are from the De-
partment, with a letter from the agent of the prop-
erty.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. They can
be used in the House when the question comes
up, and I therefore object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it not be competent
for the House to order the printing of the papers
as a separate proposition ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see how
the gentleman could get the papers before the
House at this time, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee of Claims,
with the papers I send to the Clerk. I ask that
they be read, in order that the House may know
what it is referring.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can refer his
papers under the rule, but the Chair does not see
how they can bo referred with the motion he
makes.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. If the provis-
ions of the bill be stated, there will not perhaps
be any further objection to it. It does not pro-
pose to appropriate any specific sum. It refers
this case to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
authorizes him to take rule on the contract made
and damage done to'the building rented from Mr.
Kennedy, and to pay him any sum to which he
may be entitled; no more and no less.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The papers which
I hold in my hand are the report of the Secretary
of the Interior in adjudication of this ease, the
confirmation of that report by the President of
the United States, and a statement of the agent
for the ranting of this property, for which the
Government paid the owner $1,700.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Rather than
occupy time, I will withdraw my objection.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, and the papers sent up by Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM F. WAGNER.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
William F. Wagner; which was read .a first and
second time, referred toa Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
JOSEPH HARDY AND ALTON LONG.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Hardy and Alton Long; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, from the same
committee, reported adversely on the memorial
of Alexander Turner; which was laid upon the
table, and the report ordered to be printed.
ALEXANDER LINDFELDT.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, it
was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of Alexander
Lindfeldt, and that it be referred to tlfc Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
ENOCH B. TALCOTT.
Mr. GOODWIN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 77) for
the relief of Enoch B. Talcott, late collector of
customsat the port ofOswego, New York; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
BENJAMIN DOLE.
On motion of Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, it
\vas
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial of Benjamin
Dole, and that the same he refeired to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
SAMUEL A. FAIRCHILD.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel
A. Fairchild; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
E. H. FITZGERALD AND WILLIAM P. YOUNG.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, made adverse reports in the cases of
E. H. Fitzgerald and William P. Youngi which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
HALL NEILSON.
Mr, MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, repwted a joint resolution for the re-
lief of HalfNeilson; which was read a first and
second time,referred toaCommittee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
ELI AS HALL.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 68) for the relief
ofEliasHall, of Rutland, Vermont.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. This case, I
would say, is one which peculiarly calls for the
immediate action of the House. The amount in-
volved i3 very small, and the claimant is an old
man of some eighty years.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to anything out of
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires, he
can ask that the bill be read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
my colleague if the bill involves an appropriation
of money?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, ft does, to a
certain extent, though-it is not a regular appro-
priation bill.
The SPEAKER. If it contains an appropria-
tion, the objection of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is well taken, as it would require unan-
imous consent to put it upon its passage.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. RITCHIE. I will not withdraw objection
until the call of committees for reports is finished.
The bill was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
SHADE CALLOWAY.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois,from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 38G) for the relief of Shade Calloway; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
D. O. DICKENSON.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, fiom the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of D. O.
Dickenson; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House,and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN R. NOURSE.
Mr. COBB moved that the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands be discharged from the further consid-
eration of a bill (H. R. No. 408) for the relief of
John R. Nourse, and that the same be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, presented adverse reports on
the petitions of David Baxter, Joseph Brady,
Launcelot Crane, J. D. Stewart, Joseph Weeks,
and Michael Vandervoort, and certain citizens of
Kansas, asking for bounty lands; which were
severally laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MONTGOMERY, from the same com-
mittee, presented adverse reports on the petitions
of John P. Bennett, Mary A. Vance, Richard S.
Venables, certain citizens of New York, and cer-
tain citizens of New Jersey; which were sever-
ally laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
JANE SMITH.
Mr. COBB,from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass,'
Senate bill (No. 73) authorizing Mrs. Jane Smith
to enter certain lands in the State of Alabama;
