1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28 %
tied on" when the contending armies are actually
in sight of each other and ranged in battle array,
and even when they are actually engaged in con-
flict? I ask whether the Army and Navy of the
country cannot just as well arrest the offenders
there, for the purpose of preventing them from
"carrying on" the expedition as they can within a
marine league of the shore ? If wc cannot prevent
the expedition from being carricd on wherever we
find it, then the language of the act is too broad;
and if Commodore Paulding pursued the words
of the act, the fault is in the law, and not in that
noble American sailor.
The nextquestionthatarisesis this: Has "Gen-
eral" Walker committed any offense against the
law of nations ? No man will stand on this floor
and deny that he went with an armed force into
a country with which this country was at peace;
that he went into Nicaragua with a body of
soldiers, with arms in their hands. The papers
show that he signs his name as commander-in-
chief of the army—notas an agricultural emigrant,
not as a peaceful man going to settle in the coun-
try, to till the soil, and to live there in peace under
the laws as they stand. On the contrary, he styles
himself commander-in-chief of the army of Nic-
aragua. He goes in hostile array to wage war
against that country. He goes as a military
usurper to overturn the civil institutions of the
country by the force of arms, and to hold it by
conquest. This is his offense against the law of
nations, and the laws of our country.
Then the question arises as to the legality of
his arrest. 1 maintain that this is the doctrine of
the law, and that no man can controvert it: that
the right of a nation to arrest a criminal who has
committed an offense against its laws is always
perfect; that it exists everywhere; and that you can
arrest that criminal icheiever he is found, any where
on the broad earth. But that right of arrest is sub-
ject to a limit. What is the limit? In certain
cases—mark, I do not say in all cases, but m cer-
tain cases—the right of arrest is in subordination
to the sovereignty of the country where the arrest is
made. A criminal escapes from this country to
England. The sovereignty of England may in-
terpose to prevent his arrest; but between the crim-
inal and the country our right to arrest him is as
perfcct as it ever was—just as perfect as it would
be in the streets of Washington, or in the city of
New York. It is the same in London. It is the
same in Pekin. We never lose that right of arrest;
we cannot lose it, in any shape, unless we relin-
quish it.
But I said that, in certain eases, it was in sub-
ordination to the right of the nation where the
arrest is made. It is so whenever the sovereignty
of that nation will protect the criminal. Our right
to arrest a criminal being a perfect right, subsist-
ing every where, wherever a criminal is found,
whetheron the high seas,in the territory of Eng-
land, or in the territory of Nicaragua, it follows
that General Walker can be arrested, unless the
.sovereignty of the nation where he is found pro-
tects him. Let me illustrate; let me prove it be-
yond peradventure; and I defy gentlemen to dis-
prove my position. On what principle do all our
extradition treaties proceed ? They proceed upon
the principle that the right of arrest is perfect
everywhere; that Governments have the right to
arrest a criminal wherever he is found, subject
only to the limitation of the sovereignty of that
nation; and all that is attained by extradition trea-
ties is simply the consent of the nation lo lift up that
sovereignty, and permit the arrest. That is all.
Such treaties are everywhere acknowledged as
legal and proper, and this proves most incontest-
abiy that the right of arrest exists everywhere.
A man escapes from England to this country,and,
under the extradition treaty that exists between
us, he is arrested and taken back: does that vio-
late any right on the part of the criminal? Not
at all. He never had any. The right of England
to have a criminal arrested here for an offense
committed within her borders, is a perfect right;
and the treaty did not make it any more perfect.
It was only for the time being in subordination
to the sovereignty of our country ;and thatsover-
eignty being withdrawn, the arrest, in such cir-
cumstances, is a complete and legal arrest, and no
defense could be set up against it in any court.
Then the question arises, when does the sover-
eignty of a nation protect a refugee? When is a
criminal shielded from arrest by the sovereignty
of the nation in which he has taken refuge ? When
he goes into a country to attack the sovereignty
of such nation, then the sovereignty of the nation
will not protect him. If General Walker com-
mitted an offense against the laws of his country,
and then went into the territory of Nicaragua in
defiance of her laws, there is no man on earth
who would pretend to say that the laws of Nic-
aragua would shield the man who comes to attack
and destroy those very laws. That would be a
monstrous exerciseof sovereignty—a sovereignty
throwing the shield of protection around the villain
who was stabbing it to the heart! Think of a man
setting up as his defense from arrest the protec-
tion of a Government which he was laboring to
destroy. The man who was aiming to blot out
the nationality of Nicaragua claims that this
nationality protects him. That is not the object
of national sovereignty, and it is a strange per-
version of terms to claim such an office for it.
No nation ever throws the shield of protection
over a man who comes to attack and destroy it.
Let me illustrate further. The law of nations
makes it our duty to prevent our citizens from
committing acts of hostility against nations with
which we are at peace. We are bound to perform
that duty, wherever the offenders may be found.
The arrest must be made, the warfare must be
stopped, whether those who engage in it be found
on the high seas, in our own country, or in the
country against which the war is being carried on.
We are bound to do it, for it is our duty. Let
me illustrate by a familiar example. I am passing
by the house of a neighbor, when I hear the cry
of murder and help from within; I go to the door
and find it locked; 1 seize a sledge and break in
the door and arrive just in time to clutch the as-
sassin's arm as he is about to strike my neighbor
to the heart: I ask you if there is a man here
who would contend that I have violated the right
of sovereignty of my neighbor by entering his
castle for his protection, or that he could sustain
a suit against me for the act? Sir, I broke into
his "castle" for the purpose of rendering him the
assistance which he requested by his cries for
help.
But, sir, our duty under the law of nations is
stronger even than that. 1 was not bound to break
into my neighbor's house to save his life. It was
my duty to do it, but it was a moral duty which
I was not bound to perform; but, under the laws
of nations, it is not only proper that we should
arrest an expedition fitted out from our shores to
invade the territories of a nation with which we
are at peace, but it is a duty which we are bound
to perform. Under the law of nations,and under
our own laws, we have no option in the perform-
ance of this duty. We are bound, as a matter of
necessity, to arrest the man, and prevent our peo-
ple from committing outrages upon a neighboring
nation. It is a duty of which wc cannot divest
ourselves unless we violate the law.
Will any one contend that the sovereignty of
Nicaragua shielded General Walker whilst he
attacked it, or that we invaded that sovereignty
in arresting him? Sir, it would be an anomalous,
a monstrous proposition, precisely on a par with
that of the man who, because I entered his house
when I heard the cry of murder, would attempt
to make me amenable to the civil law.
I say, sir, that we had a duty to perform under
the law of nations, and under the law of 1818; and
that in the discharge of that duty, we must pre-
vent the " carrying on" of the expedition of Gen-
eral Walker. In the discharge of this duty, we
were bound to follow that expedition and break
it up wherever found; and no man can set up a
claim upon the part of Nicaragua for an invasion
of her sod. If such a claim were presented in
this House, it would be scouted by every man
upon this floor, because we all know that such a
claim would be groundless.
I maintain, sir, that Commodore Paulding has
violated no law, committed no offense, but that
he simply performed his duty. And I honor him
for it. I respect his intentions; I admire his bold-
ness and firmness; and I approve of his conduct,
and fearlessly pronounce his interpretation of the
law under which he acted as unquestionably cor-
rect. I love the noble tar who braved the conse-
quences, and 'Hook the responsibility" of doing
his duty.
Gentlemen, to defend General Walker, have
dragged in the invasion of the soil of Nicaragua
as an outrage committed by our country. To
hear them, one would suppose they were Nica-
raguans, and not citizens of our glorious land.
From their representations, we would be led to
believe that the poor people of Central America
were in tears because we rescued them from the
ravages of a merciless invader.
But, sir, did Commodore Paulding, by the
arrest of General Walker, violate the law of na-
tions ? I say that he did simply his duty, and
nothing more than his duty; ana that if he had
done less he would have been censurable. It is
the duty of our Government to restrain and pre-
vent its citizens, wherever found, m the language
of the act of 1818, from "carrying on" such expe-
ditions. Suppose an army of our people should
be organized to cross the imaginary line on the
northwestern boundary of our country and attack
the people of Nova Scotia; suppose we send our
army to arrest the expedition, but just as it reached
the boundary line, the expedition, ten thousand
strong, crossed over, and in full sight of our army
commenced the work of burning houses and rob-
bing and slaughtering the citizens of that country ;
I ask if there is any man here who would justify
a commander-in chief if he would not pass over
the line and put a stop to this work of murder and
arson ? I think there is no man here who would
not say he was right in crossing the line. Yet
if the interpretation of the act of 1818 is as con-
tended for by the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, he should have allowed the slaughter to
have proceeded without interruption, because the
act of 1818, although it required us to prevent
the carrying on of such expeditions from our own
shores, did not permit us to enter the jurisdiction
of another Power for that purpose.
Mr. Chairman, I think Commodore Paulding
was entirely right in the construction which he
gave to the act of 1818, and I think he is entitled
to much credit for the interpretation he gave to
that act of Congress. I think the Congress of
the United States should concur in that interpre-
tation, for it is the correct one. It is a safe doc-
| trine, and the only doctrine under which it is prac-
ticable to restrain such expeditions. Under any
other construction it would be almost impossible
to arrest an expedition fitted out on our southern
borders to attack a neighbonng country, because
you can never find the ship, in one time out of a
thousand, until the men and munitions of war
are landed. It was so in the case of the expedi-
tion fitted out against Cuba. We had a line of
ships upon our coast, and Spain had almost cov-
ered the ocean with her ships of war. Yet the
expedition was not overtaken until it had landed,
and the army had gone into the interior, and
there fought as Americans will fight, until the
last man died, or was taken prisoner.
Under such an interpretation you render your
act impotent. You can neither enforce the laws
of nations nor carry out the provisions of the act
of 1818, unless you sustain the very course which,
has been taken by Commodore Paulding. We
should not give it the cold support that says,
" You ought not, perhaps, to have passed the
borders; that was technically wrong, but you
have acted under an honest mistake, and we will
excuse you." Let us on the contrary say, "Com-
modore, you have done your duty* and we will
sustain you." At the time of thebanadian diffi-
culties the authorities there gave this interpreta-
tion to the law of nations. General Brady took
Ins position upon the waters which divide the
United States and Canada, and there prevented
the expedition from our country from going over.
Why did not the United States,which is so jealous
of her right; why did not these gentlemen who
stand up in this Hall in defense of the sovereignty
of Nicaragua, call upon England to redress this
grievous invasion of our waters? This, sir, is a
novel doctrine, one which has sprung up in favor
of General Walker; such a doctrine as has had
no recognition in the practice of nations; such
as has found no place in the pages of the learned
writers on international laws.
It is contended gravely that we should send
Walker back; that we have committed a gross
outrage upon his rights, and that we ought to
puthim on boatd one of the vesselsof our Navy,
with his men and munitions of war, send him
back, and put him precisely where Commodoie
Paulding found him. Yet the men who contend
thus, in the same breath allege, that when Com-
