1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S93
of that sort made against him, withoutsaying that
I know him, and believe him to be as honest a
man, and as much of agentieman as anyone, and
that he would scorn such petty meanness.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know this gardener,
and I did not intend to say that he was dishon-
est, or to cast any imputation upon him.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Insert the following:
For pay of horticulturist and assistants in the botanic gar-
den and green-houses, to be expended under the direction
ot the Library Committee of Congress, $5,121 50.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Insert the following:
For reglazing and repairing damages to the green house
by the hail storm of June, 1857, $1,044 16.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment: !
Tn=ert the following: .
To enable the Secretary of State to cariy into effect the j
act entitled, '-An act for the admission of tile State of Kan- j
eas into the Union," $10,000. :
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This is to provide I
for carryingout the act lately passed by Congress I
for the admission of Kansas into the Union.
The amendment was concurred in—ayes sixty- j
three; noes not counted. !
Seventeenth amendment: j
Insert the following : i
And the authority conferred upon the principal clerk of J
public lands, of acting Commissioner ad in terim, in the ah- \
sence, and >o foith, of the Commissioner, by the second [
section of the act reoiganizing the General Land Office, i
appioved the 4th of July, 1836, shall be, and the same i
hereby i .. transpired to the chief cleik of said General
Land Office.
Mr. GARTRELL. I wish to a&k the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means what
is the meaning of the term u and so foith
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It was said by
Lord Coke to mean almost anything.
Mr. GARTRELL. I think it means nothing.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Insert as follow*:
For the preservation of the collections of the exploring
and survey mg expeditions of the Government, $4,000.
Tfie amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Inseit a.- foilow*:
For the uan*(er to, and new airangernent of those col-
lections in, the Smithsonian Institution, $1.00(1.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Insert a* follows •
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the super-
intendent of the building occupied by said Secietaryand his
Department, fiom the 1st day of Januaiy, J856, to the 30th
day of June. U'58, the allowance to be made to Mich super-
intendent, with his salary as clerk, not to exceed $2,000 per
annum, the sum ot $70i>.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence m
that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Insert as follows:
For cieik hire, office rent, fuel, and lights, at the several
district land offices of ihe land States and Territories, to he
appoinoned in such manner a>, in the judgment of the Sec-
retary of the luterioij the public mteiest may lequne,
$60,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Strike out of the ongina! b'll the following: j
For compensation of tiie Mirvcyoi geneia! of Utah and
the clerks in his ofiiee. 5'S,1 0J.
'• For r<mt of the suivcjor general's office, in Utah, fuel,
hooks, st.itumerv, fuimtuie, and other incidental e.\f enses,
$1,500."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence with
the "Senate in that amendment to strike out tins
appropriation.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Under the head of" for the general purposes of the build-
ing corner of F and Seventeenth stiec-ls."' nltei the clause
" tor compensation of superintendent, four watchmen, and
two laboreis foi said building, $3 850." insert:
And the compensation ot superintendent maybe allowed
ty the cleik whb has pel formed, or may Ucreaitei pcrtorrn,
the duties of that officer; the allowance to be made to such
superintendent, with his salary as clerk, not to exceed
$*2,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in that amendment, with an amendmentto strike
out the words "has performed or," so as to strike
from it its retrospective operation. They pro-
pose to allow this superintendent to have the $250,
which is the same allowed to the superintendent
of all the other Executive buildings for the future,
and not to allow it to apply to the past.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was then con-
curred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Insert as follows: j
For defiaying the expenses incurred in taking the cen-
sus! of the Tori itory of Minnesota, under the act approved
2t>th Febiuaiy, 1857,$20,000: Provided, The compensation
to the officers taking the same shall not exceed that allowed
by the act* of 23d May, 1850, and ;J0th August, 1850, to iho^e
who took tiie census in California, Oregon, Utah, and New
Mexico.
'Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. _ This amendment
is to pay the expenses of taking the census of
Minnesota, which was authorized by the last
Congress. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a concurrence m the amendment of
the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Jns-eit as follow^:
l''or mm vh:c- (if spccial counsel, and oilier rxttaoulmfviy
expenses, in delenriunr the tillc ot ihe United States to pub-
lic piopeity in Caliloinia, 10,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY .TOIS'ES. This amendment
proposes to appropriate §40,000. There is an im-
mense amount of public property in litigation m
California; and the Attorney General has found
it impossible to successfully prosecute the public
business without this appropriation of $40,000 to
enable lum to employ special counsel to defend
1 lie several suits which have been instituted, ern-
biacing the whole city of San Francisco, and
other very valuable publicproperty; and the com-
mittee recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
Mr. MARSHALL,, of Kentucky. I wish to
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether
this £40,000 is to be paid m fees to counsel here
in Washington or California?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. In California. I
will state to the gentleman from Kentucky that
these claims areveiy large, and that the claimants
have employed the whole bar, if lliev have not
gone further, and employed all the talent of the
State; and the Attorney General finds it impos-
sible to defend the interest of the public without the
means of employing special counsel.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
say to the committee that, if I am not misinformed,
the law establishing aboard of land commission-
ers of the United States for the State of Califor-
nia provided for an attorney of the United States.
And then, ill a subsequent act, amendatory to that
law, additional counsel was provided for. A sub-
sequent law provided still further for the imploy-
ment of additional counsel.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Will the gentle-
man from Kentucky allow me to have a letter
read from the Attorney General upon this sub-
ject ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Yes, sir;
1 W,U-
The letter was read, as follows:
Attorney Gs-'Neral's Office. -2pril 22, 1853.
Sir : Public property in California of very great value is
claimed by various person* undci alleged grants tiom .Mex-
ico, which aie Mieved to he mere lahneauon-. Tiic-c
giants cover not onij large tracts of agricultural country,
ami s-omc ot th" i.eheit mines in the world, but the whole
cities of San Fi.tnck-coand Sacramento aie included within
them. The Government buildings, the court house, cus-
tom-house, hospital, p'l.-on, and fortification*., are claimed
by titles of the t-ame soit The site of the military works
at San Francisco is so absolutely necessary to tiie public
defense that no sum which could be told down in dollars
would be a compensation for ih loss. But estimating the
gmund* and buddings* at San Fiancisco which are in dis-
pute, at the puce for" winch they might be expected to sell
if they were m matker, tliey aio worth, probabh. not less
than ten to twelve million do'lars. The lots held in the
fame citv by private owners, under titles derived fiom the
United States, aie estimated, wnh their present improve-
ment*. at t\vent\'-fivc to thnty millions.
" Tne right of th*. United Stages and of their grantees to
all this property, and to a large quantity besides, in other
paits of the State, has been in extieme jeopardy, and is yet
in much peril. The pretended grants from Mexico have
been forged with skill as well as boldness uneqaaled in thfc
Instoiy of puch frauds.. The doeumentaiy evidence, indeed,
was so artfully got up that the local tribunals of the Gov—-
eminent in California have been induced to look on them
witli a ceitcim degree of allowance, and even of favor. The
greatest of these cases, that of Limantour—the greatest in
atrocity as well as in magnitude—passed through the board
of land commissioners and got a decree pronouncing it hon-
est and genuine. It is now pending in the district couit. I
have examined the evidence before the commissioners, and
most of that which has been taken since the appeal, and I
am thoiougbly satisfied that it is the most stupendous fraud
ever perpetrated since the beginning of the world. Thus far
it has been successful, because the Executive of the Gov-
ernment has not had the means of resisting it with the vigor
which ought to be employed. Other claims, with as little
mei it as Limantour's, have been even more successful than
his.
Under these circumstances, it was thought by the Presi-
dent and by the heads of the several Departments which
had change of the property endangeied, to employ special
counsel, to be sent out fiom here fo California, with instiuc-
tions to protect the interests of the Government there, and
to give his particular and, if necessary, his undivided atten-
tion to the chum of Limantour. Edwin F. Stanton. Esq.,
has been employed, and is now performing the duty as-
signed to him with the ability and fidelity which might be
cspectccl from his very high professional character. The
sum neee^aiy to pay for the ?,ervices of special coun-
sel, and the piobable roj-t of getting witnesses fiom the
eastern States, from Mexico, and fiom other parts of the
woild, and other expense-* incidental to the proper manage-
ment ofcauscs so large, and the exposure o( frauds so com-
plicated, will not lie less than §40,000 duiing the next fiscal
year. Fomhis sum I ask that an appropriation be made by
Congress.
By the act of , the sum of ^30,000 was appropriated
to this purpose. This has been expended, and there is now
no fund m the Tieasmy which K specifically applicable to
the payment of the extiaoidmary expenses which must be
encounteied in defending against the claims referred to.
l.v the fee hill of 1S.">;5, the fees of counsel specially em-
ployed by the head of any'Department may be paid out of
the general judicial fund But it is thought better not to
leave lhi< esi^c to a piovwon so general Its magnitude,
and the lacttlmta^picfie appropriation was made once be-
foie tor the same object, seem to require that Congress
should give its express sanction to the evpendituie. Be-
sides that, a large poi lion of the sum now asked for is in-
tended for expenses not covered bj any general law, but,
bevond all doubt, absolutely necessary.
The interc-t^ of the United States with reference to these
land claims in California have heretofoie generally been in '
the hands of the succesnve di-;niet attorneys. They have
been as laithl'iiily and well attended to as they could be by "
one pei-on. But one per-on cannot poss-ibly peiioun the
great lnbot icquiied by them, even if the other business of
thp otfice did not require his whole attention. Theie is no
authoi ity to employ an a<visunt. or even a clerk I send
herewith copies of letters from the pie^ent dutuct attorney
and hi* immediate predecessor, trom which it appeals to
me. vety manifc*t that the propei leltef ought to be gianted
by a law which will authouze the payment of assistants
heretofore employed, and those which it may be necessaiy
to employ beieaiter.
Mm-li "delay has been encountered in bnnginir up appeal*
from the district coui t to the Supreme Court, caused by mc
difficulty of getting the records trnnsciiberi. They me, of
couise, vety voluminous The clerk of the district court
cannot copy them himself, noi find other peisons willing to
do it for the fee* allowed by law.
To remedy this evil, it will be necessary to authorize the
district attorney to eontiact with the necessary number of
clerks to do the wotk at a leasonable price, not exceeding
a certain limit, say one bundled and fiuv dollai- pei month
to each of tin m. I .im informed tli.it the ti.mscnpt-, winch
should be made now or very soon, will icqune the labor of
three clerk.- lor about five months.
\ outs respectfully, J- BLACK,
lion. Jaml- s Ij. Our, Speaker of House of Rept eseatattvci.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 have heard
the reference of the Attorney General to the eases
of the United States pending in the courts of Cal-
ifornia. It is well calculated to produce the im-
pression that Ihe necessity for this cxtraowlinary
expense is pressing, and, ordinarily, I should
yield to the suggestion he makes. But I am op-
posed to this loose mode of doing business. The
law now allows additional counsel to assist the
United States attorney before the land commis-
! sioneis, and we have the United States attorney
I m each of the distncts, m addition. How many
S lawyers do the United Slates demand in Califor-
j nia? How do we know these expenditures will
I ever be made in California? Why not at Wash-
| ington ' The law is by no means guarded, and
the discretion is left entirely to the Executive to
spend this money on such persons, and at such
places, as he may think proper. I object to all
this. We are told the Limantour claim is that in
which a bold and stupendous forgery has been per-
petrated. Why, sir, if there had been a forgery
of grant in the case, that cannot add much to the
difficulty of its management by counsel. It seems
to me it would be fir preferable to appoint attor-
neys for the United Slates who can manage all
these cases for the compensation of the office,
rather tlian to b'e spending tlia^e enormous sums
