2394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
in employing additional counsel to attend to our
business in court. I do not mean to say the at-
torneys we now have are not competent, for of
that I know nothing, but the idea of spending
$40,000 per year in counsel fees for additional
counsel in our California cases, certainly indicates
that there is wrong somewhere. The Limantour
case has been subjected to very critical investiga-
tion; everybody in San Francisco is interested
against it; and 1 should think the whole chain of
title on which it rests must, by this time, be per-
fectly understood, and, therefore, that the man-
agement of it by counsel would be comparatively
easy. I am inclined altogether to withhofd my
concurrence in this amendment.
The question was "taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
For the employment of such number of clerks, not ex-
ceeding three, by the district attoiney of the northern dis-
trict of California, as may be necessary to transcribe the
records of the district court, in land cases, upon which ap-
peals have been or may be taken to the Supreme Couit,
such sum as may be nece^ary is hereby appreciated, pio-
vided the compensation eh all not exceed one hundred and
fifty dollars a mouth for each.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. It seems to me that that
provision is entirely unnecessary, because it is the
duty of the clerk to furnish any transcripts of
records which may be required.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It is a physical
impossibility in the present state of the lecords—
costing from eight to fifteen hundred dollars—
which are jjot up by the defendants. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend a concur-
rence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
For the reasonable expenses of the late and present dis-
trict attorneys for the northern district of California,for as-
sistance in their office, such sum is to be paid out oi the
judicial fund, if huch expenses shall be appioved by the
Attorney General : Provided. That those expenses shall not
exceed three hundred dollars per month: *%nd provided
further, That tins appropriation shall be applicable only to
the present fiscal year, and ihe next succeeding fi-eal year,
which will terminate on the 30th day of June, 1859.
' Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommended a concurrence in
that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
From the following paiaqraph strike out ".$5,511," and
insert in lieu tliereol " £7.9:20." so that it will read:
For the support and maintenance of said penitentiary,
$7,920 25
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
that amendment. There have been a large num-
ber of occupants in the penitentiary lately, and
the expenditures being correspondingly increased,
thisadditionalappropriation was found necessary.
Mr. GARNETT. I believe that the strict rules
of order do not prevail in committee, and I rise
to give notice, that I shall ask separate votes on
the amendments, which we have passed by, in
reference to the Smithsonian Institution. I wish
also to state briefly—as I shall have no opportu-
nity of doing it in the House—why I shall do so.
Before I had the honor to become a member of
this House I noticed the plan of removing the col-
lections of the exploring expeditions of the Uni-
ted States into the Smithsonian Institution, and
since then I have been only the more confirmed
that it was but the beginning of quartering that
institution upon the Federal Government. The
first step is to take a part of the Smithsonian build-
ing, which, according to its original design, was
set apart for a library. You take that room, and
the collections of the exploring expeditions are
carried there from the Patent Office. The next
move is to pay the cost of fitting up that room in
their own building; then we shall be asked to
supply them with officers to take care of those
collections, and it will go on until one half the ex-
pense of the institution is paid by the General
Government. I believe that this is inexpedient
and unconstitutional, and I desire, at the first op-
portunity, to enter my protest against it.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to say a word in re-
ply to the gentleman. He has altogether mistaken
the object. The object seems to be to quarter the
Government upon the Smithsonian Institution,
rather than to quarter the Smithsonian Institution
upon the Government. This collection of natural
history was in the Patent Office. The regents of j'
the Smithsonian Institution consent to relieve the
Government from its charge, and that it might be
removed to that building, provided the General
Government would make provision for taking care
of it.
Mr. GARNETT. Is the gentleman willing to
vote to strike itall out? - He considers that we are
upon the bounty of the regents of the Smithso-
nian Institution in this matter, and therefore I
suppose he will he willing to vote it out.
Mr. ENGLISH. I will say that the Smithso-
nian Institution will not accept this collection, if
the expense of keeping it up is to be saddled upon
that Institution.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
"For compensation of two additional guards, hereby au-
thori-aed, $1,320/'
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The-committee
recommend a concurrence m that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Strike out the following :
" No part of the amount appropriated by any act of Con-
gress for the service of any one fiscal year shall be used for
or applied to the service of any other year, nor be trdu&iened
to or used for anv branch ofexpenditure than that for which
it may be specifically appropuated :• Provided, That noth-
ing herein contained shall apply to appropriations lor the j
present or next fiscal year-"
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Hereafter the estimates for the various Evecutive De-
partments shall designate not only the amount required to
be appropriated for ihe next fiscal year, but also tin; amount
of the outstanding appropuation, if tlieie be any, which
will probably be required to be used for each paiticular item
of expenditure.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It will be remem-
bered that when this section was added to the bill
in the House, I, to some extent, concurred in it.
Upon subsequent examination it was found that
it would embarrass present arrangements. The
present amendment, made by the Senate, will an-
swer every purpose of the original section; and
the committee recommend that it shall be con-
curred m as a substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. When this sec-
tion of the bill was first offered by me as an amend-
ment, in March last, it received the general con sent
of the House. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means accepted it, and ingrafted it
upon the deficiency bill. When it was offered
the other day it was objected to slightly by that
gentleman, but it was sustained, on a vote by yeas
and nays, by more than two to one. The bill was
sent to the Senate, and they ingrafted upon the
bill an amendment, by way of a substitute. That
amendment is puerile. It amounts to nothing at
all. It is nothing more than the existing law.
Gentlemen will find in the Executive Documents
the very information which the Executive Depart-
ments are required to give by this amendment. I
regard the original provision as very important.
If we intend to chcck the expenditures of the
Government, or if we intend to check the Execu-
tive in the use or abuse of money appropriated,
we must adopt some such provision as this.
If there ever was any necessity for the transfer
of appropriations, that necessity does not exist
now. If it ever existed, it was when the expira-
tion of the fiscal year was on the 30th of Decem-
ber, and it was then frequently necessary to use
unexpended balances to enable the Government
to carry on its operations. But now the appro-
priation bills are passed before the commencement
of each fiscal year. We are now passing appro-
priation billsfor the next fiscal year, which com-
mences July 1, instead of January l,and none of
the money is to be expended until the 1st day of
July next. There can therefore be no necessity
that any part of the money appropriated for one
fiscal year should be used for the next year, for
we can now appropriate a sum sufficient for the
expenses of the next fiscal year.
Under the old system theie could be no accuracy
in keeping the public accounts. It was the game
of " lap and slam." Under it the expenditures
of one year were so mingled with those of another,
that no check existed upon disbursing officers, ;
and money which we judged necessary for one j
branch of the public service was applied to a dif- I
ferent purpose. And thiswasdone under a pio-
vision of the old law of August, 1842, intended ij
only to apply to the year and bill to which it was ![
attached, !<
It seems to me that the amendment, which the
House has adopted by a vote of two to one, should
be adhered to. I do not want the Senate to dic-
tate to the House any longer, or, by its amend-
ments, restrain us from making provisions neces-
sary to protect the Government from extravagant
expenditures, and from misapplying the appro-
priations of public money.
The question was then taken; and the Senate
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that the action of the commit-
tee be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The next bill taken up was a bill (H. R. No.
189) making appropriations for the preservation
and repair of fortifications and other works of de-
fense, barracks and quarters, for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1859.
Mr. WHITELEY. I offer, as a substitute for
the bill, the amendment which I send to the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. J. GLANCYJONES. Let the bill be first
read.
The bill was read. It appropriates $350,000,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the preservation and repairs of
fortifications, barracks, and quarters, for the year
ending June 30, 1849.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 believe that, upon this bill,
general debate is in order.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. I wish to know
whether the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means proposes to go on this evening, and
take further action upon these appropriation bills?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I desire to go on
with the consideration of the bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I believe I have the floor. I wish
to make a proposition to the committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman from
Missouri give way for a moment?
Mr. BLAIR. 1 wish to say to the committee
that I desire to address the committee upon the
subject of the Pacific railroad; and if I can get the
consent of the committee to print a speech, I will
write it out, and not detain the committee by
making it.
Mr. ENGLISH. I object. I care not what
it is upon.
Mr. WHITELEY. Mr. Chairman, how did I
lose the floor ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Del-
aware will give way, I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the committee.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The first section of the bill has
been read. Am I not entitled to the floor, to ex-
plain the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The practice of the com-
mittee, as the Chair understands it, has been that
the gentleman reporting the bill under considera-
tion is entitled to the floor, if he claims it, when
the bill is taken up. The Chair assigned the floor
to the gentleman from Missouri, supposing that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania did not desire
to occupy it.
Mr. GROW. I desire, with the consent of the
gentleman from Missouri, to make a proposition
to the committee, and to my colleague, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
which, I presume, will be satisfactory to all par-
ties; it is, that the committee go on with business
as long as it is the desire of the committee,and that
when we get through with business we will take
a recess, with the understanding that the gentle-
man from Missouri shall have the floor after the
recess, and that no business shall be transacted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. As I stated yes-
terday, I concur in that arrangement, and hope
the committee will agree to it.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
that will be the understanding.
[Cries of" Agreed!" "Agreed !"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to make a sugges-
tion which will perhaps facilitate the business of
the committee. The fortification bill, reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means, contains but
a single clause. The amendment which the gen-
tleman from Delaware has indicated his purpose
