185S.i
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
003
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Revolution in the Law o f the Land—Mr. Walton.
Ho. of Reps.
appearance of the bill, promptly nailed it to the
Speaker's table. In March, 1857, when Mr. Cal-
houn's scheme was precisely ten years and one
month old, the court adopted it as its own, and
President Buchanan pledged himself " cheerfully
to submit." The court adopted as law what Con-
gress had ever denied from 1789 to 1354; what
Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Buchanan both denied, by
excluding slavery north of 36° 30', in the Texas
resolutions of 1845; what Congress refused to de-
clare as law in 1847; what Mr. Calhoun himself
denied in 1848, by his vote to extend the Mis-
souri compromise to the Pacific ocean; what the
southern Democratic Senators denied at the same
time, by the same vote; what Congress denied in
the territorial bills of 1850; and what Congress
also denied, by retaining the Missouri compro-
mise, down to the 30th of May, 1854.
In view of these facts, so utterly irreconcilable
with any settled conviction that Congress had not
constitutional power to prohibit slavery, I hesi-
tate not to say, that the purpose winch Mr. Cal-
houn conceivcd, and which the President and the
judiciary have attempted to execute, was purely
political, founded upon no express provision of
the Constitution, and no previous interpretation
of it; founded upon nothing but a determination
to extend slavery, without the consent of Congress
or the people; and excused by nothing but those
shallow, sectional, and therefore mischievous, no-
tions of an " equilibrium of free and slave States"
in number, and " equality of rights," which have
not a shadow of support, either in the Constitu-
tion or the history of the Union. * The politicians
of the pro-slavery school—the President and the
mart—are one;it is for the future to show whether
Congress and the people shall withstand or sub-
mit. The, Congress of 3tC>4 was a party in the
scheme; the Congress of 1858 may be a party m
the scheme. The country looks to the next.
Let us look for a moment at the legislative and
judicial politicians of 1854, harmoniously blend-
ing to give us a new Constitution without the pro-
cess of formal amendment, or so much as saying
to the States and the people, <s by your leave." In
the month of April, 3854, the Dred Scott case was
argued in the united States circuit court for Mis-
souri; and in that same Apul, 3854, the Kansas-
Nebraska bill was argued in Congress. In May,
1854, the court decided the case for slavery; and j
in that same month of May, and on the30th day
thereof, Congress passed the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. What was it? Every way a most remarkable
act—remarkable for Hs fullness of promise; more
remarkable for its fullness of failures; most re-
markable for the fate of us prophet. lleiSHoJen-
l nvly without honoi,snve m his own paily. Tlh
■pari ii h is read bun out; but with tolerable a.ssurane.e
that he will reed his party out—outof the favor of
the people, out of the next Congress, and out of
the next Presidency. A fitting climax to the un-
expected accidents of the Nebraska bill. It prom-
ised quiet, and has given us agitation; peace, and
we Jul ve had ihesword; iiou-mlerfeience, and we
have had interference; fairness, and we have had
fraud; law and order, and we have disorder and
defiance to all law; freedom,and we have slavery;
the rights of the sovereign people, and the peo-
i-teriee of the poivet in Con^'ie-s to pa^ a law to piolnbit
slaveiv in Terntoiics,; and u .-ueh a taw was prc.-cuied to
the ^upienuj Couit lot a decision on its con-urutioiiality,
it would Ik- in f.woi ot'tlio law. As a judicial question, the
dot i-ion would be u<Miu t the protection of the South.5'—
Jicnton's jltaihituifion oj Died S^oll Case, note, pane 'hi.
'The latitieation of nine States wa-. iequ:rrd to lorm
tin* Itiuo!i : and thntcen wis the. whole number at the
adoption ot' the Constitution. You cannot divide these ij
mini hers h}' two. .Moreover. eight of the tlutC'cn were j e- j |
U uded ltee. to onl> live <-lave State-; and ihw nee jj
States (including Vermont) to not e\i e  dnui Soui new --lave ,
States v\ue piovided lor. So much fo> equihbiuinj." j.
!n federal Convention, Au;.'iht "29. 17C7. Gouveuyui M >r- i|
ris moved to stuke our front the elan -e on the adnn^s-iou of > I
new States, the woids—" The new States .shall he udrnt- ; i
led on the iame terms inth the oi igmai blutcs."' Mr. .Mot- [ i
ri><ldid not whIi to hind down the Jiegitdatuie to admit N
western States on the term-! here stated.'" Mi.Lancdon ii
'* did not know but circumstances might arise which v\ ou!d i1
i r-ndei it intoriT' nxent to admit new States oulcnif> ofc<juul-
j/!/.5-1 Mi. William-on was. for leaving the Legislature
/iee." Mr. Moms s motion was agreed to—linn" .States
voting <• ay," and two States (Maijland and Vicuna) vot-
ing •' no.'5 (Madron Pap-r^, j Eiiior^ Debate-, 19-2, )
Thu-%, ConsTie^ was Jort v itii tlie simple powei to admit
new States, lestiamed in nothing except that they t-haii be |
£-iepubiican." (Constitution, aitide 4, -section 3) So
much for u equality."'
pie have been defrauded of their first, their dear-
est, and most sacred rights. Why should it not
defeat its party? But in one point,and the chief
ofie, the Kansas-Nebraska bill has not failed. It
repealed the Missouri compromise, and swept our
widedomain north of 36^30' of the statute against
slavery. _ Thus it prepared the way for the South
to bring in its legions of slaves; and the court has
decided that they can go in " under the Consti-
tution of the United States." The design of the
politicians has been confirmed by the court, and
now it stands out in characters far too bold to be
blinked. Slavery the supreme law in Federal ter-
ritory ! Slavery the general rule! Freedom the
exception! That is the revolution. Let us sec
how it was to be achieved.
I will consider the edict of the court as it comes
to us, officially declared and illustrated, by the
President of die United States. Let us consult
his official announcement to the country, in the
first blush of gratitude to a confiding people, and
the fieshest sanctity of his official oath:
A difleience of opinion has att^eu in reg.ud to the time
when the people of a Territory shall deride this question [<>/
slavery] Jor ihcm-selve^.^—Inaugural Jlddrcst, March, 18o7.
It is of the rights of the sovereign people he
speaks.
" Tin> i<, happily, a matter of but little piactical nnpoit-
ance."—Z7>.
To be sure, it concerns the rights of the peo-
ple and the liberties of men; to be sure, it is a
mere question of time—one year or ten; a petty
question, whether they shall be half buried, or
wholly buried, benoath the black Hood of slavery,
before they can decide whether they will be buried
at all or not. To be sure, this is a very small
matter, or the President is very much mistaken.
Jiut he goes on:
And. besides, it is a iwh< lal <[-ic>Liov, whu h logitima'ely
belong to the Supieme Comt of the United States, hdore
whon\ it i?  o?{' pending, and will, it u understood, he. speed-
ily and finally settled.'''
" before whom it is now pending!" The Pres-
ident " understood" that. It is true, then, J hat the j
Nebraska act was a mere tender to the Dred Scott \
decision, and Congress the very humble servant, •
to sweep the path in which the court would tread. I
Audit isa iSjmlichiL(\\wntiQi\Si—not political! for ;
the court, which is hardly responsible to any- j
body; and not for Congress—not for the Uepre- |
sentatives of the States and the people—whose i
responsibility is direct and inevitable. Ft is the i
Executive, too—one of the three coordinate j
brandies of the Government—who thus exalts the [
one at the expense of the other! But, again, &aul j
the President: j
'• To their de< i-.ion, in common with all s ood e iti/en?., / .
skt/Utharrfully submit, wkutecer Hu* nuuj —Samr, i
Sir, it is not fit that I should stand here to
harshly judge the President of the United States— ;
  venerable old man, whose very age demands j
our homage and respect—now sinking from the ;
topmost place of all the dignities of earth, by I
weight of years, and toils and cares: but no light ■
words will serve, through any skill of mine, to ,
express the sentimonta i hold of that inaugural j
pledge. Then; are those who take thot pledge as !
proof of colluu.n between the President and the j
court, agninst the powers of Congress and the \
hbeitios of the people. 1 take it as it stands: a
total surrender of the independence of the Presi-
dent; a surrender of his constitutional right of
judgment on a high official act, involving as well
his own powr.s as the powers of another c<.ordi-
nate branch ot the Government; and a pledge in
advance, without examination, without judgment,
w itliout a why or wherefoi e, ot uncondiiional sub-
mission to the court. Highest in dignity, as the
President is; equal in power with each of the oth<>r
two great constitutional branches of the Govern-
ment, as the Piesidentis, and bound by his very
oath to preserve Ins independence perfect and in-
tact in the very least official act, it strikes me that
the servility of that declai ation was complete; that
it implied a total surrender ot the dignity of his
position; a neglect of the' high duty of his office,
and an impeachment of the very independence
that we are alone bound to respect.
Not so have other occupants of the presiden-
tial chair demeaned themselves and the dignity of
their place; not so mistaken then duty, pi iviiege,
and light.
Said Mr. Madison, in founding the Constitu-
tion, and long before he reached the highest post
created by it:
" If it bo a fundamental principle of free government that
i the le<n-dativ<.\ executive, and judiciaiy powers should be
j separately exeicwed, it is equally ^o that they be independ-
j ently evoked."—Rtliofb J)d>utet>, 337.
Said Washington, in his Farewell Address:
"The habits ot thinking, in a free country, should inspire
caution m tho^e mtm-ted with us adimmslt ation to con-
fine thpm*pJve<i within their respective constitntLinrf sj Aer<?s,
avoiding, in the evcicne of the powers of one department,
to encroach upon another. The spirit of encroachment
tends to consolidate the powers of all the departments in
one, and tlin^ to cieate, whatever the form of government,
a ical decpotiMn."
The submission of the executive to the judici-
ary, is submission to an encroachment; the subor-
dination of the executive and legislative branches
to the judicial, is but to " consolidate the powers
of all the departments in one, and thus to cicate
a real despotism." I believe in Washington.
Said President Jackson:
" The opinion of the judges has no more authority over
Congress than the opinion of Congress has over the judges;
and on that point the President, is independent of both. The
aulhoi ity of the Supreme Court mn^t not, therefore, be per-
mitted to eonh">! the Congress or the Ereeufire, when acting
in their legi.vlanve capacities, but to have only such influ-
ence a* thefotceof their reasoning may deserve."—- Presi-
dent Jackson^ Veto Message on Bill to Charter the United
States- Bank, July 10, J 832.
Sir, I thought, and honestly thought, that dec-
laration of President Jackson anogant, then; I
think it admirable now. It contains the constitu-
tional rule.
1 pass to the next announcement of the Piesi-
i dent, five months after the inaugural address, and
the decision of the court. It is m that remark-
able document, then unofficial, but since made
I official—the Pierident's lettei of August lf>, 1857,
i to Professor Silhman and others, citizens of Con-
necticut:
; " Plaveiy existed at that period, [the passage ofthe Kan-
, ^as-Nebras-kn bill.] and still exi?t^ in Kan^a4*. under the Con-
i it'tntion of the United Statei. This point ha< at last been
j decided bv llie hiidie^t uibunal known loom laws . How
; it eouid ever have been doubted, h a mvsteiy."
I Behold the advance ! In March, only five
! months before, it was a mere question of timo
■ that was submitted to the court; in August, it was
, a grave constitutional principle that had been as-
: sorted. In March, it was merely a question "when
i the people of a Territory shall decide this quos-
! tion of slavery for themselves;" m August, they
i cannot decide it atall! In March, it was squatter
i sovereignty or State sovereignty; in August, it is
! neither—slavery " exists under the Constitution
! of the United States. " In Maich, it was "a ques-
. tion of little practical importance" that was sub-
: mitted to the court; in August, the court hadas-
! sorted a supreme rule of law, and a rule utterly
subversive of all the ideas and intentions of the
; framers of the Constitution, and of the practice of
; the Government ;a rule of law never even dreamed
j of until IH47, and then consigned, by common
! consent, to quiet sleep upon the table of the Sen-
; ate. The dream of the South Carolina Senator
j has been realized by the court. It has received
; the lineaments nnd power of a new divinity from
i the breath of the court. The President " igno-
j rantly wotshiped" it m March; but in August,
j his faith was fired by sight, and, in all the glow
i of a new conviction, he shouts, I believe! the
i WONDER IS TIIAT i F.VLR DOUBTED ! And whatlS
, the new Democsatic creed imposed by this new
Democratic divinity? It is a reversal of the com-
mon law as to the Territories. It is, that slavery
went into Kansas, and goes into every new Ter-
ritory, "uniUi Iht Constitution." It is, that Con-
gress cannot exclude it, and the territorial people
and government cannot exclude if. It is, tlui? sla-
very must go there, and stay there—at least until
the people, by virtue of their sovereignty as an
, organized State, shall turn it out. It is, that wc
are to have no peace, but an ever-recurring strug-
gle m the Territories on their setilement, and m
Congress on their admission as a State. No peace!
no more peace' but strife and heart-burnings; a
dearth and death of patriotic .sentiments, fraternal
affections, and mutual respect; passion responding
to passion, and threats to throats—in this Capitol,
in tho Srates, and among all the people; struggle
upon stfurr'ile, and conflict upon conflict, involv-
ing, at last, the Territories, the States, and the
