1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
thp Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
ELMIRA WHITE.
Mr. CHAFFEE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Elmira White, widow
of Captain Thomas R. White; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
JAMES FUGATE.
Mr. CHAFFEE,from the same committee, re-
ported a biil granting an invalid pension to James
Fugate, of Missouri; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report, ordered to beprinted.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. CASE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid P<*psionsbe dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of N.
G Howell and others, citizens of South Carolina, and that
lhe same be referred to the Committee on IJubhc Lands.
MICHAEL KINNEY.
Mr. CASE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 35) for the relief of
Michael Kinney, late a private in company I,
eighth regiment United States Army; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
CORNELIUS H. LATHAM.
Mr. MORSE, of New York, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Cor-
nelius H. Latham; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to
be printed.
EDWARD N. KENT.
Mr. M \CLAY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill for the relief of Edward N.
Kent; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. As the committees
have all been called, I move that the House pro-
ceed to take up private bills from the Senate upon
the Speaker's table, and refer them.
The motion was agreed to; and the following
bills were taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
An act (S. No. 58) to authorize and direct the
settlement of the accounts of Ross Wilkins, James
Witherell, and Solomon Sibley. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I
An act (S. No. 137) for the relief of the heirs-
at-law of the late Abigail Nason, sister and de- |
visee of John Lord, deceased. Referred to the i
Committee of Claims.
An act (S. No. 194) for the relief of James
Bawden. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
An act (S. No. 167) for the relief of the own-
ers of the bark Attica, of Portland, Maine. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Hickey, one of their clerks, informing the House
that the Senate had passed the following acts and
joint resolutions; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 161) for the admission of the
State of Kansas into the Union;
An act (S. No. 117) for the relief of William
• Allen, of Portland, m the State of Maine;
An act (S. No. 210) to create additional land
districts in the State of California, and for other
purposes; and
A resolution (S. No. 24) authorizing Lieuten-
ant William N. Jeffers to accept a sword of honor
from her Majesty the Q,ueen of Spain.
Mr. LETCHER. I now renew my motion that
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. COBf3. I ask the gentleman from Virginia
to withdraw his motion until I can make a motion
to refer the bill which has just come from the Sen-
ate, in relation to additional land districts in Cali-
fornia, to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. COBB. I will not press my motion to refer,
and when the bill comes up, if there is no objec-
tion to it, I will move to put it on its passage.
The motion of Mr. Chaffee was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Letcher was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
deficiency bill.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Smith] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman,
owing to the disadvantages under which I appear
to address the committee on the subject of Kansas
at this time—exhausted as it seems to be—I can
but little hope to impart new interest and new
light to the subject. Still, however, I propose to
ask the attention of the committee to those views
which I shall present, trusting that, if they shall
not be convincing, they will not be entirely with-
out profit.
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the committee,
it will be necessary, according to the view which
I take, and in view of the short time now allotted
to me, to avail myself of future occasions to com-
plete that which 1 will not now, perhaps, be able
to accomplish.
1 beg leave to ask the attention of the commit-
tee to a few anterior facts—historical now, but
important by way of answer to some of the ob-
jections that have been taken m connection with
this matter. It is known to the committee as a
historical fact that we acquired Louisiana on the
30th of April, 1803, by purchase from the French
Republic, at a price of $11,250,000, I shall not
pause to comment on the then condition of that
territory, nor shall I pause with any other view
than simply to refer to a clause of the tieaty stip-
ulating that the people of that territory should
have all the rights of American citizenship. That
clause is as follows:
" The inhabitants of the coded territory shall be incoi po-
lated into the Union of the United States, and admitted as
soon as possible, according to the pi inciples of the Federal
Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the lights, advantages,
and immunities of citizens of the United States; and in
the mean time they shall be maintained and protected in
the free enjoyment of their liberty, pioperty, and the religion
they profess."
Suffice it to say now that the condition of that
territory is to be found, by common consent, in
the necessity which was afterwards deemed to
exist, of providing by actual legislation to change
its character. It was ill the year 1820 that the
Congress of the United States deemed it neces-
sary to change the character of that territory by
what is called the Missouri compromise, or, more
properly speaking, restriction. I say "more
properly speaking" because there is nothing of
compromise in the eighth section, to which such
frequent reference is had, but simply a restric-
tion.
I suppose that the committee will readily per-
ceive that there was a necessity for that restric-
tion. They will also readily perceive that, with-
out that restriction, there would have been none
of the present difficulties that have torn and rended
the country asunder, and endangered its peace
and repose. Passing on from that subject, how- :
ever, and having thus briefly adverted to it, in :
order to present a connected view, we come to i
the year 1853. • |
On the 5th of December, 1853, Senator Dodge, '
of Iowa, gave notice of his purpose to introduce a
bill for the formation of a territorial government
for the Territory of Nebraska.
On the 14th of December, on leave, Mr. Dodge
introduced his bill; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories. On the 4th of January,
1854, Mr. Douglas, the chairman of that com-
mittee, reported said bill with amendments, and
live thousand copies of the bill, amendments, and
report, were ordered to be printed. On the 16th
of January,Mr. Dixon, a Senator from Kentucky,
at that time a Whig, and, for aught I know, still
a Whig, stated that he should offer the following
amendment when the bill came up:
" Sco.23. Be it farther enacfedi That so much of the eighth
section of the act approved March 6,1820, entitled 4 An act
to authorize the people ol the Missouri Territory to form a
constitution and State government, nud for the admission
of such State into the Union on an equal footing ivtth the
original States, and to prohibit slavery in certain Territo-
ries,' as declares 'that in all the territory ceded by France
to the United States, under the name of Louisiana; which
lies north of 35° 30' north latitude, slavery and involuntary
servitude, otherwise than m punishment of crimes where-
of the parties shall have been duly convicted, shall be for-
ever prohibited,' shall not be so construed as to apply to the
1 erritory contemplated by this act, or to any other Terri-
tory of the United States *, but that the citizens of the several
States or Territories shall be at liberty to take and hold their
slaves within any of the Territories of the United States,
or of the btates to be formed therefrom, as if the said act
entitled as aforesaid, approved as aforesaid, had never been
passed."
On the day following, Mr. Sumner gave notice
of his purpose to offer a counter proposition. On
the 20th of January, Mr. Douglas proposed to
divide Nebraska, so as to make an additional
Territory, to be called Kansas; and the result
was that the act creating territorial governments
for Nebraska and Kansas passed on the 30th of
May, 1854.
I mention these facts, Mr. Chairman and gen-
tlemen of the committee, for the purpose of letting
the committee see and understand the true origin
of this matter, its real patrons, and the manner
in which it comes before the country. In this
connection, also, it is well known, a very exciting
debate sprang up; and the Democratic party, at
that time in strong ascendency in the Flails of
Congress, was overthrown in the country. The
elections that ensued for members of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress resulted in the overthrow of the
Democratic party, and, as it was thought, never
to rise again. But, thank God, there is vitality
enough 111 that great party—founded on sound
principles and in popular sympathies—to enable
it to defy its enemies and to recover any ground
it may, on particular occasions, lose. After the
election of members to the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress the sober second thought of the people
seemed to have returned; and they sent to tliia
Hall for this, the Thirty-Fifth Congress, a large
majority, as it was believed, of those who would
represent their sentiments and carry out the policy
that was inaugurated in 1854.
President Buchanan, in his last annual message,
adverting to the condition of things in Kansas,
which is the great and absorbing question now
agitating the country, indicated his purposes and
opinions; without, however, recommending any
particular policy, as he could not do, of course,
in consequence of not having any basis on which
to justify it. That recommendation, or that in-
timation of a purpose and policy, was, as we all
know, fiercely seized upon and denounced by
gentlemen who had been heretofore acting with
us on this subject. It was a matter of astonish-
ment in the country, that in this and in the other
House of Congress there should have been hos-
tility indicated to the views of the President in
connection with this subject, which was wholly
inconsistent, according to the general sentiment
of the country, with the past history of the party.
But so it is. On the 2d of February, 1858, the
Lecompton constitution—and I come to the term
at once—having been received by the President,
was sent to Congress with a recommendation that
Kansas should be admitted under it. Previously
to that, however—on the 21st of December, 1857
—we had a memorial presented to us by the Del-
egate from that Territory, asking for the admis-
sion of Kansas under the Topeka constitution.
That memorial was referred to the Committee
on Territories. As I understand it, the census-
takers, under the Topeka constitution, submitted
the petition to the people of each county, and col-
lected their views. I advert to it thus particularly,
because the Delegate has indorsed it as follows:
" Memorial of 4,170 citizens of Kansas, asking that Kan-
sas may be admitted into the Union under the Topeka con-
st) union.''
I say, without dwelling on this subject, that
here is an important fact, at least in reference to
the strength of one party of that Territory; which
fact I shall hereafter use.
What, then, is the condition of things ? Wo
have two applications before us; one to admit
Kansas into the Union under the Topeka consti-
tution, and the other to admit her uader.the Le-
