1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
to offer, contains fifteen, twenty, or thirty items.
Now, I propose that, by unanimous consent, that
amendment be printed, so that gentlemen may
know exactly what it is when we resume the con-
sideration of the bill.
ThoCHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
that it is not in the power of the committee to
order the printing: of the amendment.
Mr FLORENCE. It has been the practice to
do it by unanimous consent.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If my colleague
will turn to page 199 of the book of estimates, he
will find printed there the whole of the matter
which the gentleman from Delaware proposes to
oiler.
I desire to explain the bill now under consid-
eration, but I shall not detain the committee long.
The appropriations made last year for fortifica-
tions amounted to $3,971,300. The estimates
for last year amounted to $2,541,300. The ap-
propriations, therefore, exceeded the estimates
$1,430,000. The amount estimated for 1859, the
next fiscal year, is $1,931,000. The amount re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means
is $350,000, reducing the estimates for the next
fiscal year $1,531,000. The large estimate made
last year, when the Treasury was full, was to
carry on an extensive system of building and im-
proving fortifications at the different points where
fortifications have been started. It was the de-
sire of the Committee of Ways and Means to
dispense with the whole system, as far as they j
could consistently with existing contracts; and it j
was the opinion of the com mil tec that $350,000, I
left to the discretion of the Secretary of War, !
would preserve and keep in repair all the forts for |
at least one year. That is why the committee re- ,
duccd the estimates. If it is the will of Congress
that these works shall be carried on and com- j
pIoted,it will require every dollar that the gentle- ;
man from Delaware proposes to appropriate. But 1
the Committee of Ways and Means came to the ,
conclusion that it was high time that we should ;
be economical, and they have taken the response i
bility of recommending that only so much shall
be appropriated as is necessary to keep the works
in repair.
Mr. WHITELEY obtained the floor. j
Mr. PHILLIPS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Delaware, I desire to ask my col- j
league a question. I wish to know for what spe- j
cific items this sum of $350,000 is appropriated > \
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It is left under the j
discretion of the Secretary of War, to be used at ;
any point where repairs may be necessary. |
Mr. WHITELEY. I desire to offer the fol- j
lowing amendment: '
Sinko out all after the enacting clause, and mseit the fol- i
lowing a- a substitute : j
Taut the following sums be, and they aie hereby, appro- J
pri.ited out of any money in the Treasuiy not otherwise >
appmpuated. lot the construction, preservation, and lepans (
of ooi tain toi uricanons, barracks, and quaiteis, loi the year j
ending June 30, 180^ : I
For lopaiis or Foit Mackinac, Michigan, ,$9,000. I
Foi repaus of Fort Wayne, Detioit. Michigan, $50,000. I
For repaus of Fort Niagara, New York, §50,1)00. j
For iopairs of Foit Ontario, New Yoik. .-yoU.000. j
Fo! FoitjMontgoineiy,outlotof L.ike Chainplam,.$50,000. ]
For Fo:t Knox, at the narrows oi the PcJiobneut iivei, j
Maine, $10,000. !
For Foit Knox, at the entrance of Kennebec ltver, :
Maine, ^,000.
For l\nt Knox, at Ilog Island ledge, in Portland harbor, :
$.h) COO. j
For Foit Warren, Boston haibor, and preservation of its
site, .«tfU,UOO. I
For Fort Winthiop, Governor's Island, Boston harbor, [
$30,000. ;
For Foit Adam*, and protection of site,Newport harbor, ■
Rhode Island, .$2.>,C00. |
For fort at Willett's Point, opposite Fort Schuyler, New j
Yoik, $100,000. !
For Fort Richmond, Staten Island, New York harbor, i
£100,00j. j
For repairs of Fort Wood, New York harbor, New York, i
$20,000. !
For repairs of Fort Columbus and Castle William, New I
Yoik harbor, New Yoik, $6,000 |
For Fort Delaware, on Delaware river, $10),000.
For Fort Carioll, Soller's Point flats, Baltimore haibor,
Mai}land, ^iOO.OOO.
For Fort Calhoun, Hampton Roads Virginia. -$75,000.
For Fort Macon, and pre eivauon of site, North Caiotma,
$10,000.
For Fort Caswell, and preservation of site, North Caro-
lina. SIO.'.OO.
For Fort Sumpter, Charleston harbor, South Caiolina,
$Q.\00Q. . :
For Fort Moultrie, preservation of site, South Carolina, I
$10,000. 1
For repairs of qimiters and barracks at Fort Johnson, j
South Carolina, $£>,000. '
For Fort Pulaski, Savannah river, Georgia, $10,000.
For repairs of Fort Jackson, Savannah river, Georgia,
$20,000.
For Fort Clinch, entrance to Cumberland sound, Florida,
$75,000. i
For Fort Tavlor, Key West, Florida, $109,000.
For Fort Jefleison, Garden Key, Florida, 3300,000.
For lepairs of Foit Pickens, Pensacoia haibor, Florida,
$50,000.
For repairs of Fort McRea, and preservation of site, Pen-
sacola haibor, Florida, $29,000.
For Fort Buiraneas, Peniacola haibor, Florida, .$07,003.
For lepairs of Fort Morgan, Mobile bay, Alabama,
$50,000.
For Fort Games, Dauphin Island, entrance to Mobile bay,
Alabama, $50,000.
For defense of Proctor's Landing, Lake Boyne, Louisi-
ana, $25,000.
For repairs of Fort Macomb, and preservation of site,
Louisiana, $4,000.
Foi repairs of Fort Pike, and preservation of site, Louis-
iana, $5,000.
For repaus and extension of Fort St. Philip, Mississippi
river, Louisiana, §10,000.
For Fort Livingston, Giand Terr6 Island, Barratara bay,
Louisiana, and pieservation of it1* Mte, $50,000.
Foi Fort at Fort Point, San Francisco bay, California,
$350,000.
For contingent expenses of fortifications, for preservation
of Mtcs protection of title:*,and repaus of sudden damages,
$30 000.
For repairs and alteration of barracks quarters, hospitals,
stoie room*, and tences at permanent foi ts not occupied by
troop*?, §15,000.
For the construction of permanent platforjtfs for modern
cannon of laige caliber, in existing fortifications of impoit-
ant licubors .$30,000.
Mr. QUITMAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Delaware, I wish to say that I
have some general observations to make upon
this bill; and I notify the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that, as chaiiman of
the Committee on Military Affairs—and I believe
I speak the sentiments of a majority of that com-
mittee.—I cannot consent to a general bill author-
izing the Secietary of War to apply the whole
amount of the appropriation to any single work.
. It is an appropriation in gross of so much money,
without specifying a single object to which it is
to be applied. That is a species of legislation
which is new, and, I believe, unexampled; for
which there is no precedent. I cannot agree, and
I hope the House will not agree to it. Our sys-
tem of fortifications is in the future. Some years
ago, the chiefof the engineer corps, General Tot-
ten, reported a plan which was considered at the
time as extravagant, for the fortification of the
whole coast of the United States.
That general system has been entered upon and
then abandoned; and for the several years past
we have had no system at ail; we have taken up
a post here and a post there; and I am therefore
opposed to any extensive appropriations for this
purpose until we have some system to go on.
But I am wholly opposed to such legislation as is
now proposed. It is, I believe, neither proper nor
in accordance with any precedent to appropriate
a gross sum of money for repairs and preserva-
tion of unifications, to be expended as the Sec-
' retary of War may think proper. He has, it is
, true, sent estimates here, but the estimates are no
; guide which would bind him in the expenditure
I of such an appropriation. He may, if he thinks
, proper, expend the whole amount upon a single
I fortification. If I could ever tiust any friend with
; such a discretion, I would cheerfully yield that
confidence to the present Secretary of War; but
, I am unwilling, as a legislator, that any such le-
! gislation should be introduced here.
; I have merely brought this matter to theatten-
; tion of the committee. I concur with tho Com-
! mittee of Ways and Means m their attempts at
j retrenchment. 1 think that, considering the fact
1 that we have no system of fortification, and con-
j sidermg the state of the public Treasury, it
j would be unwise to go into an extensive expend-
' iture which a general system of fortifications
J would require.
j While, therefore, I concur in the general objects
, the committee had in view, I cannot, as a mem-
ber of this House, consent to confer upon the Sec-
; retary of War this discretionary power. We have
| a better knowledge of the wants of the various
i works in our several localities than the Secretary
! of War can have. We know how much is needed
! for repairs or preservation of forts, and it is our
I duty to specify where the appropriations which
i we make are to be expended. I have no wish to
find any foult in regard to the rum which it is
I proposed to appropriate. I think some such sum
' is necessary to keep these several works in re-
pair; but I do object most seriously to the form
in which it is proposed to appropriate it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I understand the
gentleman from Mississippi to approve the reduc-
tion of the estimates, but that he wishes the items.
Mr. &UITMA.N. Yes, sir.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Will the gentle-
man agree to strike it all out?
Mr. GIUITMAN. No, sir.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I should have no
objection to strike out the whole sum. I will say
to'the gentleman that we did not insert the items
in the bill, because we had not the information be-
fore us on which we could with any degree of
certainty determine what was needed at the dif-
ferent localities, and we therefore determined to
make the appropriation in gross, and leave it with
the Secretary of War to expend where, in his
judgment, it was needed.
Mr. Q,UITMAN. With all due respect to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I think the only
true way by which we can arrive at any satis-
factory result is toreferthis bill back to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and let them ascer-
tain how much money is needed for the repair
and preservation of each particular work.
Mr. WHITELEY obtained the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
from Delaware wi^l permit me for a moment, I
desire to state, from a private memorandum, the
way in which we arrived at the sum which we
have reported. I give the works, with the amount
estimated for each.
The amount reported " was for the preservation
and repairs of fortifications, barracks, and quar-
ters," and was intended to cover the following
points: Fort Mackmac, Michigan, >9,000; Port
Wayne, Detroit, Michigan, $50,000; Fort Niag-
ara, New York, &50.0O0; Fort Ontario, Now York,
$50,000; Fort Wood, New York, $20,000; Fort
Columbus and Castle William, $6,000; Fort John-
son, South Carolina, $G,000; Fort Jackson,Geor-
gia, $20,000—$211,000. Fort Pickens, Florida,
$50,000; Fort McRea, Florida, $29,000; Fort Mor-
gan , Alabama, $50,000; Fort Macomb, Louisiana,
$4,000; Fort Pike, Louisiana, $5,000; -Fort St.
Philip, Louisiana, $10,000—$359,000.
This private memorandum contains the data
from which the amount we have reported was ar-
rived at. The gross amount of the several items
is $359,000. We simply reported $350,000.
Mr. WHITELEY. The amendment which I
have offered is exactly the estimates which were
sent to Congress by the Secretary of War, and
nothing more. The aggregate sum appropriated
isaboutorre million nine hun .'red thousand dollars.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to reflect
upon the Committee of Ways and Means: but
I must be permitted to say that, in my humble
judgment, they might just as well have reported
$350,000 to he thrown into the canal, as to have
reported that sum for the repairs and preservation
of the fortifications of this Union.
We are, if not on the eve of war, at the begin-
ning of an angry di pute with one of the greatest
Po wei s of the world; and in what condition are our
foi titrations from one end of the country to the
other? Some not commenced, others just under
way, and most of them unfinished. Yet the com-
; mittee recommend the paltry sum of $350,000—
i to do what? To keep them in repair. Does any
I man, when he gets his house up to the eaves, talk
, about putting boards on the top to keep it in re-
1 pair?
I As an illustration, I will refer to Fort Dela-
j ware, m the Delaware river. Tuis Government'
i has spent there about one million dollars. The
! fort is about three fourths finished; the embras-
' ures for the first tier of guns entirely completed,
. and part of the second; some of the arches com-
i pleted—a majority, however, only half turned —
| all exposed to the weather. Suppose $350,000 is
; now appropriated and expended for boards and
I other materials to cover up the work already done
; on this fortification—for its "preservation, as
1 tlus bill expresses it—will it not result in a loss to
: the Government? Ifyou do notgo on and finish a
! building which hasalreadyprogressed far towards
I completion, do you not lose from twenty-five to
1 fifty per cent, of the money you have already ex-
■ ponded? I say,and on information from the en-
i ^ineer in charge of the work I have referred to,
I that if it is not now finished the Government will
I lose from two to four hundred thousand dollars.
