1858.
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
The first result of Walker's emigration (and
interposition, if you please) was the reconcilia-
tion of the two parties which had divided the
country. It is true, he had first captured Grana-
da, but that achievement led to the happy result
of bringing about a reconciliation of the two par-
ties, and in establishing a Government which was
more permanent than any Government that has
existed in Nicaragua for many past years.
It will be recollected that, by the arrangement
agreed upon, Rivas, the leader of the Legitimist
faction., was made president, and General Walker,
the leading spirit of the Liberal party, was made
general-in-chief of the Nicaraguan army. The Le-
gitimists themselves asked that General Walker
should hold this position, that he might restrain
his own followers. The Government thus organ-
ized sent a minister to the United States, and that
minister was recognized by the United States. It
is not unworthy of note that the Government re-
sulting from this interposition of General Walker
has been recognized by our own Government.
There are a number of facts which, in this cur-
sory view, I must pass over. But it will be rec-
ollected that this was a stable Government; that
the neighboring Power of Costa Rica made war
upon it, invading the territory, but was expelled
With great slaughter.
There were followers of General Walker who
proposed to go to the relief of a faction in Hon-
duras, which was attempting to gain power; for
it will be borne in mind that tlie people who in-
habit the Central American States are a mongrel
breed of negroes, Indians, and a few Spaniards,
who are always at war with cacli other. Walker
was opposed to interfering in the affairs of Hon-
duras. This'produced discontent among some of
his supporters, and a league was formed with
the other four Central American States to over-
throw the Government of Nicaragua. Meantime
Walker was made President, and it was in the
progress of the struggle which ensued that a Uni-
ted States naval officer landed on the coast of
Nicaragua and informedGeneral Henningsen that
it was the purpose of the naval power of the Uni-
ted States to seize the schooner Granada, belong-
ing to the Nicaraguan Government, and under
the control of General Walker. By that and
other representations calculated to deter, Captain
Davis, the commander of the St. Mary's, in-
fluenced General Walker to make a capitulation.
He soon after seized this schooner, and thus de-
riving him of all means of maintaining himself,
e detained Walker as a prisoner, and brought
him to the United States against his earnest re-
monstrances. Gentlemen have said that this was
a mercy to hirn. He did not so regard it. Gen-
tlemen have said that when he reached the Uni-
ted States he gave the President a pledge that he
would never return to Nicaragua, or that lie would
not again violate the neutrality laws of the Uni-
ted States. I deny the truth of such statement.
1 deny that he ever gave such pledge. On the
contrary, I affirm that he made it known in the
face of the whole country that he meant to rein-
state himself as soon as he could; that he every-
where asserted that he was a citizen of Nicaragua,
and had been unjustly forced away from the
country of his adoption; that he had been detained
against his will and against his interest, and lie
loudly complained of this interference with him.
When Walker was thus removed from Nic-
aragua, Rivas, who had headed the movement m
'Nicaragua against him, was himself almost im-
mediately expelled from the country by Martinez,
-who was made President by military force, with
scarcely the form of an election; and Rivas is now
fugitive in England, distrusting all parties at
*home,and afraid to leturn to the countiy of his
"nativity.
Almost simultaneously with this usurpation on
the part of Martinez, the Costa Rican Government
"attempted to seize the transit route, getting pos-
session of the boats on Lake Nicaragua, all the
river boats, and every fort and strong position on
the whole line, except the single fort of San Car-
los; and from that day to this, war has raged be-
tween Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
In the mean time, Walker frankly said to the
President of the United States: " I have not vio-
lated the neutrality laws of the United States; I
have wrongfully been forced from the country of
my adoption; and it is my purpose to reinstate
myself as soon as I can." He was arraigned
IZ
before a court of justice upon a charge of violating
the neutrality laws, and was honoraoly acquitted.
After struggling long and patiently against ad-
verse circumstances, he at length succeeded in
returning to Nicaragua, and he has again been
seized by the naval forces of the United States,
and forced away from the country of his adop
tion—that country which had made him first com
mander-in-chief of its army, and then chief Exec-
utive. While he has been deprived of his personal
liberty, his property has been wrested from him
and destroyed. This has been done without war-
rant of law. The conduct of Commodore Pauld-
ing, in this Seizure of General Walker and his
forces,is indeed "a grave error." The commo-
dore's denunciation of General Walker as a rob-
ber and a pirate was a very gross impropriety.
If he is a robber or a pirate, why'was he liberated
as soon as he was brought before the President?
Why did the President refuse to recognize him as
a prisoner? If he has violated the neutrality laws,
why is it that the judicial tribunals have not pun-
ished him ? If these denunciations are true, why
is it that he has been permitted to go at large for
ten days in the national capital, addressing a pub-
lic letter to the President vindicating his course,
while no man dared to lay his hand upon him?
The truth is, he has not violated the neutrality
laws; and these charges against him are most
flagrant and unjust. To say the least, the ques-
tion is judicial, and has not been decided against
him. It is unjust to assume it until it is proved.
I know enough of General Walker to believe
that he is a modest, quiet, self-reliant man, of bold
conceptions and courage to execute them; a man
of the very best ability and education; and that he
has known he was sustained by the law at every
step that he has taken. I believe that he 1ms un-
derstood the Constitution and laws of the United
States infinitely better than those who have de-
nounced him so grossly and unjustly. I say that
the act of Commodore Paulding was a gross out-
rage, but that he is not alone responsible. I will
not stop to discuss the question whether the Pres-
ident has the right to authorize a naval officer
to arrest a military expedition within a marine
league of our shore or upon the high seas. Such
issues are foreign to the particular case in hand.
Commodore Paulding seized General Walker
within the territorial jurisdiction of Nicaragua.
This act, committed within the marine league or
upon the shore of Nicaragua, is violative of the
law of nations, and is not authorized by the act
of 1818, or any other law of the United States.
It is a usurpation of power not warranted by the
Constitution of the United States.
But so far as Commodore Paulding is censurable,
there arc extenuating circumstances which ought,
in justice to him, to be duly cotisidcied. The in-
structions of the Navy Department, taken in con-
nection with the fact that the similar offense of
Commander Davis has never been censured, were
calculated to incite him to it. These instiuctions
and this omission, considered with the fact that
Captain Chatard, for failing to do what Commo-
dore Paulding has done, has been withdrawn fiom
his command, show what were the intentions of the
Department. Then bear in mind the letter of the
Secretary to Lieutenant Almy, and other circum-'
stances which might be detailed, and how can it be '
doubted that Commodore Paulding acted precisely
in accordance with the spiritoflus instructions? I
feel that it is but justice to him to consider those ex-
tenuating circumstances; for, sir, if Commodore
Paulding has committed " a grave error," so did
Commander Davis when he entered within the
jurisdiction of Nicaragua and seized the property
of Walker m the port of San Juan del Sur, for
which he has never been censured. If he has
committed " a grave eiroi," Captain Chatard
should not have "been .stricken from command for
not doing a similar thing. When Lieutenant Almy
received his copy of this very circular, ho replied
to the Secretary of the Navy:
'• These directions to preserve the neutrality of the coun-
tiy ate veiy plain lor the government of olficois where they
are required to act m the ports o/, or m the juiwhttiou of,
the f tntcd Sir.ilet: !>ut J niu-=t conle-s that I might find my-
self embarra^^'d <• hen required to act in a foreign andneu-
traljmt. Theie<V>re, I must be puidoned tor soliciting from
the honorable Hocretr.ry ot' the Navy answers to ceitain
questions, and mote specific instructions m the premises.
liappose, for m-tance, that, while hjins. in ct "port of Central
shnerica, an American steamer should enter, having on
board a large number of men whom I suspect of being ' fi-
libusters,5 "&e., must T seize this vessel?" . . •
Now, mark, here is a case supposed to arise-
within a port of Central America, just as Captaia;
Chatard's did; and Lieutenant Almy asks if h#
should seize the vessel ? What was the reply
the Secretary of the Navy ? He said: . -
" You will be careful not to Interfere with lawful corn--
merce. But whore yo^i finfi. that an America^ ves&et is
manifestly engaged in carrying on an expeditio^r ent€rr
prise from/the territories or jurisdiction of the Umted.S'tates,
against the territories of Mcxico, Nicaragua, or Costa Rica,
contrary to the sixth section of the act of Oongress'o? April*
20,18J 8, already referred to, you will use the forccuftdsiiyour
command to prevent it} and will not permit the men or arms
engaged in it, or destined for it, to be landed in any port of
Mexico or Central America."
Captain Chatard failed to do this, and for hf&
failure was recalled. Paulding did no more than
exercise dominion within Central American juris-
diction, which this would have been.
Nuw, Mr. Chairman, Commodore Paulding
may not have known of those particular instruc-
tions, but I advert to them to show the policy of
the Administration. The President in nis mes-
sage, sent in to the Senate a few days ago, puts a
construction upon the law and that circular, which
is in accordance with the view I have taken. He
says, in relation to the act of 1818:
"In order to render the Jaw effectual, it was necessary
to prevent (the carrying on.? of such expeditions to thefr
consummation after they had succeeded in leaving our
shores. This lias been "done effectually, and In clear and
explicit language," &c.
I quote this to show, in connection with the
reply to Lieutenant Almy, who was expected to
take position in a port of Central t/hnerica9 that the
President believed that while aUnitcd States war
vessel was lying in ct port of Central Jhnsrica, if a
steamer entered carrying a body of men such as
Walkei's, it was the duty of the captain to inter-
pose, and exercise the power of this nation to
prevent the expedition from landing.
Commodore Paulding, therefore, had reason to
believe, from the action of the Government m re-
lation to the conduct of Captain Davis, and from
the conduct which caused Captain Chatard to be
superseded, that it was the intention to have
Walker arrested either within the marine league
or upon the territory of Nicaragua, the one being
as lawful as the other. The President argues as
though the only question is whether the Govern-
ment of Nicaragua objects to this conduct.
Mr. Chairman, that is not the only question.
We have a written Constitution; we have aGov-
ernment of laws, which it is our highest duty to
preserve from infraction. If the President has
done that by himself or by his agents which is un-
authorized by the Constitution or the law, it is
our duty to take cognizance of it. And that is
notall. [f we set up a justification of Commodore
Paulding, and those who gave him instructions to
exercise dominion in Central America, why may
not the British Government, or any other Govern-
ment, do the same thing? Why may not the other
great naval Powers of-the world, in all the civil
feuds existing, and which may exist, between the
mongrel peoples which inhabit Central America,
avail themselves of this very precedent we have
set them, and interpose in Central American af-
fairs, assuming, as we have done, that one faction
or party is the Government, and the other outlaws;
seize and bring out of the country one faction,
and set up and treat with the other? Why may
not this example lead to an utter breaking down
of our Monroe doctrine in relation to Nicaragua
and oilier Central American States? These are
points I must merely glance at. I have not time
to argue them; and, indeed, it would be unjusti-
fiable to treat them at length, in \iewof the elab-
orate debate which has already taken place.
I may state, in this connection, that in the in<-
stance of the Caroline, which was burned by the
British within our jurisdiction, upon the Canada
borders, some years ago, our Government did not
recognize this doctrine of invading neutral terri-
tory; and when, at a later period, the British Gov-
ernment were endeavoring to organize a military
force m our territory, it led to«a long and bitter
diplomatic correspondence between the two Gov-
ernments. It seems that our Government then
comprehended the inviolability of the soil of a
neutral Power.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire whether
the gentleman would have any cause to complain
if Great Britain should capture an expedition
starting from Jamaica, with a view of making an
inroad into Central America?
