1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2397
tions has been grone through with, and every dol-
lar now anpropuated will go 10 promote the effi-
ciency" of the work.
My fnend from Delaware alluded to the con-
tingency of a war with Great Britain. No one
deprecates war more than I do. In its desolating
track are found not only misery, wretchedness,
and poverty, the sorrows of widowhood and or-
phanage, but vice and crime multiply in the dark
seasons ofstrife. I hope that war may nevercome.
To prevent its occurrence we should not only be
always ready to defend ourselves, but prompt to
resist aggression. I love peace; not a peace, how-
ever, puichased by submission to insult; that
would be too dear a price; but a peace with our
national honor untarnished. Sir, occurrcnccs have
recently taken place m the Gulf of Mexico which
call for a bold and vigorous policy on our part.
To meet the expectations of the American people
we must hold these violators of law, for such out-
rages, to a strict account. The Administration,
I understand, have sent out orders to piotect our
vessels from further molestation. I hope the order .
has likewise been given to arrest every officer who
was engaged in searching our vessels, and to bring
him into our ports for trial. These cases are too
flagrant to await the delays of dtplomacy. They
are of des'gn, not accidental. M y doctrine would
be, hr a ad*,} de<\ first, erpl i nation afterwards. No pre-
text can justify these wanton insults to our flag
I have every confidence that this Administration
will do its duty. The popular heart will respond
to the boldest policy. My people, I know, stand
ready to make any sacrifice to maintain the na-
tional hgnor.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I ask, is it not the part
of wisdom to go on and complete our forufixa-
tions? Shall we leave those important points in
the Gulf m an exposed condition, and thus invite
the first attacks of the enemy ? They can he. fin-
ished with a comparatively small sum of money,
and in a very short time. The materials are be-
ing collected; the workmen, well trained, are at the
place, and all necessary arrangements made for a
speedy completion. Aside from any contingency
of war, considerations of economy ought to in-
duce us to grant the appropriations asked by the
Secretary. But there aie some other important
works on the Gulf coast to which I will also call
the attention of the committee. For the defense
of Mobile bay, there are two works—Port Mor-
gan on the right of entrance, which covers the
main entrance, and Fort Gaines on the bft. The
former has been finished; the small sum asked
for is to substitute the heavier armament now in
process of execution, and for increased provision
for the garrison. The latter, Fort Gaines, has
been recently commenced. The object of this
work is to cross its fue with the other, and sweep
the channel on its own side. Withoutthis work
in a state of efficiency, an enemy's steamers could
pass up and put the city of Mobile under contri-
bution. The security of the vast commerce of
that region requires that these works should be
prosecuted to completion. In a greater or less
degiee the same reasons apply generally to our
defensive works. The opinions of our military
men are favorable to permanentfortifications; and
the late wars in Europe have confirmed these
opinions in favor of such defensive system. The
events in the Black and Baltic seas, where the
combined and powerful navies of France and Eng-
land accomplished but little, furnish additional
reason why we should foster this system of de-
fense, and keep all our works in a state of effi-
ciency. I trust that the committee will take a
practical view of this subject, and grant the ap-
propriations necessary to finish these most im-
portant works. It is the part of economy to do
so. Let not the reduced condition of the Treas-
ury deter us from fortifying the mam points on
our coast, and making the necessary preparation
for the proper reception of any and ail enemies.
I do not wish to confine those appropriations to
any one section; let all portions claim our atten-
tion; but I have spoken more particularly for the
works on the Gulf, because it offers rich booty to
an enemy, and, unless the forts now in progress
be completed, will be the most exposed and de-
fenseless part of our coast. Every dollar asked
for by the Secretary is necessary, and I hope the
committee will sustain the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Delaware.
Mr. LETCHER. The Committee of Ways
and Means seem to be exceedingly unfortunate.
It has not been more tha'n two months since they
were arraigned in this House for refusing to cut
down Government estimates. The committee
were charged with conforming their action to the
recommendations from the other end of the ave-
nue, and for bringing in hills for whatever was
asked for by the officers of the Government there
located. Now we come in to-day with a bill in
which we have undertaken to reduce the appro-
priations from the estimates, and the first thing we
hear is, that the Committee of Ways and Means
have not done their duty in making this reduc-
tion. So, let us reduce, or fail to reduce, we are
still arraigned before the Ilouse, ccnsured, and
condemned.
As rfty friend from Alabama [Mr. Dowdell]
seems to be in a mood for making confessions lor
his sins, I desire to call attention to one or two
things. I went for this reduction in the commit-
tee, and I shall maintain the necessity and pro-
priety of that reduction in what.I have to say
now. If my memory is not very greatly at fault,
the committee were unanimous in recommending
this bill. Now, sir, I know that afterwards, when
some complaint was made in regard to it, and
when gentlemen from abroad came here complain-
ing that certain appropriations were not made in
which they were interested, the matter began to
attract more attention, and to becoTne a matter of
conference between members of the committee.
But until that time, unless I am greatly mistaken,
the committee were a unit in regard to this bill.
Mr. DOWDELL. At the time this bill was
reported, our vessels had not been boarded mthe
Guif of Mexico.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; nor when my friend
from Alabama wanted to reconsider it m the com-
mittee. Now, sir, the gentleman tells us that our
ships have been boarded in the Gulf; that there
have been seizures and searches; and that he is
desirous that the President of the United States
shall take the necessary steps to protect the honor
of the country. I imagine, sir, that the Presi-
dent of the United States will do his duty in that
regard; butit strikes me as remarkable that it did
not occur to the gen fie man, when talking of broad-
sides now and explanations hereafter, that those
forts down there were unfinished. I take it, if
those forts are so indispensably necessary, and
if the country cannot be defended without them,
it would be bad policy in us to open a controversy
with a Power which the gentleman from Dela-
ware [Mr. Whiteley] tells us has anavy twenty
times as large as our own, by firing broadsides
into her. I take it that our people are prepared
at all times to defend their rights whenever they
are assailed by any nation, however powei ful that
nation may be. There is something in the past
history of our Government which assures us that
whenever occasion requires, there are stout hearts
and strong arms enough to protect our rights, let
the assailing party be who it may. As it has
been in the day of our infancy, so it will be now,
when we are approaching a nation's growth.
But the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. White-
ley] tells us that the Government of the United
States has contracted with a State which may have
ceded real estate to the Government for fortifica-
tion purposes to erect a fort thereon; and he de-
mands that it shall be done; and he chatges bad
faith if it is not done. But, sir, that is not tiie
work of a day, a year, or even ten years. Where
ever the Government received those cessions from
the States, she received them to make her im-
provements there, by fortifications or otherwise,
according to her judgment in regard to time, and
the amount of annual appropriation she should
give for the purpose of improvement.
Gut what does the gentleman from Delaware
[Mr. Wiiiteley] propose5 He proposes not only
to prosecute works already begun, but to begin
others.
Mr. WHITELEY. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. LETCHER.. At any rate, the gentleman's
argument amounts to that.
If I recollect aright, during the compromise
Congress of 1349-50 no appropriation at all was
made for fortification pui poses. And I think also,
that m the first Congress in which I was here—ia
1851-52—no appropriations were made at thatses-
sion either, for the prosecution of these improve-
ments. Was it not just as important then that
these fortifications should be carried on? Was
not the country in just as great danger from ag-
gressions from abroad then as it is at this day ?
I imagine it was; and yet I have not heard that
the country has suffered any particular detriment
in consequence of the failure on those two occa-
sions to appropriate the money.
Sir, I agree with the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. GtuiTMAN,] to a very great extent, that
these appropriations heretofore, and while the
Treasury has been full, have been made without
any regard to system; that money has been taken
from the Treasury to be applied here and there
and everywhere, when, in all probability, if we
had been in straitened circumstances, the number
of forts commenced, and that have since been con-
tinued, would have been limited compared to the
number now on hand.
I say, then, sir, that we can now protect this
country, and yet not embarrass it by increasing
its obligations in the borrowing of money, or
otherwise for this purpose. Why should this
Government be borrowing money to build forts
and custom-houses and other improvements of
this sort? I take it that these points can wait
until a moie propitious season, when the com-
mercial embarrassment shall pass away, when
trade and business shall begin to revive; when im-
ports shall becoming into the country and the
Government realizing from those imports the
means necessary to carry on its operations, and
to prosecute these improvements.
But, sir, there is another point of view in which
to look at this question. Suppose the troubles
which seem to be apprehended oy the gentleman
from Alabama should j^row up between the Uni-
ted Suites and England, can these forts be com-
pleted in time for the purpose ? If thatapnrehen-
sion is felt, if there is really danger of war, if our
Navy is so weak, in comparison with the navies
of other nations, is it not better that we should
husband our resources so that we may have them
on hand for the purpose of directing them to an
increase of our Navy and to an increase of our
land forces, preparatory to this tiial of strength ?
So it strikes me. All that you spend now upon
these improvements is so much money sunk for
I the time. I think it the part of policy and wis-
1 clom to delay those operations, and to reserve our
1 funds, so that, if thatevil hour should come which
| is apprehended, wo may be prepared to apply
them in that way which will give us the best pro-
i tection and the best defense against a foreign
i enemy.
I Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
committee are prepared to vote; and I move to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill. That
will test the sense of the committee on the amend-
ment.
j Mr. BOWIE. I desire to propose an amend-
i menf.
| The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
i tleman from Illinois takes precedence of all other
| motions, and is not debatable.
1 Mr. MA^ON. I ask for tellers on the motion
j of the gentleman from Illinois.
I Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
I and Underwood weie appointed.
I The committee divided; and the tellers re-
! ported—ays ninety-three, noes not counted.
So Mr. Wa«iiburve,s motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Harris, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration,and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill No. 201 making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of Government for the year end-
I ing the 30th"of June, 1859, and had directed him
i to report back the same with a recommendation
j that some of the amendments be concurred in,
' some concurred in wi&h amendments, and others
jj non-concurred m. Also, that the committee had
I; had under consideration the fortification bill, and
|! had directed him to report the same back, with a
II recommendation that the enacting clause be
: j stricken out.
Ij Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move the pre-
|' vious question on the amendments of the Senate
ij to bill No. 201.
