2308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. GROW. I suppose there will be yeas
and nays upon these amendments I hope the
House will go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of general
debate.
- Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
will permit me, I do not propose to act upon these
amendments to-night. I wish, by geggral con-
sent., to have the previous question seconded on
the other bill, and then go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for the purposes
of general debate.
Mr. QJJITMAN. * do not wish to be preju-
diced by the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, in my right to move that this bill be re-
committed to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with instructions to present specific items of ap-
propriation for the several fortifications.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question be
nowseconded on the fortification bill, it will have
exhausted itself when the House shall have acted
upon the recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to strike out
theenactingclause. The Chair will then hold under
consideration, at least for to-night, the question
whether, if the House refuse to stuke out the en-
acting clause, they may then proceed to pass the
bill without considering it in Committee of the
Whole. The Chair has very great doubts whether,
inasmuch as the committee have not considered
the bill—having only reported in favor of striking
out theenactingclause, the rule requiring that the
bill making, as it does, an appropriation, must be
first considered there, it can be considered now in
the House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is it not in
order to move to recommit after the previous ques-
tion has been seconded, if the main question has
not been ordered to be put?
The SPEAKER. It will not; but the previous
question will have exhausted itself when the
House has acted upon the proposition to strike
out the enacting clause.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I understood unan-
imous consentto have been given to me to demand
the previous question upon the fortification bill
to-night; then, I understand the Chair to decide
that if the House refuse to strike out the enacting
clause, the bill will be open to amendment or com-
mittal.
The SPEAKER. If the House shall refuse to
strike out the enacting clause, it will bo in order
to move to recommit; and the Chair will hold
under consideration whether it will be competent
to order the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time, until it shall have been first considered m
the Committee of the Whole. j
jMr. HOUSTON. I desire to give notice that ]
I shall object to any attempt to pass this bill until <
it has been considered in the Committee of the |
Whole. I hold that neither this nor any other
appropriation bill can be amended or first consid-
ered in the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, upon the fortifi-
cation bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
to vote by which the main question was ordeied
on the two billy; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of general
debate.
The motion was agreed to. *
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (-Mr. Billinghvrst in
the chair.)
-Mr. ENGLISH. I move to take up House
bill (No. 539) providing for certain public build-
ings for post office and other governmental pur-
poses.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I make the ques-
tion of order that it is not in order to move to take
up any bill upon the Calendar except the appro- i
May 26,
priation bills. If the gentleman wishes to arrive
at this bill he can only do so by commencing at
the first bill on the Calendar and laying the bills
aside,one by one,until he arrives at the bill which
he wishes to take up.
Mr. ENGLISH. The bill I have moved to take
up is a bill making appropriations for certain pos-
offiee purposes, and the motion is in order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to take
up one of the regular appropriation bills.
Mr. MASON. I propose to make a compro-
mise, which I have no d(j}ibt will be satisfactory
to both gentlemen. I move to take up the old
soldiers' pension bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I submit to the
Chair 
Mr. ENGLISH. No debate is in order. If
the gentleman takes an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, let him take it; otherwise I insist
upon my motion being: put.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. What is the first
bill upon the Calendar?
Mr. GROW." 'I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] was
entitled to the floor by the consent of the commit-
tee when it last rose; and unless he yields it, no-
body has a right to take it from him.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. There is one point of order
already pending.
Mr. HOUSTON. The question now is whether
there is a bill up or not. I propose that we take
up the next general appropriation bill, and let the
debate go on on that.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have made a motion, and
I ask that the question be put.
Mr. BOWIE. Are we now in committee for
business, or merely for the purpose of general
discussion ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is, " Which bill shall first be taken
up The committee is now in session by gen-
eral consent for general debate.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the committee
take a recess for an hour and a half, to give the
Chair time to consider all the questions of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That is in viola-
tion of the agreement.
Mr. REAGAN. I hope that the Sergeant-at-
Arms will get as near this crowd as he can, and
read the riot act.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will entertain
no question until order is restored. The Chair
overrules the point of order of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.] The Chair recog-
nized the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. BlairJ
on a bill which has been disposed of. The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. English] was recog-
nized then, and he moved that the committee
proceed to the consideration of" the post office
bill. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J.
Glantcy Jones] next moved that the committee
take up one of the general appropriation bills. !
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to make
an inquiry of the Chair. When the House re- j
solves itself into the Committee of the Whole on j
the state of the Union, have I not the right to be j
recognized, for the purpose of moving to take up
one of the general appropriatioi>bills?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman would, by
courtesy.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to ask a question, and
that is, whether the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, because he happens to be the head of a par-
ticular committpp, has the right to engross the en-
tire attention of the House and of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and
whether the chairmen of other committees have
not some rights, as well as the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means?
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
English to take up the House bill (No. 539) pro- j
viding for certain public buildings for post offices, '
and other public purposes.
Mr. ENGLISH defrauded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Adrain and
Pettit were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
So Mr. English's motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is a desire
to take up a bill upon which discussion may take
place. I insist upon the enforcement of the rule,
that the first bill on the Calendar shall be read;
and if there is any objection to its consideration,
the question shall be put, whether the committee
will consider it.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The first bill on the Calendar was then reported,
being a bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the 30th of June, ] 859.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration, Mr. Blair being entitled to the
floor.'
The committee was then addressed by Messrs.
BLAIR, PURVtANCE,OTERO,TAYLOR of
Louisiana, BENNETT, DAVIS of Massachu-
setts,STEVENS of Washington, and KELLY,
[These speeches will be published in the Ap~
Mr. BOWIE. I desire to discuss some of the
topics alluded to in the speech of the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor.] But as the hour
• is late, I do not wish to go on to-night, and I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairman
[Mr Howard] reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the bill of the House
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1859, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. BOWIE, (at a
quarter before eleven o'clock,) the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 26, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Septimus Tustin, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of northern Michigan, praying that a homestead
of eighty acres of land may be granted to each of
the mixed-blood Indians residing in that section
of the State; which was referred to the Commute©
on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mich-
igan, praying- that the Indian agency of that State
may be divided into two agencies, and that the
northern agency be located at Michihmackinac;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented a paper signed by
Chailes T. Piatt and H. B. Sawyer, in behalf of
those officers of the Navy who were transferred
fiom the furlough to the leave-of-absence list,
asking tlmt^provision may be made for allowing
them the diffetence of pay between those grades
to the time they were so transferred; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of William H.
De Groot, praying indemnity for losses sustained
by him under his contract with Captain Meigs
for furnishing bnck for the Washington aque-
duct, in consequence of the failure of the Govern-
ment to provide the means for cuirying on the
woik; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a resolution of the
Board of Aldermen and Board of Common Coun-
cil of Georgetown, District of Columbia, protest-
ing against the passage of any measure for re-
ceding any portion of that city to the countv of
Washington; also, a memorial of citizens of
Georgetown, some of whom reside upon the
" Heights,'* remonstrating against the prayer of
certain citizens of that place, who petitioned Con-
gress to pass an act to exclude that portion of
Georgetown called the u Heights1' from the cor-
porate limits of the city; which were referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
a motion by him to print the resolution and me-
morial was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Stephen
Shinn, praying payment for materials furnished
and money advanced to Samuel Colt, in aid of his
experiment with the submarine battery in 1843
and 1844; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memorial of
Rezin Orme, praying compensation for services
