288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HENRY VOLCKER.
Thebill (S.No. 39) to confirm the title of Henry
Volclcer, to a certain tract of land in the Territory
of New Mexico, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the confiimation of Henry Volclc-
er's title to six hundred and forty acres of land,
in the Territory of New Mexico, being the tract
located by virtue of a certificate numbered 169,
of the second class, issued by the board of land
commissioners for the county of Bexar and Repub-
lic ofTexas, to Simon Prado,anddatcd January
5, 1846, and more particularly described in the plat
and field notes accompanying survey number
thirty-eight, in section number fifteen, situated on
the table land or plain between the Rio Grande
and the Pecos river, now on file in the office of
the commissioner of the general land office of the
State ofTexas. This confirmation, however, is
only to be construed into a relinquishment of title
on the part of the United States.
Mr. STUART. I perceive, that this bill has
been reported from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and it refers to land in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, where there are no public
surveys. There is a bill before the Senate for
organizing the Territory of Arizona, which is to
take part of New Mexico. It seems to me that,
before proceeding to pass this bill, although it re-
serves individual rights, we ought to have, either
from the committee or from the report, some facts
to show the propriety of acting on it. I am en-
tirely ignorant myself of it. If the report is not
a lengthy one, 1 should like to hear it read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report, but
before concluding—
Mr. STUART rose and said: This bill, it is
apparent from the report, involves questions con-
nected with the arrangement we made with Texas
about her boundary; and, inasmuch as I do not
wish to prejudice the case at all, (the chairman of
the committee who made the report being absent,)
I move to postpone the consideration of the bill
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM IC.JENNINGS AND OTHERS.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
"Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 29) for the
relief of William K. Jemnngsand others. It is a
direction to the Secretary of the Treasury to pay,
out of the fund heretofore received from Great
Britain, under the first article of the treaty of
Ghent, for slaves taken and carried away by the
forces of Great Bimun during the war of 1812, to
William K. Jennings, and Aphia Jennings, his
wife, §1,120 for four slaves carried oifby the Brit-
ish forces m June, 1813; to Henry A. Wise, $280,
for one slave taken and carried away in December,
1814; to Ann Robinson, $2d0, for one slave, taken
and carried away from Virginia in June, 1813f
and to Edwaid Iludd, £3,6d0, for six slaves, taken
and curried away from Virginia in the spring of
1813; to the legal representatives of RobertLmd-
say, deceased, ^390, for one slave, taken and car-
ried away from the possession of his owner in
the city uf Charleston, South Caiohna; and to
thu legal reprrsentatives of Benjamin Hodges, of
Maryland, £260, for one slave conveyed from the
United Stales on board the British fleet, m the
year 1814, and not recovered by said Hodges, or
Ins legal representatives.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear the report
in that case read.
The Secretary read a report from the Commit-
tee on Foieign Relations, from which it appeared
that, some time during the late war with Great
Btitam, while the enemy's fleet was lying in the
Chesapeake bay, a negro man, Sam, aged about
twenty-one years, the property of William Bean,
the father of Aphia Jennings, and a negro woman,
Esther, the property of Sarah Almond, escaped
from the possession of their owners, in the county
of Elizabeth City, Virginia, and were carried olt*
by the fleet, and were never afterwards recovered.
Sarah Almond was the sister of William Bean,
and died, intestate and without issue, in his life-
time, leaving him her only heir-at-law. William
Bean has since died, leaving his daughter, Aphia
Jennings, his only heir-at-law. The belief that
the fund provided for such cases had all been ex-
hausted , has hitherto prevented an application for
relief in this case.
In the case of Henry A. Wise, it is shown by
the evidence filed, that, in the fall of 1814, a negro
man, Nelson, aged about nineteen years, previ-
ously allotted to the petitioner in the division of
his father's estate, ran away to the British fleet,
then lying near Tangier Island, in the Chesapeake
bay, and was carried away on board of the Dragon
seventy-four, and in the latter part of January,
1815, landed on Cumberland Island, on the south-
eastern coast of Georgia, placed in one of the col-
ored regiments, and never returned to his owner.
As a reason for the delay in presenting this claim,
the petitioner states that he was but eight years
of age at the time of the escape; that his first
guardian, John Cropper, died in 1821, before any
distribution of pay for deported slaves was made
by the commissioners under the treaty of Ghent;
and that his second guardian, John Custis, was
not informed of the loss of the slave until it was
too late to have it acted upon by the commis-
sioners.
In the case of Ann Robinson, it is shown by
the evidence that on the day of the memorable
action at Hampton, Virginia, in June, 1813, a
negro man, Hampton, the property of the peti-
tioner's husband, Henry Robinson, was forcibly
taken from his possession and carried on board
of a British ship then lying in Hampton roads,
and has never been returned. Under the will of
her husband she is entitled, as residuary legatee,
to whatever compensation may be allowed for the
slave. The petitioner further states that she was
not aware, until recently, that any provision had
ever been made for the payment of such claims.
In the case of Edward Rudd, the testimony
shows that the petitioner is the son and heir of
Edward Rudd, deceased, late of Elizabeth City
county, Virginia; that some time during the late
war with Great Britain, while the enemy's ships
were lying in Hampton Roads, six slaves—a ne-
gro man, Stepney, a negro woman, Crmner,and
four children—were taken from the possession of
the petitioner's father and carried off by the Brit-
ish, and have nevei been retained.
In the case of Mary Martin, it appears from
the testimony that, in the year 1813, during the
late war with Great Britain, a negro man named
Ned, th* property of her former husband, Robert
Lindsay, was captured by the enemy and carried
away from the possession of his owner, then re-
siding in Charleston, South Carolina, and nevr r
afterwards recovered. And m the case of Benja-
min Hodges, it appears that the negro man Phil,
belonging to the husband of the petitioner, was
taken off by the British army on its leturn fiom
Washington city to the fleet then lyingin the Pa-
tuxent, and that his owner has never regained
him.
It appears from Executive Document No. 122,
accompanying a letter from the President of the
United States to the House of Representatives,
dated March 8,1826, that the average value of the
slaves taken and carried away by the British from
the State of Virginia, as agreed upon and fixed
by the commission appointed under the award of
the Emperorof Russia, was $280 each; and those
taken fiom the State of South Carolina, $390 each.
It further appears, from a certificate of the Regis-
ter of the Treasury, dated February 26, 1852,
that the balance unpaid of the fund received
from Great Britain under the first article of the
treaty of Ghent,amounts to $4,112 89;" and upon
recent inquiry at the Treasury Department, the
committee have ascertained that that amount still
remains unexpended.
The balance in the Treasury of the fund received
fiom Great Biitain as indemnity for slaves car-
ried away by the British in the war of 1812, is
$4,112 89;of which this bill provides the following
payments, viz: to William IC. Jennings and wife,
for four slaves at $280, $1,120; to Henry A. Wise,
for one slave, $280; to Ann Robinson, for one
slave, §280; to Edward Rudd, for six slaves at
$280, $1,680; to Robert Lindsay's representatives,
for one slave, $390—being a total of $3,750; leav-
ing as a balance of the fund still remaining
$362 89.
From two several letters emanating from the
Department of State, one dated February 24,
1852, and the other June 26,1851, it appears that
none of these petitioners have ever received any
compensation for the slaves taken and carried
away.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
"Shall the bill be engrossed and read the third
time?"
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to discuss the bill.
I simply rise to ask for the yeas and nays upon
it, and to express my regret, that when the com-
mittee was framing this bill, they did not provide
for using up the whole fund. I am sorry tiiat
there are $360 left. I will simply say that 1 shall
vote against the bill, because, as I understand it,
(and I think 1 do not misunderstand it,) it recog-
nizes the doctrine that there may be property in
human beings; and I never will, by my vote, or
by my silence, admit that there can be such a
property, and therefore I want to record my vote
against the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the vote is taken, I
think it proper to say that this bill has been very
fully discussed m the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, of which I have the honor to be a mem-
ber; and in that committee I dissented from the
report, and shall vote against the bill, in accord-
ance with the vote I gave in committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. The report just read cites the
first article of the treaty of Ghent as the basis on
which the claim rests. On a icference to that
article, I find not one word in it on this subject.
There is, therefore, some mistake; it is probably
a misprint in the report. The reference should,
perhaps, be to some other convention; and I
should like to have it corrected. I desire to know
what treaty or convention is the tiue one, m or-
der that I may look at it for the purpose of set-
tling in my mind one question—whether the stip-
ulation was to pay for negroes who ran away, or
for negroes who were carried away. The report
sets forth that these negroes ran over to the Brit-
ish, and then they took them away.
Mr. MASON. Not all of them; some did.
Mr. HAMLIN. It does certainly state that
some did so, for I heard it so read. There may
be a broad distinction between these cases. I
shall not vote for the bill any way; but, assuming
that there is a fund remaining, and assuming that
our Government is liable to pay for the negroes
whom the British forcibly carried away, the own-
ers of those forcibly earned away arc entitled to
the pay, and we should be misappropriating the
fund if we paid it for negroes who ran away. I
think there is a broad distinction between the
cases. I should like, therefore, to know what ar-
ticle is referred to, so that I can see the language
and understand precisely whether the claim comes
within the language of the treaty.
Mr. MASON. The report which is made by
the Committee on Foreign Relations in this case
was a transcript of a report made by the same
committee Jit tho last session. I was familiar with
the facts at the time the report was drawn up,
which was some two years, or probably more,
ago, I am not prepared to admit or deny the sug-
gestion of the honorable Senator from Maine,
that the report nnsrecites the article of the treaty
under which provision was made to pay for
slaves. That to which he lefers was a conven-
tion to regulate the commerce between the terri-
tories of the United States and his Britannic Ma-
jesty, nothing more. I have no doubt, with a
little time, that I could refer to the specific con-
vention, and probably, as it is so recited m the
report, you will find that the first article of the
treaty is that properly referred to.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 should like to see it.
Mr. MASON. So would I, if we had time to
hunt it up. I suppose the Senator does not doubt
that there was a convention between the United
States and Great Britain, by which provision was
made for the payment of slaves that were deported
by the British ships during the war. The Sen-,
ator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] has been kind enough,
to find the treaty and place it in my hands. It is
the treaty with Great Britain, which was ratified
July 12, 1822, and the exchange of ratifications
was made January 10,1823. After the formal intro-
duction, citing the causes which brought the Gov-
ernments together to treat, the first paragraph,
although it is not technically entitled m the body
of the treaty as an article, has this provision:
<* Tbat the United States ot' America ait* entitled to eiaiifi
from Gieat Britain a ju-t indemnification for all pnvatc
