m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 90,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. BarJcsdale.
Ho. of Reps.
GCiMyecharacter, H is plain, that, as the supreme authority,
as to these questions, belongs to the legislative and execu-
tive dtoartrnentSj they cannot be reexamined elsewhere—
Stem. ■
' Let us go to one of the apostles. Said Mr. Jef-
ferson; "' *
;"Yoa seem to consider the judges as the ultimate arbi-
ters of all constitutional questions—a very dangerous doe-
trfo6 -indeed* and one which, would place us under the des-
potic of an oligarchy." * -v a * "TheUon-
stitationiias created nosuch single tiibunal, knowing that,
to whatever hands confided, with the corruptions of time and
party-, its members woujld become despots ."—Jefferson
to Mr. Jarvis, Seyttember 28,1820.
• - Were those words prophetic ? Is the court a
despotism I—tempted, tainted, with " the corrup-
tion" of these times, and a " party" of our day ?
.Representatives of the people! judge ye. To
whatever motive, whatever purpose, you now
charge the judgment of the court—be it high or
low, patriotic or partisan, right or wrong—its
fruits must be the test. The President has three
titties tendered you these fruits; three times he
tells you—"it is the court!" What are these
fruits? Revolution! reversal of ancient and hon-
ored law ! denial of the high privilege and power
of Congress, and annulment of our acts ! Judge
ye—truly, fairly, faithfully judge. Above us all
—above Congress, the President, and the court—
stand the sovereign people of this land; and to
that mightier court this mighty case will be ap-
pealed.
Mr. Chairman, I warn the Representatives of
the South. You count the court upon your side
in this mad party strife. You dream of triumph
through the court-, you dream of safety in the
court;you quote its words; you call them law; you
try to bind us by their power. Are you safe ?
Whatmean these words: "The right of property in
a slave is distinctly and expressly affirmed in the Con-
stitution; it makes an distinction between that de-
scriptionof property and other property ?" What
is the interpretation of your President,? "Sla-
very exists by virtue oV the constitution!"!
What is the actual effect that 1ms been given, and
that you are fierce still to give, to tins doctrine >
Slaves, as property, not as " persons," pass from
States to Territories. Do you not. see that "prop-
erty" thus passed, by sale or otherwise, is a com-
mercial matter between the States ? Do you not see
that the court has reversed the opinion of J udgo
Barbour, to wit: that slaves, as " persons, are not
subjects of commerce?" Do you not see that it
has reversed a late decision of this very court, to
wit: that slavery did no< conn' within the power
of Congress to regulate commerce, both external
and internal, because it was " a State institu-
tion?" Do you not see, then, that, as property,
undistinguished from other propeittj, Congress has
tho clear right, by specific grant of tin- Consti-
tution, to regulate the slave trade "among the
several States" and Teriitories, and " with the j
Indian tribes?" Ay, do you not see, that as;
men property, undistinguished from other property, .
slavery falls wuhin that other constitutional at- j
tribute of Federal sovereignty—the power to take I
private property for public use, on making just1
compensation ?
Representatives of the South, is it not even so ? |
If it bo so, then has your strong wall of State sov- j
ereignty crumbled to the dust; then Federal power I
will rightfully touch your slaves within your very <
citadels; then will it touch your slaves with death, '
to give your men to liberty and life. If it he so, |
a single generation shall not pass—the half of a
generation shall not pass—ere your slave system
falls; ere not one slave remains, save here and
there a battered wreck—a few lone servants, super-
annuated and sad, standing by your lintels, like
the tottering pillars of some old Egyptian temple—
the melancholy monuments of a past slaveholdmg
age. Are you safe ? Is this the lesson of the court > '
Is this the lesson you are teaching us to-day? If
the dicta of the court do stop short of this, then '
tell me where is the line ? It is riot marked in the i
chart the court has given you, But if there, is a
line, what then? What is the lesson that you
teach, as to the power of tiie court ? llun that i
lesson out to its inevitable result. One day will ;
come another court; one day will come another j:
opinion of a majority of the judges; I will not say |l
another revolution, but a movement forward—a |l
very slight advance, compared with the recent j|
stride—gome new installment ofjudicial law; some i!
new investment or new denial of Federal power,
to bring to its very end the system you now so
desperately sustain. Are you safe? And when
that day comes—and by your present teaching it
may quickly come—will you not call it despot-
ism? Ay ! you know it, and I know it; and by
that token let mo say that the powers that you
have invoked, the powers which you have so un-
scrupulously used for your unscrupulous schemes
of dominion or disunion—the excesses of power,
of the court, of the Executive, of the Army, all
unwarranted by authority of lino—can bear 110
softer, smoother, courtlier name, It is despotic
power. It is irresponsible power. It is uncon-
stitutional power.
Rejecting, as 1 wish to do, the hitherto unknown
and abominable doctrine, that the right of prop-
erty in slaves exists " by virtue of tiie Constitu-
tion," I would also reject the logical consequences
that flow from it; but if, on the authority of the
court and the Executive, we are compelled to
take the doctrine, the South certainly must not
complain, should we carry it rigidly out to all
its consequences. I prefer the teachings and the
policy of the fathers. I prefer to act up to their
sentiments. I prefer a prohibition of slavery in all
Federal Territory; a rigid exclusion of the slave
trade, in all us old and all its new disguises; and
encouragement to allthe slave States for the ame-
lioration and ultimate extinction of slavery, within
their own limits, by theirown voluntary acts. All
this would be in harmony with the spirit, the
principles, the expectation, and the acts of the
fathers of the Union. All this, undertaken with
kindness, and prudence, and wisdom, I believe
to be yet possible: in the face of the madness that
rules the present hour, I yet believe it. Under-
taken in such 0 apint, and pursued in such a
spirit—though the struggle be long and the foes
many—no good thing has ever failed. Sir, I hope
the crisis of to-day is tho crisis of the disease;
and that coming days will be the happy days of
health and peace. Are there not symptoms war-
ranting hope?—111 the fresh example of Russia,
and even m your own new voluntary movements.
You of the South to-doy are calling for laborers
to till your golden fields. Why, then, do you
not cease to weaken yourstrength and impoverish
your States, by expanding your already incom-
petent force? Some of your States are seeking,
even now, fresh hordes of barbarian Africans,
and even more dangerous hordes of the corrupt,
but intelligent, Chinese—all, nominally, as volun-
tary servants. Why, then, not make nil your
labor voluntary? You tell us that the difference
between free labor and slave, is but in nam™.
Why quarrel on a word ? Why foment dissen-
sion—why hghtthe toiehofcivil war—why break
the bond of union—upon a paltry phrase. An-
other phrase will sound as well, and voluntary
labor will do as well. Why, then, not give us what
just now you speak—free, voluntary labor?
That phrase..—adopted in good faith, pronounced
in laws, and sealed in honest deed—may heal the
trouble of our time. 1 f anybody is to object to
that, i think it is the people of the North. If any-
body is to reap peculiar advantages—in wealth,in
numbers, and in power—1 know it is the people
of the South. The question for tho South is
whether to elevate her people and her States. The
question for the North is, whether to envy you,
1 think—not oppose—the blessing of so i^rand a
woik, or, 111 the fullness of a brother's heart, to
pray for all—"God speed." But you give us
here 110 such alternative as that. You press us
to the wall, and you break over it, or through it,
if we do not unyieldingly resist. If we do not re-
sist, you break down thwwall of 18:20, and plant
slaveiy forever on freedom's consecrated soil.
We do, and we will, resist. You seek to extend
your peculiar institution over all the Territories
which are the common property of the Union; and
by virtue of our common rights, we do, w most,
we will resist. You are tho assailants; it is for
us to defend. You start the revolution; it is for
us to roll it back.
One word, sir, as to the hill which is the sub-
ject of this long debate. It involves the Lecomp-
tim constitution, which is itself the example and
illustration of the revolution I have condemned.
I am for defeating that bill, as an embodiment of
this revolution. I will strangle it here if I can;
and if I cannot, I will commit it to the people of
Kansas, to receive an ignominious death upon the
very sod it would pollute. But whatever be the
event, as I now resist the revolution which is in-
volved in this bill, so do I intend to resist it here-
after, in all the shapes which it may be made to
assume. Your revolution dates in 1847, from the
rejected resolutions of John C. Calhoun; you
revived it in the Kansas-Nebraska act of 1854;
nursed it through the dubious crisis of 1856; root-
ed it in the Supreme Court in 1857; and now you
dare to show the budding of its despotic fruits in
the Lecompton constitution. Our counter-revo-
lution is but just begun; here and to-morrow, 011
this bill, we strike the first blow. God and the'
people willing, it shall not be the last.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that it
is about time for the committee to rise; and I sup-
pose that, on the rising of the committee to-night,
the debate will be closed upon the Kansas ques-
tion, and that, when next we go into committee,
tho merits of the deficiency bill will be open for
discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated that it
was his intention, on the last day of the debate,
to give the floor to gi'iitleinon who desired to dis-
cuss the bill, in preference to others.
Me. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make
a few remarks upon the bill, and I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, 011 motion of Mr. BOCOCK, the
House (at twenty minutes to one o'clock, a. m.,)
adjourned.
admission of kansas.
speech of noiTw. barksdale,
of mississippi,
In the House of Representatives,
March 20, 1858.
[revised by himsklf.*]
The House heiny; m the Committee of the Whole 011 tho
state of the Union—
Mr. BAR.KSDALE said:
Mr. Chairman: The third section of the fourth
article of tho Constitution of tho United States de-
claims that new States may be admitted by tho
Oongiess into the Union; and the fourth section
of the same article provides that the United States
shall guaranty to every State ill this Union a re-
publican form of government, and shall protect
each of them against invasion, and, on applica-
tion of the Legislature, or of the Executive when
the Legislature cannot be convened, against do-
mestic violence.
Under these clauses ofthe Federal Constitution,
Mr. Chairman, from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment to 1820—in its purer and better days—in
the (hys of Washington, Jefferson, Madison, arid
Monroe, of the great men who fought the battles
of the Revolution, and achieved our independence,
free States and slave States were admitted into the
Union without any discussion as to their domestic
institutions. During that period Vermont, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, Ohio, Louisiana, Indiana, Mis-
sissippi, Illinois, and Alabama, were all admitted
into the Union on terms of perfect equality with
the original States that formed the Confederacy.
In 1820, however, when Missouri applied for ad-
mission, her application was resisted, not because
her constitution was not republican in form, not
because there was any objection toiler boundaries,
not because she did not have the requisite popu-
lation, not because she had not undergone a terri-
torial pupilage, but because her constitution rec-
ognized slavery.
Here, sir, commenced the agitation of that fear- .
ful question of slavery, which, though presenting
at different times somewhat varying aspects, re-
mains unchanged in its essence and character, and
is to-day what it was then—a contest for sectional
aggrandizement on the one hand, and existence
0:1 the other.
This fierce struggle was finally ended by the
admission of Missouri; but in order to secure it,
the South was forced to yield to an unjust and un-
constitutional restriction, by which slavery was
forever prohibited north of 3G° 30'.
* For the oiiginal report, see page 12I t Cong. Globe.
