1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2399>
as*a clerk in the Second Auditor's office; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr, BROWN presented a memorial of members
of the bar of the circuit court of the District of
Columbia, praying that compensation maybe al-
lowed to James S. Morsel!, assistant judge of the
said court, for services as judge of appeals from
decisions of the Commissioner of Patents; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also presented a resolution of the corpora-
tion of Georgetown, District of Columbia, in favor
of the location of a national foundery near that
place; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of A. G.
Sloo, praying tne intervention of the Senate in
support of his contract for transporting the mails
from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean, by the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Peter P PaiUet, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdtaw the memo-
rial oi Charles J. Svvett.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
408) for the construction of a military road from
Seattle to Port Colville, in the Territory of Wash-
ington; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Military Affairs and
Militia.
Mr. POLK asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 409)
making an appropriation for the completion of
connected sections of a road from Albuquerque,
m New Mexico, to the Colorado river; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. "BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 540) to provide for the lighting with
gas certain streets across the Mall, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (tl. li. No. 248) regulating
municipal elections in the city of Washington, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. DAYIS, fiom the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, who were instructed by a
resolution of the Senate to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing for the engraving and pub-
lishing a map of the explorations of Lieutenant
Warren, in Nebraska Territory, reported in favor
of printing the map.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Ann Gratiot,widow
of Charles Gratiot, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be refened to
the Committee on the Judiciary; which was agreed
to.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the petition of Andrew
Chapman, son of George Chapman, a soldier in
the Revolution, praying to be allowed arrears of
pension; the petition of Elizabeth Uber, heir-at-
law of Dorothy Wat, widow of Ensign Philip
Wirt, of the revolutionary army; the petition of
Dolly Lincoln, Margaret Smith, and Linda Sex-
ton, children of Noah Warnner, an officer of the
Revolution, praying to be allowed the pension to
which their father was entitled; the petition of
Cynthia Bishop, daughter of Abram.Foot, pray-
ing to be allowed the pension to which Captain
Foot was entitled; the petition of James Hud-
gms, son of Ruth Murphy, late widow of John
Hudgins; the petition of George Walters, son
and heir-at-law of Michael Walters, praying to
be allowed the pension to which his father was
entitled; the petition of the heirs of Thomas Ste-
vens, a revolutionary soldier, asking pay of pen-
sion due him in his life; the petition of the sur-
viving children of Jerathmiel Doty, praying for
che arrears of pension due him as an invalid pen-
sioner; the petition of Deborah Burlmgham, pray-
ing for a pension; and the petition of Charles F.
Bruckner, administrator of William White, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon, and reported a
joint resolution (S. No. 45) inhibiting the pay-
ment of certain claims for pensions therein speci-
fied. The resolution was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 10) di-
recting the Secretary of the Interior to pay certain
pension claims therein specified, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom were referred the
petition of the heirs and representatives of Chris-
toval and Miguel De Armas; the petition of the
heirs and legal representatives of James Johnson;
a petition of citizens of New Orleans; and a peti-
tion of Joseph Reynes, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 410) to confirm certain
IRand claims in the Florida parishes of Louisiana
to the city of New Orleans and others. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, announced that the HoUse had
I passed a bill (H. R. No. 541) in relation to a rail-
i way along Pennsylvania avenue, in Washington
city, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
JOHN ETHERIDGE.
Mr. IYERSON submitted the following reso-
i lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the evidence m the case of John Ethei idge
bo withdrawn from the Senate files, and tr;m<initt<id to the
Court ot Claims, to b  used in the case of Haidm's admin-
istrator now pending in taid court.
POST ROUTES IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcsohcd} That the Committeoon the PostOffiee andPo^t
Roads be mstiucted to mquiie into the expediency of estab-
lishing, by law, the following post routes m Aikan-av,
namely: from Lewisburg, in Conway county, bv Gdlla
Rock and Bates's hi ill, to Daidanell, in Yell county ; from
Mill Bayou to Chitteeeauv, Missouri; Irom Au£u?ta, in
Jackson county, by Alvtn McDonald, to Jackson Poit; from
Memphis, Tennessee, (by rathoad,) to Madison and Xiittle
Rock, in Aikansas; fioin Seaiy, m White county, to inter-
sect the route from Desatc to Foit Smith.at Cadron creek;
fiom Paraciifta, in Sevier coumv. to Sheetucket, m Polk
county, and report by bill or otherwise.
CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 44) to grant to the judges and so-
licitor of the Court of Claims the use of the Con-
gressional Library, and for other purposes, was
read the second tune, and lefcrred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Allkn, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker of the House had
signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 231) for the
relief of Nancy Serena.
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY.
Mr. PUGH, on his motion, was excused from
further service on the Committee ©n the Judici-
ary.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance, to
whom was referred a House joint resolution, (No.
32,) making appropriations to pay the expenses
of the several investigating committees of the
House of Representatives, have directed me to re-
port it back without amendment, and to recom-
mend its immediate passage. The House are anx-
ious to get it passed at once, as there are some
witnesses waiting for their compensation. I hope
the joint resolution will bo now consideied.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
It appropriates $12,000 for the payment of ex-
penses of the several investigating committees,
and of the Judiciary Committee of the House of
Representatives, which sum is to be added to the
miscellaneous item of the contingent fund of the
House.
Thejoint resolution was reported ,to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE ASHLEY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senate now to
take up the motion to reconsider the vote taken
the other day rejecting the bill (S. No. 89) for
the relief of George Ashley, administrator de bo-
nisnon of Samuel Holgate, deceased. 1 only ask
that the reconsideration may be agreed to so that
the bill may go on the Calendar.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not ask for action
on it now. Let it take the place on the Calendar
to which it is entitled.
Mr. COLLAMER. It should be placed on the
Calendar in the order in which it stood originally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be done.
N. C. TOWLG.
Mr. IYERSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the sum of $3*21 be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate, to i\T. C. Towle, for his mileage
and expenses in vi-^Nng the Aroostook country in Maine,
under a resolution ot the Senate of 18th August, 18o6.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be referred to the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. IYERSON. 1 will state that Mr. Towle
was sent by the Committee on Claims, under a
resolution of the Senate of the 18th of August, '
ISofi, to examine certain land titles in the Slate of
Maine arising under the Ashburton treaty. He
piesented his account for expenses and mileage.
That account was audited by the Committee on
Claims Mr. Brodhead being then chairman, and
signed by Messrs. Brodhead, Fessenden, Yulee,
Geyer, Wade, and myself, " approved,*" and re-
fened to the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, of which
Judge Evans, the late Senator from South Caro-
lina, was chairman. He allowed the account for
$20U, but did not allow the expenses of three dol-
lais a day, and for hiring a horse and carriage,
twenty-two dollars. It is unnecessary to refer
the matter to the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses, because they have already acted on it,
and rejected items to the amount of $121. it is
very clear, it seems to me, that Mr. Towle is
entitled to his expenses and mileage. That is
all that has been charged; and it has been usual
to allow it in such cases.
Mr. CLAY. Is this to pay him for his ser-
vices ?
Mr. IYERSON. There is nothing included in
this account, 1 will say in response to the Senator
from Alabama, for services, it is nothing but the
mileage and actual expenditures, the expenses of
eating and dunking, &c., and hiring a buggy or
carriage fco go uj> into that wild country where
there was no facility of traveling, except by pro-
curing a conveyance, winch lie had to hire and
keep for several days. He charged nothing but
the actual expenses which he paid out, and the
mileage which has been usually allowed.
Mr. CLAY. What about the three dollars a
day ?
Mr. IYERSON. That is not allowed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is, is there unanimous consent to consider the
resolution now, without reference to the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate? The Chair hears no objection.
The resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. As I was one of the signers of
the certificate approving the account ot Mr. Towle,
being then a member of the Committee on Claims,
1 will state that my understanding was, and is
now, that the account was made out m precise •
conformity with the charges usually allowed to
clerks of the Departments performing simiiar ser-
vice.
Mr. IVERSON. That is so.
Mr. WRIGHT. This case, as I understand,
was before the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses. This gentleman was a clerk to one of the
committees of the Senate, and was receiving six
or eiWit dollars a day as compensation for that
service. The usage has been to allow ten cents
