1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137f>
into the details; it is enough to say that in three districts, in
which, by the most irrefragable evidence, there were one
hundred and fifty voters, most of whom refused to partici-
pate in this mockery of the elective franchise, these invaders
polled over a thousand votes." * * * *
On the 30th day of March last we were again invited to
the ballot-box under the law, which we, in common w.ith
our fellow-citizens In the States, had, through your body,
enacted." * * * * «The occasion came, and with
it came our invading and self-constituted masters in thou-
sands, and with all the paraphernalia of war. They came or-
ganized in band-?, with officers and arms and tents and pro-
visions and munitions ofwar, as though they were marching
upon a foreign foe instead of their own unoffending fellow-
citizens." * * * * " In the morning theysurround-
edthe polls, armed with gun«, bowie knives, and revolvers,
and declared their determination to vote at all hazards and
in spite of all consequences." * * * * "It
would be mere affectation in U3 to attempt to disguise the
fact that the question of making Kansas a free or slave State
is at the bottom of this movement, and that men who thus
invade our soil and rob us of our liberties, are from the pro-
slavery men of Missouri, who are unwilling to submit the
question to the people of the Territory, and abide the com-
pact between the North and the South which the Kansas-
Nebiaska bill contains." * * * * "With
a feeble and scattered community first strugglinginto exist-
ence, without organization, and almost without shelter, we
are powerless to resist an old, strong, and populous State,
full of men and arms and resources ; and we therefore ap-
peal to you, and through you to the people of the States.
Remedy we have none." *****
" We make now this last appeal, not to the North, not to
the South, nor to any political party, but to the represent-
atives of the whole Union. We beg that no men will sport
with ourfearful condition by endeavoring to make political
capital or build up party at the expense of our civil and
physical existence. We want the men of the North and
the men of the South to protect us. Through yourselves,
their representatives, we appeal to their honor, lu their jus-
tice, to their patriotism, to their sympathies ; not for favors,
but for rights; not for trivial rights, but for the dearest rights
guafantied to us by the Declaration of independence, by
the Constitution of the Union, by the law of our organiza-
tion, by the solemn compact of the States, and which you
pledged to us as the condition of our coming here."
An election for Delegate took place on the 1st
October, 1855; "but," says the Kansas report,
" the free-State men took no part in this election,
having made arrangements for holding an election
on the 9th of the same month." (Page 44.) It is,
however, alleged that the citizens of Missouri
voted at this election also. But the committee
adds:
" Your committee did not deem it necessary, in regard to
this election, to enter into detail?, a«i it was manifest that,
fiorn theie being but one candidate, (General Whitfield,)
he must have received a majority of the votes cast. This
election, therefoie, depends not upon the number or char-
acter of the votes seceived, but upon the validity ofthe laws
under which it was held. Sufficient testimony was taken
to show that the voting of citizens of Missouri was prac-
ticed at this election, as atall former elections in the Terri-
tory."
It was on the 14th February, 1856, that A. H.
Reeder presented his memorial contesting the
right of J. W. Whitfield to a seat as Delegate
from the Territory of Kansas.
Here then had commenced the work of rebel-
lion and revolution. Here was a determination
to defeat, by every means in their power, the will
of the dominant majority. We all knovfthe ex-
citement which spiung out of this question, and
the violent struggle which ensued here. A Dem-
ocrat, or one professing to bo a Defnocrat, on that
day, did the ungrateful work of offering a resolu-
tion which was then the subject of a long and angry
debate. It was on the 19th of February, 1856,
that Mr. Hickman, of Pennsylvania, offered a res-
olution to send for persons and papers. It does
seem as if there were always Democrats at hand
to perform the ungrateful task. He offered that
resolution, and it was openly charged on the floor
of the House that that election had been carried
by violence and fraud. Bear in mind that this
occurred in February, 1856. The election of
March, 1855, had taken place, and other elections
had taken place, arid grave charges of fraud atall
of them were made. It was in'view of these
charges that Mr. Hickman- made his motion and
submitted, in support of his application, an elabo-
rate report, (on the 5th March, 1856,) from which
I submit the following extract:
" The relative position of the contesting parties, and the
disputed questions of fact, appear in the memorial of the
contestant, who denies the entire validity of the election
law under which the sitting Delegate obtained the certificate
of the Governor of the Territoiy. This denial is based on
the alleged fact that the Legislature which passed it was
imposed upon the people by a foreign invading force, who
marched into the Territory at the election, and seized upon
the powers ot government which Congress had provided for
the actual inhabitants ; which powers, it is said, have been
held and exercised ever since by these stiangersto the soil,
under no other title than that of a strong hand and superior
numbcre,.and to the entire subjugation of the people ofthe
Territory."
After making a long extract from Governor
Reeder's statement, the report proceeds:
"These are startling allegations: and when the contest-
ant offers to prove their truth, your committee shrink frotn
the deep and solemn responsibility of declining to allow him
the opportunity to do so, or of casting the least obstacle in
his way. When facta are proclaimed to exist, striking at
the very root of our institutions, and tending to the total
subversion of republicanism, it is no time to be dredging
among technicalities or abstractions, for the material outof
which to construct equivocal objections."
Dunn's resolutions finally superseded that rec-
ommended by the election committee, and on the
19th March, 1856, passed the House.
Why were certain gentlemen then so hostile to
looking into frauds ? Upon every vote, steady as
veteran soldiers, they struggled on.
How were these charges met?
Without dwelling at length upon all the evi-
dence that might be brought to the work of demon-
stration, I will call attention to Judge Douglas's
celebrated report of March 12, 1856. Nearly a
year had elapsed; every development that could
be made touching the prior elections had taken
place. In that report, the Senator reviews the
whole subject with a giant's pen. I will give a few
extracts as apposite to my present views. First,
as to the immediate parties to the struggle in
Kansas:
" The material difference in the characterof the two rival
and conflicting movements consists in the fact that the one
had its origin m an aggressive, and the other in a defensive
policy. The one was organized in pursuance of the pro-
visions and claiming to act under the authority of a legisla-
tive cnactnientof a distant State, whose internal prosperity
and domestic security did not depend upon the success of
the movement; while the other was the spontaneousaction
of the people living in the immediate vicinity of the theater
of operations, excited, by a sense of common danger, to the
necessity of protecting their own firesides from the appre-
hended horrors of servile insurrection and intestine war.
Both parties, conceiving it to be essential to the success of
their respective plans that they should be upon the field of
operations prior to the first election in the Teiritory, selected
principally young men—persons unincumbered by families,
and whose conditions in life enabled them to leave at a mo-
ment's warning, and move with great celerity, to go at once,
and select and oecupy the most eligible sites and favored
locations in the Territory, to be held by themselves and their
associates who should follow them. For ttie successful pros-
ecution of such a scheme, the Missourians, who lived in the
immediate vicinity, possessed peculiar advantages over
their rivals from the more remote portions of the Union.
Each family could send one of its members across the line
to mark out his claim, erect a cabin, and put in a small
crop, sufficient to give linn as valid a right to be deemed an
actual settler and qualified voter as those who were being
imported by an emigrant aid society."
" In tracing,'* says the Senator, u step by step,
the origin and history of these Kansas difficul-
ties," he adds :
" Combinations in one section of the Union to stimulate
an unnatural and false system of emigration, with the view
of controlling the elections, and forcing the domestic insti-
tutions of the Territory to assimilate to those ofthe non-
slaveholding States, were followed, as might have been fore-
seen, by the use of similar means in the slaveholding States,
to produce directly the opposite result. To these causes,
and to these alone, in the opinion of \oui committee, may
be traced the origin and progress of all the oonttoversies and
disturbances with which Kansas is now convulsed.
44 It these unfortunate troubles have resulted as natural
consequences from unauthorized and improper schemes of
foreign interference with the internal aftaus and domestic
concerns of the Territory, if is apparent that the remedy
must be sought m a strict adherence to the principles, and
rigid enforcement ofthe provisions, of the organic law. In
this connection your committee feel sinceie satisfaction m
commending the messages and proclamation of the Presi-
dent of the United States, m which wc have the gratifying
as^mance that the supremacy ofthe laws will be maintained;
that rebellion will be crushed ; mat insurrection will be sup-
preyed ; that aggressive intrusion for the pui pose of decid-
ing election^, or any other purpose, will be repelled; that
unauthorized mteirneddlingin the local concerns ofthe Ter-
ritory, both from adjoining and distant States, will be pie-
vented ; that the Fedeial and local laws will be vindicated
against all attempts of organized resistance ; and that the
people of the Teiritory will be protected in the establish-
ment of their own institutions, undisturbed by encroach-
ments from without, and in the full enjoyment of the rights
of self government assured to them by the Constitution and
the organic law.
" In view of these assurance?, given under the convic-
tion that the exiting laws confer all the authority neces-
sary to the performance of these important duties, and that
the whole available force of the United States will be ex-
cited to the extent required for their performance, your com-
mittee repose in entite confidence that peace and security
and law will prevail m Kansas If any further evidence
were necessary to prove that all the cnlh.-ions and difficul-
ties in Kansas have been pioduced by the schemes of for-
eign interference which have been developed in this report,
in violation of the principles and in evasion of the provis-
ions of the Kansas-Nebraska act, it may be found m the
fact that, in Nebraska, to which the emigrant aid societies
did not extend their operations, and into which the stream
of emigration vv as permitted to flow in its usual and natur il
channels, nothing has occurred to disturb the peace, arid har-
mony of the Territory, while the principle of self-govern-
ment, in obedience to the Constitution, has had fair play,
and is quietly working out its legitimate results."
Nor is this all. The Senator largely partici-
pated in the debates upon his report, from which
I desire to submit several extracts.
In the 32d volume, part 1st, page 639, of the
Congressional Globe, he says, on the day his
report was submitted, in reply to Senator Sum-
ner:
" The Senator says he wishes emphatically to repel the
assaults which he thinks the report makes on the emigrant
aid society. What am I to understand by his denunciation
of the report ? He certainly does not intend to deny the
truth of any one fact which the report contains ! What,
then, is he going to deny ? Why this emphatic denuncia-
tion, when there is not a fact stated in the report which he
does not know to be true, and which I will not prove to be
true by official documents signed by the officers of the aid
society itself? By his emphatic denial is the country to un-
derstand that he intends to disprove the facts ? He knows
the time will never come when he will controvert the truth
of any one fact which is stated in our report with regard to
the emigrant aid society? Whether their action is laudable
or treasonable is another question; but that the charter is
truthfully set forth, that its objects and aims are copied from
Us own official proceedings, and that every statement of a
fact is truly made, cannot be controverted. This he knows
as well as I do. Idonot intend to allow denials ofthe truth
of facts to be interposed to screen men from the conse-
quences of their action, when that action is avowed and
susceptible of proof; hence the Senator's denial cannot be
interposed. It is a denial of facts .which he knows to be
true; it is a denial of facts which shall not be controverted.
If, instead of denying, he proposed to justify them, I would
willingly hear him; but he cannot be permitted to deny
them. Our statements are based on the records of the
legislative proceedings of the Senator's own State, and on
documents attested by the signatures of the officers of the
emigrant aid society. The facts shall not be denied. When
he coines to offer his apologies, or his excuses, or his justi-
'fication for them, I shall be glad to hear anything which he
may bring forward in vindication of the enormity of their
conduct; but let him not make broad denials unsustained
by proof. <
"The Senator says that we begin our game with < loaded
dice.' I understand that to be agambler's phrase. He may
be able to explain it; certainly it will require explanation
before the majority of the Senate will be able tounderstand
it. If he means that he is prepared to go to the country to
justify treason and rebellion, let hmi go; and I tru the will
meet the fate which the law assigns to such conduct. If
he means that the hopes of his party are to produce a col-
lision in Kansas, in which blood may be shed, that he may
traffic in the blood of his own fellow citizens for political
purposes, he will soon discover how much he will make by
that course. We understand that this is a movement for
the purpose of producing a collision, with the hope that
civil war may be the result if blood shall he shed in Kansas.
Sir, we are ready to meet that issue. We stand upon the
Constitution and the laws ofthe land. Our position is,the
maintenance ofthe supremacy ofthe laws,and the putting
down of violence, fraud, treason, and rebellion against the
Government.
" The Senator stakes himself on the minority report. I
say that report justifies foreign interference in Kansas;
while the majority report denies the right of foreign inter-
ference. Taking that minority report, I can justify, under
its principles, eveiy act that has been done in regard to Kan-
sas, either by person* from Massachusetts or from Missouri.
The majority report denies the right of any man to violate
the law, and to pervert the principles of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act, whether he comes from the North or the South.
The "minority report advocates foreign interference; we
advocate self-government and non-interference. We are
ready to meet the issue ; and there will be no dodging. We
intend to meet it boldly ; to require submission to the laws
and to the constituted authorities; to reduce to subjection
those who resist them, ami to punish rebellion and treason.
I am glad that a defiant spirit is exhibited here; we accept
the issue.
u I will say no more now. At an early day I shall take
occasion to expie&s my opinions on the whole question, if
mv health and strength and voice will permit; and I shall
hold mjself responsible to vindicate every position assumed
in the majority repoit."
Mr. Harris, then and now a member of this
House, on the 13th of March, 1856, made a
speech on Kansas affairs, from which I propose
to submit a few extracts:
" We have here presented, at the very threshold of our
inquiries, a question of the gravest character. Can this?
House, in the exercise of its constitutional right of determ-
ining the election and qualification of its members, go be-
hind the law of their election, and question the right by
which the members of the Territorial Legislature held their
seats? I deny the pow<r of ihis House to do it; and were
I. for the sake of argument, to admit the power, I hold thai
there is no reason why it should be intrusted to this Com-
mittee of Elections." ******
" But, sir, I am opposed to the resolution of the commit-
tee for another reason. I have no sort of confidence in the
commute** that deques to make the investigation. I should
have no more confidence m the report which they would
make than I have m the one they have aheady presented.
Upon the ordinary subjects of legislation I would regard the
investigation of a committee of this House with much re-
spect; but upon an exciting political question, where a
committee has been formed by you with two third? of its
members of the Black Republican stripe, who have been
thrown in here themselves by the crazy current of auti-
Kansasnm, with the black flag of Abolitionism In their
hands, I should have no more regard than for the babble of
a maniac. The country would have no confidence in recti
a report. It is a one-sided committee, prejudiced upon one
