1376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2(5.
aide—without, perhaps, being aware ot it—and from them
nothing could be expected but a one-sided report."
^0 * ^ + * * * * * *
'*< I then say that this whole movement was instigated,
and has been prosecuted, with the objects of shaping the
institutions of Kansas, and ultimately those of Missouri, arid
in keeping up a political excitement in the country, by
which certain political leaders hoped to be advanced, and
also to use that excitement in turning to good advantage the
< almighty dollar.'"
In what has been extracted, it has been my
purpose to show the positions taken by both
parties, and have left it to be shown on the Dem-
ocratic side by gentlemen then conspicuous in the
Democratic party.
Has the Black Republican party reformed? Let
us see. I have not Governor Geary's corres-
pondence at hand; but I find one extract, which
I cut from Mr. Sherman's speech, delivered on
the 28th January last. He says:
" Governor Geary, in his letter to the President, of No-
vember 22, 1856, says:
"( When I arrived here the entire Territory was declared
by the acting Govei nor to be m a state of insurrection; the
<uvil authority was powerless, and so complicated by par-
tisan affiliations, as to be without capacity to vindicate the
majesty of the law, and restore the broken peace.' "
On the 30th March, 1857, Robert J. Walker
was appointed Governor of Kansas; and on the
31st of the same month Frederick P. Stanton was
appointed Secretary of the Territory. Governor
Walker did not immediately repair to his post.
The Secretary of the Territory, announcing1 his
arrival and the assumption of his duties as acting
Governor, under date of the 17th April, 1857,
says:
"ftafFoids me great satisfaction to advise you that, so
far as I have yetlearned, the people of the Territory are en-
tirely peaceable and quiet, and exhibit every disposition to
remain so "
Governor Walker, having reached Kansas in
May 1857, assumed the duties of his office. In
his letter of July 15th, giving an account of the
state of the Territory, he says:
"Although still suffering from debility, as the result of
my illness, I considered the crisis so alarming as to require
iny immediate presentment Lawrence, whore I pioceedod in
company with Mr. Secretary Stanton, and alter spending
several hours there, aseeitamed to myelinic satiMachon
that all Hie facta communicated to me were true, and that
this movement at Lawrcncc wan the beginning ot a plan,
originating in that city, to oigamze inMmection throughout
the Territory; and especially hi all towns, cities, or coun-
ties, where the Republican parry have a majority. Lawrence
is the liot-bed of all the abolition movements in this Teiri-
tory. ft is the town established by the abolition societies
of the Ea t, and whilst there are respectable people there,
it is filled by a considerable number of merconaiies, who
are paid by abolition societies to perpetuate and diffuse agi-
tation throughout Kansas, and prevent a peaceful settlement
of this question. Having failed m inducing then own so-
called Topeka State Legislature to oiganize this insurrec-
tion, Lawrence has commenced it herself, and, if not ar-
rested, the lebelhon _vill extend throughout the Territory."
He then calls for troops, and a regiment being
placed at his command, he proceeds:
"The regiment will he commanded by Colonel Cooke,
who will act m obedience to my orders. 1 shall encamp in
the immediate vicinage of Lawrence, and in a manner con-
formably to tin; law will put down, by military force, if ne-
cessary, this moat wicked rebellion.
k< In order to send this comnmuicatiou immediately by
mail, I must close by assuiingyou that the spuitof rebolhon
pervades the great mass of the Republican parly of this Ter-
ritory, instigated, as I entertain no doubt they arc, by east-
ern societies, having in view results most disastrous to the
Governmentand to the Union ; and that the continued pres-
ence of Geueial Harney here is indispensable, as originally
stipulated by mo, with a laige body of dragoons and several
batteries."
In his proclamation of the same date, after
making most earnest appeals, he says:
" A rebellion so iniquitous, and necessarily involving such
awful consequcnces, has never before di-graeed any age or
country.
(l Permit me to call your attention, as still claiming to be
citizens of the United States, to the result-; of yout icvolu-
tionary pioceedmgs. You are inaugurating rebellion and
revolution; you are disregarding the laws ot Congn>« and
of the territorial government, and defying their authority ;
you are conspinng to overthrow thegovernmentof the Uni-
ted States in this Territory. Yum puipose, if catried into
cffect in the mode designated by you, by putting your laws
forcibly into execution, would involve you in the guilt and
crime of treason.'5
Governor Walker, in his letter to the Secretary
of State, of July 20, 1357, says:
"Therein imminent danger, unless the terntorial govern-
ment is sustained by a largo body of the troop* of the Uni-
ted State-, that, tor all piactioal purposes, it will be over-
thrown or reduced to a condition ot absolute imbecility. I
am constrained, therefore, to infoim jou that, with a view
io sustain the autnonty of the United States m thi-> Teni-
toiy, it is indispensably necessary that we should have im-
mediately stationed at Fort Leaven woith at least two thou-
sand tegula. tioops, and that General Hamey should be re-
tained m command."
Again, in his letter of August3,1857, he urges
a reinforcementto the already large body of troops
in the Territory:
" The spirit of insurrection^ of resistance to the laws, and
to the territorial government, still pervades Kansas, and
manifests itself m their newspapers, in violent harangues,
in the enrollment and drilling of their troops, and in open
threats for the use of the insurgent foices at thy October
election. Menaces, indeed, have been made in the most
public manner, to drive the constitutional convention by
foice m September next from Lecompton. Under these cir-
cumstances, it becomcs my duty to icnew my icqucst, so
often made, that two thousand regular troops, chiefly
mounted men, should be sent immediately into Kansas, to-
gether with two batteucs."
I have thus elaborately shown who was to be
blamed for all the troubles in Kansas. INow,sir,
what was the remedy, as openly avowed by all
parties? A convention, a constitution, and ad-
mission into the Union as a sovereign State. Ac-
cordingly, on the 15th August, 1855, a general,
meeting was held by the free-State men, which
initiated the movement which became general
throughout the Territory. The delegates thus
elected met at Topeka on the 19th day of Septem-
ber, 1855, and resolved upon a convention; and
fixed upon the second Tuesday of October to hold
an election for delegates to a convention to be held
at Topeka on the fourth Tuesday (23d) of Octo-
ber. The convention met, drafted a constitution,
which was submitted to the people on the 15th
day of December, 1855, and adopted by a vote
of only seventeen hundred and thirty-one, and
ordered an election for State officers to be held on
the 15th January, 1856. The Legislature then,
elected, besides various other matters, elected
United States Senators, to one of whom, General
J. H. Lane, was assigned the duty of presenting
the new constitution and the memorial asking for
admission into the Union. It was presented to
the Senate, I think, on the 7th of April, 1856.
It was declared in debate there to be vitiated by
fraud and forgery; and, sir, the honorable Sena-
tor who presented it requested that it should be
returned to him; and when it was returned, he
gave it, in disgust, back to the man from whom
he had received it. This constitution was urged
as the sovereign remedy forall the ills of Kansas.
The minority report of Mr. Collamer declares
that they saw no earthly source of relief but in
the formation of a State government by the peo-
ple, and the acceptance and ratification thereof
by Congress."
Mr. Seward avowed his readiness to receive it,
even though the population of the Territory might
not exceed twenty-five thousand souls. And this
House, on the 3Uth of June, 1856, by a vote of
107 yeas to 106 nays, passed the bill admitting
Kansas into the Union under the Topeka consti-
tution. The Senate also passed a bill, generally
called the Toombs bill, authorizing the people of
Kansas to form a constitution. That bill, when
introduced, had a piovision that the constitution
should be submitted to the people; but, when it
was reported back from the committee, it was re-
ported back with that provision stricken out.
President Pierce had previously, in a special mes-
sage, recommended it in the following words:
"Thfc, it seems to me, can he best accomplished by pro-
viding that, when the inhabitants ot Kansas may desire
it, and shall be of sufficient numbeii to constitute a State,
a convention of delegates duly elected by the qualified
voter-*, shall assemble to tiame a constitution, and thus
prepaie, thiough regular and lawful means, for its admission
into the Union as a State, f respectfully leeommend the
enactment of a law to that effect."
About the same time, the Territorial Legisla-
ture, at its July session, 1856, passed a law sub-
mitting the question of a convention to the peo-
ple; the first section of which is in the following
words:
'* Sec. 1. That there shall be, at the first general election
to come oft in October, a poll opened at the several
places of voting thioughout this Temtory, for taking the
sen^e of the people of this Teintory upon the expediency
of calling a convention to form a State constitution."
The election was held; and the people voted in
favor of holding a convention, in accordance
with this vote, the Territorial Legislature passed
"An act to piovide for the taking a census, and
the election of delegates to a convention," on the
19th February, 1857. The eighth section of said
act provides that the delegates to the convention
shall be elected " on the third Monday in June
next." And the sixteenth section provides that
they shall assemble in convention "on the first
Monday, of September next," (1857.) The elec-
tion was held, and the delegates duly assembled.
On the 7th of November, 1857, the convention
completed its labors, submitting only the clause
in reference to slavery to the vote of the people,
which, it was provided, should be taken on the
21st of December following.
Thus every branch of the Federal Government,
and every party in the Temtory, although dis-
jointed in action, agreed in the remedy for the
pacification of Kansas, to wit, admission into the
Federal Union.
Allow me to remark that both constitutions had
been formed in peace. Both parties had held their
preliminary elections without interference There
was no contest; no struggle; no collision; and it
may be fairly inferred, in the absence of all motive,
there was no fraud.
Both constitutions are now before this House;
the Topeka constitution, framed by the conven-
tion called for that purpose, and the Lecompton
constitution, framed by the convention also as-
sembled for that purpose; and both very similar
in their organization.
Was the Topeka constitution the emanation of
legal authority? and does it represent the voting
population, as recognized by the laws of the Ter-
ritory? I quote from Judge Douglas's report.
He says, speaking of the Topeka movement:
" With regard to the legularity of these proceeding*, your
committee see no necessity for further criticism than is to
be found in the fact that it was the movement of a political
party, instead of the whole body of the people of Kan*a-,
conducted without the sanction of law, and in defiance of
the constituted authorities, for the avowed purpose of over-
throwing the territorial government established by Con-
gress."
lie further says, page 33:
" Your committee have made these voluminous extiact3
from the best authenticated reports which they have been
able to obtain of the proceedings of the convention, for the
purpose of showing; that it was distinctly understood on all
bides that the adoption of the proposition for organizing tho
State government before the assent of Congress for the ad-
mission of the State should he obtained, was a decision m
favoi of repudiating the laws, and overthrowing the tern-
toiial government in defiance of the authority of Congie«.«.
By this decision, as incorpoiated into the schedule to the
constitution, the vote on the ratification of the constitution
was to be held on the loth of December, 1855, and the elec-
tion for ali State ofliccrs on the thud Tuesday of January,
1836."
Upon this subject I need say no more. Was
the Lecompton constitution the emanation of le-
gal authority? and does it represent, truly and
fairly, the voting population, under congressional
and territorial laws? It is known to us all that
the Territorial Legislature of Kansas, at its ses-
sion in 1856, passed an act submitting to the peo-
ple, at the general election in October, 1856, " the
expediency of calling a convention to form a State
constitution." That, in obedience to the will of
the people, the Legislature, on the 19th February,
1857, passed a law providing for the election of
delegates, to take place on the 15th June, and the
convention to assemble on the 4th day of Septem-
ber thereafter. Great efforts were made to bring-
all parties to the support of those laws. On the
17th of April,*1857, Secretary Stanton issued his
inaugural as the acting Governor of the Territory,
in which he says:
"The Government of the United States recognizes the
authority of the territorial government in all matters whice
are within the scope of the organic actof Congress and con-
sistent with the Federal Constitution. I hold that there can
be no other rightful authonty exetcised within the limits of
Kansas, and I shall pioeeed to the faithful and impaitial ex-
ecution of the laws of the Terntoiy, by the u-?e of all the
means placed in my power and which may be necessary to
that end.
k<The Government especially lecogmzes the tern tonal act
which provides for assembling a convention to fonn a con-
stitution, with a view to making application to Oongie^s for
admission as a State into tho lTnion. That act n regaided
as presenting the only test of the qualification ol voters for
delegates to the convention, and all pi.ecedmg repugnant
resti ictions are thereby repealed. In this light, the act must
be allowed to have piovided for a full and fair expression
of the will of the people, through the delegates who may be
chosen to represent them in the constitutional convention "
Governor Walker, in his inaugural of the 27th
of May, 1857, says:
" But it is said that the convention is not legally called,
and that the election will not be freely and fairly conducted,
j The Territorial Legislature is the power ordained fortius
| purpose by the Congress of the United St.nes; and in op
| posing it, you resist the authonty of the Federal Govern-
ment. That Legislature was called into being by the Con-
gress of 1854, and is recognized in the very latest congres-
sional legislation." k *• * * * . r *
I see in this act calling the convention no improper or
unconstitutional restrictions upon the right of suffrage. I
see m it no test oath or other similar provi?ions objected i-o
in relation to previous laws, but clearly repcalcdas ropug-
