1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
if that be done outside of the United States, the
person who does it shall be tried in the court of the
district where he is first brought. That is the
language.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Certainly.
Mr. GROESBECK. And, furthermore, the
eighth section gives the authority to the Presi-
dent to employ the naval force to prevent the com-
mission of this crime outside of the United States.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That ia your
inference. That is the construction the gentle-
man has put upon it. Now, sir, the section to
which the gentleman first alludes does declare, if
an individual outside of the United States com-
mits the offense that he states, if he be a citizen
of the United States, that he shall be punished.
But ho is to be taken within the jurisdiction of
the United States. In that part of the law which
goes to the penalty, he is first to be caught, and
caught inside. That is my construction. There
is nothing here which commissions the President
to go upon the high seas and seize such a citizcn.
That the gentleman infers; and I say that the in-
ference is by construction, and an erroneous one.
He has no authority to doit; moreover, this being
a penal statute, it is to be strictly construed.
Mr. Chairman, I state as a second proposition,
and I wish gentlemen to attend to it, that the
President of thcUnited States cannot use the mil-
itary force—the militia, the Army, or the Navy,
except by permission of the law; and here at the
beginning, I differ radically, with almost every
gentleman who has been upon the opposite side of
this question. Thegentleman, himself, who has
just interrupted me, asked the other day, where
is the limitation in the eighth section? What law
does the President or Commodore Paulding vio-
late, in arresting upon the high seas enterprises
of this sort ? What constitutional featuie or clause
is violated? Where is the restriction upon the
President, or upon the naval officer? There is a
fundamental difference between us. He has first
got to show the law for it. And, sir, I say, and
without the fear of contradiction, that the Presi-
dent of the United States cannot use the Army or
the Navy or the militia, but in the enforcement
of judicial proceedings, under our intra-terntorial
laws, with the exceptions I shall allude to. On
the high seas, under particular laws, he is em-
powered to use the Navy. This is as a police;
but under intra-temtorial laws the President can-
not use any of the military forces of this country
but in subordination to, and in advancing legal
process, and they are then called in as the posse
eomilatus to aul your marshal; and this is done by
authority of law. This power was not given to
the President, until 1795, and I call the attention
of the House to that act. It is as follows:
"Sec. 2. Jlri'l Icit further enact erf, That whenever the
laws of the United States <-hali be opposed, or the execution
thereof obstructed, in any Stale, by combination*, mo pow-
erful to be suppiobsed by the oidinary coiuse of judicial pro-
ceedings. or by the poweis vested in the maifhata by tins
act. it «hali be'lawful for the President of the United States
to call forth the militui of &ueh State, or of any other rtiatc
or Suites, as may be necest-ury to suppress such combina-
tions, and to cau-e the law* to be duly executed; and the
use ofmihua so to ?>e callcd iortii may be continued, itnece5*-
saty, until the expiration of thirty days at'tertiie commence-
ment of the then next session of Congress."
That is the act which empowers him to call
forth the militia. In 1807another law was passed,
empowering him to use the Army and Navy in
the same cases only. Apart from these laws, the
President has no power, intra-territonally, to use
the Army or the Navy, with two exceptions: that
is, to aid in putting down insurrection when called
upon by the Legislature, or, in the absence of the
Legislature, by the Executive of a State, which
is provided in the first section of the act of 3795.
These are the only cases under our law.
Now, when the gentleman speaks of any lim-
itation, or when he asks me where is the limita-
tion, I say, show the grant, of the authority. The
position i take is, that you first have got to show
the grant. It is for you to show the authority.
Now, then, the only authority the gentleman cited
was the latter part of this eighth section, in winch
it is said, " And also for the purpose of prevent-
ing the cairying on," &c.
But, sir, I do not give the construction he does
to the word "prevent," orcarryingon. What docs
it mean? The gentleman argues that it means
"break up," 44 to go out upon the high seas and
arrest.1' I say "prevent" does not mean that.
"Prevent," from prevenio, to come before; to
stand in front. In the marine league, if you please,
to prevent; to stay back; 'stand in front; prevent
these cxcui sions or enterprises from going or being
carried on from the territorial jurisdiction of the
United States. That is my construction.
Now, sir, as to carrying on, let us sec if I am car-
ried out and sustained by cotemporaneous under-
standing of this word. In 1794, Congress passed
a lav/, entitled "An act to prohibit the cairying on
of the slave trade fiom the United States to any
foreign place or country. "Carrying on!91 And
in this very act the vessels of the United States
are not empowered to make any seizure; there is
to be no confiscation except intra-temtoriaHy. I
read from the first section, speaking of those ships
which shall thus be engaged. It is as follows:
"And shall be liable to be seized, prosecuted and con-
demned in any of theciicuit eouite, or dihtiict courts for the
district"—
not where the ship shall be found upon the high
seas, but in the district—
" where the said ship or vessel may be found and seized."
That is, within the jurisdiction of the United
States; and this act was entitled " An act to pre-
vent and prohibit the carrying on," &c. Now,
sir, if cotemporaneous interpretation of words
in laws is allowed, I soy I am justified in my in-
ference that the Legislature meant by "carrying
on'* the same thing m the one case as in the other.
The title of the act of 1794 was " to prohibit the
| carrying on," and there was no extra-territorial
i power conferred upon the naval officers. 1 have
been asked if the President cannot arrest an of-
fender against our laws upon the high seas. In
cases of piracy; in case of the slave trade—for at
this time that is declared piracy; in case of mur-
der upon the high sej\s in American bottoms—all
these cases arc provided for by law. Hence my
proposition, I maintain, is incontrovertible, that
the President cannot use the Army and the naval
forces of this country, unless by legal auihoiity
expressed.
Another reason for ni3T construction is, that the
part relied upon, that no extra-territorial author-
ity was contemplated hy this latter part of the
eighth section of the act of 1813, empowers the-
President to use the Army and militia just as
much as the Navy. Now, sir, I ask this House
—1 ask the country—if, under that law, the Exec-
utive can use the Navy for the purpose of break-
ing up or preventing the carrying on of expedi-
tions beyond the marine league, why he cannot,
for the same purpose, transfer the whole Army
and nnlitia of this country into the interior of tho
foreign country, or wherever the exped ition may
go? Has not the President as much right to send
the Army and the militia to pursue them, as he
has the Navy? Has he, then, the right to send
our entire military force into the interior of Nic-
aragua, or, England it may be, if he cannot arrest
the carrying on short of that point, provided the
opposing party in any country consents? Some
of Walker's partyore in possession of Fort Cas-
tillo. Well, has the President a right to send an
army up there to dispossess them? If so, the Pres-
ident of the United States may make war, or
engage in any foreign war by the consent of one
of the parties. All that will be necessary is for
pome of our people to take sides with one party,
and then for the President, with the consent of
the other, to send the Army, the Navy, and the
militia, to prevent the "carrying on*' of such in-
terference. I tell gentlemen tins is dangerou?* doc-
trine; there is no law for it. I stand oji the laws.
I am here to defend the Constitution of my coun-
try. I am not here the advocate of the breakers
of law, in any sense of the word. It is you who
would break the law, under pretense of arresting
offenders. I say that this eighth section never,
in my judgment, contemplated any such power.
If the President has the light to send the Navy
beyond the marine league, he has got the right to
send the Army after the expedition into the in-
terior of the country, consent being given, as I
have stated. No gentleman can get out of that.
But, Mr. Chairman, I find that my time is pass-
ing. i took occasion, when 1 addressed tho com-
mittee before, to express some opinions as to the
law of nations. Som.e gentlemen have replied to
them. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ghoes-
beck] atod, the other day, the authority of Judge
Story, in the Mariana Flora case, in which the
dictwh occurred that the United States ships may
seize ships, commanded by American citizens,
that are engaged in violating our law, outside of
the marine league. But that was a case of piracy,
very unfortunately for the gentleman who has
cited that case.
I Mr. SMITH, of Virginia* Congress has granted
' special power in such cases.
M r. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Yes, Congress
has given the power to seize on the high seas any
vessel violating our law in such cases; and if
Judge Story maintained anything else he has not
cited any cases. And I still call for the case. I
state, Mr Chairman, as I said before, that this
case of Paulding is, in my recollection, the first
case of the icind in the country. 1 defied the pro-
duction of a case. We have been here ten days,
and no case has yet been produced. This is a
new case, and wc should settle principles as we
go. Constitutional liberty, the rights of the people
of this country, demand the settlement of these
principles aright.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mont-
gomery] cited, yesterday, wfiat he callcd inter-
national law, to show that it was the duty of the
Government of the United States to restrain its
citizens. I wish to say, in passing, that that por-
tion of Vattel which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania cited, refers to good neighborhood and
to comity between neighboring States. I agree
with every word of it. But in no case there cited,
is it the duty of this or any other Gevernmentto
go outinto the territory of other nations to arrest
its citizens or subjects offending there. The doc-
trine he cr.ed is applicable to this case. If, on our
northern borders, citizens of the United States go
over and steal and commit robbery and violence
in Canada, and come back here, anil if wc nourish
and protect and guard them, that principle of law-
requires that we should restore the stolen property
and punish the offender. I subscribe to every
word of it.
But doss that doctrine apply to this ease ? Now
I lav down another position as being consistent
with the law of nations, and I say that there is
no power in the Government of the United States,
nor does the law of nations require us to prevent
American citizens, cither by one, two, a dozen, or
a hundred, from quitting this country, and going
to other countries, and there joining the enemy of
any party at peace with us.
Now, that covers the case. I am sustained in
it by what I recognize to be the highest authority
in this country. Would that my time allowed me
to go more into detail! But I desire to call the
attention of the committee to the opinion of Daniel
Webster on this subject. In reply to the position
assumed yesterday by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, I will read what Mr. Webster, in his
correspondence with Lord Ashhurton, in 1342,
says:
" Whatever duties or relations that law (the Saw of na-
tions) create* between the hovereisn and hi-- fcul>,ixt, Cuu
he onto* eed and maintained oaly witum th* rfiaIm,or proper
possessions or teintory, o' the sovereign."
If you catch the offender inside, then you may
punish him.
"There may 1)3 quite as just a prerogative juht to tho
property of Mibjcns as to their pei -oiul services, iij an exi-
gency of the State ; but no Government thinks of coin roll wi,
by its own laws, piopeity of its subjects ssiu.ued abroad—
much less does any Government tlmilt of entei in:,' the tcru-
tory of another Power for the purpose of ^eixi.m -itch prop-
erty, aid applying it to its own xuies. As i.uv>. mc preroga-
tive^: 'he Crown en Eii'Jaad have 110 obligation on persons
or pioperfy domiciled or situated abroad."
Now, when citizens of the United States abjure
| their country, leave it, change their allegiance and
domicile, and go to Nicaragua or elsewhere, there
is no duty whatever resting on this Government
to arrest them or punish them.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. That is certainly true
as anplicable to property. But would it cover the
case of a man who attacks the sovereigntyitself?
When a man goes into another country to attack
its sovereignty, can the sovereignty of that coun- ^
try be set up as shielding and piotectmg him who "
is attempting to destroy it?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not set up
the sovereignty of Nicaragua, x do not occupy
1 that ground. 1 say that this Government has got
I no right to go there after men who were citizens
i of this country after they have parted with their
f allegiance; and Mr. Webster says Una it is not
' incumbenton this country, by the law of nations,
to do it. Nicaragua has got no embodied sov-
ereignty at this time. She is the theater of fac-
tions. The only legitimately-elected President
