2402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
tinguished in this particular department and not
be educated at all; they may have picked up their
knowledge for themselves in after life. Some of
the most eminent and successful engineers in the
world, have been of that class. What was the
elder Stephenson, who invented the steam rail car,
but a laborer in a workshop? He had no educa-
tion of any sort; and in my opinion, the very ed-
ucation and pursuits of these officers disable them
from the great business of carrying on the im-
provement of a river or a road; and my observa-
tion has been', that whenever they have been sent
to works of this kind, they have spent twice, and
sometimes three or four times the money that pri-
vate individuals would do for the same service,
without the same benefit. I was giving the testi-
mony of one of the supporters of these measures,
the honorable Senator from Illinois, in remarks
which he made here at the last Congress, that
ninety percent, of your appropriations was squan-
dered by these officers, and the appropriations
had turned out to be worse than useless. There
is a case in North Carolina where hundreds of
thousands of dollars were expended under their
direction to improve a river; and after having done
that, North Carolina called on us for hundreds
of thousands of dollars more to repair their blun-
ders, and remedy the injury they had done to
Cape Fear river. We passed a bill for that pur-
pose at the last Congress. Their whole patk is
strewed with failures; that is their history.
I was saying that everybody knows that the
Government does the business more expensively
than .individuals. That is my opinion, and I be-
lieve it is the general opinion. Not only that, but
the Government does it worse than individuals.
Then why do they come here and ask the Gov-
ernment to do it? Simply because they are not in-
terested in the expenditure; it is not their money.
People who spend their own money are careful
about the agencies to whom they intrust it; but
those who spend other people'smoncyarein^ilTer-
ent as to the agencies by which it is done. These
are sound principles, which everybody, 1 pre-
sume, will understand. The reason why they
come to the Government is not that the Govern-
ment will do it better, for experience shows that
it does it worse. It is not that the Government
will do it more economically and skillfully, but it
is because it is done with the money of others,
not their own. Look at the enormous appropri-
ations asked this year for the simplest work which
is made by these engineers. They are continu-
ally on the lakes, and continually making esti-
mates. Of course they are not to blame for it;
the Government sends them there; but it is a le-
gitimate argument with me, according to the facts
of the ease, that the Government does it worse
them anybody else, and always has.
Mr. DAVlS. I will not interrupt the Senator
if it be at all disagreeable to him.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not.
Mr. DAVIS. But as he seems about to pass
from that point, I wish to make a correction.
Without specifying any ease himself, he refers to
the Senator from Illinois, who, I think, somewhat
injudiciously did instance a case—the construc-
tions on the Ohio river. Those constructions,
so far from having been made by officers of the
Army, topographical or other engineers, were con-
structions which had been made exactly upon the
same idea the Senator now announces, that men
without education could be got to do the work
bettor than those who had learned something, and
so they got a steamboat man to build a dam at
Cumberland Island, and that dam was one of the
very cases the Senator from Illinois rested his ac-
cusation on. It was not constructed by the Uni-
ted States engineers, and they would never have
put it there. I know no improvements which jus-
tify the charge that the Senator from Georgia has
been making, unless ho goes back to a remote
period, when some wing walls were built on the
upper Ohio. They were injudiciously built by
an Army engineer, but there is not an Army en-
gineer now who would attempt to advocate them.
I think their expenses have been lower than they
would have been if they were turned over to con-
tractors or to men having an interest. They have
stood as the defendeis of the Government against
private interest, and their permanent connection
with the Government naturally made them so. I
do not think general accusations should be made
against them. If there be any particular case I
will meet it, if I have the knowledge now to an-
swer any accusation.
Mr. TOOMBS. It seems that these gentlemen
are very tenacious on the point of defending the
engineer corps. I was only illustrating a general
principle from known facts. I am willing to leave
the question to the entire country. Let it pass as
my opinion, that they are the least competent and
most expensive of all persons for this kind of
work. That is my judgment; and I leave the ar-
gument with the country. The case I gave was
the.Cape Fear river; one within my own knowl-
edge. Another case was the discharge, by my
own State, of a colonel of engineers, because he
was inefficient and very expensive.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I will answer to the first,
as that is specific; and I do not know, on the sec-
ond, to what the Senator refers. The application
which was made for an appropriation to improve
the navigation of the Cape Fear river was not on
account of bad work done on that river. It was
said to be the consequence of a fortification built
outside of Che Cape Fear river; that a fortification
built to defend the entrance into Cape Fear had,
by the attrition of the bank, formed a bar at the
mouth of Cape Fear river, and thus affected the
navigation. I did not believe it at the time, and
I do not believe it now.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is wholly mis-
taken as to the reasons given for that measure.
Mr. Badger, the then Senator from North Caro-
lina, put it expressly upon the ground that the
Government had injured the liver by the injudi-
cious building of dams; and it went through this
body on that ground.
Mr. DAVIS. It was a fort outside of the mouth
of the river. Itis matter of report; the whole case
is spread upon the record.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand the matter per-
fectly well; I know the locality. Some of those
wings are more than live miles from the fort that
was being repaired. I know the locality; I have
passed by it fifty times.
Mr. DAVIS. Were any of them in the river?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; in Cape Fear river.
Mr. CLINGMAN. T will state the facts as I
have always understood them. After the fort was
built, fearing that perhaps it might be injured by
the current of the river, or some other cause, a sort
of dam or jetty was made out, to throw the cur-
rent off. That was supposed "to have thrown the
water on the other side, and washed away the
opposite bank, and made the liver perhaps half a
mile or a mile wider, spread it out, and produced
shoal water. The late efibi ts of the Government,
therefore, have been to narrow the liver again by
stopping the new inlet, and by throwing the cur-
rent bark where it originally was; and it has been
stated again and again that this accidcnt would
not have occurred, but for the work of which I
have spoken,to protect the fort, which threw the
current off. That is my impression about the
occurre nee.
Mr. TOOMBS. There are many instances to
which I might allude, if the Senator from Mis-
sissippi insisted on specific instances. The bill
for the improvement of Cape Fear river was in-
troduced here, and argued as an exceptional ease
upon the ground that the object was to repair a
damage done by bad engineering of the Govern-
ment. It passed Congress on the ground that
the injury to the river was the act of the Govern-
ment; and the object was to remove what it had
done, which had injured, instead of benefited, the
navigation; and I believe the bill was signed by
the President for that reason.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will answer the Senator if he
will permit me.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. It was considered by the Pres-
ident, upon the terms used m the law, that Con-
gress had decided that the bar formed at the
mouth of Cape Fear river was the consequence of
the action of the Government. It was not bad
engineering; there was nothing said about engi-
neering. It was presented, however, as the con-
sequence of the action of the Government in the
law; and that action of the Government was, m
the opinion of Congress, I suppose, the construc-
tion of the fort and the wall or jetty, which was
thrown out from the fort to protect the island on
which the fort was built. That was outside of
the Cape Fear river. That jetty is claimed, as
the Senator from North Carolina has stated, to
have deflected the current, and caused shoal water.
I know of no work which was done in the river;
it was not good engineering nor bad engineering
for the improvement of the river. The engineer-
ing was the construction of the fort. That con-
struction I believe to have been well done. I did
not believe, and I do not believe now, what is
asserted in the law, that the attrition of the point
and the formation of the bar were at all attribu-
table to the construction of the fort.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not see that the facts with
which I set out have been in the slightest degree
altered'by these interruptions. The people of
North Carolina came here and said the Govern-
ment, by its works in Cape Fear river, below the
port of Wilmington, had injured the fiver, and they
asked the Government to remove them. That was
my general idea about it, and I knew it was made
an exceptional case. I was speakingfrom memory
in regard to it. It was so far exceptional, that Mr.
Pierce, who vetoed all appropriations for the re-
moval of natural obstructions as unconstitutional,
for which I very highly commended him, approved
that bill for the reason that it was stated in the
law to be for repairing damages done by the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. DAVIS. That case and the Savannah river
constitute two exceptions.
Mr, TOOMBS. The Savannah river was ex-
cepted on another ground, i t was on account of
vessels sunk there by the defenders of Savannah,
to prevent the coming up of the troops The Cape
Fear bill was put on the ground that it was to re-
move damages done by the Government. I do
not think there is any principle of patriotism
which ought to call on any man, especially a to-
pographical engineer, to serve the Government
for $1,500 a year if he is worth $10,000. I do not
think it is any want of patriotism to quit the ser-
vice, or any patriotism to adhere to it, under such
cncumstances. I consider thatamandoes either
the one or the other according to his tastes, and
according to the advantage to himself; and there
are a thousand incidents of life which affect it.
Nobody, I apprehend, with my opinions of these
officers, would ever employ one of them to dig a
ditch, unless he knew him very well. Of course,
particular individuals may be well educated and
fit for the. work; but to take them at hazard, be-
cause they came from West Point, would be no
recommendation to me. I should want to know
that this man had skill, and the other faculties
necessary for such service. The simple fact that
he belonged to the United States engineer corps
would be no recommendation; for, as I have said,
in my State our experience of them has been dis-
astrous.
When these interruptions occurred in regard to
the engineer corps, 1 had nearly concluded what
I had to say, and I should not have occupied five
minutes longer if I had been permitted to proceed.
I stated my own judgment of these officers from
rather limited experience, I admit; but I icferred
to the authority of the Senator from Illinois, and
I will correct the Senator from Mississippi in re-
gard to that. The Senator from Illinois not only
referred to the case alluded to by (he Senator from
Mississippi, but he stated that he had been a quar-
ter of a century in the West; he had voted for
these improvements; he knew them; and his judg-
ment upon all of them was what I have stated. I
recollect his remarks well. That was one of the
cases he cited.
Mr. DAVIS. . I read his remarks, and he was
so unfortunate, I thought, as to cite a case where
the facts did not sustain him. Ofcourfo, all the
cases which were outside of that, and which were
generally stated, it was not in the power of any
one to answer.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not attempt to answer
them. I was citing his declaration as coming from
a defender of this system. I leave the point to
the Senator from Mississippi and the Senator from
Illinois to settle between themselves. I state it as
the argument of a Senator on this floor, and the
recoid sustains me in it. *
I say then, this work ought not to be done by
the Government, because it is worse done, and
more expensively done, than by individuals. Tt
ought not to be done, because it takes the money
of all the people of the United States, and appro-
priates it to local improvements. On all points,
constitutionality, expediency, and justice, this
system ought to be opposed, and it is supported
