1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
tion or rejection to the vote of the people, under such just
and reasonable qualifications as they may prescribe."
But it is argued and insisted that the Kansas
and Nebraska act requires the constitution to be
submitted to the people. It is difficult to perceive
in what part of this act that doctrine is be found.
Mr. Walker sums up his doctrine in his letter of
resignation, as follows:
" Itwifl he perceived that this doctrine, thati sovereignty
makes constitutions,' that * sovereignty rests exclusively
with the people of each State,' that' sovereignty cannot be
delegated,'that 'it is inalienable, indivisible,' 'a unit in-
capable of partition,' are doctrines ever regarded by me as
fundamental principles of public liberty and of the Federal
Constitution!"
I very much incline to the opinion that the Gov-
ernor expresses the true doctrine. I can cheer-
fully agree with him that sovereignty is " a unit
incapable of partition.n But, with concurrence
in this sentiment or principle, how different our
conclusions. He denies to this " unit" the right
to deputize power; and in so doing, shows that
"sovereignty" does not exist. I contcnd that
this " unit" has all power—can do by another
what it can do by itself—and so is " sovereignty."
What is sovereignty ? It is uncontrollable power.
And yet Governor Walker denies the right to
" sovereignty" to delegate its power. In Athens,
the people, thirty thousand voters, met and ex-
ercised sovereignty. It was a pure democracy;
that is impossible with us. Neither in the States
nor in the federation formed by them, is that pos-
sible. Representation is therefore a necessity,
without which our institutions could not last a
minute. Hence, the system of delegated power
is as familiar to the public mind as household
words. It prevails in every form of government
known to the people. Nor is u true that a sov-
ereign delegating power thereby paits with sov-
ereignty. It is not the lessens Irecause he allows
to another the privilege or the duty of using it;
for the sovereign can discharge his agent and re-
sume the power with which he had intrusted him.
The delegates who framed the Federal Consti-
tution were electcd by the Legislatures of the
several States, not by the people; the Constitution
was adopted by conventions of the several States,
not by the people. The fifth article of the Consti-
tution provides for its amendment by a conven-
tion, the acts of which are to be ratified by the
Legislatures or the conventions of three fourths
of the States, as Congress may prescribe, but not
by the people; and yet the preamble to the Consti-
tution proclaims it the work of the people. It
says:
" We, the people of the United States'' * * * *
"do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United
* Stales of America."
Yet this language i^usetl in the face of the facts
stated, upon the well-known principle that what
a man does by another, he docs by himself—qui
facit per alium,facit per ye.
Let us look to the States, ns divided by the Rev-
olution. And first of the old States. There have
been four constitutions in New York: the first
two, that of 1776 and that of 1801, were adopted
by the conventions; the other two, that of 1827 and
that of ]84tf, were formed by conventions, sub-
mitted to and ratified by the people, because so
jequired by law. In Pennsylvania, hci only two
constitutions were framed and adopted by con-
ventions, and the latter is to this day in force, ex-
cept in certain amendments that have been adopt-
ed by the vote of her people. Tho constitution
of Rhode Island was the charter of a King, and
it took rebellion and insurrection to induce that
State to change her organic law. The Virginia
Legislature resolved itself into a convention, on
the 25th of June, 1776, and on the 29 th of the same
had framed and proclaimed, without popular in-
tervention of any sort, her first constitution, under
which, without any change whatever, her people
enjoyed all the blessings of liberty for upwards
of half a century.
Now to the new States; and I regard those as
such which were admitted into the Union subse-
quent to the Revolution. The constitution of
Vermont was t( ordained" without submission to
the people. This State is the birthplace of Sen-
ator Douglas. Illinois did not submit her con-
stitution to the people. Tins is the State of the
Senatoi \s adoption. The constitution of Missouri
was not adopted by the people. Without further
enumeration, it will be sufficient to state that a
majority of all the States of our Union have, at
some time, lived under constitutions framed and
adopted by conventions, and without any test by
the suffrage of the people. And yet they are not
less the government of the people.
There is, then, nothing in the law, nothing in
the precedents, which requires that the Lecomp-
ton constitution should be submitted to the peo-
ple; and abundance of both law and precedent
which left the whole question of submission to
the people, in the discretion of the convention.
The pledges of Calhoun and associates, when
candidates for the convention, were obviously de-
signed, like the appeals of Governor Walker, to
influence the free-State men to join m the conven-
tion movement; but it utterly failed. They are
content. And it is no little assurance on the part
of the free-State men to complain of the violated
promises of those whose persons they reviled, in
whose elections they did not share, and whose
work theyintended,if possible, to destroy. Then
why submit the constitution ? They did their best
to enforce their own constitution; they refused to
participate in the vote upon a convention; they
; refused to participate in the election of delegates;
; they proclaimed bitter hostility to the Locompton
1 constitution; and it became an interesting ques-
tion with the law-and-order party how their work
could be saved from the effects of factious oppo-
sition, &c.
Governor Walker, among many other similar
things, says:
•! Tho spiritof insurrection, of rebistanee to the laws, and
to the territorial government, still pervades Kansa-, and
manifests itself in their newspapers, in violent harangues,
in the enrollment and drilling of their troop-, .mil in open
j threats for the use of the insurgent forces at the Oetobfi
! election. Menaces, indeed, have been made in the most
[ public manner, to drive the constitutional convention by
| lorce, m September next, from Lecomptoii."''
! Governor Stanton says, in his message of the
j 8th December:
i " 1 ascertained that designs of a most desperate charac
' ter were freely diseased in then puvaie meetings, and that
| violent measures h.ul probably been agteod upon to be ox-
[ ecuted at a iavoiable tune. U was to me certain that the
mass of the people were determined not to submit to the >
constitution, noi participate in the election, butprobably !
pievcnt its taking place. A Luge military foiee would
have been necessary everywhere to enforce order."
*• It thus appears that m the election of the 15th June
Ia«t, for delegates to the convention, the gieat mas? of the
people puipoM'Iy lefiained Irom votine, and left the whole
pioceedum, with all its important consequence?, to the ac-
tive minority, under whosp auspices the law had been en-
acted, and also executed, so far as that could be done by
the executive officers, without tlie eoncunenee of the ma-
jority of the people."
Are these the people to whom to make conces-
! sions?
| But, Mr. Chairman, a great outcry was raised
! about the manner in which tho registry or census
; was taken. 1 have sufficiently shown that the
I law itself was unexceptionable—indeed it was a
[-substantial copy of the Toombs bill, which Mr.
; Hale pronounced almost perfect. After provid-
ing in the first section that the sherilTshall proceed
to take the census, the second section provides;
"In case of any vacancy m the olfiee o'Mieritf, the dunes
imposed on Mich <heiitTby tin-? act&hall devolve upon, and
be perfoi ined by, the judge nf the piobate omul of the county
m which -uch vacancy may e\i-t, who may appoint depu-
ties. not to exceed one in each municipal township; and m
case the olFice ot both shfiiff and probate judge in any
county shall be oi become vacant, the Governor f*hall ap-
point some competent re-nicnt of such county to perform
such duty, who shall have ihe same right to appoint depu-
ties, take and subs'.itbe the same oath, and pertorm all the
requirements of the? act. as applied to sheriffs.
<• Src 4. It shall be, and is hereby, made the duty of each
probate judge, upon such returns being made, without de-
lay, to causc to lie ported at tlueeof the most public places
in caeh election piecmet m his county ot district one copy
of such list ot qualified voteis, to the end that every inhabit
ant may inspect tho ^une, and apply to s<ud piobate judge
to correct anv euoi he may rind thciem, in the maunei
hereafter presenbed.
k-'f?hc. fi. fcSaid piobate judge shall icmain m scs-don each
dav, Fundavc excepted, from the time of lecoiving mid ie-
fuwis until trie i'n<i dav of May next, at such place-, as shall
be most convenient to the inhabitants of the count) or elec-
tion district, and proeeod to inspection of =-aid letuin*, and
heai. cot rect, and finally determine accoidmg to tho fact*-,
without unreasonable delay, all questions concerning the
ouiHMon of any person fiom said return*, or the impiopcr
insertion of anv name on said returns, and any other ques-
tions aifectingthe nitegiity or fidelity of said icturns, and
for tin*, puipose shall have power to administer oaths and
examine uanises. and compel their attendance in such
manner as said judge shall deem uecessaiy.*"
It is difficult to conceive anything more fair
and unexceptionable.
Ti'ie census being taken and corrected, it is pro-
vided by the seventh section of said law as fol-
lows:
"Tt shall be the duty of the Governor and Secretarv of
the Territory, so goon as the census shall be completed "and
returns made, to proceed to make an apportionment rtf the
members for the convention," &c.
I have thus shown that the law was ample and
carefully framed. Butit was said that the registry
was imperfectly taken. Let us see whose is the
fault. Mr. Stanton says, in reply to complaint
upon the subject:
" It is not my purpose to reply to your statement of facts;
I cannot do so fiom any personal knowledge enabling me
either to admit or deny them I may say, however, i have
heard statements quite as authentic as your own, and in
some instances from members of your own party, [Repub-
lican,] to the effect that youi political friends have very
generally—indeed, almost universally—refused to partici-
pate m the pending proceedings for registering th£ name5' of
the legal voters. In some instances they have given ficti-
tious names, and m numerous others they refused to give
any names at all. You cannot deny that your -party have
heretofore resolved not to take part in the legistration, and
it appears to me that, without indulging ungeneroiu- suspi-
cions of the integnty ofoffieeis. you misrht well attribute any
errors and omissions of the slieiilfs to'the existence of this
well known and controlling tact."
In his message of the 8th December, 1857, he
says:
" In consequence of this embittered fueling, and the mu-
tual distrust naturally thereby engendered, one of the pin-
tics, con&titutmg a large majonty of the people, lefiained
almost entirely trom any paitieiprmon in the proceedings
instituted under the law afoiesaid. The cciou.-. therein
provided for was imperfectly obtained f-om an unwilling
people in nineteen counties of the IVintory ; while in the
remaining counties, being also nineteen in liumbei, from
vanou< caus-es no attempt was made to comply with tho
law. In some instances, people aim officers were alike
averse to the proceeding; in others, the officers neglected
oi iefused to act; and in some there wa- but a small pop-
ulation, and no efficient oigamzation. enabling the people
to seruie a representation m the convention. Under the op-
eiation of all these causes combined, a census list was ob-
tained of only nine thousand two hundred and fifty-one
legal voters, confined to precisely one half tiie counties of
t!ie Tei.itory, though these, undoubtedly, contained much
tiie larger part of the population.
In Ins New York speech, he said in reply to
complaints about the legistry:
I said to them, gentlemen, you might have gone to the
piobate judges and had those names put on the hsN. But
they said it was not their duty to «.'<> ; it was the dutv of the
officers to register then names. Now, it is useless for any
of us to disguise the truth. The great mas.; of the fiee skate
people did not care a tig whether their names were regis-
tered or not; they were opposed to the convention; they
weie opposed to all the lavv& and all the proceedings under
it.-1'
But it is charged that about one half of the coun-
ties were without a census or a registry, and that
it would be a great wrong to put a constitution on
a people who had no share, and could have had no
share, in its formation. This is strongly put, and
is, in effect, answered by what 1 have just said.
But I will examine into the subject still further.
The territorial low laying outtiie Territory into
countics, names three—Washington, Clay, and
Dickinson—which lie in the extreme western por-
tion of the Territory, and. being without inhabit-
ants, were unorganized. The law, therefore, pro-
viding for the election of delegates did not name
them. Of the thirty-four counties remaining, the
registry and return was made, as appears by the
proclamation of Governor Stanton as follows:
Xo.of No. of
dibit let JSTamc$ of counties. legal voter').
1 Doninhan  1,033
0 Drown  2.13
Nemeh.;      J-W
3 AtciitbOi*   80-1
4 Leavenwotth  1.837
.r> Jettersi.ni    55.>
6 Calhoun    201
7 Marshall  £0!
8 Kiley  353
Pottawatomie  235
9 Johnson  493
10 Douglas  1,318
II Shawnee, Riehaidson, and Davis  ^3
1^ Lvkingf     413
13 Franklin no return
1 [ Four counties no return
Jo Two counties no return
H T.ynn    *113
17 One eountv. (Audei son) ....no retain
18 Bouihon, McGee, Allen, and Dom.... 6H
19 Five counties no letum
9,251
By the seventh section of the election law, it
is made the duty of the Governor to form these
counties into election districts, and to assign to
each district its share of representation. This
duty was performed by Governor Stanton, as ap-
pears by his proclamation dated 20th May, 1857.
