202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
of that Republic, by the popular vote, is William
Walker. I assert that without fear of contra-
diction. The only legitimately elected President
of that country is William Walker. He would,
in my judgment, have been there to-day as securc
in his place, and in the affections of the people,
as our Chief Magistrate is here, if it had not been
for the illegal, unconstitutional conduct of Com-
mander Davis. Without the authority of taw,
Commander Davis compelled him to surrender.
Gentlemen say that ho was rescued. Walker
never gave up the Granada, his own flag-ship, until
the United States guns were leveled at her. To-
day, but for the interposition of the officers of this
Government, Walker would have been, in my
judgment, as secure in the affections of the peo-
ple there as our President is in ours.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The gentleman will
have no objection, 1 presume, to a resolution for
sending Walker back, and allowing him to test
the affections of the people of Nicaragua. I will
vote for that.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Certainly not.
I want him sent back, and I stated so in the be-
ginning; but it is what the Government, I am
afraid, does not intend to do. It was to prevent
this that Commander Davis, last spring, arrested
him and brought him to this country; and it was
to prevent this that Commodore Paulding has
repeated a similar outrage. No, sir. He is first
arrested, shorn of his arms, sent to this country,
and turned loose, charged as being an offender
against our country, and never tried. Can mock-
ery upon outrage be more monstrous?
I said then, and 1 take occasion to repeat, that
the act of Commodore Paulding was robbery and
kidnapping. This some gentlemen expressed their
regret at having heard. What is robbery ? Web-
ster, in his dictionary, among other-definitions,
says it is " to take by violence and oppression,"
Did not Commodore Paulding take Walker by
violence and oppression? " To strip unlawfully."
Did not Paulding strip him of his arms and his
property, and send him to this country ? Was it
not done unlawfully? The President of the Uni-
ted States said, just as I said before I thought he
would, that it was unlawfully done. " Unlaw-
fully stripped." By the definition of your gieat
lexicographer, and by the definition of every man,
if he was unlawfully stripped, then it was rob-
bery. And I say that restitution should bo made.
Send him back just as you found him, with all
his men, with all his arms, and with all his pro-
visions. That is all I ask you to do. It is all
William Walker asks this countsy to do, and he
will show this country whether ho has the affec-
tions of the people there or not. Sir, for shame's
sake, I ask this American Congress not to come
here and assert the principle that Walker hascom-
mitted a violation of our laws, and that he was
rescued out of mercy. He feels no obligations
for any such mercy. Just as the East Indians said
when Hastings offered them tho mercy of the
British forces, " save us from such friends." 1
presume Walker would repeat the same. He
wants none of your mercy.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire not to inter-
rupt the gentleman, but 1 wish to know if he de-
fines this to be robbery?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have defined
it to be robbery.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I should like the gen-
tleman to tell me if robbery must not be com-
mitted with felonious intent, and whether this act
<vas committed with felonious intent?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What thegen-
cleman states is, in one sense, robbery. It is legal
robbery. I did not say legal robbery, I said
robbery.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Whatkind of robbery?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Robbery is the
unlawful stripping of another. That is robbery;
"and all the medals that you may grant to Com-
modore Paulding, if melted and spread out to their
Utmost capacity, will not make a coating large
enough and broad enough to hide the enormity of
the deed. The spot will stand there as a stain
upon the national escutcheon, unless it be wiped
out by that restitution which alone can redress the
wrong. You may say "out," butitwiil not out.
What says Webster is kidnapping? He says,
among other definitions, it is " to forcibly carry
away any person whatsoever from his own coun-
try or State,into another." Did not Commodore
Paulding do that? Walker was legally natural-
ized; he was the legally elected President of Nica-
ragua. That is his country. He has been seized
and forcibly carried away, and brought into this
country. That, by the definition which i have
quoted, is kidnapping. You cannot wipe that out.
You have got to justify it as being legally done.
The President of the United States says it was
illegally done.
But I must hasten on. Upon the subject of
the law of nations touching the duties of one na-
tion towards another m the restraint of its citi-
zens or subjects, la their conduct towards others,
i aflinn that it ism no way the duty of any nation
to prevent the migration of its people to the other,
even if they migrate with the view of joining the
enemies of that nation. In other words, it is not
the duty of this country, by the law of nations,
to prevent its citizens from quitting this country
with a view of taking sides in foreign wars, if,
in quitting, they renounce their allegiance to this
country. This whole doctrine is ably and lucidly
set forth in Mr. Webster's letter to M. de Bocan-
egra, which I have before me. Mr. Bocanegra
first addressed Mr. Webster when Secretary of
State, on the 12th of May, 1842, upon the subject
of the violation ofoui neutrality towards Mexico,
by what he called invasion, from the United States.
I read part of what he said, m which he sets forth
his complaint:
u The Mexican Government entertained so high an opin-
ion of the foiee oi' the Government of the United {States,
and of its power to restrain those, ih subjects, fiom violat-
ing the religious faith of treaties solemnly concluded be-
tween it and other nations, and from committing hostilities
against such nations in time of peace, that it cannot easily
comprehend how those pcir-ons hav\) been able io evade the
punishment decreed against them by the laws of the United
States themselves!, and to obtain that quiet impunity winch
incessantly encouiages them lo continue their attacks. It is
well woithy of retnaik, that no sooner doe* the Mexican
Government, in the exeieise of its rights which it cannot and
does not desne to letiounce, prepaie means to recover pos-
<o>5ion-Mini!|)cd from it, than the whole population ol the
United States, especially m the s,outh<\'n States, is in com-
motion ; and, in tfie most public manner, a laiee portion of
them H turned upon Texas, in older to prevent the rebels
fiom being subjected by the Mexican aims, and biought
back to ptoper obedience.
u Could ptoceedmg-* more hostile on the part of the Uni-
ted States have taken place had that countiy been at war
with the Mexican Republic ? Could the in^ui^cnts of Texas
have obtained a cooperation moi e elective or more favo; able
to their intoiests;' Ceitauilv not. The civilized woi Id looks
on with amazement, and the Mexican Government is lilted
with unspeakable regret, as it did hope and had a ught to
hope, that, hvmjr in peace with the United Htatcs, yom
Government, would pu-scive ourtcmtoi) fiom the invasions
oi your ov.n suhJ^>cl^.,,
In a previous part of the same letter he says:
! l i-, howev ci, notorious that the m-nt^ent coloiii-l?> of
that mtejiiMl p-irt of the ter. ilory of the Mexican Uepnhlic
would have been unable to maintain then-prolonged lebel-
lion without ihe aid and the eilicieni sympathies of citi/ens
of the United ^tate<7 who have publicly laised foiee-. in
their cities and towns; have fitted out voxels m then pons
and ladened them with munitions of war, and havemaiched
to commit hostilities •t£,un-f. a fueudly nation under the
eyes ami with the knowledge of the authoimes, to whom
are intrusted the fulfillment of the law."
To this, Mr. Webster replied as follows, on the
8th of July, ]84ii:
u The tevolution m Texas and the events connectcd with
it, and spnnmng out of it,ai'e Mr. De liOcanegtaN pnncjpal
topic4*; and it i« ui lei.irion to the^-e that his. complaint is
founded. His Government, ho &aj s iiatteis itsell thai the
Government of the United States ha-= not promoted the m-
puiieotum m Texas lavoied the umiination oi'jts terutoiy,
or supplied the jobels with ve^oN, ammunition, and money.
U Mi.de Bocanegra intend* tins asafiank adnn-Mon of the
bono* and cautions neutrality of the Government of the
United States m the content between Mcxico and Texas,
ho does that Government ui^tiee. and no more than justice;
but if the language be intended to intimate mi opposite and
a teproiiohfui meamn<r, that moaning is only the more of-
fensive tor being insinuated ratliei than distinctly avowed."
Again:
_ u in the event* lead in*? to the actual result of these hos-
tilities, the United States had noa^mey,and took no prut.
Its Government had, hom the fnsr, ab>taiued fiom giving
aid or succor to cubei p.uty. It knew us neutral obliga-
tions, and funly endeavored to fulfill them ail A *
Mr. Do Bocunegia's complaint is twofold. First, that
citizens, of the Umied States have supplied the rebels m
Teva* with ammunition, aims, vc-sels, money, and leciuits;
have publicly KUsed forces in their cities, ami fitted out
vessels ui their poits loaded them with munitions of war,
antl matched to commit hostilitiesapamst a fnendly nation,
under the eye. and with a know ledse. oi the public author-
ities. In all tins, Mr. De Iiocanegra appear to totget that,
while the Unucd state* are ai pe.tcewirh Meuco, tlieyaie
■ aUo at p-.-ace with 'i'cxa-*; th it both fciaiido-i the same ioot-
I nig of tiicrulk nations; that smce the United States
( have regarded Texa-- as an independent sovereignly, as
■ much as Mexico, and that tiade and commerce with citi-
zens of a Govci nmcnt at war with Mexico cannot, on that
account, be regarded as an mteieoui&e by which assistance
and succor aie given to Mexican rebels," * * *
"Acknowledging Texas to be an independentnationahs
Government of the United States, of course, allows and
encourages lawful trade and comineicc between the two
countries. If articles contraband of war be found mingled
with this commerce, while Mexico and Texas aie belligerent
States, Mexico has the right to intercept the ttansit ot such
articles to her enemy. This is the common right of all bel-
ligerents, and belongs to Mexico m the same extent as to
other nations. But Mr. De Boeanegia i-: quite well aware
that it irf not the practice of nations to undei tr.ke to piolubit
their own subjects, by previous laws, from tiatficmg in
articles contraband of war. Such trade is cauied on at the
risk of-those engaged in it, under the liabilities and penalties
piescnbed by the law of nations, or by pattieular treaties. ^
If it be true, therefore, that citizens of the United Statea"> -
have been engaged in a commeice by which Texas, aa
enemy of Mexico, has been supplied with aims and muni-
tions of war, the Government of the United States, never-
theless. was not bound to prevent it, couid not have pre-
vented it, without a mamlest departure Irom the principles
of neutiality, and is in no way answerable for the conse- ,$-
quonces." x * * A * * * *"
" There can be no doubt, at all that, for the last six years,
the tiade in articles contraband of war between tiie United
States and Mexico, has been gteater than between the Uni-
ted States and Texas. It is piobably greater at this moment.
Why has not Texas a right to complain of this? Foi no rea-
son, certainly, but becausc the pei mission to tiade, or the
actual trading, by the citizens ofa Government, m articles
contraband of war, is not a breach of neutrality."
-****** + * + *
"The second pan of Mi. De Bocanegra's complaint ia
thus stated : ' No sooner does the Mexican Government, in
the exercise of its rights, which it cannot and does not desire
to renounce, prepaie means to recover a possession usurped
fiom it, than the whole population of the United State?,
especially m the southern States, is in commotion; and, in
the most public niannei, a large portion of them is directed
upon Texas.'
u And how does Mr. De Poeanegra suppose that the Gov-
ernment of the United States can prevent, or is bound to
undertake to prevent, the people fiom thus comg to Texas?
This is emigration—the same emigration, though not under
the same circumstances, which Mexico invited to Texas be-
fore i he revolution. These petsons, so far as is known to the
Government of the United States, icpair to Texas, not as
citizens of the United States, but as ceasing to be such cit-
izens, and as changing at the same time, then allegiance and
then domicile. Should they return, after having entered into
the service of a foreign State, still claiming to be eii.zens of
the United States, it will be foi the authorities of the United
States Government to determine how I'ar they have violated
the municipal laws of the country, and what penalties they
have incurred. The Government of the United States does
not maintain, and nevei hasmamtaincd, the doctrine ot the
peipetuity of national allegiance; and surely Mexico main-
tains no such doctnnc, because her actually existing Gov-
ernment, like that of the United States, is tounded on the
principle that men may throw off the obligations of that alle-
giance to which they are born. The Government of the
'United State* fiom it-- origin has maintained legal piovi^ons
for the naturalization of such subjects of foreign States as
may choose to come hither, make then home in the country,
and leuounemg their former allegiance, and compljtng with
ceitain stated loqui^itions, to take upon themselves the
chaiaeter of citizens of this Government. Mexico herself,
has laws granting equal facilities to the naturalization of for-
eigners. On the other hand, the United Slates have not
pa«-ed anv law restraining their own citizens, native or nat-
uralized,fiom leaving the countiy, and forming political re-
Luions elsewhete. Nor do other Governments, m modern ■
tune6;, attempt any such thins- It is true that there aie Gov-
ernments which assei t the pnnciple of perpetual allegiance;
yet, even in ca^s where this is not lather a matter of theory
than piactxee, the duties of this t-uppo^ed continuing alle-
giance aie left to be demanded of the subject himself, when
withi ri the rcach of the powei of his foimcr Government, and
as exigencies may aiise.and aie not attempted to be enfoiced
bvthe imposition ofpievious restiamt, pievcntmg men fiom
leaving their count!}-."
Again:
"The chief Executive Magistrate, as well as function-
aties tn eveiy other'&epaitment, is restrained and gui.ted
by the Constitution and the law* of the land. Neither the
Constitution, nor the law of the land, nor pi maples known
to the usajree of modern States, authorize him to mteidict
lawful trade between the United State? and Texa', ot to
picvent, or attempt to pievcnf, individuals fiom leaving the
United States for Texas, oi any other foieijrn countiy.
[f such individuals entei the service of Texas, or any
other foreign State, the Government of the United Stares
no longer holds over them the shield of its protection. They
must stand or fall in their newly-assumed chaiactei, and
according to the foi tunes winch may betide it."
Sir, who said that? Daniel Webster, who was
a1? learned in the law, State, constitutional and na-
tional, as any man that ever lived upon the face of
the earth. He was known, sir, as the Great Con-
stitutional Expounder. I am not here to defend
all the opinions he ever uttered; but I believe that
he was quite Federal enough in all his construc-
tions. He was a man whose massive intellect, like
a huge lens, gathering every passing ray of light,
brought the whole to a focal point of intense clear-
ness and brightness upon every subject to which
it was directed. Every question to which his at-
tention was directed never passed from his hands
without being thoroughly explained and made
perfectly clear to any intellect. That is what he
says; that neither Congress nor the President has
a right to prevent, orattcmpt to prevent, citizens
from migrating from this country, even with a
