1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2403
for the sole reason that particular localities desire
other people's money to make improvements to
benefit themselves.
Mr. CLAY. I do not propose to enter into the
discussion of these incidental questions of con-
stitutional law and political economy which have
been raised by the Senators from Mississippi and
Georgia; but I wish before the vote is taken upon
this bill to advertise the country of two facts
which have not been much adverted to—one of
which, in fact, has not been alluded to. One is
that by the testimony of the advocates of the sys-
tem, and the especial advocate of this particular
appropriation, the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] this work is an interminable one, and
in the next place, that it is a wholly useless one.
I quoted from memory the otherday, the remarks
of the Senator from Illinois, as to the fact that
this appropriation must be annual in order to be
efficient; that the currents of the lake would de-
stroy annually the improvements that were made,
in a greater or less degree, and hence they must
be continued forever. I wish it understood that
tins is a Sisyphean labor; that we must continue
from year to year to make appropriations for the
improvement of this harbor if we intend to pre-
serve it; and as to perfecting or completing1 it,
that i^all a delusion. The Senator fiom Illinois
does not contend that it can ever be completed;
but, if what he alleged when this proposition was
before the Senate in a different form, proposing a
larger appropriation, some two years since, be
true, this appropriation is wholly useless. At that
time we proposed to appropriate $50,000. The
sum asked by the topographical engineers who
surveyed the work, was $130,000- The Senator
from Illinois moved to amend the bill at that
time by striking out $50,000, and inserting the
amount estimated by the engineer, $138,516, and
he said:
Fiom this estimate and repoit it appears that, for the
completion of the Chicago harbor, accoidnigtothe opinion
of the engineer corp?, $*13S,516 68 is the sum lequned.
Now, when your engineers give an estimate for a specific
woik, it is very bad economy to appropriate half what is
necessary, for it will cost you twice as much to pertonn the
&.eivjce in that way as by appropriating at once what is ic-
quned. You must expend the same amount in muehirieiy,
m tabor, in superintendence, and in everything that consti-
tutes the extras of the woik, under a small appropuatiou as
under a large one; and it is the cheapest to appropriate at
once the sum that yourequue, or el.-e make no applana-
tion at all * * * * h * *
<• I can only say, that if it is proposed to make appropu-
ations for the improvement of harbois,economj requut^us
to make appiopnations to the extent that is nece^saiy, in
Older to obtain the gieatest amount of benefit in the con-
struction of the woik*." *■>*-*
'•It seems that when the estimate came, it was for
$133,000 ; and the committee indot -edit. Then should you
put the appiopiiation at §50,000. without any assuiariee that
the money will not give out before the woik is in such a
state of toiwardness as to protect it agamj-t t-torm^ r W hen
the storms come, your $50,000 may be a total loss. True
economy is to give whatever is necessary at once, and let
the woik. be finished."
The testimony of the Senator, who resides there,
and who speaks, I suppose, from ocular observa-
tion and experience, is, that unless you made the
entire appropriation of$l 38,000, (the sum required
two years ago by the engineers,) you mignt as
well throw into the river the $80>000 now pro- ;
posed to beexpended. Itissomuchmoneythiown j
away; and he says you must appropriate all in ]
order to secure the work, or none at all. By his .
own testimony, it is better that we should make
no appropriation unless we appropriate the en-
tire sum required by the engineers. I do not doubt
that he is correct. I know that he is sustained
by the testimony of the topographical engineers;
for time and again they have said to me—and I
think I can find even m some of their reports—
that one reason why they have, come so otten for
these appropriations, and why the sum has been
annually increasing fiom year to year, is that
Congress will not appropriate all they require at
one time.
Mr. POLK. I wish to aSk the Senator a ques-
tion: whether the amount that is named in the bill
is less than the engineers state to be necessary,
or whether it is the exact sum ?
' Mr. CLAY. I will state to the Senator that the
sum they asked to complete the improvement of
the harbor two years ago was $138,000. At this
time, in reply to a letter addressed by me as chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce to the War
Department, asking what sums were necessary m
order to preserve the works and to pievent then-
decay and destruction, they responded $80,000;
and the bill proposes to give $80,000. But then
I show, by the testimony of the Senatorfrom Illi-
nois and the testimony of the engineers them-
selves, that it is an injudicious appropriation.
They say it is useless to make the appropriation
unless we give all they demand.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Alabama
is under a misapprehension in regard to the state-
ment of facts to which his remarks apply now, ill
the comparison between the present appropriation
and the one proposed two years ago. That ap-
propriation was for the extension of the pier
further into the lake, as an addition to the harbor,
and it was estimated that it would require so much
money to extend and enlarge it. The necessity
for that extension arises from this fact; there is a
current in Lake Michigan from the north to the
south, sweeping along the shore, freighted with
sands, and it gathers them on the shore, carrying
them southward. Hence when you make a pier
into the lake obstructing the current, the sandas
it strikes the pier deposits and keeps forming
land on the north side of the pier; and as the water
deposits the sand there the current washes away
on the south side. That process has formed over
one hundred acres of land on the north side of the
Chicago pier by this regularaccretion, and as that
forms until it gets further and further into the lake,
it will sweep around the point at the end of the
pier, and then fill up the channel of the river.
Then it is necessary to elongate that pier further;
but after a while land begins to form at the end
of the pier, and sand floats around and closes
the harbor again. The process of the elonga-
tion of the pier from time to time to avoid this j
accumulation has gone on from the beginning 1
of the harbor, and in my opinion will have to
go on in all time to come. That is my impies-
sion.
The appropriation proposed two years ago was
to elongate the pier further into the lake. I said
it was useless to begin a pier unless you finished
it; because, unless you closed it and made the
abutment across the end and fastened it, the first ,
storm that came would take it away. For this '
reason you must go on and complete your pier,
and make it firm as far as you go. It was on the
bill for the elongation of the pier that I made the
remarks of which the gentleman from Alabama
speaks. # i
This year, as I understand, in consideration of j
the deficit in the Treasury and the necessity of
resorting to loans, growing out of the extraordi-
nary embarrassment and pressure of the times,
the Committee on Commerce have concluded to
omit appropriations for the enlargement of har-
bors, or for the construction of new works, and
to confine the appropriations to the repairing of
that which has been heretofore done and is going
to decay, to preserve it from destruction. Hence
the appropi lation provided for in this bill applies j
cntiiely to a different object from the one pro- >
posed by the bill two years ago. This is to ap- j
ply to the securing of the old pier. 1 will explain ;
to the Senate that"theold pier was made by cribs \
of wood filled with stone. These wooden cubs ;
have decayed until they are falling to pieces, and ,
the stones are tumbling away and washing into :
the channel,and this isonlyto replace them w.th
sound timber, and to put back the stones that ,
have washed away, and prevent otheis fiom ,
washing off. It is, in other words, a reconstruc-
tion of the wood work and part of the stone
work of the old pier, and not an e^ngation of it
by making a new addition to it. The one is for
repair and preservation, the other was for a con- ,
tinuation of the harbor. Therefore, the rentalks
which I made two years ago on that proposition, i
although they seem to the Senator from Alabama i
to be applicable to the present bill, do not reach 1
this question.
While I am up, I will make a remaik on an-
other point. I stated, on Monday, that my opinion
was, that, in consequence of the action of the
water, this constant current, of which I have
spoken, from the north freighted with sand, depos-
iting it against the north side of the pier, would
require the pier to be elongated, from time to time,
forever. The Senator from Mississippi expresses
the same idea, that it would require, from time to
time, additions into the lake. A very intelligent
citizen of Chicago j one of the oldest set tlei s there,
called on me yesterday, and stated that he had
. heard my remarks, and he thought 1 had fallen
into an error on one point, and I feel it just to
myseif and to him to corrcct that error.
Mr, SEWARD. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois allow me to appeal to him ? There are twenty
of these bills, and certainly each of us might pre-
sent the merits of all our particular claims. They
are all behind this. I think that those who will
vote for this bill for the improvement of Chicago
harbor, are prepared to vote for it, and I am quite
sure that not one more will vote for it if the Sen-
ator shows it ► to be any more just, or right, or
reasonable. I appeal to him, therefore, to let us
take the question. In half an hour we shall be
cut off from the consideration of the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret that the Senator
from New York deemed it to be his duty to in- .
terrupt me, for the reason that I should have been
through in half the time he has occupied, if he
had not done so. I was simply making this cor-
rection. The gentleman to whom I have alluded
stated that the engineer there had discovered a
mode by which he could prevent this accumula-
tion, by a cross pier, for a short distance, in the
form of a breakwater, if that be true, if Captain
Webster, whom the Senator from Mississippi
knows,and Colonel Graham, have made a discov-
ery by which that process of constant accretion
will stop, then my remark, that it will require a
continual appropriation for all time to come, was
erroneous
Mr. DAVIS. You do not understand the pro-
cess.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand it is by making
a breakwater in a semicircular form just off the
end of the pier, which will shoot the water through
without filling up the channel or depositing the
sand there. That is the explanation made to me.
If that be so, they have remedied a great evil which
I was fearful neverwould be remedied; and I make
this correction, so far as it is a correction, in jus-
tice to the subject, in order that I may not mis-
lead the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator from Illinois was
right in August, 1856, he is certainly wrong now.
He then maintained that we must appropriate
$138,000 to complete the harbor, for that was the
language of the bill, and that less than that sum
would be useless. 1 do not think he has shown
any reason to justify his change of opinion to-
day. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on the passage
of this btil.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. DIXON. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from Alabama, Mr. Fitzpatrick.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Florida, Mr.
Yulee, was called out for a short time, and I
agreed to pair oil with him.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas £G, nays i7; as follows:
YRA^-Mp-mh. Alien, Benj.untn, Bigler, Biodcn'ek,
Chandl'-i, CoilaiiM-i, (Jtittendcn, Doohtile, Douglas, Pur-
kee, Fe^-endi'ii, Fool. Fo-rer, If unlin, Ilatlan, Jones,Ken-
nedv, Iviujr. ^"vvanl, Shield-, j-'ninnoi^. Stuart, Thomson
of >"(>w Jet-'"', Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson—*36.
NAVr5—Mi'w.s Mii'ihi. Brown. Clay, Chnuman. Davis,
Hammond, nun-ton, Jiumor. hereon, Johnson of Tennes-
see. Mailed}. Ma-on, Poll:.' Reid, tfhdeh, Toombs, and
Wnp.hr—17. '
So the bill was passed.
harbor of MILWAUKEE.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to tlie ronsideration of the bill (S. No. 342)
making appi opriation^ fur the preservation and
: repair of the piers at the mouth of Milwaukee
i river, YvTl-sconsm.
| The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Vvri;o!e. Et appropriates $28,630 for the
purpose ind'eated in us title. «
Mr. POLK. I should hk^ some Scna^r who
knows what the work is to which this expenditure
is to be appned, to explain it: for I certainly, from
the reports that have be*m laid before tne feenate,
labored under a mistake m regard to Chicago har-
bor. I want to know whether it is to secure a
work that has been in process of construction on
appropriations heretofore made, or whether is it
to build up decays that have taken place m a work
that was made years ago.
Mr SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Missouri will excuse me if I state to him gener-
ally that every one of these bills is based upon
estimates necessary for the preservation of exist-
ing works; not for enlarging, or continuing, or
renewing any of them; but in this particular case,
