1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
view of joining the enemies of a party at peacc
with us. They have a right to abjure their alle-
giance. Mr. Waddy Thompson, our Minister
10 Mexico at that time, in a circular letter, uses
similar language. I cannot read all of it; but he
says, on June 6, 1842:
•• Our own laws upon this «ubjeet, winch embody to the
fullest extent the piineiples of the huv ot nations, only au-
thorize the prevention of aimed and organized expeditious.
It is not permitted, nor i.' it to be expected, that we should
forbid emigiation; 11011< it a violation of the obligations of
neutrality, that the countiy to winch our people choose to
emigrate, happen^ to by <u war with anothci, with which
we are friendly. Tlx1 citizen-- and subject 01 all countnes
have ffone to Texa-< and joined its ai tines. The only differ-
ence h* that a laigei nmnbui ot the people of the United
State? ha?. none to that count) y. Does the number alter the
punrtple? °lf one may go, may not ten? If ten, why not
a hundred, oi a thousand ? The pimciple is the same. An
Ameucan citizen, loi example, io about to embark ftoin
New Oi leans, and be ha  his ufle, bowte-luufe, and pistols.
Have our authorities any power to btop him? If theie are
ten oi a bundled, the case is the same. 1 go further. If
they adnnt they aic going to Texas, and intend to bccome
citizen®, and to join ihe ainnes of that country, it cannot
be prevented. All that could be said to them would be,' if
you go to Texas and become citizen*, \ou have a light to
do so, to change your allegiance, and to di-chaige all the
new duties which such a change of allegiance may exact;
but you ate no longer a citizen of the United States.J If a
regular uulUaiy expedition l- fitted out, then it is not only
out right, but our Inch duty, to prevent it In all the revo-
luuonaty movements of the South Ameuean Republics,
including Mcxieo, huge numbcts ol our people joined the
insuigenta. It has always been so, and always will be."
Again, in the same paper, ho says, in relation
to the charge of citizens of the United States fur-
nishing arms to the Toxans:
" I a«seit that such ttade i* no violation of neutrality;
that it ha> never been so iraided by any ie-pcctable win or
on public law; and that it'is a well-settled pnnct'ile, that
to send aiucJe- eontinb'uid of w.u to <i belligerent, t- no
violation of neuttalu\; flic only [^nalty being the loiteiiuie
Of the unifies Uieiti-elves.'-
On the 13tli July, 1842, Mr. Webster acknowl-
edges the receipt of a copy of this circular, m a
'etier to Mr. Thompson. In that letter, the only
comment lie makes upon the circular is in these
*voids:
" You have not spoken of it (tefcrung to a previous cir
3Ular of Jiooanegia's, complaining oi what he called a vio-
ationof our ueutiahty towaid Mexico) in tenri, toostiong
in youi encular to the inembei? o( the diplomatic coi p
Now, sir, m the opinion of these men, I say
that our law, us it now exists, does not prevent
citizens of the United States, with arms in their
hands, going into any country they please, pro-
vided they do not go ui military organization.
Military expeditions are prevented. Militaryex-
poditions arc known; there is no mistaking them.
Our laws say that they should be prevented, and
I say so too, if it can bo dune within our own
jurisdiction. But 1 say that Gnvial Walker had
a right to go to Nieaiagua. Those one hundred
and fifty men had a light :o go thcie. It was no
military oiganiziUimi.
Some gentleman has said that General Walker
sailed in fraud of our laws. Mr. Chnirman, with
all due respect, I think that was a mistake. Gen-
eral Walkei's expedition was inspected. IIis
ship was inspected. 13c got a regular clearance.
He had a right to it. He went out upon the high
seas with 'just as clear a manifest as any of our
ships sailing the ocean. Mr. Webstei has af-
firmed, as just read, that there is no power in the
President, in the naval oiTieeis, ot in the courts,
under our laws as they weie and ^till exist, to pre-
vent the emigration of our people to other coun-
tries. That is all I affirm. Armed expeditions
should be pi evented.
( repeat, sir, in conclusion, as 1 have got but a
few minutes left, that I am not here against the
neutiality laws, as far as they embody the well-
settled laws of nations. I am for having them
cleatlyand distinctly expressed. Armed expe-
ditions, organized against the law of nations, I
ajn against; but when American citizens see fit to
change their allegiancc, and to go, with rifle and
bowie knife in hand, 1 say that they have o right
to do so. Yes, sir, they have a constitutional
right to bear nrms in this country and to carry
them whuever they see fit to go. _ They cannot
use oursoii on which to organize mili'aiy expedi-
tions. If they do so, stop them. If Walker com-
muted a wrong,let him be tried. If his men vio-
lated the law, let them be tried, but do not add
insult to wiong, mockery to outrage. Do not
commit this great wrong- upon him if he be not
guilty. If you accuse him, try him; and if found
not guilty, redress the wrong as you ought. My
opinion ir, that he is inuocen*; that he has vio-
lated no law. 1 am not here as his eulogi&t. His-
tory will take care of him.
Believing that he has violated no law, but that
the law has been grossly violated against him,
and vindicating, as. I do, the constitutional rights
of every man in our jurisdiction, whether citizen
or not, I say, sir, that if lie be guilty, try htm;
but do not mterfeie with the rights.of any man
upon the bare assumption of his being an offender,
without a trial. His guilt has to be proved and
judicially ascertained before he can be justly as-
sailed as a criminal.
Mr. Chairman, I stated, and repeat now, that
Walker's government in Nicaragua was recog-
nized by this. Mr. Wheeler, our minister, rec-
ognized the Rivas Government, and recognized
Walker as President. The representative of that
Government here was recognized by this Govern-
ment; and this Government did not, sir—and I
want this House to knowit—recognize any other
than the Government under which Walker held
office, until after he sailed on this expedition. We
were at peace with no authority in Nicaragua but
his. Let no man say that! am m favor of violating
national faith; let no man put me in the position
of speaking lightly of the national faith or the na-
tional flag. Gentlemencannotoccupy th&tground:
I stand upon it myself. The stars and stripes,
whenever they wave over a gallant Navy in de-
fense of the rights of our citizens, and in defense
of national law, I shall hail with delight, and be
ready to respond, from the bottom of my heart,
m praise of its chivalrous officers and men.
But, sir, the members of this House have been
unfortunate in alluding to General Jackson, and
to the case of Captain in^iaham. Genctal Jack-
son himself took possession of Florida. He was,
if you please, a grand filibuster himself. That
was illegal. His error was on virtue's side. Ho
erred for the country, and for the people's inter-
ests. Hut it remained to Commander Davis and
Commodore Paulding, for the first time in our
country's history, to bear that gallant Hag, not in
defense of men ot their own blood, of their own
flesh, of their own race, who had changed their
allegiance; but it was the honor of these officers
to bear the flag of their country against the inter-
ests of their country. It is the special honor of
Commodore Paulding to have done what he did
m anticipation of what a British commodore was
about to do. Fie boasts of the deed, and says if
he had not done it the British would have done it.
liis glory, as I understand it, i.s, that he stepped
in and did the British work. When the American
flag is prostituted to perform the work of a British
olliocr, J cannot commend the deecj. Why, sir,
when Davis took this same man, a British cmn-
mander wa-s along-udr. If it is coming to this,
that our Navy m Central America is to do British
work and Bntish bidding, I say it is time they
were called (ionic. It was not such work as this
thai our daring commanders did in the last war,
when they elevated the American Navy to that
height of jilorjr that it has attained, and of which
we may all be justly proud. That was achieved
by fighting the British, and opposing British pol-
icy.
I am for maintaining the same American policy
against British policy that our Navy then main-
tained. I am foi maintaining tin; laws of our
country, and dgamst aggressions of all sorts. I
stand here to-day upon agenerai principle which
involves the rights of American citizens. 1 am
here n^o to defend the American flag, whether
upon land or upon sea, as long as it is borne aloft
m defense of these rights. According to the^e
principles no citizen of the United States, or for-
eigner, within ourjuiisdiction, can be deprived of
his life, of his liberty, or his property, but by the
judgment of his peers and the laws of the laud.
Upon these principles I stand or I fall.
Mr.BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, whenever it shall
be in oider, I shall offer to the House the follow-
ing resolution, which covers the ground that I
propose to discuss:
Resolved, Tnat a select committee, to consist of mem-
ber^, be appointed by the Speaker, with mstiuetioir* to in-
quire into the expediency of providing for the acquisition
of tenitosr euhn m the <Vntral oi fcjouih American States,
to be colonized with colored persons fiomtbe lTiuted States
who aie now free, ot who may heieaftcr become free, and
who may ue willing to settle m >uch teiruoty a* a depend-
ency of the United States, with ample guarantees of their
personal and political rights.
It was remarked by & gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Maynard] the other day, on this floor*
that he had hoped and believed that this Question
would be discussed and disposed of without ref-
erence to the subject of slavery, because, he saiS,
there were no slaves in Central America. The
inquiry was made immediately, by many around
me, " How long will it be before there are slaves
there?" This inquiry shows, what is almost
universally felt to be true, that the slavery ques-
tion is at the bottom of this whole movement.
There is a party in this country who go for the
extension of slavery; and these predatory incur-
sions against our neighbors are the means by
which territory is to be seized, planted with sla-
very, annexed to this Union, and, in combination
with the present slaveholding States, made to
dominate this Government, and the entire conti-
nent; or, failing in the policy of annexation, to
unite with the slave States in a southern slave-
holding Republic. I believe that there are those
who entertain such a purpose. I am opposed to
the whole scheme, and to every part of it; and, in
order to oppose it successfully, I think we should
recur to the plans cherished by the great men who
founded this Republic. I think wc ought to put
it out of the power of any body of men to plant
slavery anywhere on this continent, by taking
immediate steps to give to all of these countries
that require it, and especially to the Central Amer-
ican States, the power to sustain free institution#
under stable governments; and, as one rhethod
of doing this, we might plant those countries with
a class of men who are worse than useless to ifS,
who would prove themselves to be of immense
advantage to those countries, who would attract
the wealth and energy of our best men to aid and
direct them in developing the incredible riches of
those regions, and thus open them to our com-
merce, and the commerce of the whole world. I
refer to our enfranchised slaves, all of that class
who would willingly embrace the offer to form
themselves into a colony under the protection of
our Hag, and the guarantee of the Republic 6f
every personal and political right necessary to
their safety and prosperity.
What I propose is not new; it is bottomed on
the reasoning and recommendation of Mr. Jeffer-
son. Speaking of a proposition, similar in many
respects, urged by him upon the Legislature of
his native State, ne says:
" It was, however, found that the public mind would not
yet boar the proposition, nor will it bear itevenatthisday;
yet the day is not far distant when it must bear it and adopt
it, or worse will follow. Nothing is more certainly written
in the book of fate, than that these people (the negroes) are
to be free ; nor is it less certain that the two races, equally
free, cannot live in the same Government. Nature, habit,
opinion, have drawn indelible lines of distinction between
them. It is still in our power to direct the process of eman-
cipation" and pkportation, and m such slow degree as
tbat the evil will wear off.insensibly, and their place be
pari passu filled up by free white laborers. If, on the con-
trary, it is left to force itself on, human nature must shudder
at the propped held up. We should m vain look for an ex-
ample in the Spanish depoitationor deletion of the Moors."
The time has ripened for the execution of Mr.
Jefferson's plan. By adopting it, we may relieve
ourselves of a people who are a burden to us;
give to them an amount of happiness and comfort
they can never realize here, where they are treated
as a degraded class; reinvigorate the feeble people
of the southern Republics, and open up to the en-
terprise of our merchants the untold wealth of the
intertropical region, containing a greater amount .
of productive land than all the balance of the con-
tinent; put a stop to the African slave trade, which
is created and kept up by the demand for tropical
productions; by supplying that demand by the
labor of the only class of freemen capable of exer-
tion in that climate. I make this proposition to
meet, oppose, and defeat that which seeks by vio-
lence to reestablish slavery, reopen the African
slave trade, subject those regions, in Walker's
own language,{4 to military rule,5 'and exclude from
them the people of the northern States. I shall
discuss and compare these propositions as fully
as the time limited will allow me.
Mr. Randolph, in one of his most celebrated
speeches in the Senate, addressing himself to Mr.
Calhoun, said:
" Sir, I know there are gentlemen, not only from the
southern, but tlie northern States, who think that this
unhappv question—for such it is—of negro slavery, which
the Constitution has vainly attempted to blink by not using
the term, should never be brought into public notice, more
especially into that of Coiigie&s. and most especially here.
Sir, with every due respect for the gentlemen who think so,
1 differ wit^them toto <•**<>. Sir, it is a thing which cannot
