1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
South Carolina threatened to resort to this rem-
edy, she was to be dragooned into submission;
when the boasted land of Pilgrims exerts it, it is
perfectly consistent with law, order, and consti-
tutional obligations.
It is openly proclaimed that they intend, under
no circumstances, to vote for another slave State.
They would crib and confine us to our present
limits, saying to us, " thus far shalt thou go, and
no further;" knowing that ruin must thereby, if
not speedily, yet sooner or later, overtake our
fair land. Growing more insolent of late, they
boldly proclaim that they intend to rule and gov-
ern the South; and thus allow her people none
save a mere nominal participation in the admin-
istration and control of public affairs. Some,
more daring than the rest, openly declare that
their purpose is to destroy the institution of sla-
very and crush out the South, making her a de-
pendent province; her sons " hewers ofwood and
drawers "of water" for northern task-masters.
And this is to be the doom, if their designs are
consummated, not only of the slave owners, but
of all the freemen of the South.
James Watson Webb, who conducts one of the
leading Republican presses at the North, hitherto
claiming to be moderate and conservative, in his
paper of February 20, says:
"If any State should attempt to secede, she will be
whipped into subjection. Should they continue refractory,
the United States would be compelled ultimately to hold
such rcfractory Suites as colonies—just as Spain and other
European powers hold theirslave colonies—until such time
as it might he s^afe to rely upon their obedience."
And again, listen to his fierce bombast. It is
rich. lie says:
" If a southern State should attempt to resist, she will be
made to submit, and bear herself with detoience and icspeet
thereafter to those who arc morally and socially her equals,
and politically and physically her supei and when pro-
voked to demonstrate it, if needs be, her masters
Such is the language now employed by the Black
Republican presses throughout the North—seem-
ing to verify the old adage," whom the gods wish
to destroy they first make mad."
Contrast this insolent bravado with the wisdom
of Edmund Burke:
" Your instructions and your suspending clauses are the
things that hold together the great eontexturc of this mys-
terious whole. These things do not make your Govern-
ment. Dead uistiumcnts. passive tools as they are, it is the
spirit of the English Constitution winch, infused through the
mighty mass, pervades, feeds, umfes, invigorates, vivifies
every part of the entpiie, even down to the minutest mem-
ber. It is the love of the people; it is their attachment to
their Government—from the sense of the deep stake they
have in such a glorious institution—which gives you your
Army and your Navy, and infuses into both that liberal olv-
dienee without which your Armv would be a base labble,
and your Navy nothing but rotten timber."
That gentleman [Mr. Farnsworth] spoke
sneeringly of the republic of Alabama. Let me
tell him that Alabama has not yet dccided upon
her course. She has indulged in no threats; but
by the unanimous voice of her Legislature has
determined, in ease Kansas is rejected, to hold
a convention to determine what her honor, her
safety, and independence may seem to require.
She came into the Union as an equals and her
equality she will never surrender.
Mr. PALMEIl wished to know by what pro-
cess it was proposed that Alabamashould be with-
drawn from the Union.
Mr. MOORE. She has decided, sir, in a con-
tingency which involves the loss of her equality
and honor, to assemble a convention to decide
upon her course. It is not for me to anticipate
that decision, but, if she deem it necessary to dis-
solve a compact, of which it is openly declared
that she shall no longer participate in the advan-
tages, I have no fear that she will not have the
intelligence and unanimity to devise the means of
her long deferred, reluctant, but compelled with-
drawal.
But she still cherishes the hope that her consti-
tutional rights may be respected; that Kansas
may be admitted, and peace and quiet restored to
the country. 1 know the sentiments of her peo-
ple, and especially of those who have honored me
with a seat on this floor. They are a law-abiding
though proud-spirited people, content with the
Constitution and Union which were made and
handed down to them by their fathers—attach-
ment to that Union having been a cherished prin-
cipleoi politicalfaith throughout the South. What
but this caused her people to submit for so many
years to a high protective tariff, by which her in-
dustry was taxed to enrich the North? What
but this caused her to submit to be robbed of her
slaves annually to the value of thousands of dol-
lars? What but this induced her to acquiesce in
those measures by which the North obtained all
of those vast territQries which we acquired from
Mexico by, to say the least, an equal expenditure
of blood and treasure on her part.
I tell these Black Republican leaders, I tell the
North, that they may, when it is too late, exclaim,
as a celebrated English historian did in reviewing
the causes that led to the loss of America to Great
Britain: " What demon of folly got possession of
our councils? What malignant star shed its in-
fluence on our arms? Where were our states-
men?" All we ask is to be let alone; to be permit-
ted to manage our own affairs; to be protected in
the enjoyment of equal rights and equal privileges
with the people of the other States of this Union,
as we'll in the Territories as in the States. Be-
lieving that all the signs around us point to revo-
lution, that the danger of dissolution is imminent,
and ardently desiring to preserve it, if it can be done
consistently with the honor, self-respect, and in-
dependence of the people with whom, for good or
ill, my lot is cast, I should have a serious respons-
ibility to discharge to my constituents if I did not
warn you of tlue Black Republican party on this
floor; and if my humble voice could penetrate
even the furthest extremity of the North, I would
warn her people not to be deceived by those hold,
bad men, who, to gratify their insatiate ambition,
would subvert this Government and deluge this
land in blood. The people of the South see the
dangers that menace them, and they are ready to
meet them as becomes the sons of noble sires.
The sentiment, the conviction of the South, is
that its safety consists in its unity. Seeing how
fiercely we are assailed; that our property, our
equality, and independence are boldly threatened,
we have, day by day, forgetful of past differences,
been drawn more closely together, until the proud
spectacle is now presented to the world of a free,
intelligent people, all united as a band of brothers,
in the unalterable determination to stand or fall
together in defense of their rights. And this I
may say, withoutboasUng, that if the madness of
fanaticism shall at last compel us, in defense of all
we hold most dear, to imitate the example of our
great forefathers, when chains and slavery were
forged for them, we will so act our part that our
future historians will not be ashamed to record
our deeds.
By what standard do they judge us? by what
examples in ourpasthistory, in.thatofthe Anglo-
Saxon race, do they conclude that the South will
tamely submit to occupy, in this Union, the po-
sition of inferiority and degradation to which the
Black Republicans would subject her? We are
the descendants of that sturdy race of patriots
who were willing to expose li their lives, their
fortunes, and their sacred honor," rather than
submit to so much as a tax of threepence per
pound on tea. But you think, perhaps, that we
are degenerated. It did not appear so in the war
of 1812. It did not appear so with that little band
of Texans, who, in defense of their rights and
liberties, bravely dared * to meet the powerful
armies of Mexico. What though we be few in
numbers, we still possess all the elements of
strength to sustain ourselves in peace or in war;
and profane as well as sacred history teaches us
that, the race is not always to the swift, nor the
battle to the strong.
The North is as much, if not more interested
in preserving this Union than are we of the South.
Its destiny is in her hands. She now threatens
to conquer and subdue us if we dare resist her en-
croachments. Remember that the same was done
by Lord North and his minions towards our fore-
fathers. See what that old Tory, Dr. Johnson,
said in an article, "Taxation no Tyranny," writ-
ten about that time:
" When subordinate committees oppose the decrees of the
general Legislature with defiance, thus audacious, and ma-
lignity thus acrimonious, nothing remains but to conquer
or yield; to allow their independence or reduce them by [
foioe." * * * " Tt peems deteimmed by the i
Legislature that force shall be tried. I would wish that the I
rebels may be subdued by terror, rather than by violence ; j
that such a foice may be tiied as might take away not only j
the power but the hope of resistance. Their obstinacy may
perhaps be mollified by turning the soldiers to free quarters,
forbidding any pcisonal cruelty or hurt." * * *
" Since the Americans have'made it necessary to subdue
them, may they be subdued with the least injury possible to
their persons and possessions."
You of the North ridicule the idea of a disso-
lution for any cause. So did then the ministers
of England. You presume upon your strength,
and our supposed weakness. So did they with
the colonies. The tyrants of old England sought
to tax them while they had no voice, no repre-
sentation in Parliament. Our brave forefathers
determined to put all to the hazard rather than
submit even to the smallest tax thus imposed.
The Black Republican party proclaim their de-
termination to rule the South by their overwhelm-
ing sectional majorities. We, it is true, might
have a nominal participation in the legislation of
the country, but would be powerless to protect
ourselves, and the heaviest burdens might, and,
judging by the past, would be imposed upon us.
Would the South submit? Would freemen ever
submit to occupy such a position ?
We do not believe that the North would sub-
mit to this under similar circumstances. We have
the declaration of Mr. Fillmore that they would
not, and his opinion that they ought not. I have
much mistaken the proud spirit of those with
whom Id',veil, if they shall prove themselves more
submissive. Our fathers v/ere loyal to the mother
country—so have we ever proved to this Govern-
ment, discharging all of our constitutional obliga-
tions.
The tyrants whom our fathers then opposed,
sought to excitc insurrection among our slaves—
it is so declared m the Declaration of Independ-
ence. So do these Black Republicans. See what
Dr. Johnson, in the same article from which I
have already quoted, said:
" It has been proposed that the slaves should be set freey
an net which the loveis of libeity surely cannot but com-
mend. With fire-arms for their defense, utensils for hus-
bandly, and settled in some simple form of government,
they may be more grateful and honest than their masters."
Men of the North ! remember, that these words
were applied to your ancestors, as well as to ours!
But again, says the same author:
"We are told llwt the subjection of America may tend to
the diminution of our liberties, an event wlm-h none but
very poi spicacious politicians arc able to foresee, ff slavery
be thus 1'atuilv contagious, how comes it that we hear the
loudest yelps for liberty among the drivers of negroes P'
Our fathers bore long the oppressions of the
mother country. The minions of power fondly
dreamed that, as they had submitted so long,
they would never resist. So think our enemies
now. Says the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] why do not these braggarts put
their tin eats in execution? It is all threat and
gasconade. Sir, we make no threat—it is not our
aim to frighten anybody: nor can you frighten or
deter us from doing our duty.
In times like these, Mr. Chairman, when sec-
tional feeling is so intensely excited, it is impos-
sible to tell what a day may bring forth. And
what does all this portend ? Is it, or not, the bc-
ginning of revolution ? We short-sighted mortals
are not permitted to hfl the vail and see what the
futuie has in store for us. Could we do so now,
it might serve to cheek those who are rushing
headlong upon unseen dangers. If " coming
events cost their shadows before"—if effects still
follow causes—if history, that tells us how other
republics have risen, flourished for a time, and then
passed away; how empires, once hoary with age,
and mightyjn prowess, at last fell—if she teaches
any lessons for our guidance in the story of the
past, then ought not gentlemen to be warned?
Our fatheis met to consult in the first American
Congress in 1774. They separated with no move-
ment made for independence. Again they met,
consulted, and went to their several homes, and
still no serious talk of independence. Biood had
then been shed, too, at Concord,Lexington, and
Bunker Hill. They met again in 1776, deliberated,
and at last determined on that memorable Decla-
ration of Independence. The Abolitionists and
Black Republicans repeat in our ears every day
one passage contained in that instrument, and
affect to believe that it was intended to include the
slaves as well as whites, and therefore sustains
their nefarious purposes. I beg to call their at-
