1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
Prom this it will be seen, that of the thirty-four
organized counties in the Territory, twenty-one
were represented in the contention. Of the thir-
teen counties left, seven counties had scarcely any
population, so small that they did not cast a vote
at the election on the 4th of January, when the
free-State men had everything their own way. Of
the remaining six, at the election of the 4th of Jan-
uary, when the free-State men reported a much
larger vote than ever reported before, the following
is the vote:
Madison 50 votes.
Woodson 40 "
Franklin 304 «
Breckimidge 191 "
Coffee .... 453
Anderson . 177 "
1,215 "
I have sufficiently shown why those counties
were not registered. But I will resort to more
direct and positive testimony as to part of them.
It must not be overlooked that during the whole
period of time up to the 7th of November, 1857,
when the constitution was completed, neither
Governor Walker nor Stanton ever found fault
with the registry, but acted upon it, and urged,
with extraordinary zeal, the formation of a con-
stitution predicated upon that basis, ay, scorn-
fully repelled objections made thereto by the free-
State wen. When, however, that objection was
made by them, and pressed by others, with ef-
fect, the exposition already made became a duty,
to which I will add the positive testimony of one
George Wilson. On the 5th day of February,
1858, he, among other things, "deposed as fol-
lows:
" At the time when the census was taken under the law
providing tor the Lecompton convention I was the acting
judge of probate for Anderson county, Kansas, and am
aware of the fact that the two wings of the free-State party
in that county, composed of more inodeiate Frec-Soilers
and the adherents of Lane, threatened the life of any who
should attempt to take the legal census; and 1 can say,
underoath, that the life of any one making the attempt to
execute tho law in that particular was m danger, and the
foregoing threats were the cause which pi evented the tak-
ing ot the census in Anderson county wnhin the prescribed
time." * * * * * * l< In regard to Pass-
more Williams, judge of probate for Allen county, members
of the so-called free estate party stated to me in person that
it he attempted to execute the law, and did not leave, they
would kill him ; and I know the fact that ho did not so eve-
cute the law, and left the county, because he believed hid
life in danger. Mr. Wilhams is from Illinois*, and is a free-
State man. but belongs to the Democratic party.'
v  In regard to Inquire Yocuin,.iudge ot probate for Frank'
Hn county, he left the county and the Terntoiy on account
of losing his negro pi operty* and having his life menaced.
The office being vacant, the Legislature which passed the
census law appointed anew judge of probate and othei offi-
cers, who reiused to serve, alleging as a reason that they
were afraid so doing would cost them their lives. Conse-
quently, no census was taken, and no legal election held."
Governor Stanton says:
" In the other eighteen counties there was no census and
no registration. 1 think it very piobable, although I do not
know the tact, that in some of these counties the orticets
were deterred and di^couiaged by the people fiom the duty
of taking the census." * * ' * * *
" 1 have no doubt it is true, that the great majoiitv of the
free-State people did not wish to be repiesented, and did not
intend to be represented at all. They determined to hold
off fiom it."
Nor was there any occasion k( to hold off from
it" from any apprehension of Missouri hordes.
Governor Walker, in his letter of the 27th May
to General Cass, says:
"There is no longer any pretext for the suggestion that
any portion ot the people "ot Missoun intend to invade the
ballot-box at any election m Kansas."
Let me say here, also, that Mr. Calhoun wrote
to Judge Douglas, not as a Senator, but as a
friend, stating the plan that was to be pursued, and
asking his advice in reference to it. No answer
to that letter was over received, but the Chicago
Times came out and indorsed the proposed plan.
1 state, as a fact which will not be disputed in any
quarter, that Senator Douglas, not as a Senator,
but as a conspicuous friend of this gentleman,
was written to in the month of September, ask-
ing his advice as to the course to be pursued in
the submission of the constitution, and that he
never responded to thatletter by dissentor affirm-
ation. 1 repeat, the Chicago Times, understood !
to be under his influence, was published, contain- j
ing an article indorsing the suggestions of that ,
letter. I have not time to go into this question as !
I would like; but such are the facts in relation to j
this matter. j
What then, do we see? An overwhelming!
majority of the voters embraced in the registry,
and the omissions in every material particular oc-
casioned by the violence of those who now com-,
plain. In the Senate debate of the 4th March,
Mr. Hammond said:
"Mr. President, in the debate which occurred in the
early part of the last month, 1 understood the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] to say that the question of the le-
ceptionofthe Lecompton constitution was narrowed down
to a single point. That point was, whether that constitu-
tion embodied the will of the people of Kansas. Am I
correct?
" Mr. Douglas. The Senator is correct, with this qualifi-
cation: I could waive the irregularity and agree to the ic-
ception of Kansas into the Union under the Lecompton
constitution, provided f wa,s satisfied that it was the act and
deed of that people, and embodied their will. There ana
other objections; but the others I could overcome, if this
point were disposed of.
"Mr. Hammond. I so understood the Senator. I under-
stood that if he could be satisfied that this constitution em-
bodied the will of the people of Kansas, all other defects
and irregularities could he cured by the act of Congress, and
that he himself would be willing to permit such an act to be
passed."
Away, then, goes the enabling act. Away the
necessity of submitting the constitution. Away
go all questions of fraud. The only question
is, is the Lecompton constitution "the act and
deed of that people, and embodies their will'"
This is a grave question, and presents the real and
substantial point in this discussion. What fact
is it necessary to know? What principle is it re-
quisite to adopt to enable us to know that the con-
stitution of a State {< is the act and deed" of her
people, and embodies " their will?" The lawful
authority of the Territory, at the July session of
1856, passed a law submitting the question of a
convention to the people to lie voted upon at the
ensuing general election in October. The vote
was taken, and the people decided to have a con-
vention. This step was taken in the midst of the
presidential election. The great Democratic party
knew the vote that was cast—knew that one party
held off claiming for itself to be largely in the
majority; and yet they said that all was right and
fairand proper. These are facts—undoubted facts.
In pursuance of the will of the people thus ex-
pressed, the Legislature passed a law providing
for the election of delegates to the convention. It
was vetoed by Governor Geary because it con-
tained no clause submitting the constitution to the
people. It became a law notwithstanding; was
approved by the Federal Executive; by Senator
Douglas; by Governor Walker and Secretary
Stanton. These are facts. The election was held
on the 15th June. The convention assembled —
completed their labors on the 7th November last
by adopting and ratifying the constitution in
question, except the slavery clause, which was
voted on by the people on the 21st December
last. These are facts—every one of them; clear,
undoubted, unmistakable facts. There is no con-
' trolling precedent or establushed principle which
i requires or forbids the submission of the constitu-
; tion to the people for ratification or rejection; but,
j whether ratified by the convention or by the vote
| of the people, it is equally the act of the people,
j and equally authoritative and valid.
j In our community of States, the people are
; known only when they speak at the polls. Any
i other mode of expression is unknown to our in-
| stitutions; and any other mode of expression is
i sternly disregarded or rebuked. It is in this way
; that constitutional government is maintained, pop-
| ular sovereignty preserved, and personal happi-
| ness promoted. On the 10th April, 1856, Mr.
Douglas, in his place m the Senate, said:
; {' I know of but two ways of governing men—but two
■ ways by which men have ever been governed—by la\vs,oi
< by toice. If we give countenance to these people who dis-
regaid the laws, they will, of necessity 3 pla.ee themselves
'ma condition to be subjected to foice only. What .-jinrtion j
, has popular government but obedience to law ? What se- j
I cunty have we for government, if we disregard obediencc j
i to law/ What is the great mem which we claim for our j
Government over the other Governments of the earth r That |
, we are a Government of laws, and oflaws only." \
; Was this doctrine .sound in 1856 ? Js it other- :
' wise now? Subsequent to this, and on the 12th ,
■ June, 1857,at Springfield, Illinois, Mr. Dofglas !
; addressed a large assembly of his countrymen. J
; Having Kansas in view, and in express reference :
' to the steps being taken for a convention and the j
extraordinary condition of things in the Teni- j
j tory, he carefully and deliberately said: j
I " if an) portion of the inhabitants, acting under the ad- i
I vice of political Jeadeis in distant States, shall choose to ;
; absent themselves fiom the polls, and withhold their votes,
with a view of leaving the free-State Democrats m a nu- 1
nority, and thus securing a pro-slavery constitution., m op- '
position to the wishes of a majority of the people living
under if, let the responsibility rest on those who, for partisan
purposes, will sacrifice the principlesthey profess to cherish
ami promote. Upon them and upon the political party for
whose benefit and under the direction of whose leaders they
act, let the blame be visited of fastening upon the-people of
a new State institutions repugnant to their feelings, and In
violation of their wishes."
Here the Senator, so recently as the past sum-
mer, recognizes the doctrine for which I am con-
; tending, and distinctly repudiates his present
majority idea. Recollect that he himself states
the points of this speech. He says:
" The points which I am requested to discuss are:
, " 1st. The present condition and prospects of Kansas.
' "2d. The principles affirmed by the Supreme Courtofthc
t inted States in the Dred t*cott case.
, " 3d. The condition of things m Utah, and the appropriate
remedies for existing evils."
; Governor Walker also says in his inaugural
i address to the people of Kansas, under date of
| th<?27th May, 1857:
| " The law has performed its enure appropriate function
; when it extends to the people the right of suffrage, but it
1 cannot compel the performance of that duty. Throughout
I our whole Union, however, and wherever free government
prevails, those who abstain from the exercise of lite right of
suffrage authorize those who do vote to actfor them in that
contingency, and the absentees are as much bound under
the law and constitution, where theie is no fraud or vio-
lence, by the act of the majority of those who do vote, as
if all had participated in the election. Otherwise, as voting
must be voluntary, self-government would be impractica-
ble, and monarchy or despotism would remain as the only
alternative."
It is difficult to conceive anything more ex-
plicit. This doctrine was officially avowed to the
people of Kansas as a warning and a guide, and
with a hope of inducing them to unite, but with-
out avail, in the formation of a constitution.
But the Cincinnati platform embraces the same
principle; and the great assembly which formed
it declared as follows:
" Resolved, That we recognize the right of the people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and fanly expressed will of a majority
of actual residents, and whenever the number of their in-
habitants justifies it, to form a constitution, with or without
domestic slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon
terms of perfect equality with the other States."
To show how this was understood by Mr.
j Douglas at the meeting held in this city, to re-
joice over the nomination of Mr. Buchanan, lie
| said:
i " The platform was equally explicit in reference to the
[ disturbances in relation to the Territory of Kansas. It de-
! claied that tieason was to be punished, and resistance to
j the laws was to be put down. That was the whole ques-
! tion involved—whether the supiemacy of the laws should
I bo maintained or whether mob violence should overcome
j the ofiicei of the law. On this question, between law and
i violence, the Democracy had expressed theii sentiment.-;
they say that the laws '-hall be executed so long as they
! stand upon the statute-book. But the Black. Republican-?
say that they will ti ample upon the law, and shoot down
! the otlieei:- who execute it, because they do not like the
i law. The whole question w.b, whether law and order and
i the constitution shall prevail, oi whether lawless violence
' and mob law shall rule in their stead." * * '
1 " And the principle of the Black Republicans is to obey
j such laws as they like, and repudiate those they do not
i like. They claim protection under the constitution, and
j refuse to yield obedience to it. The diffeience between
I them and the Democracy is, that the Democracy support
the Constitution mall its parts, with equal fidelity, with-
. out reference to whether they like or dislike it. It b n 
! excuse for a man to say that he does not like a law, and
1 theiefore will not obey it. Did they ever know a crimi-
• nal who liked the law. [Applause.] Law-breakers never
' like the punishment that follows the act. Law-abiding
j men have no fear of the supremacy oi the law."
| Nor were such sentiments uttered by Mr.Douc-
! LAs-for the first time. He has often uttered them:
i " The Democratic party is ever a law-abiding. Constitu-
tion loving, conseivative party—a party which holds that
! all true liberty i« to be found under the pioteetiun ,of the
; Constitution and the laws, and that the laws made in pur-
: Miance of the Constitution must be obejed. If we dislike
; them, they can only be repealed m conformity with thecon-
smmion ; and we mu- t submit to them as long as thry are
on the statute-book, unless they are unconstitutional, and
their constitutionality is a question which must be decided
by the courts, ft is not to be settled by mobs resistmglaw,
by shooting down the officers of the law, by pledging can-
didates for the judicial bench to decide contrary to the Con-
stitution and their oaths as the condition of their election.
The comts> mu>t decide the question accoidinsto the Con-
stitution and the law, and all must abide by that decision.
Thus we are brought back to the simple point, whether the
Constitution and the laws, as expounded by the highest tri-
bunals m the land, -shall prevail; or whether a town meet-
ing or a political organization, when it finds itself in the
minority, is at liberty to become a mob. to defy the law, and
shoot down its officeis?"
It is difficult for doctrine to be more clearly
stated. Those who " choose to absent themselves
from the polls," says Mr. Douglas, and " those
