2404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
if he will return to the report from the topograph-
ical department, on page 68 he will find this state-
ment;
" Jn order to the timely operations necessary to save this
harbor, I would recommend the granting of the above
amount m one appropriation."
Mr. CLAY. I hold the estimates in'my hand.
There was no report made, but here are the " esti-
mates of the funds deemed absolutely necessary
to preserve existing works for the improvement of
harbors and rivers under the charge of the bureau
of topographical engineers;" and in respect to
this it simply says:
" For the preservation and repair of the piers at the mouth
of Milwaukee river, Wisconsin, $28,630."
Mr. POLK. Can the Senator inform me when
these piers were made, whether they are piers in
process of construction, or whether they have been
finished some time and now need repairs?
Mr. TOOMBS. I can inform the Senator, hav-
ing looked through a number of these cases in
committee, that these words " preservation and
repair" are merely delusive. They are a mere
pretext. Until this year we had bills for contin-
uing the works. I think if you will look at the
record, you will find that there were some sixty
appropriation bills of this class passed at the last
Congress by the Senate; and at least nineteen out
of twenty were for continuing harbors; and, as
was said about Chicago, the appropriations are to
continue forever. As to the necessity, of couise
your engineers will report that something is ne-
cessary to be done. If you send a carpenter or
an engineer to look out for something to be done,
he will find something to'do. I recollect that one
of the Senators from California stated that they
wanted a survey on the Pacific coast, because there
were works very necessary to their commerce;
but, inasmuch as you had not-done anything there
heretofore, you will not do anything now. Cut,
as to its being necessary to keep the storms from
destrojing what has been done, in my judgment
there is not such a case in the whole batch.
Mr. XXXLIC. I will ask the Senator from Geor-
fiaif this is a case in which, with appropriations
eretofore made, the Government of the United
States has progressed and expended large amounts,
leaving the work uncompleted, and there is re-
quired another appropriation of a small amount
for the purpose of perfecting that work thus im-
perfectly carried forward, not finished, going to
decay ? I understand it is not such a case.
Mr. TOOMBS. In my opinion, there is no such
case; but they are all put upon that ground, every
one of them. For instance, take the St Clair flats.
They go on and say, that with a few more dredge
boats, and by a little more dredging and clearing
out the mud of the river, it will stick this time; the
same wave that put the mud there will stop put-
ting the mud there again; and hence, you must
preserve what has been done by going on and
dredging some more ! Look at the report of the
engineer, and you will find that is the case he
makes. When you have gone on and dredged
out a certain depth and a certain width on the St.
Clair fiats, you are to go on and take out some
more mud. The appropriation is for some more
dredging-boats for excavating more earth; and,
if they can do more of it, then they say that will
preserve what they have already done ?
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to submit a remark or
two in explanation of the vote I cast a few min-
utes since, and of the votes I may give on this
general subject. As a member of the Committee on
Commerce, I felt disposed to favor such appropri-
ations as were absolutely necessary to preserve a
work which had been constructed,and which, in
the opinion of the Department, might lead rapidly
to decay without repairing such parts as might be
injuria by the action of the water or other causes.
But, sir, I have no inclination to vote for a new
work of this kind, or for the extension of a work
which has been begun, in the present condition
of our finances. 1 voted for the repairs of the
piers at Chicago, because I believed it to be among
the class of improvements which we ought to pro-
tect. I said in committee, and I say now, that I
do not know that improvements like the St. Clair
fiats or the Red river, where the process is dredg-
ing, and dredging constantly,yeaily and intermin-
ably, ought to be ranked with those of superstruct-
ures,such aspiers and works which have adistinct
existence. Now, sir, I did not vote to report the
bill for the improvement of the Red river, on this
ground; it is not a repair, but it is an improve-
ment which has to be constant; it maybe ranked
as an enlargement or extension of a work. I in-
tend to vote for some of these bills, but not for all;
and I desired to say thus much in explanation of
my votes.
Mr. CLAY. In corroboration of what was said
by the Senator from Georgia as to the deceptive
charactcr of this bill, I wish to call attention to
what was said on the subject of this harbor im-
provement in 1856. At that time the Senator from
Wisconsin, General Dodge, offered a bill to ap-
propriate $17,500 for the continuation of the im-
provement of the harbor of Milwaukee. The
Committee on Commerce at that day reported the
bill with an amendment. They struck out $17,500
and inserted $35,329, and struck out the word
"continuing" and inserted " completing." At
that day, according to the report of the topograph-
ical engineers, only $35,000 was requisite for the
completion of the harbor; that was all they want-
ed; they would make a! finished work of it with
that amount. Now, they come here and ask for
$28,000 for repairs to preserve the existing works
from decay. I think that demonstration will itself
suffice to prove the truth of the assertion of the
Senator from Georgia, that this is all a delusion;
and that if we appropriate this money to preserve
the harbor, they will come hei e het eafter, and, per-
haps, ask cis much more to complete it—it may be
the $35,000 that were asked two years ago.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have waited to hear some one
state the facts particularly connccted with this
case. My memory is not distinct about it; yet
I have an impression, to which I referred the
other day, that when the appropriation ran low,
a few years ago, and it was found to be impossi-
ble to complete the work for the balance of the
appropriation, that balance, together with some
material and machinery, was turned over to the
town to complete the work on apian of their own,
by means to be raised by themselves. There were
so many cases, some of which were exactly of
that character, that I may be mistaken. I threw
out the suggestion the other day, in order that
some one specially acquainted with the subject
might make a statement. I should be glad now
to know that fact; for I think it bears on the case.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Mississippi will give way, I -will not detain
the Senate to make any thorough statement of
facts, but I will read from the report of Colonel
Graham to show that tlus ^8,000 is not for the
purpose of making any addition to the harbor,
but for the purpose of repairs. Perhaps the Sen-
ator may not be aware of the fact that at Milwau-
kee there are now two outlets from the river into
the lake.
Mr. POLK. What page does the Senator read
from.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Page G7. Colonel Graham
says:
" The impoitance of keeping open the entiance to Mil-
waukee aver atits natural mouth, andof keeping the pien
created there in good order, is luily explained in my annual
report of J85,"). Entertaining the same opinions now which
woie cxpre^ed m that lcpoit upon tUib subject, I beg leave
to refer j-ou to it, and to the iliusttative map submitted with
it, maiked ' G. No. 1G.5
ktThc pieis forming the harbor at tin- mouth of tins nvci,
so importantas a poit of ret'uae ami ancliojage to the com-
meicc of the lakes generally, are in a state of dreadful di-
lapidation. If appiopnations be not boon gianted lor their
icpajr, they must go to entire destruction ; and, m that ca-o,
the mouth of the river—that h to aay, its natural outlet-
will become stopped up by the formation of a permanent
but acioss u. Aheady a large amount of diodymgisnucev
sary, in addition to the repnu of the piers, in order to save
the haibor at this point. In my icpoitof la<t} car, (No. Ibl.)
I submitted an estimate of fund- then requnedior the=e pur-
pOfe^, amounting to No iippiopiuifion was,
however, gianted lor tins woik ; and now the pieis are in
a condition requn.ng a much iaiger sum to icp-iu them.
" For these repairs I heiewitb submit an estimate, marked
c B 3,' amounting to the &mn of $33,030 41."
This gas,000 I understand to be the sum which
is reported by the Committee on Commerce for:
the lepairs. There is also, in Colonel Graham's
report, a statement made in relation to the other 1
part of the harbor, and an estimate as to what !
will be necessary to complete the harbor. !
Mr. DAVIS." The Senator does not exactly 1
meet the inquiry which I presented. I recollect '
something of the form of the harbor. The JNIil-,
waukee creek running down inside of a little pen-1
insula, enters the lake at a very acute angle to the i
current which the winds prevailing on the lake j
produce. That was the mode proposed by the
United States engineer for the improvement of
the harbor. But there was some dissatisfaction
in the town, the authorities of which desired
to cut across the peninsula and carry the line
shorter into the lake and along the border of the-
land, or they wished to erect a building. I thought
at the time it was very bad engineering, but it
was not military engineering, I will say to my
friend from Georgia. Itwas aproposition to bring
the current of the creek against the current of. the
lake at about right angles. That a deposit would
be the consequence of the conflict of currents, I
could not doubt. The only way to bear the sed-
iment far into the lake was to bring them in con-
tact at such an acute angle as scarcely to destroy
the veloeity of either; but impingingat an angle
of ninety degrees, the current of the creek would
be destroyed when it struck the lake.
The amount remaining of the appropriation
was very email. As an economical and political
question, I was very much opposed to the Gov-
ernment prosecuting these works; and that fact
was known generally. Itwas plain that the bal-
ance remaining could not complete the work;"and
my recollection is that I assented to a proposition,
and I wished to know whether that proposition
went into effect, to turn overthe unexpended bal-
ance to the city authorities, with whatever mate-
rial and machinery the Government had,in order
that they might make the short cut which the city
authorities proposed, with money to be raised
by themselves. If that is the fact, then I think
the Government is clear of the work; and if clear
of it, I have no disposition to renew the connec-
tion by repairing the old piers at the mouth of
Milwaukee creek.
Mr. CLAY. When this question was suggested
the other day by the Senator fiom Mississippi, I
was not able to answer it. I have since investi-
gated it; but I have not been able to ascertain the
facts which he suggests. I think they do exist
as to the appropriation for Sheboygan, as I will re-
mark to the Senate when that case is readied; but
I think it certainly worthy of further inquiry; and
I hope this bill will be postponed,in order that i
may examine thoroughly, and see if the facts sug-
gested by the Senator be eorrecr. With that view
1 move to postpone the bill for the present.
II Mr. SEWAKD. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time. On the
question, "Shall the bill pass?0
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. POLK. I wish to ask the Senator from
"Wisconsin if he is able to respond to the inquiry
put by the Senator from Mississippi?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I behove you will find on
pages 63, G4, and Co, of the icport of Colom-i
Graham, the facts m relation to what was done
by the city and what was done by the Govern-
ment in the construction of that pier. 1 do not
desire to take up the time of the Senate by read-
ing it; but satisfactory information will be found
there.
Mr. DURKEE. I would remark, for the in-
formation of the Senator from Missouri, that I
think there has been no such arrangement made,
as was suggested by the Senatorfrom Mississippi,
in regard to Milwaukee haibor.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 26, nays IB; as follows:
YEAS—? lc3srs. Alien, Bi-jler, Ihodoriek, Chandler. Ool-
lamei, Cnttenden, DtYon, Doohtiio. Dm lie.1. l-V-
Foot, Foster, IHmbn, Harlan, K>n'iedy, Sebastian,
Pew aid, Shield-.. Snnmon<, r, T.iomp^on oi KonturK v,
Thomson of New Jei:>ey, Tu.mbull, Waco, and Wilson —
26.
NAYS—Mesai-. f'li'iht, i>,own. Clay, C'hn^nan, Davi--,
Fitch, Fuzputtick, IIam:.io>.<;, 'Houston, Ilu.ite:,
tverson. Johnson of Tenncjvjo, Polk, ILiid, Lliee, S  doil,
and Toombs—18.
So the bill was passed.
HARBOR OF SHEBOYGAN.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that thp Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the biil (8. No.
making appropriations fox repairing the piers o.;
the harbor of Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
Mr. HUNTER, it wants but two minutes of
the time for the special order. Wu cannot g ,t
through that bill before the lime comes. Let it
come up to-morrow in the two morning hours.
Mr. SEWARD. If there will be no objection
