1858,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ofthis continentare seeking to change the blessings of lib-
erty <ind independence for alien protectorates and urcr.pius-
ible dictatorships
In a little more than a year afterwards the last
words became facts. Carrera, a mestizo, of mixed
Spanish and Indian blocd, had, years before, by
the aid of his Indian allies, made himself Dictator
of Guatemala; then turning his force against
Cabauas, President of Honduras and chief of
the Liberals, he placed Santos Guardiola, another
mestizo, in a dictatorship over that State. It is
with this latter chieftain that the British Govern-
ment has negotiated its treaty, resigning the Bay
Islands to the so-called Republic, but still hold-
ing them under the " alien protectorate" of Brit-
ish institutions. I will read a single page from
the lucid sketch given by Mr. Wells's book,
which is, in fact, his report to the American mer-
chants who employed him to examine the state of
the country, in which they designed to prosecute
their commercial enterprises. In this passage
lie makes an epitome which grasps the whole
history.
" [t will be seen that the main cause of the devastating
wars of Central Amcnca, lias been the division oi the
Suite1* into irreconcilable pauies; one advocating tUo con-
tinuance of the obsolete lorms of the Spam&h viceroyakyj
and the levival of tlio cxtinct aiistocratical limitations of
the colonial pot tod; and the other, emulous of the astonish-
ing piogress of the United States undei a purely republican
government, vainly attempting to establish a similar system,
and shedding their best blood in the thirty year*' suu™le
to that end-
<•01*1156 patriotic motives of the Liberals, scarcely one
amon«* the few native and foreign wnters upon the politics
of Central America but p.iy a deaci veil tribute to their earn-
est oxei tio  in behalf of their countiy. An Etj-,;li h author
includes m the Liberal pai ty s-omc lew who had b?en distin-
guished men under the monarchy, thcgreatei portion* o( the
legal and medical professions,ot,mother woids,the ihte of
the Umveisity, who had prcfeucd these studies to that of
theology or canon5?, not so much as a means of tupport a 
beeau-'c they are almost the only carecis open to tho-><? who
rejcctttie ecclesiastical vocation. ' Italso numbered many
merchants and lamL-d prop!ietors,suppoitedbyanumeiou!*
body, composed of the more intelligent artnans and labor-
ers.' Their leaders weie men of voiy decided deniociaticnl
principles, of unquestionable ability, and, considering the
school thoy weie biomjlitupm and the influence that sur-
lounded them, they mmiie&ted no small amount of tine
p itriotibiu and d<:vot<>dno&h to their convictions, though,
al \s ! in too many instances «tained with venality and even
with d^od-j of oppression and blood. VViiat they ovei threw,
and what they accomplished tor the State is honorable alike
to their talent^ and their sentiments^ and though the limits
of a sketch will scarcely admit a due appreciation of it, a
cursoiy view of then achievements taking into considera-
tion the ercum^tduces of the people, ami of the times, will
piohably excmj more wonder, and certainly merits higher
piaise, than the victories of Alvarado.'
" Since Gaardiola's usurpation of the supreme power in
Hondmas, the State haj a.-^umed a tempoiarv importance
abroad, by the arrangement of a treaty between its Govern-
mont and" tint o! Gieat Britain, by winch the Central Amer-
ican (jui'ition wa- filially sciiied, the l>«iy Inlands ic^toied
to the Republic, and the ttuti-h piotoctoiate withdiawn
from the .Mosquito territoiy. The communication of fc>t>fior
Alvnrado, llondmas's Mmis-toi to Uieat Britain, announcing
to Iih Ciovcruiii'Mif, the eonolu-ion of the tieaty, h dated
London, September 13, 1859. The principal foatuie in the
convention was the right accoided to the inhabitant* of the
Cay Islands to maintain their own municipal government,
to be administered by legislative, executive, and judicial
officer* of their own election ; trial by jury in their own
court-.; ficedom of r:hgiou< belief and worship, p.tbhe and
puvate; exception fiom itiihtary service cxcept for their own
defence; and from all taxation on leal or other property be-
yond such as may be imposed by then own municipality,
and collected for the treasury of tiie same, and to be ap-
plied to the common benefit
" The stipulations concerning religious freedom and trial
by jury are thus loreed ori Honduras, and furnish the germs
fiom which these eminently Anslo-Saxon nioa^ mu^t event-
ually spread to the mam land. Under the Federal Republic,
the attempt to introduce tins gave rise to the sangumaiy con-
flicts between the authorities and the Indians, who then, as
now. were incapable ofapprecianng its benefits. The pnvi-
iegesthiH accorded to an integral portion of the State aflbid
the first instance ot the establishment in Central America of
republican institutions which are not subject to overthiovv
at the caprice of temporary rulers.''
It seems that our American observer, standing
on the spot—however averse to this British ob-
trusion—is obliged to adroit that it afforded " the
first instance ot the establishment in Central America
of republican institution9 which are not subject to
overthrow at the caprice of temporary riders." But
what says our President in reference to this con-
vention ? He revolts at it, because, (I read his
words:)
" Whilst declaring the Ray Islands to be a free territory,
under the sovereignty of Honduras, it deprived that Repub-
lic of rights without which its sovereignty overthem could
scarcely be said to exist, ft divided them from the remain-
der of Honduras, and gave to their inhabitants, a separate
Government of their own, with legislative, executive, and
judicial officers, elected by themselves. It deprived the
Government of Honduras of the taxing power m every form,
and exempted the people of the islands fiom the perform-
ance of military duty, except for their own exclusive de-
fense. It also prohibited that Republic from erecting forti-
fications upon them for their protection; thus leavinmhem
open to invasion from every quarter ; and, finally, it pio-
vided ' thai slavery shall iul al any time hereafter be per-
milled to exiil therein.' "
This last point is marked by inverted commas
in the message, by way of showing thut he gives
the exact words of the treaty in that clause, which
crowns the climax of its obnoxious impositions.
It is strange that our President in his enumera-
tion of the shocking guarantees with which Eng-
land incumbered her surrender of the Bay Islands
to the mercy of the dictator, omitted those which
were closely associated with, and gave vitality to
that interdicting slavery. They were the light of
habeas corpus, trial by jury, and freedom of religious
belief and worship.
But Mr. Buchanan put his mark on that line of
the treaty which excited so much abhorrence in
that part of the Senate, which was, and is still
laboring to force slavery on Kansas. He " sticks I
a pin there" and thus tells them, " I join you in
making war upon the establishment* of Anglo-
Saxon institutions in any partofCentral America,
coupled with the exclusion of slavery, because
they will frustrate the design we have formed and
sent Walker to execute,5' and which the latter
plainly avows m the following passage of a letter
to one of his emissaricsembarked with him in the
enterprise. In his letter to Goicuria, sent by him
as minister to England, ho says:
"With your versatility, and, if I mny u^the tenn, adapt-
ability, I expect much to be done in England. You can do
more than any American could pocsrbly accomplish, be-
cause you can make the Di iti«b Cabinet &ee that \vc aie not
engaged in anv scheme for annexation; you can make them
see that the only way to cut the crpxndin* and expansive
dcmocracyof the JSFor'th^ is In/ a powerful awl compact south-
ern federation bawd on miiitaty principles/'
Again he says:
" Tell he mu-t^end mo The new?, and let me know
whether { Cuba must and s-hall be free' but not for the
Yankee®, Oh! no ! that fine eountiy is not tit for those bar-
barous Yankees! What would such a pj-ahn-smging set
do in the island?"
In his letter to the Hon. 0. J. Jenkins, of
Georgia, Walker admits that though he did not
go to Central Ameiica to establish slavery, that
measure was the guiding star of his policy after
he reached there. He admits, too, that the decree
issued with this object m view, was his individ-
ual act, and that it was opposed by the whole
body of native inhabitants. He asserts,also, that
the measure was resorted to by him as part of a
system for promoting " the increase of negro sla-
very on this continent."
Now, whether the President sent his fleet to
Nicaragua to protect that Stntc from Walker's
attempt, in compliance with the late treaty, or to
make a cover for our national honor, and a cover
fur the enterprise endangered by another Jlcet hover-
ing on that cow>t> remains a problem. In one view,
the policy contemplated by him is very clear. No
man can look at the complexion of the Cabinet
with which he is surrounded; at the hardy at-
tempts of every branch of the Government to
propagate slavery North and South; at the mani-
fest determination, both of the Senate and the late
and the present President, to keep open the Cen-
tral American dispute with the British Govern-
ment, making its treaty with Honduras for the
exclusion of slavery from the Bay Islands the
main difficulty, without seeing that there is a
latent purpose of forcing slavery on that region
against the will of a majority of the people of the
Union, and making the Confederacy submit to a
fragment of it, under the threat of flying off.
The purpose of subjecting Central America to
slavery has been boIdiyproclaimed-,and the open-
ing of the African slave trade is relied upon to fill
,j up the void in the laboring populatioxi which must
be made by the war and the expulsion of danger-
ous classes. Is it not a degradation of the nation
which stands on this continent as the first asserter
of its freedom and independence, and the great
exemplar of popular sovereignty in the world, to
have a Chief Magistrate and controlling councils
harboring designs which they dare not avow, and
seeking by sly intrigues to involve it in a war, to
accomplish schemes which the people would spurn
with disgust, if promulgated before they became
committed in the conflict? I have no doubt my
countrymen would regard with just indignation,
and resist an attempt by England to turn our flank
on the Gulf of Mexico. That she spreads her
dominion across this continent, from the Gulf of
the St. Lawrence to Vancouver's Island on the
Puci&c, bringing its pressure to bear upon our
whole northern frontier, is asws&ch constraint as
can be endured. The nation would be willing to
close this century as it began—in hostility with
England—rather than submit to encroachment in
our southern quarter. For this reason our Govern-
ment insisted that Great Britain should abandon
the assumed protectorate claimed over the coasts
of Central America. She relinquished it; but she
stipulated with Honduras that the subjects left by
her in the Bay Islands should continue to enjoy
the free institutions which she had planted there.
Our own citizen, Mr. Wells, looking to the estab-
lishment of our influence through our institutions
in this quarter, hails this step as " the establishment
hi Central America of republicaninstitutionsi which
are not to be overthrown at the caprice of temporary
rulers "
Can Mr. Buchanan summon hardihood to in-
volve this country in a war'to expel the freedom
guarantied to the Bay Islands by the treaty made
with the dictator Guardiola, and subject them to
his absolute authority? I would rather hope that
our Government, if not now, may yet, under an-
other Presidency, extend its influence over the
mainland of Central America, by giving its sup-
port to maintain Governments there based upon
its own republican principles. To do this, we
must, like England in the case of the Bay Islands,
send our people into the country, protect our mer-
chants in their enterprises therey and make an honest
demonstration of the fixedpurpose oj our Government
to build up the prosperity of Central Jlmenca for its
own and our advantage. What could confer more
honor on our national character than the accept-
ance of the proposal which the illustrious patriot
Barrundia, as the last act of his life, submitted to
our late President, speaking for Cabanas and the
wishes (as Mr, Wells and our diplomatic agent,
Mr. Squier, give reason to believe) of the people
of Honduras. Barrundia says:
"She olFers her commodious ports, her salubrious climate,
and her gieat but undeveloped resources, to the aid of this
undertaking:, and freely offers her rich and ferule country to
the cnteipnse and industry of the American people. Hon-
duras sshould be forever the friend and sister of the United
States, and fclic look^ hopefully to the latter for the support
of her liberty and independence. May the eternal Disposer
of events link together the people ol both by the unalterable
tie of interest and future mutual prosperity."
He concludes by repeating:
" The earnest solicitude of Honduras to estabjish a true
and intimate fraternity with the United States, in tuch form
that both nations may have a single mterestfortheeommon
cause ot liberty, ar-d in such manner that Honduras may
proceed to develop her latent elements ot prosperity, and to
impiove the advantages* of a position eminently favored by
rratuie, without a fear of dtstutbance for the future, either
from ciii'l discard or exterior agression, should sack a for-
ilun<ete result be attained, 1 londHras will yet present, in the
center of the commcrcial world, the glorious spectacle of a
J i ce and prosper oris people sustained by the generosity of the
great Jlrnerican Republic."
To what a glorious and benevolent mission was
our country called by this invocation of Barrun-
dia, compared with those vile buccaneering expe-
ditions set on foot by a body of filibustering mal-
contents among us, enemies alike of both Repub-
lics ! They want to set up a government " under
military rale." They want to be associated with
the slave States, anil exclude " the psalm-singing
Yankees." They want to repeal the edict eman-
cipating theslavesin the Central American States
and enslave them again. Andean anyone doubt.
whether these rapacious propagandists of slavery
would hesitate, in case of success, to make them-
selves amends for their toils, sufferings, and dan-
gers, somewhat us Cortex turned these conquests
to account, acquired and held" by military rule?"
Connected with this overture of Barrundia, on
the part of Honduras, freely offering " her rich
and fertile country (rich in gold and every spe-
cies of vegetation) to theenterprise and industry
of the American people," in reiurn for security
from " civil discord and foreign aggression," was
another which addressed itself to the enterprising
spiiit of our great*commercial cities. It was the
grant of a charter conferring privileges of im-
mense value to be derived from the construction
of an inter-oceanic railroad from the Atlantic bay
of Honduras to the bay of Fonseca, on the Pa-
cific. Mr. Wells glances at this when he arrives
at Amapala, which he' mentions as the projected
" terminus of the Honduras inter-oceanic rail-
road, which, commencing on the Caribbean sea, is
designed to pass through the beautiful valley of
