1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2MM*
to taking up the bill to-morrow morning, I shall
yield.
Mr. PUGH. I move an amendment. I see no
use in dividing this into twenty doses. Let us
have it all at once. I offer an amendment to in-
clude all these works.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator can move his
amendment to-morrow. I move to take up the
loan bill.
Mr. SEWARD. We are so far in this busi-
ness, that I prefer we should go through with
these bills. For the purpose of ascertaining the
sense of the Senate, I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. The hour has come for the
consideration of the loan bill, and it will be neces-
sary for the Senator to move a postponement of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is within a min-
ute of the time. The Chair may as well call it
up, and the Senator may make his motion to post-
pone it. The Chair cails up the special order—
the loan bill.
Mr. SEWARD. T move to postpone the con-
sideration of that bill with a view of taking up the
river and harbor bills. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were oidered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. liroderick, Ohandlet. Divon, DooliUin,
Douglas. Dui kce, Foot, Foster," Halo, H.nn'm, i latino, Km it,
Sewaid, Simmons, Stuait, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—
13.
NAYS — Mc^rs. Allen, Benjamin, Bicler, Bright, Clay,
Clingman, Collamor, Crittenden, Davi^. Fessendcn, Fitch,
. Fitzpairick, Hammond, lia tic, flon-ton. Ilunter, Ivcr^on,
Johnson of Tennessee. Jones, Kennedy, Ma-on, Polk. Keni,
JRiee, Sebastian. Shdell,Thompson o: Kentucky,Thomson
of New Jeisey, Toombs, and Wright—30.
So the motion v/as not agreed to.
FIFTEEN MILLION LOAN.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No, 39G) to authorize a loan not exceed-
ing the sum of $15,000,000-, the pending question
being on the amendment of Air. Sjmmovs to pro-
vide for the home valuation of all foreign imports.
Mr. BELL addressed the Senate three hours
and a half on the varied topics involved in the
pending measure.
[This speech will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DUItKEE. I wish to state that I have
paired off with the Senator from Louisiana, Mr.
Slidell.
Mr. STUART. I beg leave to state that X have
paired off on tins question with the Senator from
Connecticut, Mr. Dixon.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have paired off with the
Senator from Missouri, Mr. Green; otherwise
1 should have voted for the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 17, nays 25; a? follows:
YEAS Messrs Allen, E<aH, IWxleuek. Chandler, Crit-
tenden, Fes-ondcn. Foster. Hamiin, Hsu Jan, King, Sowaul,
Sumnon<. Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson oi New Jet-
sev. Wade, Wilson, and Wnsht— 17.
NAYS—liiglcr, Bncht, Brown, Clay, Chnaman,
Davis, Douglas, Filch, Fnzpatrick, Hammond, ilayne,
Houston, Hunter, Ivenon, Johnson of Aikansai, Johnson
ol Tennessee, Jone<, Maliory, Mason, Pearce, Pugh, lleid,
Rice, Sebastian, and Shields—-25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. An amendment is necessary
since the loan has been made to consist of coupon
bonds alone, and that is to strike oat the provis-
ion which allows the issue of §109 certificates. I
should like to hear that clause read, and I wish
to offer an amendment to raise it to &1,000.
The Secretary read as follows:
" Provided, That no certificate shall be issued for a less
sum than one ft-lOn "
Mr. HUNTER I move to strike out " $100"
and insert t( $1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr.'WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the final passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The Secietary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. STUART. I h.u-e paired off with the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, M r, Di\o>:. on this quest!on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T hiv** mired off with the
Senator from Missouri, Mr Polk; otherwise I
shouM vote mrainst the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 met Mr. Polk and Mr.
Hale going down to dinner, arm in arm; and
they said they had paired off together. Mr. Polk
should not pair off with two Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was a temporary pair.
I should vote against the bill, but the Senator
from Missouri, Mr. Polk, had occasion to leave
the Senate, and I wasnot aware that he had paired
off since.
Mr. HAMLIN. They both asked me to say
that they had paired off.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not vote under the
circumstances.
Mr. HUNTER. I was requested by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, Mr. Benjamin, to say that
he had paired off with the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, Mr. Doolittle.
The result was then announced—yeas 28, nays
14; as follows:
V GAS—Messrs. Allen, Bieler, Bright, Brown, Clay,Cling- i
man, Davis,Douglas, Fitch,'Fitzpa!tick, Hammond, Ilaync,
Houston, Hunter, (vci^oti. Johnson of Arkansas, Jones,
Malloiy, Ma<on. Peaioe. Iteid, Ilicc, Sebastian, Shields,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jct cy, Wright,
and Yuiee—9S.
NAYS—Messrs. Boll. Biodosiek, Chandler, Ciittenden,
I'Y-^ondon, Fostet, IlamluT. ll.iilan, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kinq, Push, Sewaid, Wade, and Wils-on—1-4.
So the bill was passed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an- j
nouncing that the liouse had agreed to some and j
disagreed to other amendments of the Senate to |
the bid (H. R. No. 201) making appropriations j
for the legislative, executive, and judicial cx- |
penses of Government for the year ending the j
30th Juno, 1850, and had agreed to other amend- \
rneutsof the Senate to the bill with amendments, |
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re- j
quested. !
Mr. HUNTER. I more that the bill and
amendments be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I give notice that to-morrow
at one o'clock, I shall move to take up the civil
appropriation bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment which 3 am authorized to report from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, which I
shall offer to the bill that the Senator from Vir-
ginia gives notice he will call up to-morrow morn-
ing—the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. JONES. The Senator from Pennsylvania
has moved an executive session, and I hope the
Senate will go into executive session.
Mr. ALLEN. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 26, 1S58.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER, stated the first business in
order to be on the report of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union in relation to the
Senate amendments to the bill of the House (No.
2U1) making appropriations of the legislative ex-
ecutive.and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1859.
Mr. COBB. I wish to call the attention of the
House to the fact that I have a very important
bill readvr to report from the Committee on Public
: Lands, if J get an opportunity to report it in the
i course of the present session. I wish to have it
' printed, so thdt the House may understand ex-
: actlv what it is. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
• the "House to have the bill printed.
| Mr. LEfTER. What is the bill ?
j Mr. COBB. It is a bill changing the preemp-
[ tion laws, and so regulating them that everybody
i will be able to understand them.
! Mr. SEWARD. 1 made an appeal to the
; House the other day to allow me to report a bill
! giving a pension to the widow of Lieutenant
Herndon.^ I am willing that this bt$ should come
in now, if mine can come in in the same way.
Otherwise I object.
Mr. COBB. I did not object to the gentleman's
bill. If he wants to object to the proposition I
have made, let him do it.
Mr. SEWARD, I believe the gentleman did
not object to my bill, and I will waive my objec-
tion now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Where is that bill?
Mr. COBB. Here it is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, then, make
your report, and let it go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and be
printed.
Mr. COBB. I propose to report it, and have it
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let it go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman wants to object,
let him object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do object to that
way of doing business.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to inquire what is the
regular order of business, and whether it will be
in order to call the committees for reports.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the report of the Committeeofthe Whole
on the state of the Union, in the amendments of
the Senate to the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropriation bill, upon which the main ques-
tion has been ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. After the previous question
was seconded, the Housp, by unanimous consent,
went into Committee of the Whole. I hope now,
by unanimous consent, we may spend an hour in
calling committees for reports. I ihink it will
facilitate business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire of
the Chair if the morning hour will not commence
after we have disposed of these bills upon, which
the main question has been oidered?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to inquire if there is
any business that will interfere with the call of
committee for reports?
Mr. GROW. I think it is of importance that
we should get through with the appropriation
bills, and I object to iho proposition of the gen-
tleman from Georgia.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would inquire if this
day has not been set apart for the report of the
committee on the Fort Snelhng investigation?
The SPEAKER. The report of the FortSnell-
ing committee was postponed until to-day.
,Mr. FAULKNER. Then I object to every-
thing not in order.
Mr. MORRILL. The report does not come
up until after the morning hour—does it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will look into
that.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The House is
rather thin this morning, and I would suggest
that, by unanimous consent, the committees be
called for reports which shall give rise to no dis-
cussion, for reference only.
Mr. COBB. I object to that; and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not wish to lose my
temper this morning, and I give notice that I shall
object to everything except the appropriation bills.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the Senate amendments to the legislative, ex-
ecutive, andjudicial appropriation bill.
First amendment of the Senate:
Inseit, atter the item for paying the compensation of
mileage or Senators: _ ..
And a sufficient sum, m addition thereto, to pay the nine-
age of the newlv elected members of the Senate m attend-
ance at the called executive session, commencing on the
•Uti dav of M.irch, 1?57 ; but nothing herein contained shall
ho =o con>tiued as to allow constiuctive mileage.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays
on concurring.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and *
Singleto.v were appointed. '
The House divided; and the tellers reported^.
