344
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Auxiliary Ghiard—Mr. Goode.
Ho. op Reps.
exerts its constitutional authority within the lim-
its of the States, on all subjects intrusted to our
charge, according to the provisions of the Con-
stitution. I have seen the illustrious John Mar-
shall dispensing law and justice, executing the
powers of a Federal judge in the same room and
from the same seat, which but a day or so before
were occupied by a venerable chancellor of Vir-
ginia. The States are sovereign and supreme.-
We derive our powers from their grant. We ex-
ercise a. divided and concurrent jurisdiction with
them, within the limits of their several bounda-
ries. The corporation is subordinate and munici-
pal; all its powers are the gift of Congress. Yet
is it gravely insisted that, by the creation of this
petty municipality, Congress has deprived it-
self of the right to organize a police here for the
purposes of self-protection and self-preservation.
Thus, by this argument, are we reduced to de-
pendence on the city for the power to exercise the
functions of Government.
Sir, X deny that Congress has the right to de-
prive itself of the power to protect itself, to pro-
tect the Government, and persons and all things
dependent on the Government, or connected with
it. Government cannot divest itself ofthepower
to accomplish the purposes of its creation. It
cannot absolve itself from the obligation to pro-
tect itself, the Government, its members and em-
ployes, with the citizens of the Confederacy re-
sorting lawfully to their seat of Government. Its
obligation to protect the public property and the
diplomatic representatives of foreign nations,
the power to accomplish these high objects, the
power to exert or to exercise the functions of
government, the power to accomplish the pur-
poses of its creation, are vested in Government by
the Constitution, and imposes a binding obliga-
tion, from which Congress cannot be absolved by
any act of legislation. If it had been designed
by the charter of incorporation for the city of
Washington to absolve the Federal Government
from the force of its obligation, the act would
have been simply nude.
Sir, it has been urged thatCongress is under no
obligation to support a police here, for the benefit
and protection of the citizens of Washington, re-
lieving them from the expense and necessity of
providing a police for themselves. This argu-
ment must be respected, because it is urged by
respectable gentlemen. In itself it is utterly un-
tenable, and will be regarded by many enlightened
men as founded on a very narrow and a very
small prejudice. Might not the corporation re-
tort that it is under no obligation to provide a
police here for the protection of Government., and
its numerous members, dependents and interests
and connections? Sir, the police is not designed
to secure any exclusive or even peculiar advantage
to the citizens of Washington. It is intended to
enable the Government well and faithfully and
securely and conveniently to discharge its duties
and redeem its obligations to the country. It is
right the corporation should do this within its
proper sphere. Itisright the Governmentshould
accomplish this within its own proper sphere.
There isanotherviewof tlus subject which must
commend itself to every fair and candid mind. It
is undeniably true that the lawlessness which
prevails hero is occasioned, for the most part, by
the- presence of the Federal Government. Our
presence here congregates within the ten miles
square the roivdies and ruffians who set society
at defiance. I put it to the candor of every gen-
tleman—does he not believe that if the seat of
Government were removed, the city would sub-
side into the quiet and repose of a country village ?
Is it notjust we should provide the police, the ne-
cessity for which we create ?
Mr. Chairman, I maintain it was the purpose
of the framers of the Constitution to locate the seat
of Government in a position to exercise exclusive
jurisdiction, and to invest it with authority ade-
quate to its own protection. It was intended to
avoid the ills and avoid the possibility of conflict-
ing jurisdiction.
Gentlemen are familiar with the history of es-
tablishing the seatof Government at Washington.
At the close of the war of the Revolution, when
our arms were triumphant, when the power of
Britain was overthrown, and victory had perched
upon our banner, the army which achieved this
glorious triumph was left in a state of destitu-
tion. The time had come when that army was
to be disbanded, and the veteran citizen soldier
return to his long neglected home. But he was
without pay—without a cent of money in his
pocket—far away from his home; all tattered
and torn—all wearied and worn—he was to be dis-
banded and turned loose upon the world, without
even a settlement of his accounts. He knew not
what allowance would be made for him by the
country whose enemies he had conquered, and
whose liberty he had achieved. Great and exten-
sive discontentprevailed,and there was danger of
ageneral mutiny. Never was the address of Gen-
eral Washington put to severer trial, but he firmly
essayed the task, and his efforts were crowned
with success. The spirit of patriotism was dif-
fused through the army as an emanation from his
! soul. Order was restored, the army dispersed,
the liberties of America established upon a last-
ing foundation.
At Lancaster,Pennsylvania, there was a canton
of raw recruits, who refused to be appeased, and
who refused to submit to be disbanded, on the
terms which were rendered indispensable by the
actual poverty of Government. And venting their
rage, and vowing vengeance, they took up the
line of march for Philadelphia, where the Conti-
nental Congress was in session. Their approach
was known at Philadelphia. Congress called on
the corporate authorities to provide the means of
resistanceand protection. The corporate author-
ities referred the question to the State authorities,
and, pending the delay which intervened, the mu-
tineers had reached the city. The house in which
the sessions were held was surrounded by the en-
raged soldiery. The passways were blockaded
with fixed bayonets, and a demand was made on
the Council,who assembled in the same house, that
the accounts should be settled in twenty minutes;
and thismessage was accompanied with the threat
that, unless their demands were satisfied, the sol-
diers would be turned loose, with arms in their
hands, free from all the restraints of law.
By some means, of which I am not distinctly
informed, the members effected their escape; and,
before they dispersed in confusion, they agreed to
reassemble in Princeton; and for some time their
future sessions were held there. After this mor-
tifying outrage and flagrant insult, Congress re-
solved that it was necessary to establish the seat
of Government in a locality and under circum-
stances where they might exert a power and au-
thority adequate to their own protection without
dependence on municipal or State protection; and
this determination seems very generally to have
settled down in the public mind. At an early stage
of the proceedings of the Federal convention which
framed the Constitution of the United States, a
resolution was adopted instructing the committee
to insert a clause insuring an adequate authority
in the Federal Government for all the purposes of
self-protection, which resulted in tiie clause now
found in the Constitution establishing an exclu-
sive jurisdiction within this District.
This clause is the result of the deliberate judg-
ment of the public mind; the deliberate purpose
of the country to clothe the Federal Government
with power to protect itself, and carry into effect
the great purposes of its creation. And when this
District was established as the seat of Govern-
ment, Maryland and Virginia were severally re-
quired to surrender the rights of eminent domain,
andinvestCongress with power of exclusive legis-
lation; and now it is gravely maintained that, by
the chartering of the petty municipality of this
city, we have created a rival authority here, with
power superior to our own; depriving Congress
of the indispensable power of self-protection, and
reducing the Government of the United States to
acondition of dependence on the city of Washing-
ton. Sir, I cannot believe that such an argument
is of force to convince the mind of the House.
Sir, it seems to be generally agreed that the ap-
pointing power should be free from all partisan
influences. All profess to desire this. Surely it
is desirable; but how shall it be attained ? In this
free country every citizen is a politician; every
public man is a partisan. Can you avoid partisan
influences ? Sir, to accomplish this desirable ob-
ject of excluding partisan influences, the gentle-
man from New York provides, as (he first gtep,
to resort to a popular election for the choice of a
commission, to consist of four partisan leaders—
two to be chosen from each of the political parties
of Washington—and this process to be continued
from year to year; whilst the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Leiter,] in the eager pursuit of the
same object of excluding partisan influences, pro-
poses for our adoption a legislative commission,
in which he names as commissioners the two par-
tisan candidates for the mayoralty. The name,
of a third commissioner is quite providently in-
serted, whose political connection will insure the
decision of every question on the side of the po-
litical party of which the honorable gentleman
from Ohio is himself a distinguished, ornamental
partisan leader. Other gentlemen insist that, not-
withstanding the history of the past, the Mayor
of the city is the best repositary of the power of
appointment. To this I reply the argument of a
bitter experience. Through the future it will be
as it has been through the past. The Mayor to
select the officers and men—and they with power
to elect the Mayor—remissness and relaxation of
discipline will necessarily obtain, and inefficiency
and worthlessness will mark the character of the
police force. This is, of all the modes suggested,
the most objectionable in practice.
And now, sir, I approach the close of the few
remarks I proposed to offer. When I rose to
explain the provisions of this bill, the House will
bear me witness, I came forward coolly and de-
liberately, without passion or excitement. I made
no appeal to party spirit or party prejudice. I
confined myself strictly to a simple exposition of
the provisions of the bill; and I was content to
rely on the intelligence of Congress to give effect
to the measure. My brief discourse was a.pas-
sionless narrative. No sooner had I taken my
seat than a member from Massachusetts rose in
his place, and launched forth into the boisterous
discussion of party politics. With slight allu-
sion to the question of police, he felt it to be his
duty to denounce the President of the United
States; to arraign and denounce the Cabinet as
rotten and unworthy of public confidence; to de-
nounce and threaten the Supreme Court of the
United States, and the venerable Chief Justice of
this country.
Mr. COMINS. I beg to correct the gentleman
from Virginia. In speaking against this bill, I
made no allusion to the Supreme Court of the
United States, or to the venerable Chief Justice
of that court. I said justice was at fault in this
city through the inefficiency of the criminal court
of this District, more than from the remissness
of the police in the discharge of their duties. I
in no way assailed Judge Crawford; but I alluded
to the inefficiency of his court. Neither did I
allude to the Cabinet of the President; but I did
allude to his Administration.
Mr. GOODE. I beg pardon; I thought it was
he who alluded to the decision in the Dred Scott
case. It may have been some one of his com-
peers. I absolve the gentleman quo ad hoc; but
only as to the Supreme Court and Chief Justice.
By his own admission, he assailed the criminal
court of this District; and it appears from his
printed speech thathehad the indelicacy to assail,
by name, the honorable judge who presides in
that court. I have no personal acquaintance with
Judge Crawford. He has not approached me on
this occasion to place me in possession of facts,
on which to ground his defense hereto-day. But
honorable gentlemen of the legal profession—men
of undoubted standing, whose good opinion is
worthy to be coveted by the best of us frail hu-
man beings—men at the head of the Washington
bar, distinguished ornaments of an honorable pro-
fession, and who stand opposed to Judge Craw-
ford in his political association—have voluntarily
come forward to defend him against this unjust
and indelicate assault, and to authorize me to-
speak of him in the presence of the American
Congress as an amiable man, an accomplished
gentleman, a pure, a just, an able, and an upright
judge, enjoying, in an eminent degree, the confi-
dence and affection of the community in which
he lives.
Gentlemen have objected particularly to the ac-
tion of the court in the case of a member of Con-
gress who was tried here for murder during the
last Congress. It is painful to introduce into this
