1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
.. on this subject in his Farewell Address.
Among those last words of wisdom which he gave
to his countrymen in an official form occurs this
" It is important, likewise, that the habits of thinking in
a free country should inspire caution in those intrusted with
its administration, to confine themselves within their re-
spective constitutional spheres, avoiding, in the exercise of
the powers of one department, to encroach upon another.
The spirit of encroachment tends to consolidate the powera
of all the departments in one, and thus to create, whatever
the form ol the Government, a real despotism. A ju&t es-
timate of that love of power and proncness to abuse it which
predominate in the human heart, is sufficient to satisly us
of the truth of this position. The necessity of recipiocal
checks m the exercise of political power, by dividing and
distributing it into different depositoiies, and constituting
each the guardian of the public weal against invasions of
the other, has been evinced by experiments, ancient and
modern, some of them in our own country, and under our
own eyes."
In his first annual message, Jefferson says:
li L am happy in this opportunity of committing the ar-
duous affairs of our Government to the collected wisdom of
the Union. Nothing shall be wanting on my partto inform,
as far as in my power, the legislative judgment, nor to carry
that judgment into faithful execution."
Howclearlyand distinctly the line which marks
the separation of the two departments of the Gov-
ernment is here followed. The affairs of the Gov-
ornmentare committed to Congress, fie will give
them such information concerning those afiairs
as may be m his power; and when they shall
have made up their judgment upon them, he will
carry that judgment into execution.
He closes his third annual message in these
words:
" I anticipate with satisfaction the measures of wisdom
which the great interests now committed to i/ou will qive
vou an oppoitumry ol providing,ami myself that of appiov-
mgand carrying into execution with the fidelity I owe to my
country/'
The words you and myself arc italicized by Jef-
ferson, and it is the only instance in all his mes-
sages m which he employed this mode of convey-
ing a nice distinction and special emphasis to his
sentiments.
Again, Jefferson closes ins fourth annual mes-
sage in these words:
<£ Whether the great imeiests of agriculture, manufac-
ture?, eommorce, or navigation, can, within the pale ol'your
eonstituiioihil power.-, be aided in any of their relations :
whether laws^arc provided in ail eases wheie they aie
wanting; whether those provided aie exactly what*they
should be; whethei any abuses take place in their admin-
istration, or in that of the public revenues; whether the or
"animation of the public agent* or of the public force is pei-
lect in all its parts ; in line, whethei anything can be done
to advance tin: general good—are questions within the hauls
<if tiouY functions which will neceshanly occupy youi atten-
tion. In these, and other matters which >ou m youi wis-
dom may propose for the [rood of our country, you may
< ount with as&urance on my ho any cooperation and faithful
execution."
President Madison, instead of charging a great
and respectable body of his fellow-citizens with
want of patriotism, and Congress with keeping
up for years a system of dangerous agitation, as
Buchanan now does, closed his first address thus:
•' The source to v\ inch J look for the .uil> which alone can
•supply my dcncioncie^ is in the well-tried intelligence and
virtue o{ "my 1'ellow-eihzens, and in the counsels ot those
representing them m the other depaitments associated in
the care of the national interest**. In those my confidence
will, under evciy difficulty, be placed."
Again, as the country was about to prepare for
?lie threatened war with Great Britain, he brought
to the consideration of Congress the condition of
the Army and Navy, in the following brief sen-
tence:
" It will rest with the judgment of Congre.-s to dccide
how the change in our external piospect may authorize any
modification of the law.-, relating to the Army and Xaval
establishments."
All through the excitement of 1819 and 1820,
concerning the admission of Missouri and the
establishment of lift? famous compromise, Mr.
Monroe docs not, so far as I have been able to
discover, even mention the subject in his mes-
sages to Congress.
These men, sir, had not forgotten the causes
of the Revolution. The insidious encroachments
of the British King upon the rights of the colo-
nists were fresh in their recollection; and they
had some respect for the wisdom of the framcrs
of the Constitution, whose first great care inlay-
ing the foundations of the Republic was to dis-
tribute the powers of Government among Us sev-
eral departments so clearly and distinctly that the
barriers between them should never be broken
down.
But we have fallen upon evil times. YvTe have
a President now who claims the right not only to
control the action of the Representatives of the
people by the most shameful abuse of executive
patronage, but to prostitute his constitutional in-
tercourse with them to the merest sectional and
partisan purposes. Not a message upon any sub-
ject on which the public sentiment is divided has
comc from his pen, which rises above the clap-
trap that belongs to the arenaof party contests—
to the hustings and the stump. The English lan-
guage does not furnish an instance where more of
partisanship under the plea of patriotism—more
of sophistry under the guise of argument—more
of suppression of truth and perversion of fact,
more of unblushingand barefaced misrepresenta-
tion, than are condensed in those portions of his
messages which relate to Kansas and theLecomp-
ton constitution. Alas, for the infirmities of na-
ture ! alas, for the clearness with which the imbe-
cility of age reflects, as in a mirror, the naked
deformities which, in the hour of their success-
ful career, great bad men are enabled, by cunning
and duplicity, to conceal!
Surely, Mr. Chairman, these lastactsofself-de-
velopment on the part of the President are a work
of supererogation. They were not necessary to
a fair exposition of his character. History was
already prepared to assign him his proper place
among men. The materials,ample and unerring,
were already at hand. The anti-war malediction
upon the administration of James Madison which
signalized his entiance into public life; the facility
with which he has espoused all sides of all public
questions from that time to tins; the part he took
in the election of 1824, embittering for a season,
by his intrigues, the relations of Jackson and
Clay, and earning, m the end, the contempt of
both of them; tho infamous Ostend manifesto—
these and other sufficient materials were already
at hand for tho elucidation of the public character
of James Buchanan. They were mriple for its
truthful portraiture;and theseIastmcoht rent mut-
terings shall only serve to strengthen and fill up
the picture.
i make no apology for speaking plainly of the
official conduct of the President. While 1 have a
proper respect for the elevated station he holds—
while 1 have a becoming reverence fox age, I have
no reverence, 1 have no respect, for him who de-
grades that station to the ignoble uses of sectional
or party interests. The Constitution, recogniz-
ing the necessity of a power somewhere to resist
and rebuke the encroachments of an ambitious or
wicked Execuiive, has lodged that power in this
House; and it is our duty to exercise it whenever,
in our judgment, the public interests require.
Mr. Chairman, all through his messages, from
the beginning to the end, whenever he touches
upon this Kansas question, the President assumes
an air of dictation to Congress. He questions us
patriotism, he insults its intelligence. On every
page, in every line, he exhibits the narrowest par-
tisan prejudices, lauding the wisdom and the hon-
esty of the few who sustain him, and impugning,
in unmeasured terms, the motives of the great
majority of the people in the free States who differ
from him. In the first lines of his special mes-
sage he insolently proclaims that "a great delu-
sion seems to pervade the public mind in relation
to the condition of the parties in Kansas." What
right, sir, has he to charge the people of this coun-
try with delusion upon a great public question,
open alike to the knowledge and judgment of all?
Whence comes his exclusive knowledge of the
truth in regard to the <• condition of parties in
Kansas?*' Surely not from impauial official
sources, for to these he turns a deaf ear, and ins
own Governors are beheaded for daring to tell him
the truth. " The condition of parties in Kansas !"
Where is his warrant in the Constitution or in
the examples of his predccessots, for reading us
a lecture upon the " condition of paitiesr" lie
should be reminded that he sit^ where Washing-
ton sat; that I.is party should be the American
people; his section the American Union.
Again the President says:
{* The dividing hue between pari:^ in Kan.-<a-<i3 between
those who are loyal to the povcuimentand thorje who have
endcavoi ed to destioy us existence by foice and usurpation;
between those who sustain and those who have done all m
their power to ovcrtinow the tcrritoual government estab-
lished by Conure?*. This government they would longsmce
have subvened had it not been protected iioin their assault?
by the uoop.3 of the United St«:tes. Ever since my man
gurauon, a large portion of the people of Kansas have been
in a state of rebellion against the government, with a mili-
tary leader at their head of a most turbulent and dangerous
character. They have never acknowledged, but have con-
stantly renounced and defied, the government to winch they
owe allegiance, and have been ail the time in a state of re-
sistance against its authority. They have all the time been
endeavoring to subvert it and to establish a levolutionaiy
government, under the so-called Topeka constitution, in usj
stead."
For a whole year a rebellion has been going on
in a Territory; and by whom and against whom ?
By the majority against the minority ? It is abun-
dantly shown that the people have been all along
divided in parties, in the proportion of about five
to one; and it is said now that they are as ten to
one. Thus the iegal pro-slavery vote in favor of
the Lecompton constitution, on the 21st of De-
cember, is certified by the President of the Council
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives,
who were present at the canvass, as " not over two
thousand;" while the free-State majority against
the constitution, at the election legally held on the
4th of January, fourteen days afterwards, was ten
thousand and sixty-four. "Now, sir, it is an ex-
traordinary assertion by the President, that four
fifths of a people in this country should be in act-
ive and open rebellion to the other one fifth, and
that for a whole year.
But, sir, the President says the territorial gov-
ernment that has been thus enforced in Kansas,
by the troops of the United States, is a " lawful
government," 5 6 established by Congress," "to
which the people owe allegiance." These three
propositions are all erroneous. The so-called
government was not " lawful*," it was usurped, as
everybody knows, and none better than the Pres-
ident. Usurped authority is not lawful authority.
It may have some of the technical forms of law,
but it lacks the vitality which usurpation cannot
give.
The President says Congress " established "the
territorial government in Kansas. Ybu know,
Mr. Chairman, the President himself knows, that
Congress never established that government. It
is true, they authorized the establishment ofagov-
! ernment there; they pointed out the means and
; forms by which tho people of the Territory were
; authorized to establish a government. Congress
I never established that government, nor did the
! people of Kansas establish that government; nor
did Congress ever authorize Missouriaus, or any
I other invaders, to establish any government over
| the people of Kansas.
The President further says, and he reiterates it
! repeatedly, as though a mere assumption, by its
I repetition, might be made truth, that " Congress
' has recognized that government." Now, sir,
this story about Congress having recognized the
. Missouu usurpation as a lawful government in
I Kansas is all a sheer fabrication. Where, when,
, and how,did Congicss ever recognize that govern-
i mentr The President says "in a variety of
! forms." Will he give us one of the forms? I
! iccollect that this branch of Congress, the direct
! and immediate Representatives of the American
people, distinctly refused to recognize that gov-
ernment, and pronounced it a usurpation, with no
lawful authority whatever. Not only that; but
it passed an act admitting Kansas into tho Union
under the Topeka constitution, which the Presi-
dent pronounces revolutionary and treasonable.
It sent a committee out there to inquire into it,
and that committee reported that the whole thing
was a fraud and crime; that it v/as the work of
an army of four thousand nine hundred men from
Missouri, who went into the Territory, voted, and
returned to their homes in military array, with
j banners flying, with arms, with artiileiy, with all
I the accompaniments of a conquering invasion. It
i passed what was called Dunn's bill, which de-
1 dared the acts of the Territorial Legislature void.
I It repeatedly refused to make any appropriation
| for the expenses of that Legislature, though re-
quested to do so by the Administration. The
i Senate and the House concurred in that refusal,
. and the item for that purpose was stricken out
i from the legislative appropriation bill.
; Now, the President suppresses all this, andde-
i dares, in the face of what everybody knows to
be the truth, that " Congress has in a variety of
j forms recognized that government," conveying
| the impression, by every fair rule of construction,
I that neither branch of Congress ever questioned
I the validity of that usurped Legislature. Sir, the
i national Legislature never recognized the usurpo-
1 tion which was forccd upon the people of Kan-
