2406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
forty-one" in the affirmative—more than one fifth
the numfier present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 25, nays 153; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Bowie,Brayton,Chaffee, John B. Clark,
Comins, Cragm, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
T awos Durfee, Gooch, Hawkins, Horton, Kellogg, Love-
iov, John S. Phelps, Potter, Quitman, Ritchie, epmner,
James A. Stewart, Thayer, Walbndge, Gadvvalader C.
Washburn, and EUiliu B. Washburne—25.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews, Arnold, Atkms, Aveiy, Barksdale, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Bliss, Bonham, Branch, Bryan, ISuffinton,
Burnett, Burroughs, Case, Caskie, Cavanaugh, Chapman,
Ezra Clark, dawson.Clay,Clemens, Cobb, C,ark B. Coch-
rane, John Cochiane, Cockeriii, Colfax, Coming, Covode,
Cox, James Craig, Ciawford, Cuiiy, Curtis, Davidson,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dean, IJimmick,
Dodd, DoWdell,Edie, Edmunds™, Elliott, English, teuton,
•Florence, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gartrell, Grillis, Giluian,
Goode, Goodwill, Granger, Gieenwood, Gregg, Gioesbeck,
Grow, Hailan, Haskin, Hatch, Hill, Hopkins, Houston,
Howard,Hughes, Uuyler,Jackson,JenkinsJewt."
W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Kelsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Lamlv, Luwi ence, Let-
ter, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbm, McQuccn Humphrey
Maishall, Mason, Matteson, Maynaid, Miles, Millson,
Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Isaac N. Morris, Onver A. Moise,
Mott. Murray, Niblack, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, I ettit,
Peyton, Wiliiam W. Phelps, rhill.pi, Pottle, Powell. 1 ur-
viance, Ready, Reagan, Rrilly, Iticaud, Rohbins,
Ruffin, Russell, Savage, Scales, bcott, Sewa">> Aaro"
Shaw, John Sherman, Shorter, singleton, Samuel A. bmitn,
William Smith, Stanton, Stevenson, William S.ewart,
Talbot, Geoige Taylor, Miles Taylor, 1 otnpknni, I uppe,
Underwood, Vallandigham, W ade, Walton, tt .ukius,
White, Window, Wood, Wood->oii, John V. Wright, anil
Zollicolfer— 353.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Pending the vote,
Mr. EDIE stated that he was absent from the
House on Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday last
on account of ill health, and had paired oil for
those days with his colleague, Mr. Leiby.
Second amendment:
In line twentv-six, under the brad of " contingent cx-
penses of the Senate," sink'' out •' one at $1,0h ) and one at
®730," and insert " at $1,0S>0 each, so as to make the
clause read:
Two messengers at ,^1,080 each.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence.
The amendment was concuned in.
Third amendment:
At the end of same paiagiaph strike outthegioss amount
of " $78,584," and insert '■ .^78,91-1.''
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred 111.
Fourth amendment:
Add at the end ofline fi'ty-thiee as lollmvs-
For llic addilional i-ornix'ii-'iilion allowt'd in tin Kvoln
tion of the Senate of the 1 111. oI'Mav.IK* to a m;;;-'"?"
ill the office of the Seeietaiy ol the N'mitc, tin tin. Iw al
year ending the 3U h of June, lt>.V!,
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred tti.
Fifth amendment:
For stationeiy for the fiscal year ending 30th of June,
1854, $5,00!! .
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the stale of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence m this amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
' was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
For miscellaneous items for fiscal yeai ending 30th of
June, lboB, %,-3,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence in this amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
From the following paragiaph strike out the word "sev-
eiitv," and m lieu theieot insert "sixty :
-For binding twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each mraibei and deleg.ia oj the
second session ol the Thuty-i nth Congnss. , - ■ '
Provided, That no greater pi ice shall be paid tor he t-aine
than seventy cents for each volume or pait actually bound
and delivered
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence in that amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I hope that this
amendment of the Senate will be concurred in.
The House divided; and there were—ayes luo,
noes 38.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment: - I
To nay to the reported of the Senate the usual extra
compensation, for the third session of the Tlurty-Fouitil
Congress, $8°° each, .$3,200.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union recommend a
concurrence in that amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on it. . T .
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suggest that, as
the eighth, ninth, and tenth amendments are on
the same subject, the vote be taken on them to-
gfethcr.
Mr. MASON. I object. I understand that one
of these amendments is for the third session,
which lasted only a few days.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will correct the
gentleman. The third session was the last ses-
sion. . .
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The House divided on ordering the yeas and
nays; and there were—ayes 21, noes 113; one
fifth not voting; in the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. X demand tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 84,
noes 68.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
To pav to the reporters of the Senate the u -nal extia com-
pensation tor the first session of the Thirty-Filth Congress,
$800 each, $3,200.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews', Arnold, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Bonham,
Bowie, lliancli, BiaMou, ISuffintoii, Binlingame, Bums,
Buirough,, Case, C.iv.in. ugh, ClnilFoe, Chapman, John I!
Claik, Clawson, Clay, Clemens, Clark B. Cochrane, John
Cochrane, Coming Coming, Covode, Co*, Ciagin, Curtis,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mawichi^ett*, D«vi 
of low,i, Dawes, Dick, Dodd, Duifce, Farn*worth, * lor- |
ence, Foster, Gillis, Oilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Grander,
Greenwood, Grow. Lawrence W. Hall, Hawkins, Horton,
Howard, Kellogg, Kellv, Kilgore, Knapp, Jacob M. K.un-
kel, Latidy, Lovejoy, Maclay. MeKibhui, McQueen, Hum-
phrey Mauhal!, M.itteson, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Fieeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Mm ray,
Nichols, Palmer, Paikor, Pettit, Pevtou, John S. i helps
William W. Phelps Philips, Pike, Potter. Puiviance, Quit-
man, Iticaud, Robbing, Kobeit*, Royee, Scott, Searing, John
Sherman, Judson W. JMuMnun, Robert Smith, bamuel A.
Smith, Simmer, Stanton, William Stewart, rappan, Miles
Taylor, 'Phayer, Thompson, Vallandigham, Wade, y\al-
bruhe, Walton, Cadwal«id<M <-• Washburn, Elhhu B. v\ a-h-
buriic, Imtw'I Washburn, White, Wilson, and Augustus K.
^NAYS—■Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bocock, Bur-
nett, Ca^kic, Ezra Claik, Cobb. Cockcnll, James Craig,
Craw foul, Cmry, Davis of Mississippi, Dean, Dimnnck,
Edie.i'Mmumison. Elliott, English, Foley,Garnett, Gaitiuli,
Goode, Giegs, Uailan, Hill, Hopkins Houston, liugh^,
Jackson, Jfwott. Groige W. Jones. J (ilsttioy Iohps, Law-
rence heirer, Lntchcr, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, May-
naid, Miles, Million, .Moore, Isaac N Morn?, Nibiack,
Pendleton, Powell, Readv, Reagan, Riifliu. Ru^ell, ban- i
dulgc, Scales Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, bin- !
gleton, Stephen^, Talbott, George Taylor, Tompkms,
, Trippe, Underwood, Waldion, Watkms, Woodson, Wor-
I tendyke, John V.Wright, and Zolhcoffer—68.
| So the amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
'• To pay the reporters of the Senate the usual extra com-
pensation, for the second session of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress, $b00 each,
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Sluice out from the elau>e " For the compensation ol
the draughtsman anil clerks employed upon the land inaps,
clerks to committees, and temporary cleiks in the office ol
the Clerk of the House of Representative.-, «ti,«KJ, - the
words " draughtsman and clerks employed upon the land
maps "
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currence in the amendment.*
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays j
upon concurring in the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was deciacd in
the negative—yeas 80, nays 104; as follows:
YEA.S—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Bocock, Bonliam, Boyce, Bianci), Bryan, Burnett, Bur-
roughs, Caskie, Clemens,Cobb, CockeriH, Corning, Ja'"es
Crai^, Crawford, Curry, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dodd, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Farnsworth,
Faulkner, Foley,Gartrell,Greenwood,Gregg, Harlan, Hill,
Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, Ja-
cob M. Kunkel, Leiter, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miller, Millson, Moore,
Morgan, Morrill, Pendleton, Peyton, Phillips, Pottle, Pow-
ell, Q.uitman, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin, Scales, Scott,
Henry M. Shaw, Singleton,William Smith, Stephens, Tal-
bot Miles Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Vallandigham,
Wade Watkins, Window,Woodson, Augustus R. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffor— 80.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Andrews, Arnold, Barksdale, Ben-
nett Bm"ham, Bishop, Blair, Bowie, Biayton. Bulfinton,
Burhn^ame, Bums; Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark,
John 13. Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochiane, John Coch-
rane, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragm, Cuius, Davidson,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts. Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dummck, Durfee, Florence, Fostei,
Gilhs, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch,Goode, Grow, Ii^Y'Jnc'
Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, lla^h• H«iw-
kins, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Hughes, Huyler, J. Glaney
Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg,
Knapp, Lovejoy, Matteson, Isaac N. Aloriis, t iceman H.
Morse Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray. Niblack. Nichols,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, John a. Phelps,Wilham W. Phelps,
Pike. Potter, Iticaud, Robbing Roberts, Royee, Ru^ell,
j Sealing. Sevvaul, Aaron Shaw, Judson W. Sherman, fo.ior-
ter. Sickles, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith., bpmuu,
Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer I
Tompkins, Walhndge, Waldion, Walton, c^alader„^*
Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbuine, Wlnte, Wilson, and
Wortendyke—104. .
So the amendment was non-concurred m.
[Mr. DAVIDSON,from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, here reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 231)
for the relief of Naney Serena; which was there-
upon signed by the Speaker.]
Mr. SICKLES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the eleventh amendment of the Senate was
non-concurred in; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Twelfth amendment;
From the same clause, stiike out the word " seventeen"
ami insert " eight."
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. SICKLES moved to reconsider the last
vote; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Thirteenth amendment:
Inseit the following:
For pioeunng manure, tools, fuel, repairs, purchasing
tiees and shrubs tor botanic garden, to be expenjed uniiel
the dnection of the Libiary Committee of Congress, .5:2,joo.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Insert the following. ....
For pav ofliortii'iilturist and assistants 111 the botanic gar-
den and jreen-houscs, to be expended undei the direction
of the Library Committee of Congress, §>o,121 00.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
Oil the state of theUnion recommend a concurrence.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether these salaries are provided for by
law?
Mr. J. GLANCY .TONES. The salaries grow
incidentally out of the law.
Mr. PETTIT. With the consent of the House, 1
will say to the gentleman from Kentucky that the
compensation of these officers is fixed, under the
authority of law, by the Joint Committee 011 the
Library; and the appropriation is made accord-
ingly.
Mr. MARSHALL, of XCentucky. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Tii^Mt the following-
For ie«!azmg and lepamn? damages to the green-houses
by the hail btoini of June, 1857, .^i ,U41 16.
~ The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state oftheUn ion recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Insert the following: .
To enable the Sectary of State to carry into effect the
act entitled An act for the admission ot Kansas into the
Union,'' §10,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of theUnion recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
