1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
discussion these delicate and distressing topics.
No man could have regretted the occurrence more
than did the unfortunate man himself. None more
than his intimate friends. But, sir, what would
gentlemen demand? The offender submitted him-
self to the laws of his country. He was subjected
to rigorous criminal prosecution, tried and acquit-
ted by a jury of his country, and of course dis-
charged by the court. Would gentlemen require
he should be hung by the court in defiance of the
finding of the jury? But objections are taken to
the opinion of the judge in expounding the law of
the case. I understand the judge ruled the law to
be, " that if, in a case of mutual combat, the jury
believed the circumstances were such as to justify
the prisoner in considering that his own hfe was
in imminent peril, or that he was in danger of
great bodily harm, at the moment when he struck
the fatal blow, the jury would be justified in ren-
dering a verdict of homicide se defendendo." Is
the gentleman prepared to object to this ruling ?
and is he prepared to sustain such objection? I
believe this has been adjudged to be law in most
of the States of this Confederacy—and long, long
years since, was adjudged to be law in Massachu-
setts.
Exception has been taken to the supposed opin-
ions of Judge Crawford touching the abstract,
speculative doctrine of capital punishment; and it
has been objected that his opinions are supposed
to encourage crime within the range of his juris-
diction. I have no knowledge of his speculative
doctrines, and I am not at all authorized to speak
in his behalf; but, in discredit of the alleged ob-
jection, I have been informed that he has always
pronounced judgment of death, when justified by
the finding of the jury; andin one case especially,
when a pardon was granted by President Fill-
more. And, after all, Mr. Chairman, the excep-
tion is founded in a ferocious and blood-thirsty
spirit, demanding the relentless punishment of
death. For myself, sir, I candidly admit I shall
be ever willing that the capital code shall be ad-
ministered in the spiritofhumanity and clemency,
and that its judgments may be tempered with
mercy, as far as public safety will allow. I should
far more admire the mild and gentle glories of a
Hale than the ferocious notoriety of a Jeffreys.
Sir, some gentlemen have alluded to a painful
topic, which I cannot be provoked to discuss.
Even the fierce and bitter spirit of party might be
expected to relent and lo soften when the grave
has closed upon its enemy. Let the green grass
grow around the grave of one who has passed
away from sublunary scenes. Let the sod iemain
untouched by the polluted tread of malice and
revenge. Sir, I refuse to desecrate the sanctuary
of the dead. I refuse to disturb the sanctity of
the grave. Several gentlemen have fiercely min-
gled in this bitter war of party politics. I decline
to follow their example. If they be content with
the exhibition which they have made before the
country, few can have occasion of regret.
And now, sir, in conclusion, I call upon the
House to rise for once superior to the littleness
of party prejudice, and adopt a measure demanded
by the necessity of the times. For myself, sir, I
have perhaps as little personal interest in the sub-
ject as any one member of this body. I am always
safe and secure from violence. Secure in the fact
that I am rarely abroad under circumstances of
exposure. Always secure, and doubly secure
in a firm reliance on myself. Doubly and triply
secure in
"The might which slumbers in a peasant's arm."
ADMISSION OP KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. E. PUGH,
OP OHIO,
In the Senate, April 28, 1858,
[REVISED BY IIIMSELFj*]
On the bill reported from the Committee of Conference for
the admission of Kansas into the Union as a State.
Mr. PUGII said:
Mr. President: I have already stated to the
Senate that, in my judgment, the regular method
of taking a vote on this question, is to wait until
*For the original report, see page 1847 Cong. Globe.
.we receive a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives inclosing the bill itself. Still, I have
no objection to voting to concur in the report of
the committee of conference; because that will be,
as the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
said on day before yesterday, an expression of
my individual opinion. Nor do I mean to say
that, if the Senate should take a different course,
the bill would not be legally passed; for I suppose
we have a" right to prescribe our own forms of
proceeding, although the regular form hitherto
has been to vote on such a report only when the
bill is in our possession. But, sir, as I intend, in
some form and at some time, to give my support
to the proposition submitted by the committee of
conference, I shall nowassign the reasons for that,
in answer to several allegations made by Senators
on this floor, and particularly by the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] who has just taken his
seat.
I shall pass over two considerations in a very
few words. My colleague [Mr. Wade] yester-
day arraigned the course of Senators from the
slaveholdingStates,and imputed sinister motives
to them. I shall engage in no crimination of that
sort. If I believed what my colleague said,if those
were my opinions and sentiments, instead of stand-
ing in the Senate of the United States, to beat the
air and indulge in harsh epithets, I would go home
to the people of Ohio and tell them to take arms
in their hands for the redress of injuries. The
fact that gentlemen restrain all their wrath for ex-
pression in the Senate, satisfies me there is no
great sincerity in their complaints.
So with the Senator from Michigan. If I be-
lieved a thousandth part of what he has said here
to-day; if I believed that a large majority of the
representatives in Congress of the political party
to which I have been attached were scoundrels
and knaves and tricksters, that they would prac-
tice fraud and deceit and outrage; if I believed all
that, or any of it, instead of insisting here, like
the Senator from Michigan, upon my title to
membership in the party, I would walk out of it,
and congratulate myself on the loss of such asso-
ciates.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that I have said nothing of the kind. I have
not said one word about any man in Congress
being a scoundrel; nor have I said one word about
any testbemgapplied to me. I have never touched
that subject, and never mean to do so.
Mr. PUGH. Let us see. The Senator coined
a new word for the occason, not to be found in
our dictionaries, or any book on English gram-
mar: he said this was a " scoundrelly" proposi-
tion; he said it was a trick; he said Congress was
behaving in a trickish manner; he said Congress
was practicing a fraud on the question and the
people. Sir, there is no word of abuse, there is
no harsh adjective or adverb in the English lan-
guage which the Senatorcould apply to this prop-
osition, that he did not apply to it. He slaps us
in the face, but declares that he does not mean to
insult us; lie says to thirty or more of us, acting
from the best lights of our judgments and our con-
sciences, who have determined to give our votes
for this measure, that he imputes nothing per-
sonal to us, but that, nevertheless, in his opinion,
we propose to behave in a fraudulent and dishon-
est manner.
So with the subject of tests. When the Sen-
ator addressed us m December last, and again on
a later occasion, he begged his political friends,
as he called them, for conciliation. After listening
to him, and doing all we felt authorized to do to-
ward conciliating him and those who act with
! him, we yet hear, not alone from him, but from
1 others, and throughout the country, one contin-
ued tirade against an alleged attempt of the Ad-
ministration and the majority of the Democratic
party in both Houses of Congress to establish a
test. I agree with a celebrated gentleman who
styled the Democratic party a free-love associa-
tion. A man can drive himself out from it, but
nobody else can drive him out; and I say again,
whenever it is my opinion that a majority of the
Democratic Senators on this door give their ad-
hesion to a fraudulent proposition, one which in-
cludes villainy and all the acts which base men
commit, I give notice that I shall not wait to be
expelled from the party: I shall go out of it.
I come now to the proposition. Of course ev-
ery bill reported by a committee of conference is
a compromise. Almost every bill which passes
the two Houses of Congress is a compromise.
Each of us cannot obtain what he thinks best; we
must yield in matters of detail; we must surrender,
if necessary, all but the vital principle involved.
So the Senate has acted; and so, I imagine, the
House of Representatives has acted. In my judg-
ment, the best measure would have been the ad-
mission of Kansas into the Union by a bill in the
usual form. That would have silenced all con-
troversies. That would have left the people of
Kansas to settle their own affairs; to revise or
amend theirconstitution, or make a new one when-
ever they chose; have left them to their own pleas-
ure, and clothed with the sovereignty of a State.
We found that could not be accomplished. It was
denied that, when admitted as a State under this
constitution, Kansas could proceed to revise or
amend it; and it was alleged that, after such an
admission, Congress and the President would pre-
vent any amendment. Then we adopted a pro-
vision to the effect-that Congress and the Presi-
dent never should interfere. The bill passed this
body, and went to the House of Representatives.
The House, in lieu of our bill, sent us a proposi-
tion requiring the constitution of Kansas to be
submitted to a direct vote of the people. I have
said to the Senator from Michigan to-day, that J
never will vote for such a bill, whether in the case
of a slaveholding or a non-slaveholding State. I
consider it a gross usurpation of power; a break-
ing down of the barriers which divide the Federal
and State governments; ten times more disastrous
in its consequences to the peace of the country
and to the liberties of the people, than all the civil
wars which have raged in Kansas. This was my
objection to the House bill—my great objection.
I believe it was the objection of those with whom
1 have heretofore acted on this floor.
The House of Representatives adhered to this
proposition. A majority of the House entertained
opinions adverse to our opinions. A committee
of conference was therefore appointed, and we
have now before us the agreement of that com-
mittee. Whatisit? I do not yet understand how
the Senator from Michigan means to interpret the
bill now proposed. If he understands it as sub-
mitting the constitution of Kansas to a vote of the
people by act of Congress, I tell him that such is
not my interpretation at all. We have not the
power to make a constitution for Kansas; we have
not the power to alter one which has been made;
and how, therefore, can we prescribe after the
people have acted, the manner in which theircon-
stitution shall be ratified ? How can we change
the method of its ratification? That is as much
S the act of the people as the constitution itself; and
if Congress should change the method of ratifica-
tion , it would assume the right to make or unmake
the constitution. That, therefore, weeannotdo.
But over what question have we ample and
complete authority? Over the question of ad-
mission. That is our question; it is confided to
us by the Constitution of the Un ited States. And,
consequently, when it was stated, atan early pe-
riod of this debate, that Kansas came hither with
a petition in her hands, I stated truly the prayer
of the petition. Not that we should approve
her constitution, or ratify her constitution, or
amend her constitution. Such was not the peti-
tion. Whatwasit? To be admitted into the Union
as a State: that was her petition—nothing else.
We can grant the petition, or we can refuse it.
We could refuse it without any reference to her
constitution. We may refuse it because she has
not the requisite population. We may refuse it
i because the boundaries proposed are improper.
We may refuse it because the admission of the
Territory as a State would disturb the peace-
able relations of the other States. Why, sir, we
have on your table a proposed constitution for
Utah; and if it were on its face entirely unobjec-
tionable, 1 would not vote to admit that Territory
into the Union as a State. I would vote on that
question wholly regardless of what the consti-
tution contains or omits. I would vote against
Utah because I do not wish to admit into the
Union as a sovereign community those who de-
base themselves to the level of the brutes. I
would reject her without any reference to her con-
