1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
by naval and military force, was the first step in
this great career. But when those tribes became
nations, instructed in the arts of civilization and
skilled in the use of arms—a progress urged on
as necessary to the commerce, aggrandizement,
and defense of England—they would no longer
be held subjected by force, and the whole system
has been changed gradually into that which is in
reality a confederacy, with Great Britain for its
head, and hercrown the symbols-drawing together
the united powers of the whole. Earl Grey de-
scribes the principle of this great revolution as
follows:
" Keeping steadily in vi^w that the welfare and civiliza-
tion of the inhabitants 01' the colonies and the advantage
which the ompne at huge may derive fiotn then piospenty,
are the only objects for which the extension of these de-
pendencies is desnable, and believing also that there can be
no doubt as to the superiority of free government?, to those
of an opposite character, as instruments of promoting the
■"Sidvaneementof communities, m which they can be made to
work with success. I consider it to be the obvious duty and
intcicstof this country to extend lepresentative institutions
to every one of Us dependencies, wiieie they have not been
established, and where tins can be done with safety."
The late rebellion in Canada was the immediate
cause of putting the colonies upon the footing of
the mother country in the freedom of its institu-
tions. The American Revolution had taught a
lesson that was not lost. Lord Grey says;
" The system now established in Canada is that of parlia-
mentary government; that is to say, government by means
of parties. This foim of government is now woiking well
in that and the ne'ghbonng provinces, and is piubably, on
the whole, the best plan hitherto adopted ot enabling a
colony in an advanced stage of us social piogie^, to exer-
cise the privilege of self-government. It may thorofoie be
reguuled as the form which jepiesentativ^ institutions, when
they acquire their full development, are likely to take m j
the British Colonies. j
In pursuance of this plan, when Lord Elgin ;
was sent to Canada to give it practical effect, his j
instructions bore on their face the unqualified de-
claration, that " it cannot be too distinctly acknowl-
edged that it is neither possible nor desirable to carry
on the government of any of the British provinces in
North America in opposition to the opinion of the in-
habitants.3' This was a declaration of independ-
ence by the Government in advancc of that con-
templated by the people, and the consequence
was that the Reformers came into power m the
Canadas, and instead of persisting in the idea of
annexation to the United States, they have be-
come our rivals in progress, and hold their asso-
ciation with the renown and power of England as
conferring advantages over us, from whom they
arc content to ask only a fair field for competition
on tins continent in a reciprocity treaty.
This scheme of securing the allegiance of the
nations Great Britain has in her tiain, by impart-
ing to them the benefit of the fiee institutions she
enjoys, has been caiucd out, in a greater or less
degree, all over the woild. In the West indies,
in defiance of the violent opposition of island aris-
tocracies, (the lords of the soil,) the Government
consulted the greatest good of the greatest num-
ber, and set free all the slaves; and, what was
held to be equally disastrous, it struck off the fet-
ters of monopoly, which, by means of differential
duties, gave the home market to the sugar-planters
without competition. This double act of eman-
cipation, tripled by the repeal of the navigation
act, raised the cry of the pavileged owners every-
where, that ruin was inevitable. Lord Grey shows
the result in figures from the custom-house; and
it appears that, both in the West Indies and East
Indies, comparing five years before with five years
after the act of freedom, the increase of the sugar
crops alone, in the last five years, under free labor
and free competition, was 635,869 cwts. Mr.
D'Israeli, who had been a Tory croaker against
these reforms, afterwards, in a speech in Parlia-
ment, made the amende to -^ord John Russell, who
was their author. After comparing results in de-
tail, he lumps the matter, and says:
In other word-*, British production has increased by
1,£50,000 cwts., and foieign pioduction (that is, slave grown
sugar) has decreased by about60i),0U0 cwts. I may be called
a tiaitor, I may be called a renegade; but X want to know
whether there is any gentleman m this Hou&e, wherever he
may sit, who would recommend a differential duty to prop
up a prostrate industry which is already commanding the
metropolitan market."
The same system of assimilating the provincial
institutions to the British has been pursued in the
cannibal island of New Zealand, and brought to
bear successfully on that warlike and powerful
race, said to be superior to our Shawnees, in bra-
very and intelligence. They have been trained
into stone masons, road builders, farmers, and j
traders, municipal officers, and legislators, by the
elective and representative rights conceded to
them under the instruction and assistance of the
English authority. j
In Australia, once the land of convicts, the ex- j
periment works well. There parliamentary tactics
are plied, and we hear of debates ending in the
expulsion of a ministry who fail to meet the public
expectation. It is now a land of gold, of herds,
of agriculture, of commerce, of busy cities filled
with refinement. Earl Grey tells us that in 1850
a census was taken of one element of this pros-
perity: " Of persons who had originally been pris-
oners, who were actually in the enjoyment either
of entire freedom or that degree of freedom con-
ferred by conditional pardon—the result of the
investigation was to show that of such persons in
these colonies there could not have been less than
forty-eight thousand; and out of this large num-
ber, those who were not, m some way or other,
maintaining themselves honestly, either by their
labor or the property they had acquired, were so
few that they formed a mere fraction of the whole.''
The Secretary goes on to account for this by
-ascribing it to the salutary effect of transplant-
ation; to change of scene, of society and habits,
removal from temptation, and being forced by
necessity to labor where wages were tempting,
in the field or in tending herds, and having the
opportunity to form a new character among a new
people. Another obvious cause of this reform-
ation, well understood m this country, is found
in the ease of acquiring homesteads in the crown
lands of Australia. To promote this, regulations,
were adopted, as Earl Giey expresses it, " with
a view of insuring the distribution of land to those
by whom it was wanted;" since," as he adds,
" there is no such fatal obstacle to the progress
of a colony as having a large proportion of its
lands engrossed by persons who make little use
of the estates they acquired." This was effected
by selling to settlers at the minimum price, and
then providing that " the money received for the
land may be so laid out that the bona fide settler
may receive, in the increased value foroccupalion
of the land he buys, full compensation for the
price he is required to pay for it;" and he adds
that it is " an essential part of the policy which
ought to be pursued with regard to the alienation
of land, that the proceeds of the land sales should
be always so applied as to give this advantage to
the purchaser." This is almost a homestead bill;
for it gives back the price of the land, received in
one hand, by paying it for the improvement of it
with the other hand. ' |
I have diawn thus largely ou Secretary Grey 's
explanation of the colonial policy ot Lord John j
Russell's administration, to point the eye of our 1
Government to the causes of that success which '
is now the wonder of the world. India alone gives ,
trouble; and that, doubtless, is attributable to the
fact, that it has always been m the hands of a !
monopolizing company, which has had the right,
and exerted it, to exclude Englishmen and Eng- •
lish institutions according to its pleasure, out of
the provinces, which have been kept for the com- ■
pany's benefit, in the hands of pensioned Nabobs. 1
Lord Palmcrston has already given notice of a '
bill which probably will place India in the nation s I
keeping.
The position which things are taking on the 1
shores of Central America indicates a rivalry be- |
tween England and the United States, as to the ;
Power which is to exert the command over that ■
region; to people it, civilize it, give it peace; in a
word, make it m some sort a "dependency—the ,
only mode of saving it from barbarism, and from •
becominganuisance. The British Governmenthas '
sent its subjects—free colored persons, Jamaica 1
negroes—into the logwood and mahogany cuttings
in Honduras, and into the Bay Islands, where she
claimed a protectorate. She has restored the latter ;
to the Government on the mam land, stipulating :
that all the rights that make freemen of the people '
of England or m the United States shall be held
under a sacred guarantee. Mr. Buchanan says m '•
his late message, that this security taken for the ;
people of the Bay Islands, is the establishment of j
" a State, at all times subject to British influence j
and control." And how would he pi event it? By ;
stripping off the civil rights the people enjoy, and I
subjecting them to a dictator? He especially ob- j
jects to their having " legislative, executive, and '
judicial officers, elected by themselves; of being"
exempt from the taxing power in every form,**
against the consent of their representatives;" the
performance of military service, except for their
own exclusive defense;" but above all, he holds-
the provision " that slavery shall not at any time
hereafter be permitted to exist therein," to be the-
most obnoxious.
Now I do not believe that the people of the
United States will allow Mr. Buchanan to wage
a war against Great Britain to establish slavery
in the Bay Islands, any more than they will al-
low him to establish it in Kansas by force ofarms.
Nor will they countenance his hostility to free-
dom of religious belief in the Bay Islands; nor
to the elective franchise; nor trial by jury; nor
the right of habeas corpus; nor of voting the taxes
to be imposed on them, and providing exclusively
for their own military defense. It is a scandal to-
the age that an American President objects to the
guarantee of the American bill of rights, to secure
the freedom of any people.
Instead of opposing, I think we should follow
the example of England, and carry to the mair*
land of Central America such of our free colored
population as may be willing to go, upon the in-
vitation of the Liberal party in that country,and
extend our guarantee of freedom over them and
the whole section of country which our Govern-
ment may acquire, by purchase, for their recep-
tion. There is a necessity that some great civil-
ized power should step in, to restore order and
industry, under the guarantee of free and stable in-
stitutions. England tenders the security of her
crown, and the best usages that have ever grown-
up under a crown. We should offer the support
of our Constitution, and the earnest of prosperous-
freedom which it has assured to our northern?
Republic,. Which they would choose, the south-
ern Republics have already evinced, in the forms
they have adopted; and the encroachments of our
transatlantic brethren would never have been at-
tempted, but for the departures manifestedin late
movements from the principles of the founders of
our Government. While Great Britain has been
breaking down slavery and monopoly in the West
Indies, the hand that has been felt from this quar-
ter was that of the liilibustcr. Cuba was ready
to fly to the embraces'of the United States, when,
she was repelled by two successive lawless ex-
peditions, unmistakably marked by the features
of the buccaneers who ravaged that island of
old.
And what have been the concomitants of Gen-
eral Walker's invasion ? A proclamation revok-
ing the constitutional decree deliveringthe greatess
muss of the people from slavery; and the principle
thus manifested was fitly illustrated by military
executions, butcheries in the streets of the cities,
and, lastly, by the conflagration of one of the
oldest. These atrocities had the effect of uniting-
the people of these distracted States, at last, in
one common object—the expulsion of the oppres-
sor. Happily for the fame of our country, the
renewal of this horrible enterprise has been thor-
oughly rebuked by the patriotism, courage, and
decision of Commodore Paulding. The name has
acquired a new luster to emblazon that which it
inherits from the Revolution. If the commo-
dore's acthad the sanction of the Administration
in advance, or shall receive it now, some proof
will be given that it is not altogether degenerate*
and much will have been done to remove from us
the aversion, the want of confidence in the justice
of this Republic, and the fear that it countenance's
a design to fix a yoke on Central America, instead
of rescuing it from usurpation—results to be
hailed as tending to fit our Government for the
relation it should hold towards the Republios of
this continent.
If, on the other hand, the Administration takes
part with Walker and the faction m this country
that support him, it will show to all the world
that the scheme for the propagation of slavery by
the sword, of which it has given strong indica-
tions in Kansas, is extended to the whole regions
of the South. Such a scheme can never succeed
unless the principle avowed as the basis of it, by
Walker, shall prevail. The triumph of " military
rule" over civil institutions in the slave States,
and their separation from the free States, North
and West, must be won as the first stop to con-
quest; and then, as the next step, the whole power
of the free Republics on this side Of the Atlantic,
