1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1383
sasby Atchison, Stringfellow, & Co., in conspir-
acy with the executive authority at Washington.
That the President has recognized it nobody de-
nies. Having aided and abetted in its establish-
ment, of course he was'bound to sanction and
defend it. But he is not Congress; and if a ma-
jority of the Senate concurred with him,they are
not Congress: he and they combined are notCon-
gress. Thank God,the people of this country,
through their local and immediate Representa-
tives, have yet a voice in the Government; and
that voice will only be awakened to clearer utter-
ances and greater power by the attempts of the
Executive to suppress and silence it.
At the election m 1856' there was a majority in
the free States of more than five hundred thou-
sand against the President; and if they could be
polled to-day upon his Kansas policy, that ma-
jority would be swollen to millions. Wine tenths
of the whole people in the non-slaveholding States,
with very many at the South, are opposed to his
attempt to coerce Congress into an indorsement
of this Lecompton swindle. All these men fall
under the ban of his displeasure. His denuncia-
tions apply to them as well as to the people of
Kansas. Sir, he is endeavoring to force a meas-
ure through the national Legislature, not only
against the wishes of the people immediately con-
cerned, but contrary to the public conscience;
contrary to the practice of the Government; con-
trary to the doctrines of the party which elected
him; and contrary to his own solemn pledges.
And all who dare to oppose this scheme are des-
ignated , directly or by implication, as traitors,
rebels, and disturbers of the public peace!
The Piesident says: " Had the whole Lecomp-
ton constitution been submitted to the people,
the adherents of this organization [the free-State
party] would doubtless have voted against it."
This is among the excuses assigned by the Pres-
ident of the United States for not submitting the
fundamental law under which a great people are
to live, for their ratification or rejection ! " They
would vote against it." Why, sir, with all def-
erence to the logic of his Excellency, it seems to
me that is the very reason why it should have
been submitted; for if the people would vote for
it, and none against it, there could be no practical
necessity for submitting it at all. The object of
referring a law or a constitution to the people, is
to enable them to reject it if they disapprove of it.
But this is the best reason the President could
give. It is the only one anybody has given. It is
the one which induced the bogus Legislature to
refuse, when called upon by Governor Geary to
do so, to direct its convention to submit it. It is
the only one given by the convention itself, not-
withstanding many of them pledged themselves
to the people before their election that they would
submit it. And now we have the same reason
assigned by the President. It was the only way
to consummate the original fraud, and he must
not falter in devising and defending the necessary
means for its filial triumph. He therefore inquires
whether it was not " the right, as well as the duty,
of the law-abiding people to adopt the necessary
measures to establish a constitution There,
sir, you have it all. The minority could notestab-
. lish a constitution in any other way, and therefore
it was their "right and duty" to do it in this
way!
" Law abiding people !" In what compliment-
ary terms the President speaks of his friends in
Kansas! For Robinson, for Lane, for Walker,
for Reeder, traitors, rebels, usurpers,are the ap-
pellations the President furnishes. For Jones,
for Stringfellow, for Jack Henderson, for Cal-
houn, and their confederates—murderers, forg-
ers, ballot-box stuffers—scoundrels of various
degrees, most of them fugitives from justice—
many of them with executive commissions still
m their pockets—for these gentlemen he has a
choicer vocabulary; they are preeminently the
•'law-abiding people," who were justifiable in
taking a snap-judgment against, the majority, lest
they should refuse to sanction their usurpation!
This is the logic, the justice; this is the morality,
the democracy; this is the popular sovereignty
which commends itself to the favor and conscience
of his Excellency!
The President sustains his charge of rebellion
against the people of Kansas as follows;
The enemies of the tenitonal government determined
Kiiii to re.-kt the authority of Congiess. Tliey refused to
vote for delegates to tile convention, because they had pre-
determined, at all hazards, to defeat the establishment of
any other constitution than that which they had framed at
Topeka."
Mr. Chairman, I never before heard that a
refusal to vote was resistance of authority, or
rebellion, or treason. I supposed people in this
country had aright to vote or not, as they pleased.
But the people of Kansas did not refuse to vote
for the reasons given by the President, but for
others, which I shall presently refer to. One was,
however—and it was sufficient—that, they knew
if they tried to vote they would be cheated out
of the election, and then be charged with having
waived, by their participation in it, their objec-
tions to the original usurpation and its conse-
quences. But suppose they had voted and elect-
ed, as the President intimates they might have
done, a majorify of the convention: could they
not, through their convention, still have adhered
to their Topeka constitution.> So that, whether
they staid away from the election, or voted and
carried it, they were still, according to the Pres-
ident, resisting the authority of Congress !
Sir, it has been impossible for tKem to satisfy
the President. They found no difficulty in con-
ciliating the Governors he and his predecessor
sentto them. Those gentlemen discovered in that
people something besides treason and rebellion.
The President can see nothing else. What they
do he blames them for; what they do not do he
blames them for. Throughout all these proceed-
ings in Kansas, ho has seen nothing in the con-
duct of the free-State people to approve, nothing
in the pro-slavery to condemn. In 1856, his
friends proclaimed all over the North and the
West that, if elected, he would make Kansas a
free State. Pierce, they said, had been unfair—
he was playing for a renommation. Buchanan
had pledged himself not to take a reelection, and
they believed he would repair the errors of his
predecessor, and adopt such measures as would
restore to the free-State majority in Kansas their
rights and their supremacy. The appointment of
Geary, and his early attempt to secure the sub-
mission of the constitution to the popular vote,
were exultingly pointed to as conclusive proof of
this. The intimation in the President's inaugural
that the people should vote on their constitution,
his instructions to Walker to that end, and Walk-
er 'spledges to the people to the same effect, seemed
to justify this claim. But the moment these con-
cessions on the part of the President began to ex-
cite opposition among his southern supporters,
how suddenly they were arrested ! Geary was
called home in disgrace; Walker was censured
and compelled to resign; Stanton was summarily
removed, and the reign of terror, under the dicta-
tor Calhoun, was again established m the Terri-
tory.
1 come back to the President's message:
" Should Congiess reject the constitution under the idea
of affonhng tlio disaffected in Kansas a third opportunity
of prohibitmgslavery in tile State, no man can foretelithe
consequences."
Now, why should worse consequences ensue
from the third opportunity than from the second?
The people are now declared by all your Gov-
ernors to be nearly unanimous in favor of exclud-
ing slavery. The whole country is adopting
this conviction. The charge that the free-State
men only went there from New England to vote,
and then return, is exploded. Most of those who
could give the people further trouble, have dis-
appeared from amongst them. The very dele-
gates—most, if not all, of them—who framed tkis
constitution, are out of the way; some have re-
turned to their homes in Missouri—some have
succumbed to delirium tremens—some have es- I
caped to the Federal capital, seeking, under the j
roof of the President, that immunity for crime ;
which is denied them at home. Nothing hut the ;
Army of the United States remains to plague j
that people.
The President warns us against this "danger- ■
ous agitation" in the Halls of Congress, and in j
the country. Sir, there is no agitation save what j
lie and his policy have caused. Would he stop
it, let him first arrest his career of usurpation and j
wrong. The American people have a right to <
discuss and to agitate; all free people do agitate; j
and when the time comes that the freemen of this !
Republic, or their Representatives, shall cease to |
discuss public affairs, or to question the wisdom |
of the Exocutivc, then should these Halls be 1
turned into barracks; the Revolution, the Consti-
tution, the records, the rich and glorious memo-
ries of the past, all, all should be forgotten; for
then will the night of despotism have gathered
over the land.
What are the lessons of jiistory? Prom the
time the world began, the necessity of suppress-
ing agitation and quieting the turbulence of the
people has furnished the pretexts for tyranny and
usurpation. " Alarming discussion intheHouBe
of Commons," cried the Stuarts when they
trampled oil the magna charta of England; " un-
seemly agitation in the Senate," whispered the
Roman consul, as he clutched the scepter of em-
pire; '• turbulent discussions in the National As-
sembly," exclaimed the twoNapoleons, the First
Consul and the President, as they slid into the im-
perial throne.
Sir, this agitation which the President depre-
cates is the inevitable consequence of the very act
he so loudly applauds. As if he knew this were
so, he volunteers its denial in advance, in the fol-
lowing remarkable 1
" Every patriot in the country had indulged the hope that
the Kansas and Nebraska act would pat a final end to the
slavery agitation, at least in Congress, which had for more
than twenty years, convulsed the country and endangered
the Union."
Now, everybody knows that directly the re-
verse of this is true. You, sir, remember the
men—I will call them patriots, though I incur the
contradiction of his' Excellency—you remember
the distinguished gentlemen whose services iri the
field and in the Cabinet have been acknowledged
by their countrymen; you remember the patriots
who, on this floor and on the floor of the Senate,
denounced that act as a Pandora's box, from
which would fly all over the land the elements of
discord and strife. They " hoped it would be the
final end of the slavery agitatioii?" They called
their country and their God to witness that it
would prove the beginning of that agitation, and
that they washed their hands of its responsibil-
ity. The South not less than the North. In what
bitter, burning words of execration did the distin-
guished statesman from Missouri, then a Repre-
sentative, formerly a Senator, always a pure
patriot and an honest man, denounce it as a delu-
sion and a snare; as an outrage upon the North,
as a dishonor to the South; as a violation of her
plighted faith; as the price of perfidy with which
demagogues were pressing her palm.- What said
the distinguished Senator from Tennessee; what
the gallant Senator from Texas? "If this bill
passes, depend upon it, there will be a tremendous
shock. It will convulse the country from Maine
to the Rio Grande. Wo shall have seen the com-
mencement of the agitation, but the youngest child
now born willnotlive to witness its termination."
Such was the warning, such was the prediction
heard everywhere outside the circle of political
tradesmen and party hucksters.
Hardly a man of the North, in Congress or out
of it, could be found at first to support it. Even
the venerable Senator from Michigan, now Sec-
retary of State, who, six years before, had laid
the foundation of the steps which led to its con-
summation, gave it an unwilling support, pro-
nouncing it inexpedient and unwise; and he has
since designated as "disgraceful to the age," a
code of laws winch was among the first of its legit-
imate fruits. Where, then, does the President
1 find his authority for saying that every patriot in
i the country hoped it would "settle" the slavery
j agitation! Sir, it settled nothing; it unsettled
I everything. It unsettled the time-honored policy
i of the country respecting the Government of the
I nationaldomain. It unsettled the "finality "which
i it was claimed the compromises of 1850 had estab-
I lisbed. It unsettled the obligations of compacts
between different sections of the country. It has
unsettled the foundations of southern chivalry,
and destroyed forever ail confidence in its faith
or honor. It has unsettled the political boundaries
of parties, displacing them with sectional and geo-
graphical lines. It. has unsettled the confidence
of the American people in the impartial integrity
of their highest judicial tribunal.
Mr. Chairman, African slavery was early a
source of anxiety to American statesmen. In
various records before the Revolution, in the draft
of the Declaration of Independence itself, it was
enumerated among the wrongs inflicted on the col-
onies by the mother country, which justified the
