298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
and the hostile feeling, if not the direct force of I
Europe, must be encountered. The connection '
of the Atchison-ICansas conspiracy with that of
Walker's against Central Ameiica is visible in
the instruments who put them in motion. The
same men, North and South, encourage both.
Funds were raised for them in the same quarters;
and such men as Colonel Titus are seen to emerge
at one time-in Kansas, at another in Nicaragua.
The masses of the people nor theirelevated states-
men, neither of the North nor South, of the East
or West, not even the great body of the slave-
owners, have any heart in the propagation of
slavery. Apart from the politicians who use the
question for their own advancement, the design
has no support but in the enemies of the Union,
who hate free government from the bitterness of
their hearts, or from a vanity they would dignify
as aristocratic pride.
In my opinion, the propagation of slavery can
only be successfully resisted by the propagation
of freedom. It is this mission, arrogated by Great
Britain as peculiarly hers, which has conferred on
her the preponderance she holds in almost every
portion of the earth. She has swayed it with an
iron hand, but everywhere of late years Anglo-
Saxon justice, civilization, and Christianity,
wherever they prevailed, have allowed every
man to feel the comfort of laboring for himself,
and he has labored all the better for his country.
Great Britain has her hands full in christian-
izing, civilizing, and improving, for commercial
usefulness", the old continents. She must leave
to us the regeneration of the new one; and this I
find, from a"papcr m a late Westminster Review,
marked by the editor w ith an unusual notification
ascribing it to " an able, and distinguished ctntiib-
ulurseems to be the opinion of some of the
great men of England, This eloquent writer, de-
scribing the missions of what he calls " the four
Empires," Russia, France, Great Britain, and
the United States, assigns us office to the latter
in the following passage:
" And it may once for all he assumed that the human race,
wbatevei Cabinets or Patluunents may think of it, will not
be dnven fiom iheir inevitable course. The woik which
h:i  begun -o hugely will go torwaid The Aroaiie inde
pendent e winch siuvives will nairow down and giow fee-
bler, and at U\>t die. The will and the intellect of the more
advanced races will rul<) in due lime over that whole con-
tinent. The genim of France will follow the ,-hore< of the
Medneiranean ; the line of kingdom* wind) dmde-s the
emptier of England and Ru->mu will giow thinner, till then
frontier's touch. In spite of L'lajton Bulwer treaties and
Dallas Clarendon interpretation:-of them, ihe United Unites
will stiotch their shadow ever lurtht-r i-outh. Revolution
will ccitso to tear the empire of JMome/.uma. The Jailing
Republics of Central Ainenea will not foiever hea tempta-
tion, by their weakness, to the attack* ot lawless rutlians.
Tile valley of the mighty Amazon, winch would grow corn
enough to feed a thousand million months, must fall at hM
to those who will force u to yield its treasures. The ships
which carry the eommeice of Ameiica into the Pacific,eat ly,
too, American justice and Ameucan cannon as the pieach-
ers of it The. Emperor of Japan supposed, that hv Divine
right, doing as he would Willi Ins own, he might close his
country against his kind ; thai when vev-els m distress weie
driven into his port, he might seize th«'ii crew- as -laves,
or kill them as unlicensed trespasser*. An aimed >quad-
ron, with the star-spangled bannei iiyintr, found its way into
the Japan wateis, and Ins Miiene Majestj was m>tiucted
that in nature's statute-hook there is no right cont'd red on
any man to act unrighteously, because it is Ins pleasure ;
that, in their own mne. and by then own mean*, the upper
powers will compel him, whether he pleases or not, to
briny Ins customs into confoinuiy with wiser usage."
The starting-point in this new career is the re-
sumption of the progress which icceivcd its im-
pulse in the revolution tending to the deliverance
of the white laboring class of this country from
the superincumbent weight of African slavery.
This redemption of our own race from its vassal-
age under slavery has been brought to a stand-
still, and six millions of our free white kindled
endure deprivation, corpoieal and intellectual,
from the slave occupation of the soil and of the
pursuits which would odd to their means of living
and theii &omces of mental improvement. Nei-
ther the slave owners, nor the slave States, are
responsible for the arrest of the enfranchisement
which promised blessings to the toilers of both
races. For, whether as a slave or free man, the
presence of multitudes of the black race is found
to be fatal to the interests of our race; their antag-
onism is as strong as that of oil and water, and
so long as no convenient outlet, through which
the manumitted slave can reach a congenial cli-
mate and country willing to receive him, is af-
forded,the institution of slavery stands on com-
pulsion. But let me suppose Central America—
tempting in gold and every production of the trop-
ical soil to stimulate exertion, with a climate in-
noxious only to the black man—were opened up
to him, under ciicurustances to advance him in
the scale of humanity, how long before masters
in all the temperate slave States would make com-
positions to liberate them on terms that would in-
demnify them for transplantation ? Hundreds of
more benevolent owners would, from a sense of
public good and for conscience sake, by wills, or
by deeds of emancipation,makethis deliverance,
if the General Government would take the charge
of the deportation to the region it might acquire
for them—a gradual and voluntary emancipation
by individuals, if not by States, would thus in
time be accomplished. I hold that it is the duty
of the nation to offer this boon to slaveholders and
to the slave States to enable them to have complete
control of the subject, which is the source of so
much anxiety and mischief to them.
What a change would soon be wrought in the
condition of Maryland and Virginia, Tennessee
and Kentucky, and in my own State, Missouri,
if a smooth way were opened into the heart of
the tropics—prodigal of wealth in the soil, in the
mines, and in the forests; where the labor of the
robust and skillful freedman, assisted by the cap-
ital and instruction, and inspired by the energy
of enterprising1 American merchants, miners, or
planters, would start everything into life. The
mixed condition of the four different classes which,
in our grain-growing States, obstruct cach other;
the masters dependent on the slaves, the slaves on
their masters; the free negroes hanging on the
skirts of both; while the great mass, the free white
laborers, are cast out, in a great measure, from em-
ployment and all ownership in the soil, would be
succeeded by the most useful of all the tilleis of the
earth, small freeholders and an independent ten-
antry. The influx of immigrants from Europe
and the North, with moderate capital already run-
ning into Maryland and Virginia, would, as these
States sloughed the black skin, fill up the rich
icgion around the Chesapeake bay, the noblest
bay in the woild,fed by the most beautiful rivers,
and brooded over by the most genial climate, and
make it fulfill the pi ediction of Washington, who
said, slave i y abolished, it would become " the gar-
den of America." The wilderness shores of the
great inland sea, now almost as silent as in the
days of Powhatan, would be alive with popula-
tion; and the waters, now covered with swans,
wild geese, and wild ducks, would be covered with
sails and kept in commotion by the rush of steam-
ers over them. The great livers that run to waste
over many latitudes of the healthful temperate zone
would thunder with machinery, and the little Mer-
rimac in Massachusetts, which, though frozen half
the year, produces ninety million*, of manufac-
tures, would find more than a hundred rivals 111
giant streams which are precipitated in the Chesa-
peake. The mountains would give to the hand of
free labor boundless wealth in coal,salt, and ores,
and their surface in pasturing innumerable herds
and flocks. The plains and valleys would teem
with gram, the lowlands with meadow, and the
Old Dominion, instead of being " the lone mother
of dead empires," would resume her hereditary
crown and nascent strength, imparting new
growth to all her oflspiing States. The noble
ambition which once led the way to preeminence
in this great Confederacy must again be attained
by a love of liberty, by love of justice, by a mag-
nanimous patriotism, prompt to make any sacri-
fice of temporary convenience for the great moral
and political principles, the foundation of free in-
stitutions. The attempt to enforce slavery in
Kansas and Central America by the sword, and
thus make the whole intermediate space on the
continent fall under its ascendency, will fail.
There is no Mohammed to establish such a do-
minion, nor is this age—the age of Christian
strength and popular power—one to succumb to
slavery propagandist prophets. Indeed, the Mos-
lems all over the world have fallen so low, under
the influence of this part of their creed, that they
are obliged to surrender, and take the law from
the accursed nations they stigmatize as Franks.
The civilized world is at war with the propagation
of slavery, whether by fraud or by the sword;
and those who look to gain political ascendency
on this continent by bringing the weight of this
system., like an enormous yoke, not to subject the
slaves only, but also their fellow-citizens and
kindred of the same blood, have made false augu-
ries of the signs of the times.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Bocock temporarily
in the chair.) The time fixed by the House for
close of general debate having arrived, no further
debate is in order.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask permission of the Com-
mittee to have printed the remainder of my re-
marks.
The permission was granted.
The resolution offered by Mr. J.Glancy Jones,
as modified by him, was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That so much of said message arid accom-
panying documents as relates to a uniform bankrupt law ;
and that so much of the President's annual message as re-
lates to the duties of an independent State m its relations
with the members of the great family of nations, to retrain
its people from acts of hostile aggression against their citi-
zens or subjects; and so much as relates to the present neu-
trality law of the 20th of April, 1818; to the fitting out within
the limits uf oui country of lawless expeditions against some
of the Central American States ; to the instiuciions i>sued
to the marshals and distucr attorneys, and to the appropriate
Army and Navy officers, together with the President's rec-
ommendation tiiat we should adopt such measuies as> will
be effective in restraining our citizen®! from committing such
outrages, be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
who are hereby requued to inquire into and report upon the
expediency of the repeal or modification of said act ofSOth
of Apt J, 1818. with power to report by bill or otherwise.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. That is the
original resolution as modified. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] moved to amend
the resolu tion by inserting after the words " bank-
rupt law," the words "be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary," and by striking out all
after the word outrages," and inserting in lieu
theieof, " be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs." The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Thayer] offered the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
And alio, that said committee report, so far as they may
be able, the present social and political condition of the peo-
ple of Nicaragua, and whethei they invite colonies from the
United States to settle among them ; also, whether the soil,
climate, and other natural advantages of that country are
such as to encourage emigiauon thither from the northern
States of this Confederacy.
Mr. THAYER. I ask leave to modify my
amendment by sinking out the word" northern."
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. As no vote
has been taken on the amendment, the gentleman
hao the right to modify it.
The amendment was so modified.
The question was then taken on Mr. Thayer's
amendment as modified; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 72, noes 77.
Mr. GROW called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Grow and
Keitt were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 82, noes 97.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
And that said committee also report to the House a joint
resolution tendeung the thank-, ot Congress to Commodore
Hnam Paulding for his patriotic and -pirited conduct in the
capture ot William Walker and his follower-?, on the coast
of Nicaragua, and their return to the United States.
Mr. Chairman, I do not offer that amendment
as the foundation for a speech.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
That amendments notgermane to the resolutions
before the committee.
Mr, STANTON. Certainly it is.
Mr. READY. I hope the gontl cman from Vir-
ginia will withdraw his question of order. I want
a vote upon the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir, I do not withdraw
the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The Chair
must say that the point of order raised by the
gentleman from Virginfa is well taken. There is
nothing in the President's annual message that
relates to Commodore Paulding or to General
Walker.
Mr. STANTON. I think the Chair is mis-
taken; and if the Chair will allow me to say a
word on the point of order, I will show that the
amendment is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman to
order. If he is not satisfied with the ruling of
the Chair, let him take an appeal.
Mr. STANTON. Then I will take an appeal
if the gentleman desires it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that the appeal is not debatable.
