346
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 28,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
stitution. The right of admission, or the power
of admission, is reposed in Congress. It is a
power not to be abused. It is a power to be used
rightly, to be used with due discretion; and there-
fore, although I claim it as an absolute power re-
posed in us,-1 agree that to establish any test of
discrimination between the States already in the
Union, would be a gross abuse and outrage. At
the formation of the Federal Constitution, some
of the States were slaveholding and some non-
slaveholding States; and I believe that to reject
a new State because she is either a slaveholdtng
or non-slaveholding State, would be to abuse the
power vested in Congress by the Constitution.
This, however, is not alone my distinction. It
is the distinction of the Senator from Michigan
himself. I have before me an interesting docu-
ment—" Speech of Hon. C. E. Stuart, of Michi-
gan, on Kansas affairs, delivered in the Senate of
the United States, December 23, 1857," from
which I propose to read a paragraph:
" The power of Congress to admit States into the Union is
the question which, m my judgineut, lies at the very found-
ation of this discussion. The Constitution of the United
States, in the third section of the fourth article, provides
that * new States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union.' The only limitations to the exercise of the power
are found in the language that follows: 1 but no new State
shall he formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any
other State, nor any State be formed by the junction of
two or more States, or parts of States, without the conscnt
of the Legislatures of the States concerned, as well as of
the Congress.' It was well said by Mr. Attorney General
Butler, in the Arkansas case, that the power of Congress
over this question is plenary. From the very nature of
the question, it must be. It is subject only to the limita-
tions provided in that article ; and whenever a question is
presented as to the admission of a State into this Union, it
must necessarily be determined by the circumstances which
surround and govern that particular case. Why, sir, it is a
power which authorizes the admission of foreign States, as
well as those carved out of our own dominion ; and this
single statement will show to the mind of any gentleman,
at a glance, that precedents, former laws of Oongiess, never
can, and never ought to he, resorted to for the purpose of
determining the power or the propriety in aparucularca.se.
I use the term ' propriety' with a purpose. The power to
admit a State necessarily carries with it the power to decline
to admit; and when I hear gentlemen talking about the ne-
cessity, the impci ions obligation that rests upon Congress
to admit a State under a particular specified set of circum-
stances, I confess, sir, it is a doctrine that is not in accoid-
ance with my views of the Constitution. It may be very
proper, for instance, to refuse to admit a State to day, and
it may be quite thereverse.one year from to-day. Congress,
and Congress alone, under the power conferred upon it by
the Constitution, is to determine, not only the question
whether a State shall be admitted at all, but it is equally
clothed with authority to determine when it shall be admit-
ted."
Here is another paragraph:
"The power of Congress is to 'admit'a State into the
Union, not to coerce it. Congress would be but the veriest
tyrant that ever existed on the face of the globe if it had a
power to coerce a Slate into the Union contrary to the will
of the people comprising that State. It lies, then, at the
foundation of the question, as it does at the foundation of
personal liberty, that Congress shall be satisfied—satisfied
beyond a reasonable dispute—that the people compo>ing
the State ask to be admitted. It should never be foigotten
that it is a mere consent on our part—nothing more. The
State proposes admission and Congress gives its consent."
Not a word about the constitution of the pro-
posed State from the beginning to the end of that.
Vet another paragraph from the same speech:
"That we have the power to admit, or refuse to admit, a
State, according to our sound discretion, cannot he denied.
Having that power, if there be a doubt as to whether you
are proposing to admit a State into the Union, or to coeice
it into the Union; nothing can be Io«t by taking tune to ask
the people in a plain, safe, unmistakable manner, whether
they desire it or not. The people of a Territory, which is
aboutto be formed uitoa Stale.have a light—and,so far as
my examination has gone, Congress has never violated tin's
right—to say, in the first place, whether they desire to foim
a State Constitution now, or not. They have a right to say
whether they will take upon themselves the burdens and ex-
penses of a State government. Where Congress has passed
enabling acts, as in the cases of Ohio, Indiana, and other
States, and in the celebrated Toombs bill, which lias been
so much talked of, an express provision was incorporated,
that when the convention was assembled, it should vote, in
the first instance, whether it is expedient and proper to pro-
ceed to form a State constitution at this time. The people
of Kansas have never had a chance to say this, and although
they might say ' we are willing to live under this Lecomp-
ton con.sutution, when we get ready to be a State; we are
not ready to become a State now.' That is a right, a sacred
and inviolable right, which belongs to the people of a Ter-
ritory when they are invited to become a State."
Now, that is my opinion. It was so before the
Senator spoke, and he aided to fasten conviction
upon my mind. I have already said that we pass
no judgment upon the constitution of Kansas ex-
cept to declare that it is republican in form. Our
act is the admission of the State;'and we could
admither without any constitution if she had only
a form of government in actual operation. What,
did the Senator affirm to be our duty in the case?
He said if there was any dispute as to the desire
of the people of Kansas to be admitted into the
Union, to be admitted now, it was our duty to re-
fer that question—the question of admission—to
a plain, safe, unmistakable manner of decision by
the people of Kansas themselves. The commit-
tee of conference, therefore, has answered the
Senator's own demand when hespoke'on the 23d
of December last. The question of fact disputed,
the only question is, whether the people of Kan-
sas desire to be admitted now. That is the ques-
tion referred to them by this bill.
In a very able argument delivered by one of my
colleagues in the other House, [Mr. Groesbeck,]
it was suggested that the people of Kansas might
have been desirous, in June last, to come into the
Union, but still had a right to change their opin-
ions and vote otherwise. He said that, as they
had a right to present us a petition, they had a
right to withdraw it at any time before acceptance.
Well, sir, 1 concur in that. Admission is the
act of both parties. They must ask, and we are
to grant. And when we were about to grant, the
Senator from Michigan said we ought to be sure
that the people desired admission now. He ex-
pressed it as strongly as I have said. He declared
that although the people might say, " we are will-
ing to live under this Lecompton constitution
when we get ready to be a State," they had also
a right to say, " we are not ready to become a
State now." The House bill proceeds on the
same idea. It provides that when a new conven-
tion shall be assembled in Kansas, the first ques-
tion decided shall be whether they will come into
the Union at that time. Let me read it:
" When so assembled, the convention shall first determine
by a vote whether it is the wish of the proposed State to be
admitted into the Union at that time; and if so, shall pro-
ceed to form a constitution, and take all necessary &teps for
the establishment of a State government," &c.
I relate this to show that the question of admis-
sion has no necessary connection, so far as Con-
gress is concerned, with the constitution of the
State, and to show that the Senator from Michi-
gan himself drew the distinction; that he insisted
upon it; that it expressed the burden of his ob-
jection to the Senate bill.
The constitution of Kansas had been formed
when she applied for admission. In the case
of an enabling act that specifics the terms of ad-
mission before the constitution is made; but, in
the present case, the constitution was first made.
The constitution was brought to us, and the Sen-
ator, by the terms of his argument, acknowledged
that the constitution might be perfectly accepta-
ble, and yet the people of Kansas might not desire
to be admitted; and, therefore, he insisted, and 1
agreed with him, that the question of admitting
the State was a proper one for Congress, and to-
tally different from the question of referring the
constitution to the people for ratification.
Now, I say the bill reported by the committee
of conference is a bill to ascertain, in a plain and
unmistakable manner,according to the Senator's
own demand, whether the people of Kansas de-
sire to come into the Union now. I read from the
first part of its first section:
That the question ofadnnssion, with the following prop-
ositions in lieu of the ordinance trained at Lecompton, be
submitted to a vote of the people of Kansas, and assented
to by them, or a majoi ity of the voters, voting at an election
to be held for that puipose."
That the question of admission be submitted to
the people of Kansas. Again, let me read in ref-
erence to the vote upon this question:
" At the said election the voting shall be by ballot, and by
indorsing on his ballot, as each voter may please, * proposi-
tion accepted,' or{ proposition rejected.' Should a major-
ity of the votes-cast be for {proposition accepted,' the Pres-
ident of the United States, as soon as the fact is duly made
known to him, shall announce the same by proclamation,
and thereafter and without any further proceedings on the
part of Congress, the admission of the State of Kansas into
the Union upon an equal footing with the original States in
all respects whatever, shall be complete and absolute."
And again:
" But should a majority of the votes cast be for < propo-
sition rejected,' it shall be deemed and held that the people
of Kansas do not desire admission into the Union with said
constitution under the conditions set forth in said proposi-
tion, and in that event the people of said Territory are hereby
authorized and empowered to form for themselves a consti-
tution and State government."
So in reference to the convention to be called
hereafter under the conference bill. That conven-
tion when assembled, is first to determine by a
vote whether it is the wish of the people of Kan-
sas to be admitted into the Union at that time. So
in the preamble:
" Whereas, The said constitution and ordinance have
been presented to Congress by order of said convention,
and admission of said Territory into the Union thereon, as
a Stale, requested ; and whereas, said ordinance is not ac-
ceptable to Congress, and it is desirable to ascertain whether
the people of Kansas concur m the changes in said ordi-
nance hereinafter stated, and desire admission into tho
Union as a State as herein proposed."
The bill provides no submission of the consti-
tution—no submission of any part of it. We have
no power to submit it; but we have the right to
pass on the question of admission, and without
any reference to the constitution, as the Senator
himself has claimed. Inasmuch, therefore, as it
is denied, as the Senator has denied, that the peo-
ple of Kansas desire to be admitted now, we remit
that question, and that only, to a vote of the peo-
ple of Kansas. To be sure, the question of ad-
mission thus submitted will necessarily involve,
in the mind of every voter, the question whether
he approves or disapproves the constitution. No-
body can object to that. I never heard a man in
this Congress, who objected to the people of Kan-
sas voting for or against their own constitution,
if they wished; but our ground was, that, speaking
by their representatives in the Legislature, in the
passage of the convention act, and by their dele-
gates in convention, elected by themselves, the
people had forborne to vote upon any part of the
constitution except the seventh article. We said
that was the expressed will of the people through
all their representatives in the Legislature, and
in the convention, and that we could not alter it;
that if these delegates or representatives had not
truly expressed the will of the people, it was un-
fortunate, but that we could apply no remedy,
because we had no power. We never objected—
certainly-, at least, I never did, for a moment—to
any claim that the people should have a right to
vote for or against their constitution. We denied
that Congress had the power to require it. That
was our position, and it is so plain that he who
runs may read.
Although we cannot, and do not, remit the consti-
tution to a vote of the people, because that would
be to violate itsownterms,I never heard it denied,
that, in voting upon the question of admission,
which we had a right to remit,they might, or might
not, be governed oy the terms of the constitution
itself. That is their own question; that is not our
question;and, therefore,it is no objection that they
can themselves, if they choose, pass upon the
whole of their constitution, whilst voting upon a
question which we have the power to submit.
That is the reason why I declare this bill a fair
and honest compromise between the Senate bill
and the House bill; preserving what is essential
in each, the Senate declaring that Congress has no
power to remit the constitution to a direct vote,
and the House of Representatives insisting that
the people ought to be enabled to vote for, or
against it, in some form. By the bill now before
us the people can have that advantage, although
we do not submit the constitution to them in terms.
We give them the right to vote whether they will
be admitted or not. I say, then, this proposition,
while it avoids a great constitutional objection to
the House bill, contains all that is material in it.
Nor is the question relative to the grants of
public land more than one element, and that very
insignificant, in the question actually submitted.
We reject the ordinance passed at Lecompton,
November 7,1857; we might have left the matter
thus, and admitted the State, retaining all the
public lands, and allowing her, when admitted, to
assert her power of taxation over them. I say
we might have done that, and we did it in the Sen-
ate bill. But here we have proposed, not a bribe
of any sort, but the usual grants in the case of
every new State—the same which were made to
Minnesota—as a mere incident, a collateral ele-
ment in the question of admission. That, how-
ever, as my colleague has said, is no part of the
controversy; and so says the Senator from Mich-
igan. Well, if it be no part of the controversy,
it will exercise no influence in determining the
question. I agree to that. It is wholly imma-
terial. Wherefore, then, do these Senators de-
