1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
separation. Our independence achieved, steps
were immediately taken to abolish it. Virginia,
foremost in those days in vindicating* the princi-
ples of human liberty, was first to devise plans for
its extinction; and she entered upon the task of
preventing Us extension as the surest and speediest
mode of its destruction.
This policy was continued all along in tlie prog-
ress of the country, until the few fanatics who
had always resisted it, uniting under the loader-
ship of the sagacious Calhoun, pronounced it her-
etical and unconstitutional. They declared that
slavery was a national blessing; that it furnished
the " most perfect relation that can exist between
capital and labor;" that it reposes for its security
and for its equality with all other proprietary rights
in the provisions of the Constitution; that it is an
institution ordained of God, and ought therefore
to be protected, enlarged, and perpetuated. The
singleness of purpose, the boldness and intrepid-
ity with which they maintained their position,
soon attracted attention, North and South; and
those aspiring to Federal promotion paid their ad-
dresses to this new element of political power. :
The movement has since advanced with that
steady, certain progress, which the timidity of its
opponents, no less than the firmness of its advo-
cates, insured. Its triumphs are epochs, bold
and striking, in the history of the country. An-
nexation of Texas in 1845; squatter sovereignty
in 1848; non-intervention in 1854; the constitu-
tional establishment of slavery in all the national
territory in 1857—these are the monuments which
celebrate at once the abasement of freedom and
the achievements of slavery.
Such events were not wrought by ordinary
agencies. To effect them the old landmarks which
divided the opinions of the American people, in
their domestic or foreign policy, are removed,
and the demoralization of all parties is complete.
Adherence to the principles of Jefferson is no
longer orthodox democracy. The modern test,
rather, is, not how long have you been in the
Democifatic party, but how late were you out of
it? Have you spent the vigor of life in hostility
to it? then are you fitted to take charge of Us in-
terests. Are you in the Senate by virtue of a
commission granted by its traditional enemies'
you shall declare its principles and direct its
policy. Are you in the House ofRcpresentatives?
you shall control its Territorial Committee, you
shall lead its Committee on Foreign Relations.
Did you desert the Democratic nominations in
1848? you shall be at the head of its Committee
on Commerce. All these posts of honor you shall
hold, provided, only, you are sound on the Le-
compton constitution; for that only is the test of
modern Democracy. Do you claim to have been
born in that party, and to have followed its for-
tunes for half a ccntury? it shall avail you noth-
ing, unless you submit to the dogmas which new
comers have interpolated in its creed. Those
whom you have met and conquered on many a
well-foughtfield, are hereafter to be your masteis,
and when they crack the whip of party louder-
ship, the old guard must bow in silent submis-
sion. You are free on all other questions; but
on this projcct of extending African slavery, by
fraud and violence, if need be, those who ques-
tion its wisdom are denounced as heretics and
renegades. The thunders of the central organ
are awakened, and the iaqueys who throng the
national capital echo its anathemas.
Sir, it is time this retrogression of the rivihzn- j
tion of the Republic ceased. I believe ithas ceased. ;
The people of the North, of all political parties, ,
have determined to participate in the government ;
of this country. " Acquiescence" has lost its
charm over them. Such legislation only will be ac- 1
quiesced in as isjustand right. Whatisunjustand ,
wrong will be corrected by the appellate power of i
the country—discussion and the ballot. If the ex- ;
ercise of this power shall indeed reform the Gov-
ernment; if it shall take it from the exclusive con-
trol of the slaveholding States which, the Senator \
from South Carolina says, have held it for sixty ;
years, gentlemen need have no fears that it will j
not be administered with justice and impartiality.
The Republican party, when, in 1861, it shall ;
take charge of this Government, will endeavor to i
reinvest it with something of the purity, the jus-;
tice,the civilization, the higher law, with which j
it was clothed at its birth. While it will not in- |
terfere with slavery in the States, it will see to it,
that the Federal Government be no longer made
the instrument of its extension. In this respect,
it will not go beyond the designs of th&t party
which, ten years ago, carried the Empire State
by eight thousand majority against the " nation-
al" Democracy upon this very issue. But there
are other gentlemen—there may be some on this
floor—who know more of that party than I do.
They were its leaders; I was among the humblest
of its followers; they did not then give so much
importance to the exceeding virtue and intelli-
gence of" short boys," " shoulder-hitters," and
" dead rabbits" as they do now. Then they
thought the people in the country had some knowl-
edge of public affairs, some energy, and some po-
litical honesty. They came out into the rural
districts, and, patting the country boys on the
shoulder, exhorted them to standfirm, declaring
that no more slave States should be admitted into
the Union, especially from territory north of 36°
30'. They waxed eloquent upon this theme.
Two of them, father and son, the one by elabo-
rate manifestoes penned in the retirement of Lin-
denwald, the other by a running fire of speeches,
gave themselves so thoroughly to the work, that
uncharitable people suspected they were moved
by motives not altogether free from personal con-
siderations. The sequel demonstrates the justice
of that suspicion.
Times change and men change with them. Ten
years ago, there seemed to be an impassable gulf
between these free-soilers and the pro-slavery
hunkers,as they termed their adversaries. Buttbe
Wilmot proviso was struck down; the Missouri
compromise has been repealed; territory, then
free, has become as much the abode of slavery
" as South Carolina or Georgia," and these gen-
tlemen proclaim their "uncompromising" pur-
! pose to force that territory, with slavery, into the
| Union, in Older that it may be perfectly free to
1 regulate and form its domestic institutions in its
own way ! To this complexion has it come at last.
■ This is the end of ihe entertainment to which Van
Durcn, Dix &■ Co., invited the people in IM-I8.
Air. Chairman, there aie three gieat facts re-
1 specting this Lecompton constitution, so plain, so
1 universally admitted, and so conclusive, that I
adopt them as (he guide of my action upon it.
First, theie is no proof that that constitution
embodies tin* will of the people who are to live
under it. This is admitted on all sides. Even
; the President does not deny it; and his friends in
both Mouses of Congress frankly acknowledge it.
j S-rond, there being no proof that it embodies
the will of the people, it ought to have been sub-
: mitted for their ratification or rejection,
j Third, it not having been so submitted, it is
i our duty to refer it back to the people.
The only pretext alleged here for not so refcr-
i ing it, is that the fiee-State men of Kansas have,
1 by their factious, disorp uiizing conduct, foifeited
' till right to vote upon their constitution. Now,
1 sir, I maintain that the proceedings in Kansas do
[ not authorize us to violate the well-settied princi-
j pies of popular government. I insist upon it, that
looking at the whole history of that people, you
I cannot find an instance in the annals of the world
where a community has shown itself, by its
gentle wisdom, by its courageous forbeaiance,
by its steady maintenance of right and resist-
ance to wiong, better entitled to the fall and free
1 exeicirfe of s<Jf government. The greatcomplamt
against them is that they did not vote at the elec-
tion of the Lecompton convention. Now, Gov-
, ernor Walker and Governor Stanton dispose of
this objection. 'I hey show conclusively that the
reason they did not vote at that election was three-
' fold: first, they were all unwilling to acknowledge
the legality of the Legislature winch called it;
! second, many who proposed to waive tins objec-
tion could not vote, because the pro-slavery
officers had not taken the requisite census and
registry; third, they were all assured by their
Governors, speaking; for the President, that the
■ constitution to be formed by the convention should
be submitted to them, and they could then act
: upon it as effectually as though they voted at the
election of the delegates: and if not so submitted,
it would be rejected by Congress.
AH the Governors you liave sent to Kansas,
selected from the enemies of that people and pre-
judiced against them, concur, so far as they have
made known their opinions, in the declaration
! that their conduct, taken as a whole, is justifiable;
and that, to-day, they are clearly and indubitably
in the right, while the pro-slavery minority are as
clearly in the wrong. 1 take their testimony as
good authority; I accept it as an admission from
the other side, and they'cannot escape from it.
Who, of all men, are best informed, and, there-
fore, most competent to enlighten us on these
questions? Surely, the Governors who were on
the spot, and were themselves a part of the tians-
actions they describe. They pronounce this con-
stitution the legitimate fruit of a stupendous fraud
and usurpation, and they declare that an over-
whelming majority of the people of the Territory
utterly abhor and reject it, and will never permit
it to be forced upon them. Remember, these wit-
nesses are southern men, themselves slavehold-
ers, supporters of the Kansas and Nebraska act,
prominent leaders in the Democratic party, whose
reputation for truth and veracity rests on a long
career of honorable public services. It is useless
to malign their motives. If proper subjects of
inquiry, how strongly would they be found to
urge them to go with their friends and against
their political enemies. Sir, I hope the day is far
distant when an American citizen shall not be per-
mitted to bear testimony, if legitimately called
upon to do so, upon a question of fact, because
it may prejudice the interests of the political party
to which he belongs, without being denounced as
false, treacherous, and hypocritical. When such
shall be the sway of party, then, indeed, shall we
have a despotism in our midst as absolute and
as irresponsible as the public mind shall be de-
bauched and enslaved.
Sir, we are not bound to admit a new State to
the Union merely because a part of the people of
a Territory make application, accompanied by
what they call a constitution. Gentlemen need
not tell me that we have no right to look behind
the papers laid before us, and that if those papers
: are technically regular we aie estopped from fur-
, thcr investigation. The Senator from Georgia
! likens the discharge of our duty in this respect to
j the execution <>f a process by a ministerial officer
—a sheriff—which must be enforced though it be
! wrong. Even in such cases, courts interfere, open
judgments, grant new trials, and stay final exe-
cution, till the right of appeal is exhausted, and
the ends of substantial justice attained. Away
with this talk about our being estopped in our le-
gislative duties by forms and technicalities! We
owe it to the people of Kansas, to justice and
truth, to investigate this whole matter; and if we
find tins constitution tainted in the least with sub-
stantial fraud, if we find it does not embody the
will of the majority of the people who are to
live under it, we ought to reject it.
The President of the United States supports
his charges against the people of Kansas, by
quoting from Governor Walker and Governor
| Stanton in a manner which at once betrays the
| weakness of his cause, and degrades the office he
1 holds. lie selects extracts from the letters of
these gentlemen, written, as they themselves say,
, when they were ill-informed of the condition of
affairs, and prejudiced by the misrepresentations
of the creatures who infested the executive de-
partments, against the people they were sent to
govern; and he weaves these adroitly-scissored
extracts into his argument, and parades them be-
fore the country in justification of the calumnies
which he heaps upon that people. Now, why
had he not the common honesty to say that these
'I gentlemen, the moment they made themselves
| acquainted with the true state of affairs in the
i! Territory, were forced to yield to the conviction,
jj as then* predecessors had done, that an infamous
1 fraud had been practiced upon the people by the
creatures of the Executive and their ruffian con-
I federates from Missouri? Why did he studiously
! suppress their later communications, made at a
1 period immediately connected with the history of
■ the Lecompton constitution?
i Mr. Chairman, let us not force this constitu-
! tion upon the people of Kansas. Let us have no
! contest with them. They are in the right. They
1 have been m the right all along. They have all
i along borne too much of wrong. They never
should have allowed that Lecompton convention
| to meet. It never would have met only for the
i solemn assurances of Walker thatits w#rk should
, be submitted to the people. The frightened dele-
; gates made the same promise, and the people,
> preferring peace, suffered them to meet. It was
