1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
clare that it is-a bribe? "Was it a bribe in the
case of Minnesota? Did we not provide in the
Minnesota act that if her convention of delegates
would vote to come into the Union, she should
have these very grants; but if they voted other-
wise, she should not have them? Was that a
bribe? I imagine no man ever thought so. This
certainly cannot be a bribe; for it is much less
than the convention at Lecompton asked, and
much less than the late convention at Leaven-
worth asked.
Of course, sir, if the people vote in favor of
admission upon the question now submitted, the
constitution framed at Lecompton will be the con-
stitution of the State of Kansas. Undoubtedly
that will be the case; and why not ? It was framed
by a convention of delegates of the people, chosen
in due form of law, delegates chosen fairly, dele-
gates chosen unanimously; and its seventh article
was ratified by an almost unanimous vote of the
people—of all who chose to vote. Is that not a
sufficient ratification? Why, sir, let us see how
circumstances alter cases. On the 9th of April,
3856, the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
urged us to admit this Territory of Kansas as a
State under the Topekaconstitution; and here is
what he said:
" The President objects that the past proceedings by which
the new State of Kan>as was oiganized, were irregular in
three respccts : first, that they were instituted, conducted,
and completed, without a previous permission by Congiess,
or by the local authorities within the Terntory. Secondly,
that they were instituted, conducted, and completed by a
party, and not by the whole people of Kansas; and thirdly,
that the new State holds an attitude of defiance and insub-
ordination towaids the territoual authorities, and the Fed-
eral Union. I reply fir^, that if the proceedings in question
vveie inegulai and pattif.au-like and lactious, the exigencies
of the case would at least cxcuse the faults, and Congress
has unlimited discretion to waive them. Secondly, the pro-
ceedings were not thus irregular, partisan-hke,and factious,
because no act of Congress forbade them; no act of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature forbade them dncctly or by implication ;
nor had the Territorial Legislature power either to author-
ise or to prohibit them. The proceedings were, indeed, in-
stituted by a party who favored them ; but they were pros-
ecuted and consummated in the customary foims of popular
elections, which were open to all the in habitant* of the Ter-
ritory qualified to vote by the oiganie law, and to no others ;
and they have in no case come iato conflict, nor does the
new State now act or assume to engage in conflict with
either the territorial authorities, or the Government of the
Union. Thitdly, there can be no irregularity where there
is no law prescnbing what shall be regular. Congress has
passed no law establishing regulations for the organization
or admission of new States. Precedents in such cases, being
without foundation m law, are without authority. This is
a country whose Government is regulated, not by prece-
dent, but by constitutions."
That applies to every objection urged here, by
the Senator from New York and others, to the
Lecompton constitution, with this addition: that
the election,in which everybody could have par-
ticipated, was called in due form of law, and had
an authority which the Topeka movement never
had. Besides, the people of Kansas by voting for
admission, will have voted that the Lecompton
constitution shall be ratified, not because that is
the question submitted, but because it is necessa-
rily involved; and if they ratify the constitution,
by what right does the Senator from Michigan
protest against it? What more does " popular
sovereignty" require? And the whole Free-Soil
phalanx are foreclosed forever and a day, as to
the objection that Kansas may be a slaveholding
State; because they waived that in voting for the
House bill. If the constitution be objectionable
in any feature^f it require revision or perfection,
let the people amend it hereafter. They might
vote for admission, knowing that Lecompton
would be their constitution, but with the express
purpose of altering it. They might say, " Here
is an opportunity for us to enter the Union; we
do not admire all the features of our constitution,
but once enfranchised as a State, we shall have
absolute control of our own affairs; and, therefore,
we vote in the affirmative." If they choose to
do thus, whose business is it to call them to ac-
count? They have a right to amend their consti-
tution. I shall not debate thatquestion; a major-
ity of the Senate has said so; a majority of the
House of Representatives lia-s said so; the Presi-
dent of the United States has said so. So far at
least as the Federal Government is concerned, in
both branches of the Legislature, and in the ex-
ecutive department, there can be no obstacle to
any amendment which the people of Kansas may
desire.
The Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,]
said, however, that the Supreme Court of the
United States might interfere. I say, as I said be-
fore, the Supreme Court of the United States has
solemnly determined that it has not power to de-
cide which of two instruments is the constitution
of a State, and it has no such power.
Now, sir, when Senators talk about approving
or disapproving the Lecompton constitution, they
fall into an old blunder. They forget that Kan-
sas has no other constitution. She must have a
constitution or form of government. All that is
absolutely required is, that she shall have a re-
publican form of government; that is the phrase
of the Federal Constitution. That form of gov-
ernment may be expressed in a constitution or
an ordinance, or, what they call in Mexico apian,
or it may rest in usage; but to rest in usage, re-
quires, perforce, that it shall have been in actual
operation. Such was the case of Rhode Island.
Her government was in actual operation; and,
although it stood entirely upon usage, yet that
was deemed sufficient, and she was admitted into
the Union; but Kansas has no State government
in operation; we cannot stand on usage in her
case; and, therefore, she must present us a con-
stitution, or a fundamental law, or a plan, or
something of that sort, containing her form of
government. She has presented none to us but the
constitution framed at Lecompton. She makes no
other application as a State. The people of Kan-
sas ask to be admitted with the distinct under-
standingthat this is their form of government; and,
therefore, it is a mere perveision of language—for
there can be no mistake in such a distinction—to
say that Congress, in admitting the State of Kan-
sas, approves or ratifies the constitution framed at
Lecompton, or forces it upon the people of Kan-
sas, in any sense or to any extent. She has no
other constitution; she asks admission knowing
the fact that she has no other; and, therefore, if
you admit her, you admit her with that; and if
you reject her, that falls, of course, for there can
be no constitution without a State.
But my colleague asks: why not remit the ques-
tion of the admission of Kansas into the Union,
with the understanding that the Topeka constitu-
tion may be in force? The answer is, that To-
peka is no constitution; it is a mere pretense—
illegal, revolutionary—made by the authority of
no law at any stage, neither m the election of del-
egates, nor in the alleged submission to the vote
of the people There is nothing to distinguish the
delegate; nothing to distinguish the voter. It is
a baseless, unsubstantial vision which can rest no
where. Itisdead,and ought to be buried; only its
ghost stalks. There is nobody but my colleague
so poor as to do it reverence.
Mr. WADE. The Topeka constitution re-
ceived the unqualified acceptance of one branch
of Congress, and was rejected by the other, in the
same way that Lecompton has been admitted by
one and rejected by the other.
Mr. PUGH. If the bill for the admission of
Kansas should not now pass both Houses, Le-
compton will be dead, also.
Mr. WADE. The Senator did not understand
me. I did not ask the question, why not accept
the Topeka constitution? I merely asked the
question why, when both these constitutions had
been acted upon and received equal countenance
from Congress, and there was a dispute about the
validity of them, did not this committee, meeting
with full power to make a just conclusion of the
whole matter that should be satisfactory to every-
body, agree to submit them all, or to lay both
aside and do what was right?
Mr. PUGH. I do not wish to misrepresent
my colleague. I attach no importance to the fact
that Lecompton has been recognized by the one
House or the other. I am willing to treat it as
a proposition to which neither House has ever
agreed. 1 attach no importance to the fact that
one House passed a bill for admission, and the
other did not. That does not make a law; nor do
I admit that Congress could give any validity to
one constitution more than another. My objec-
tion to the Topeka constitution is, that it was
: never formed by the people of Kansas; that there
j was no law authorizing the election of the dele-
i gates who framed it; that there was no law au-
! thorizing a convention to be assembled; that there
was no law authorizing anybody to vote for or
against it; that there was no law to secure the pro-
tection of the ballot-box. It is idle to talk of that
as a constitution. It is no more a constitution
than if my colleague had written it with his own
hand, and offered it to Congress—not a whit.
So as to the constitution lately proposed by the
convention at Leavenworth, l say that was an
illegal proceeding. The bill for calling that con-
vention never passed the Legislature of Kansas.
Legislatures must pass bills according to the form
prescribed in the organic act; and yet this Legis-
lature, which is said to have been the represent-
ative of the friends of peace, sat sixty days, and
took good care not to pass the most important bill
proposed. The law requires, for the protection
of the Legislature, and the protection of the peo-
ple themselves, to secure deliberation, that every
bill which has passed both Houses shall be pre-
sented to the Governor for approval or rejection,
and that the Governor shall have three days to
consider it; to consider before he approves or re-
jects it, and returns it to the Legislature. Well,
sir, they took good care to send the bill to the
Governor at so late a period of the session that
the Legislature had dissolved, and expired, and
was dead by the provisions of the organic act
before the expiration of the period during which
the Governor could examine it. He is allowed
three days by the organic act. I know it is pre-
tended that by counting the day on which the bill
was presented to the Governor, three days could
be eked out; but it is too late to make any such
question. It was settled during the first Admin-
istration of this Government, in the most solemn
and decisive manner, that the day on which a
bill is presented to the President of the United
States shall not be counted. The question arose
in the case of the first Bank of the United States
i have the decision here, and ask the Secretary to
relieve me by reading two letters which I send to
his desk.
The Secretaiy read the following letters:
Wednesday Noon, February 23, 3791.
Sir : I have this moment reccivrd your sentiments with
respect to the constitutionahiy of the bill " to incorporate
the subscribers to the Bank of the United States. 
Tin? bill was presented to me by the joint committee of
Congress, at twelve o'clock on Monday, the 14th instant.
To what piecise period, by legal interpretation of the Con-
stitution, can the President retain it in Ins pos&e&bion, be-
fore it becomes, a law by the lapse of ten days ?
GEORGE WASHINGTON.
To the Secretary or the Treasury.
February 23,1791.
Sir : fn answer to your note of this morning, jur>t deliv-
ered to me, I give it as my opinion that you have ten days,
exclusive of that mi which the bill was delivered to you,
and Sunday* ; hence, m the present case, if it is returned
on Friday, at any time while Congress are sitting, it will be
in time.
It might be a question, if returned after their adjournment
on Fiiday.
I have the honor to be, with perfect respect, sir, your
most obedient bervant, A. HAMILTON.
To the President of the United States.
Mr. PUGH. It appears that the bill to incor-
porate the Bank of the United States was pre-
sented to General Washington on the 14th day of
February. It was approved on the 25th day of
February, as the statute-book will show, ten days
afterward, excluding the day of presentation, and
excluding a Sunday which intervened. Is that a
precedent of any authority? The first President
of the United States, himself the president of the
convention which framed the Constitution of the
United States: and Mr. Hamilton, then Secietary
of the Treasury, and one of the authors of the
Constitution; these are the persons who made the
decision. Thus, at the earliest period at which
the Federal Constitution could receive an inter-
pretation, it was interpreted; for General Wash-
ington retained that bill during the full term of
eleven days, one of them being a Sunday, exclu-
sive of the day on which it was presented. It is
idle to pretend that the bill calling the Leaven-
worth convention ever passed the Territorial Le-
gislature. It was not a law. There was no au-
thority to prescribe the alleged vote to be given
upon the constitution by the people. It is all void
—no more respectable than theTopeka movement.
I say, then, there is no constitution from Kansas
but that framed at Lecompton.
But even if the Leavenworth constitution were
legal, it is worse than either of the others. Even
