1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
a mistake; they should have driven them from the
country, and if tile army interfered, there should
have been another Lexington and Bunker Hill.
It is idle, sir, for the President to attempt a mili-
tary despotism in this country. The American
people are themselves accustomed to the use of
arms, and they look upon the Federal Army as
their servants, not their masters. The end of
military rule in Kansas is at hand. The people
are about to take charge of their own affairs in
their own way. They have had enough of the
"perfect freedom "of popular sovereignty. It has
proved to them, what was predicted of it when it
was inaugurated, a cheat and a delusion.
I call upon the President, then, to let that peo-
ple alone. They can take care of themselves;
they will take care of themselves. Let him cease
the calumnies with which he is traducing them.
Such conduct does not comport with his consti-
tutional rights, the dignity of his position, nor the
obligations he owes to truth. The freemen of
Kansas have proved themselves worthy the name
of American citizens, and the memory of their
heroic virtues will live in history and tradition,
when all of their traducer, save that he was once
President of the Republic, shall have been for-
gotten.
Are not gentlemen satisfied wibh the experi-
ments already tried ? The President certainly has
done all they ought to require of him. He cannot
subdue the people of Kansas. He can place no
obstacles to the full and free exercise of their con-
stitutional rights, which they will not trample
upon with scorn and contempt. He has tried
faithfully to force slavery upon them. He has
failed, and he is destined to fail as often as he
renews the contest. No man, however high in
position, however unscrupulous in the use of
means, can triumph over the rights unless he shall
first corrupt the virtues of the American people.
Let the President, then, retrace his steps. Let
him give this constitution back to Calhouri, who
made it. It was not made by the people of Kan-
sas, it does not embody their will. There is not
a man in this House, there is not an intelligent
man in the country, who does not know that an
overwhelming majority of the people now in Kan-
sas are opposed to it. The President and his pre-
decessor have sent six Governors, with an " army
two thousand strong, with General Harney to
command it, with dragoons and two batteries,"
to subjugate that people; and what have they ac-
complished? Nothing. Four of them have re-
turned disgusted with the work required of them.
The fifth (Shannon) nobody knows what has be-
come of him. He was not of much account when
lie was appointed—he is of less now. The sixth
will soon return, it is believed, to repeat (he story
of his predecessors. Then let the minority be
advised to yield to the will of the majority. Let
a Governor be appointed who will cooperate with
the people in restoring peace to the country.
Mr. Chairman, it seems that the nation is to be
called upon to determine which of the two antag-
onistical systems, freedom or slavery, is to pre-
vail to the exclusion of the other. If the trial of
this issue is insisted upon by our southern friends,
the North will meet it. Thus far she has not
sought to force her institutions upon the South.
Whether she shall be compelled to do so, to adopt
the policy of an aggressive development and exten-
sion of her system, is a question well to be con-
sidered by southern statesmen. If they will no
longer abide by compromises—if they will insist
upon crowding us to the wall—let them ponder
the consequences. I tell them here plainly that
this attempt to push slavery beyond the local ju-
risdiction which sanctions it, will not only fail,
but it will lead, if persisted in, to an earnest in-
quiry on the part of the North into the means by
which an institution so fruitful of continual evil
may be removed entirely out of the way. The
campaign, once begun on the broad plan laid
down by the South, will end only in the perma-
nent settlement of the great question, whether free-
dom or slavery is to control the destinies of this
continent. That freedom will win is as sure as
that the battle is to be fought in this country and
in this age of progress and reform.
And that triumph will be at once the triumph of
liberty and the triumph of the Union. There will
be no disunion, no infringement upon State sover-
eignty, no secession. State sovereignty! When
we speak of the Union there is no such thing!
There are powers, sovereign powers, which the
States possess, and have not alienated; but when
we speak of the unity of the States, of the Fed-
eral Government, we speak of a sovereignly ab-
solute and indivisible. Secession! Sir, tins Con-
federation of States is a partnership for life. As
new members cannot come in, so none can go out
of it save by the common consent. . They are
joined together for better or for worse, and there
is no power of divorce.
Go on, then," extending the area of freedom;"
wage wars of conquest with your sister Repub-
lics of Central America, with Mexico, and Cuba;
open the door to immigration; but all this time,
be assured, Jonathan with his " organized colo-
nization" will be there, and the free laborers of
Ireland, of Scotland, and Germany will go with
him; for he finds honorable employment for them;
he works with them; he talks with them; he
teaches them, in his homely, practical way, the
new ideas of the New World about government,
liberty, equality, and the dignity of labor. Thus
are they drawn to him, and he to them. They
assimilate; they form one body-politic; they are
one people.
In his care to push forward the interests of the
new community, the claims of education are not
forgotten. In a little grove by the road-side is i"e-
produced the old school-house of New England,
where he learned, among his first lessons, that
human institutions are founded in the Christian
religion; that governments derive their just au-
thority from the consent of the governed; that
the American Union was established by the united
wisdom, and cemented by the common blood, of
the sages and heroes of the Revolution; and that
it is to stand a monument of their virtues and
their patriotism, how and forever, one and insep-
arable.
But, sir, the South begins to appreciate that the
acquisition of new territory, in any direction, is
her weakness, not her strength; and ere long she
will give the order to haltm this career of south-
ern extension. Some new dogma of " equality
under the Constitution" will be found to stand in
the way. Already the notes of warning have
been sounded. The prophetic eye of Calhoun
foresaw that annexation might endanger his the-
ory of equilibrium, and while he was willing to
take Texas, without war and with slavery already
established, he opposed the invasion of Mexico,
lest it should result in more territory than his pe-
culiar institution could occupy. And northern
men then in Congress were importuned to avoid
the war for that very reason. In his letter to Mr.
King, m 1844, deprecating the conquest of Mex-
ican territory, he said;
" It is our policy to increase by giowing and spreading
out into unoccupied legions, a^&umlaUng al! we incorpo-
rate ; m a word, to increase by accretion, and not through
conquest by the addition of masses held together by the cohe-
sion of force. No system can be moie uu&uued'to the lat-
ter process, or better adapted to tlio foimer, than ours."
It is a significant fact that thesp words were re-
published the other day in connection with the
neutrality question by the Washington Union,
and the attention of the South particularly called
to them.
And the gentleman from Mississippi complains
that annexation thus fJr has damaged the South.
What would gentlemen have? We acquire new
territory for the South, and because she cannot
occupy it, they complain. Arc we to stand still
because she cannot advance? Are the vigor and
energy of freemen and free labor to be forever re-
pressed to the dead level of slavery? She has the
. Government, the Executive, the Legislature, the
' judiciary, all subservient to her behests, and yet,
where is she? Compare her with the North and
West. Take up two States vjf equal size that en-
tered the Union together. What are their rela-
tive positions now ? Trace the comparison all
along from the beginning of the Republic—what
do you find ? A rapidity of growth unparalleled
in the history of the world on the one side, and
comparative stagnation or absolute retrogression
on the other.
Let the South then abandon her insane project
of slave propa^andism. It and the management
of the FcderafGovernment—the enjoyment of its
patronage and power, have too long absorbed her
energies, preventing the development of the vast
and varied resources of her material prosperity,
and the moral and intellectual advancement of
her people. Let her coase making this one idea
of slavery the test of patriotism; let lrer abandon
the cry of the " union of the South for the sake
of the South." Let her people reassert their in*
dividual right to think and act, to form parties
and combinations as their honest differences of
opinion and various local and domestic interests
may dictate. Let her do this, and she will again
become in spirit and truth, as she is now only in
form, a living, active part of the Union, sympa-
thizing in the advancement of its common inter-
ests and its common glory.
Mr. Chairman, we are in the midst of the last
act of this drama. Its opening, its incidents, its
plot, its progress, have all been arranged secun-
dum artem. Its first act was the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise; its second, the border ruffian
invasion; its third, the usurped Legislature; its
fourth, the Lecompton convention; its fifth is com-
mitted to the hands of the President and Con-
gress, and the scene is transferred to the national
capital. If it shall be conducted to its legitimate
catastrophe, then, indeed, will have been commit-
ted a crime almost without a parallel in the his-
tory of the world. Others have been as violent,
others have been more bloody; but they were per-
petrated when and where, as there was less ap-
preciation of civil justice and political rights, so
there was less accountability for their violation.
But here, in the model Republic, in the middle of
the nineteenth century, with the examples of the
Revolution and the principles of Christian democ-
racy throwing a flood of light in our pathway, for
an American Congress to deliberately enact so
great a wrong—sir, I contemplate it with horror.
I cannot believe it will be consummated.
And yet I know not but this bill is destined to
pass. I remember the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise was condemned by the nearly unanimous
voice of the country when it was first proposed.
And yet it passed. I know the President's power.
1 appreciate his material arguments, far more ef-
fective than written messages. I remember how
these arguments were plied in 1854. I am pre-
pared to see this measure pass. But I hope for the
best. I look for wiser counsels among those gen-
tlemen of the South on this floor who, I believe,
are actuated by a desire to promote the peace and
welfare of the country. From those of the North
who have determined to support this bill I look
for nothing. I regret they should have felt it their
duty to place obedience to the Executive above
the obligations they owe their people and their
country. For the fair fame of the North, which
is so often taunted with venality, I hope subse-
quent events may give rise to no suspicion that
the votes they are about to record are in the least
tainted with dishonor.
Above all, let us who have arrayed ourselves on
the side of the people in their unequal contest with
power, stand firm and united, doing our whole
duty, be the consequences what they may. 1 in-
voke the blessings of Heaven on our efforts. 1
pray that the ominous clouds which are gathering
over us may be dispelled; that the sounds of do-
mestic discord which now afflict our ears may
cease: and that entire harmony may once more
embrace the great brotherhood of American States.
Why should we continue this fratricidal war?
Let us rather all submit to the destiny of our coun-
try. We cannot resist it. It will go onward and
upward until the whole Union and its now unoc-
cupied domain shall exhibit a picture of beauty
abounding in all the attributes of Christian civili-
zation, such as the world has never yet seen. All
artificial distinctions before the law will have been
merged in one political brotherhood, where none
shall be master and none shall be slave—where
honorable labor, with her attendants, health, hap-
piness, and plenty, shall be free to all, and shall
make ail free. Then, indeed, will the dreams of
the founders of the Republic have been realized;
then will the principles of justice and equality, as
enunciated in the Declaration of Independence,
have accomplished their mission, and the country
they gave to the world have become the perpetual
abode of charity and peace,
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr, Chair-
man, the question of the admission of Kansas has
been unjustly made to assume a sectional charac-
ter. It has, for the most part, been regarded as a
southern or not them question, and it is discussed
less with reference to its own merits than its bear-
ing on the interests of antagonistic sections. Ap-
peals are made to local prejudices and passions on
