1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stand from the gentleman from Vermont that he
desires that this question may be postponed until
next Thursday week, so that we may take up
the appropriation bills, pass and send them to
the Senate. I am willing to accede to that prop-
osition, if it will meet the unanimous consent of
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the consideration of this
report is postponed untilThursday week, we may
just as well consent to let it go over until the next
session of Congress. When that daycomcs, there
will be no time to take it up and discuss it.
Mr. SINGLETON. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to modify the propo-
sition. I will make it next Tuesday.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to post-
pone its consideration until next Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion except by unanimous consent. The
Chair would call the attention of the gentleman
to the latter clause of the 55th rule, which says:
" No motion to postpone to <t day certain, to commit, or
to postpone indefinitely, being decided, shall lie aij.im al-
lowed on the same day, and at the same stage of the bill or
pioposition."
Mr. RUFFIN. I object.
Mr. GROW. The first motion was to post-
pone until next session. This motion is to post-
pone until next week.
The SPEAKER. It is a motion to postpone
until a day certain.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that the gen-
tleman who objected to the report going over until
next Tuesday, withdraws it.
Mr. RUFFIN. I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
further consideration of the report will be post-
poned until Tuesday next.
No objection bem^ made, it was so ordered.
Mr. WIIITELEY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House co introduce for reference the
fortification bill, which I offeied yesterday us an
amendment to the hill reported by the, Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is not the regular
order of business the call of committees for re-
ports?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then I call for the
regular order of business.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GROW. I think we had bettergetthrou^h
the appropriation bills, and send them to the Sen-
ate; and, therefore, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof theUnion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Sickles in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 199) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1859.
The first reading of the bill having been dis-
pensed with, the Clerk commenced the reading
of the bill by clauses for amendment, and read
the first clause.
Mr. COLFAX. I would suggest, from the ex-
perience of yesterday, that the better plan would
be to close debate upon this bill, and have all the
debate under the five-minute rule.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to do
that very thing, and for that purpose I move that ;
the committee rise. j
The motion was agreed to. j
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having '
resumed the chair, the chairman reported that j
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the |
Union had, according to order, had the state of;
the Union generally under consideration, and par- ;
ticularly a bill making appropriation for the scr- j
vice of the naval department for the year ending 1
June 30, 1859, and had come to no conclusion i
thereon.* |
CLOSE OF DEBATE. |
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I offer the usual
resolution to close the debate in the Committee !
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the i
naval appropriation bill m five minutes after the i
committee shall a^ain resume the consideration ■
of the same.
Mr. BOCOCK.
I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out " five minutes," and inserting
{< two hours," and I desire to make a statement
to the House. This is the bill making appropri-
ation for the support of the Navy. Sometimes
it has been the case that the Committee of Ways
and Means have exercised the courtesy towards
the Committee on Naval Affairs to consult them
somewhat in relation to the bill making appro-
priations for the naval service of the country.
That has not been done in this instance. We
were not aware that this bill was to be callcd
up at the time it was called up. It came upon
us altogether by surprise. When I saw that the
bill had been taken up last evening in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state Union, I intended
to make a statement of the facts 
Mr. PURVIANCE. Is this question debat-
able ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks debate is
not in order, if it is objected to.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I object.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania this morning agreed that the bill should be
laid aside and another bill taken up.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. Well, my amendment is in
order, and I insist on it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to un-
derstand the Chair. I understand that the ques-
tion is on closing debate in five minutes, and is it
not in order to hear reasons bearing upon that
question ?
The SPEAKER. It has been the uniform prac-
tice not to entertain any debate whatever upon a
resolution proposing to close debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means a question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not proposing to de-
bate the question. I suppose 1 have a ri^ht to ask
a question. I desire to know how much tins bill
appropriates ?
Mr. DEAN. I object to debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means answer my ques-
tion?
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that the propo-
sition of my colleague to close debate upon this
bill is not m order, inasmuch as the bill has not
yet been considered m Committee of the Whole.
I submit further that it is not in order, after de-
bate has been closed, for the Committee of the
Whole to strike out the enacting clause of the
bill, bccause yesterday the bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means in reference to
fortifications, was 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I move to amend the
proposition so as to provide that the committee
shall not strike out the enacting clause.
The SPEAKER. The Chairdccides the amend-
ment to be out of order, on the ground that it is
not germane to the original proposition. It is a
change of the rules of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I thought it was entirely
consistent with the rules of the House, I want
the matter considered by the House. The forti-
fication bill was not considered at all yesterday.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the point of order,
thatafter the Chair hasdecided the amendmentout
of order, it is not in order for the gentleman to go
on and ars;ue it.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 wish the unan-
imous consent of the House to make one or two
remarks in reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Virginia as to the taking up of this bill last
evening.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object. I was not allowed
to debate the question.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and de-
bate is not in order.
The question beingupon Mr. Bocock's amend-
ment to the resolution,
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CJLAY demanded fellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Russell and
Waldron were appointed.
The Mouse d.vided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 5G, not_s 8G.
So the amendment was rejected.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON". If there is no objection, I
propose to move that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union he discharged from the
further consideration of the naval appropriation
bill, and that it be brought into the House for
consideration. It only appropriates ten or twelve
millions—a matter of very slight importance; and
why not bring it out of committee and pass it at
once ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It lain order by unanimous
consent: is it not ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes so.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I propose, if there be
no objection, to submit that motion. TheHouso
has agreed to cut off all debate in committee upon
this subject, and why not bring it into the House
at oncc ?
Mr. DEAN and others objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to; and also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 withdraw the
motion; and move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Sickles in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The first section of the bill was read.
Mr. SMITII, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to know if
I am not entitled to the floor to close debate?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will be
entitled to the floor for that purpose after the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] shall have oc-
cupied the five minutes, at the end of which the
House has ordered that debate shall be closed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the gentleman entitled to
close a debate which has never been opened.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rule of the
House, the gentleman from Pennsylvania having
reported the bill under consideration, is entitled
| to one hour in which to close debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It was ray wish,
but that I 4iave been very unwell for some days
past, to call the attention of the committee to a
provision in this bill which I regard of very con-
siderable importance. It is known, I suppose, to
this committee, that the service provided for in
the particular clause to which I refer, was first
authorized under the resolution of 1845. I allude
to the service between the Atlantic and the Pa-
cific, between New York and San Francisco.
The contracts were made, as I am informed, by
some species of combination in legislation which
I do not understand, between the Secretary of the
Navy and the Postmaster General. The contract
commenced on the 1st of October, 1848, and term-
inates, by its own terms, on the 1st of October,
1858. It is under consideration,as I understand,
upon the passage of this proposition, to continue
this service under the old contract. In other
words, if this clause is passed without qualifica-
tion, the effect will be to continue this old contract
which has been so beneficial to the parties inter-
ested in it, as I conceive, against the pnbhcinter-
est, as also against the indignant resistance of the
whole Pacific coast. It was my intention to have
drawn the attention of the committee very care-
fully to the consideration of this subject, and to
have presented the question, whether or not a
company which has grown from nothing—from
the mere bounty of the Goveinment—into an im-
mense concern, of large wealth, shall be placed for
the future beyond the chance of competition? I
have no time under the action of the House to
j present the facts which I have in my possession
i upon this subject; but I state that this company,
j which has been carried on on capital furnished by
! the United States—that is, by money advanced
by law to particular individuals—ha-* prownrich
■ iti the service, and now it is proposed to continue
' this monopoly to them, unless a provision is in-
j seitcd in this bill to prohibit il.
✓
