1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
either side; the existence of the Union is menaced;
and it seems as if there was a studied effort to
kindle implacable feuds, and divide the nation into
two warring camps.
Whatever personal advantage or consequence
may be gained by mingling in this war of sec-
tions, Ishall willingly forego.^ While the Union
lasts—and I do not believe it is within the power
of party zealots to so inflame the people with their
own disloyal passions as to madden them to its
destruction—1 shall hold it my duty, as a national
legislator, to look at all questions that come before
this body in a comprehensive, American scope of
view; to consider them as affecting the welfare of
the whole country. And most jealously shall I
withhold my suffrage from any scheme of party
that seeks to build up the interests of one portion
of the country at the expense of another.
Living on the southern verge of the northern
States, representing a city eminently liberal in its
political sentiments, and pledged to no inflexible
line of party action, I am free to adopt such a
course on,this question as my own conscientious
convictions assure me will he most propitious to
its speedy and peaceful adjustment, and to the
future tranquillity of the nation. Having the clear-
est evidence that a large majority of the people of
Kansas are opposed to the Lccompton constitu-
tion, I shall not usurp their right to form their
own fundamental law, and impose upon them an
instrument which they detest and abhor. If po-
litical inconsistency were not of such frequent
occurrence as to cease to excite surprise, we might
well be astonished at the assertion of the right of
Congress to dictate to the people of a Territory a
constitution which is to bind them as a State.
It may be denied, but it is none the less true,
that the power is claimed for Congress, in con-
junction with a minority in Kanas, to establish
a constitution for that nascent State, in defiance
of the protesting voice of a large majority of its
people. This arrogant pretension is made bv
those, strange to say, who repudiate the consti-
tutional authority of Congress to prohibit slavery
in a Territory, or to legislate upon it in any man-
ner. While a clear and unmistakable provision
of the Constitution of the United States, exercised
to its full extent in the ordinance of 1787, with
the subsequentsanction of the framers of the Con-
stitution under the l«Yder«l Government and in
the Missouri compromise, is set aside, the power
of congressional interference in the domestic in-
stitutions of a Temtory is attempted in a newer
and far more questionable form.
To justify this position, every available expe-
dient that sophistical ingenuity can sug^e^t is em-
ployed. It is argued that it is not necessary to
submit constitutions directly to a vote of the peo-
ple for ratification, and that (here are instances m
which this has not been done. This may be so;
but the necessiiy for popular ratification' in this
ease arises from the policy inaugurated by the
Kansas-Nebia-ska act. The apology for the re-
peal of the Missouii compromise was, that Con-
gress ought, to divest itself of all power to control
the settlement of the question of slavery m the
Territories, and confer it exclusively on the peo-
tle. Such was the declared intent of the Ne-
>raska-Kansas act. Tins was supposed to be the
future and established policy of the Government.
However much opposed at first by the friends of
the Missouri compromise, it was gradually com-
mending itself to the country as an easy and fea-
sible mode of settling this vexed question; in other
words, complete independence on all domestic
concerns was conceded to the people of the Ter-
ritories, and Congress waived all right of inter-
ference.
On this, the first application of this new policy,
it seems, however, pubhccxpectation is to bo dis-
appointed as to its beneficent effects. Because
a constitution, tolerating sjavery, is presented to
Congress, we are urged to admitKansas into the
Union under it, notwithstanding that we have
the most indubitable evidence that that constitu-
tion outrages the sentiments and wishes of an
overwhelming majority of her citizens. Frauds
the most monstrous, and proved by evidence the
most convincing, are not allowed to be investi-
gated; and it seems to be determined to override
every rule of fair action, for the purpose of se-
curing another slave State.
All we of the Opposition ask, is that the will of
th« people shall be ascertained and respected;
i
11 that fraud and violence shall not be indorsed by
ij this supreme political tribunal; that a fatal pre-
Ij cedent shall not be set, which shall hereafter en-
I; courage base men to violate law, and trample on
;i the rights of their fellow-citizens. Our elections
;; are vitiated enough by illegal practices, which are
!j stimulated and tolerated by men in authority in
|! the great cities to such an alarming degree, that
i! they are rapidly degenerating into mere farcical
jj exhibitions. If election frauds sliall be connived
| ■ at by this body, and their perpetrators be defended
" and patronized by the President of the United
States, the ballot-box will lose all its moral influ-
ence, and venality, perjury, and ruffianism, will
rule the destinies of the country. This question
has a moral aspect of immense importance, and I
beg gentlemen to look at it candidly, and see if
its pernicious consequences are not enduring and
far-reaching.
I beg gentlemen of the South to pause and con-
sider if the toleration of fraud and defiance of the
popular will in this case are not likely to react on
1 the interests they represent? If Arizona, or a
j new State to be formed out of Texas, should ap-
i ply for admission into the Union with a constitu-
| tion prohibiting slavery; and the evidence should
; be as undeniable in that case as in this, that the
; constitution was carried by violence and fraud; and
that two thirds of the people were opposed to'it,
; what right would the South have to complain, if
j we should refuse to go behind the record, and
; examine into the truth of these allegations; if, de-
| termincd on enjoying an illegal victory, we should
, close our ears to the remonstrances of a protest-
1 ing people, and despotically make our will para-
1 mount and absolute? If the Representatives of
, the free States were disposed to avail themselves
of the advantages of such a fraud-gotten triumph,
I they could appeal for a justificatory precedent to
( the action recommended by the President in the
, admission of Kansas.
j ee Fn ra*es.
! Wo still have judgment here; that wo hut tearh
Woody instruction*, which, being taught, return
! To plague the inventor! Tins even-handed justice
I Commends the mgiudiento of our poison'd chalice
> To oui own iips."
God forbid that any northern man should coun-
' tenance such transactions, even for the purpose of
i extending the aieaof freedom! It would dishonor
the cause, and destroy public confidence in our
characters as just-dealing and law-regarding men.
J?or one, I \v ill never aid m forcing a form of gov-
ernment on a people which they do not wish; and
lam willing to give them full and exclusive power
to regulate, their own institutions. 1 have too high
an opinion of the character of the people of the
South to believe that they desire to profit by a
dishonest victory, or that they will sanction any-
1 thing but upright and honorable dealing. To do
i1 otherwise than the latter would be in direct con-
!| flict with that high-toned sense of honor and
'i chivairic spirit of conduct which they have al-
ii ways claimed as attributes of southern character.
\ 1 rejoice to see that two veteran Senators—noble
I relics of a generous and pan iotic party—rising su-
■ potior to the prejudices of section, and the clamor
of faction, hove led the way in the vindication of
! the true character of the S^uth. They canno' be
! tempted to sully her fame by rendering her a party
' I to fraud, or, for any sectional advantage, support
| the cause of injustice, and trample under foot the
'j acknowledged'rights of the people. To denounce
II such men as traitors to the South betrays an ob-
j liquity of feeling that can only spring from the
l| intensest party hate, or a bigotry of tcmpei that
|i brooks no difference of opinion. Were either of
' | those two men of immortal memory—Henry Clay
i and Daniel Webster—with whom, for so many
years, they fought the great battle of popular
, privilege against executive prerogative, now liv-
ing, the walls of this Capitol would reverberate
with the thunder of an eloquence greater than his
il who
!i i; Shook the arsenal, and fuhnmed over Greece
|i To M.ieedon and Aitaxerxes' throne,"
I' rebuking, in indignant terms, the infamous scheme
i which this Congress is urged to consummate.
I; Like Crittenden and Bell, they never faltered in
the performance of their full measure of duty.
;! The darker the crisis, the firmer and more lus-
trous shone their patriotic courage. As thoirgal-
; lant survivors, their motives were impeached, and
their characters traduced; but the approving voice
of conscience sustained them in the wildest fury
of the tempest of abuse and calumny to which
they were exposed. Their names now stand out
in bold relief on the pages of history, in all their
native grandeur of intellect, dignity of character,
and purity of purpose; while no lapse of time, and
,no factitious consequence, derived from high sta-
tion, can ever blind the discriminating eye of pos-
terity to the base impulses and mean spirit of their
calumniators.
It is an easy task, sir, to obey executive dic-
tation, and se.rve the behests of power; but it re-
quires an exalted moral courage, and a stern and
unfaltering patriotism, to be ever loyal to the
country and the people. The worship of power
brings place and pelf; devotion to the country little
else than a sense of duty honestly discharged,
and the applause of the discriminating judgment
of the wise and good. Sycophants have abounded
in all ages; but patriotic statesmen of the temper
of Cato, Chatham, Webster, Clay, Bell, and Crit-
tenden, are as rare as they are illustrious.
From among the vulgar and ignoble hordes
who, like fawning slaves, cringe and bow be-
neath the lash and nod of arbitary authority, who
" Renego, affirm, and turn their halcyon beaks
With every gale and vary of their masters,
Knowing naught, like dogs, but following—"
such men rise«up supreme and majestic, in sub-
lime grandeur, vindicating the higher qualities of
our nature, and inspiriting the latest ages by the
example of their heroic championship of liberty
and right.
I know, sir, the power of the executive branch
of this Government, and the despotic and cruel
mannerin which the President exercises his short-
lived authority. The advocates of the Constitu-
tion, m defending it against those who, in the
State conventions, denounced the power and in-
fluence of the President as likely to become an
overmatch for the coordinate branches of Gov-
ernment, never dreamed that, within half a cen-
tury after its adoption, these apprehensions would
be realized. Washington, Hamilton, Madison,
Franklin, and the other framers of that instru-
ment, never believed that the President of the Uni-
ted States could descend to such petty tyranny
as to allow no difference of opinion even in the
ranks of his own party friends; that he would re-
quire the meanest office-holder under him to sur-
render his private judgment and accept the will of
the Executive as the infallible standard of truth;
and that he would punish dissent, even on a single
point of party policy, with expulsion from office.
The one-man power has grown to formidable and
dangerous dimensions; and supported, as it is, by
an army of dependentservitors, and a venal, plun-
der-fed press, and clothed with a most corrupting
patronage, it threatens danger alike to the liberties
of the country and the independence of Congress.
Every engine is brought to bear against this body,
to shake its fidelity to the Constitution and the
people. Important offices are held waiting the
decision of great questions; independent, high-
minded members' names are entered on a pro-
scription list, as infamous as that of Antony and
Lepidus; and the Government organ is daily
gorged with personal abuse and vile imputations
against every man who, on this floor, dares to
form and express his opinions with the independ-
ence that becomes an American Representative.
It really seems as if it was designed to stifle fiee
discussion, and make this body a mere registry
of executive edicts—as servile as the Senate of
Caesar and of Louis Napoleon.
But, sir, tremendous as is the power of the Ex-
ecutive, and demoralizing as is the influence of
the immense patronage he wields, it cannot con-
trol public opinion, nor stifle its intimidating
voice. Like the surges of the occan, it cannot be
lashed into quietude; it cannot be fettered by
chains of party discipline; no haughty mandate
of power can overawe or check its free and tu-
multuous roll. Flatterers may intoxicate the
brain of him who wields the scepter into the be-
lief that he is omnipotent, but amighty and puis-
sant nation, jealous of its freedom, once aroused,
will vindicate its derogated rights, and chastise,
with righteous rage, the insolence of executive
usurpation, and tho^e who abet and sustain it.
When the Territory of Kansas was duly organ-
ized and opened for settlement, all men were free
to come in and make it their home. Whether
they came singly or in organized bands, with or
withoutarms,irom the North or the South, no one
