1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
tion of the act of ] 8X8 goes beyond the duties and
obligations which we owe to other nations, and
that by it, in the language of Air. Clay, we have
assumed a voluntary duty which it is time we
should shake off. I wish to correct it upon great
national principles.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. PALMER withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out the word " rigorous," and to insert in-
stead of the word "making" the word " amend-
ing, "so that the amendment will read, if amended,
ic and who are hereby instructed to report on the
expediency of amending the neutrality laws."
Mr. Chairman, my object is not to engage in
the discussion in regard to the reading of the neu-
trality law, nor to oppress any opinion in regard
to the operation of the neutrality laws at this time;
but to send this subject, from the Committee of
the Whole to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with the desire expressed, on the part of this com-
mittee, that they shall give us their opinion on the
propriety of amending these laws at all. The
diversity of opinion that has been expressed here
as to the true construction of these laws, as to the
force and effect of these laws, affords the most
conclusive evidence to my mind that this subjcct
ought to undergo a scrutinizing investigation by
the law committee of this House; and that that
committee, in response to the general inquiry
which agitates the country, should, by their re-
port, put these laws, and the reasons for them,
upon a foundation which will vindicate their pro-
priety as they exist at present, or indicate to us
what would be the line of sensible legislation if
we undertake to amend them. This is all I have
to say.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I accept the gon-
tleman's amendment as a modification to my
amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I presume it is in order to
oppose the amendment as modified ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know
whether it is exactly in order; but the Chair will
hear the gentleman.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I objcct to the amendment in the form in
which it now stands after the gentleman from
New York has accepted the proposition of the
gentleman from Kentucky, for to adopt it in that
form will be substantially to reinsert the very
words which the committee has deliberately
stricken out. Now, sir, why did the committee
strike out, on motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Phillips,J the woids requiiing
the committee to inquire into the expediency of
repealing or modifying the neutrality l;uvs? I
presume it was because the committee supposed ,
that the giving of this instruction at this period
of the history of the country would indicate what
I am very sure does not exist, and that is, a de-
sire on the part of this House to repeal these
laws so as to give additional facility to these ma-
rauding and unlawful expeditions. I think it
better, perhaps, that the committee should con-
sider the question without any instructions from
the House. The President has asked that addi-
tional penalties maybe provided, or that addi-
tional powers may be granted to the ExecuUvu.
The committee may very well inquire into the
expediency of providmgadditional penalties, and ;
granting additional powers on the simple refer-[
ence of the President's message without any in-;
struction; but to adopt the proposition as it now |
stands would seem to imply what I am very sure j
the gentleman from New York does not suppose j
that the House are seriously contemplating, the i
propriety of removing by amendment some of
the penalties inflicted upon the authors of these
unlawful expeditions.
Sir, I should not suppose that these neutrality
laws were very rigorous; for very few, if any,
convictions have taken place under them; and
while I objected to the original proposition of the i
gentleman from New York, when lie proposed to [
direct the committee to inquire whether these laws '
should be made more rigorous, I still more object I
to the proposition as it now stands, because it '
will imply that we have heretofore been executing ]
these neutrality laws when we have executed ■
them, not because it was our duty as a nation to i
do so, but only because there was a necessity laid j
upon us which we would willingly avoid or throw j
off. Sir, I take it for granted that the United I
States desire to execute these laws not because
they ate laws, but because it is right and proper
that such laws should be executed.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. MA.YNARD. Is not this an amendment
to an amendment, which is itself an amendment
to an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky was ac-
cepted by the gentleman from New York as a
modification of his amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 submit whether
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. John Cochrane] is in order, it having been
voted down once before. I did not raise the ques-
tion before, not caring to prevent the gentleman
from New York from making his speech. But,
inasmuch as there is another proposition to
amend, I raise the question of order now.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 think the question of order
comes too late.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The rule of
the House is, that when v/ords have been inserted,
it is not in order afterwards to move to strike
them out; but the Chair is not aware of any rule
which would prevent the committee from striking
out words and afterwards inserting them. If there
be a rule to sustain the gentleman's point of order
the Chair would be obliged if he would refer to
it.
Mr. CRAXGE, of North Carolina. I wish to
say that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is en-
tirely mistaken. The former amendment, which
was voted down, required the committee to re-
port upon the propriety of repealing the neu-
trality laws. This does not do any such thing.
The amendment to the amendment, offered by
Mr. Colfax, was read, as follows:
Hti ik'Miut the language us modified, and insert after tin;
word expediency'" the wonK, of <• making the neutrality
Ia\Vh more ngorous and effective.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Chairman, I concurwith
the language which fell from the gentleman from
New York [Mr. John Cochrane] when he offered
his amendment; and I liked that amendment, be-
cause it was clear and decisive. U meant some-
thing. It would have called forth an expression
of the opinion of the committee upon the ques-
tion which is now agitating this entire country.
But I regret, that the gentleman should have after-
ward modified his amendment so that it would
call for n>*/ expression of opinion whatever; and I
now offer my amendment to the amendment for
the purpose of having a test vote in the commit-
tee upon the question whether they believe the
neutrality laws ought to be made more rigorous
and iflicient, or not. We owe a to ouiseives, and
to our country's leputaiion, that we shall sec that
these laws shall not be full of loop-holes and es-
capes whereby expeditions can go from ourshores
under the disguise of agricultural expeditions and
bands of emigrants, and that we shall never al-
low this country to be made a place where expe-
ditions of a piratical character may be fitted out
and precipitated upon other and weaker nations
in our vicinity. 1, therefore, desire to ascertain
the sense of this committee, that a clear expres-
sion of their opinion may be sent to the country
upon this important question. I desire a test vote
upon this question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire of the Chair, what will be the effect of the
vote on this amendment? If the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana is voted down, then
there can be no vote upon it in the House, as I
understand the rules. If, on the other hand, the
committee shall vote in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, then we can have a separate
vote upon that amendmentm the House, and Rep-
resentatives can be placed upon the record upon
this great question. That is what I desire.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the gentleman from In-
diana.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburn,
of Maine, and Taylor, of New York, were ap-
pointed.
•The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 89.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed t-o.
The question now being' on Mr. John Coch-
rane's amendment as modified—
Mr. DEAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dsan and
Millson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 89, noes 37.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question then rccurred on the resolution as
amended; and it was agreed to.
The other resolutions offered by Mr. J. Glancy
Jones, were severally reported as follows—no
amendment being offered to any of them save to
the last:
4. Resolved, That so much of'said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Army of the United
Stales, the raising of fout additional regiment-: and to the
construction of a military road thiough the Ten/tones of
the United States, be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
5. Respired, That so much of said message and accom-
i panying documents as relates to the Navy of the United
j states and to the construction of ten small war steamers,
! be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
6. Res^h'ed^ That so much of said message and accom-
| pan>mg documents as relates to the Post Office Depart-
ment its opetation^ and conditions, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
7. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public lands, be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
8. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the commerce of the Uni-
ted States, and to the fitness of the river La Plata and its
tributaries for navigation by steam, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
9. Resolved, That so much of said,message and accom-
panying documents .is iclates to our intercourse with, and
relations to, {he various Indian tribes, be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
10. Resolved, Thar so much of said message and accom-
panying documents a? relates to the Teiritoiies of Kansas,
Utah, and Anzona, be lefened to the Committee on Teru-
toiles.
IJ. Rcsolvd, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents a* lelates to the District of Columbia,
be refeneil to the Committee for the District of Columbia
T-2 Resolved, That so much of said message and accom
partying documents as relates to the subjectoi a Pacific lail-
road, be icfeired to the Committee on Rnad^ and Canals
Mr. PHELPS. I offer fhe following amend-
ment to the last resolution:
Stukc out all after the word "resolved,"' and insert the
following:
That so much of the President's message as relates to a
railroad to the Pacific ocean, be referred to a select com-
mittee to be composed of thirteen members, to be appointed
by the Speaker.
Some days since I obtained the floor, and en-
deavored to introduce a resolution providing for
the raising of a select committee to be charged
with the subject-matter now under consideration
—-the construction of a railroad from the valley
of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean. 1 was
unsuccessful at that time in having the resolution
introduced. I have now thought proper to pro-
pose it as an amendment to the resolution sub-
mitted by my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J.
Glancy Jones.] If this amendment be adopted,
it will withdraw the consideration of the subject
of the Pacific railroad from the Committee on
Roads and Canals. I am aware that my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] the chairman of
that committee, is opposed to the construction of
any railroad to the Pacific ocean. He will un-
disguisedly tell you that he is unwilling that the
Government should aid in this great enterprise
in any manner whatever. He will tell you that
if such a railroad is to be constructed, its con-
struction ought to be left to individuals and cor-
porations, without the fostering hand of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
The subject is one of vast importance. It is of
vast importance to all the people of this country,
and particularly is it of great importance to all
the people of the valley of the Mississippi. If
this committee be raised it will take into consid-
eration the question of how many roads shall be
built, the line to be taken by them, and the dif-
ferent routes proposed by the advocates of this
great measure. Moreover, it will be chaiged with
the consideration of the manner m which this
great enterprise should be accomplished.
I do not expect, at this time, to say anything
on this subject; but I only ask whether it is not
proper that this matter should be referred to a
. select comrmttec, to consist of a greater number
I than the standing committees of the House. I
j propose the number thirteen; but I am not par-
j ticuiar about that. Each of the standing eommit-
! tees of the House to which it might be proper to
I refer this subject-matter, is already burdened with
