1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
equal this deliberate attempt to palm a constitu-
tion on the people of Kansas by the aid of negro
votes.
I repeat, therefore, when we remit the question
of the admission of Kansas to her people, inas-
much as she has no constitution except the one
formed at Lecompton, such admission, perforce,
recognizes that as the organic law. We are not
responsible for this juxtaposition and intimate
connection of the questions. We, as I have said,
cannot remit the constitution to a popular vote,
but we do submit the question of admission by
this bill, as we have a right to submit it. That
does involve in the mind of every voter, and in a
manner wholly unobjectionable, so far as we are
concerned, the question whether he is or is not
satisfied with the Lecompton constitution.
But the honorable Senator from Vermont, and
my colleague, complained that there would be
fraud practiced at this election; they said there
would be false returns, there would be fictitious
votes, and thus the people would be cheated.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope the Senator will do
me the justice to say that I spoke entirely from
history. Having been done before, and encour-
aged, have we not a right to suppose that it may
be done again ?
Mr. PUGH. I must hold the Senator to what
he has done. Admit all the frauds alleged here-
tofore: what new provision did he adopt in order
to prevent false votes and false returns? Where
did his wisdom culminate? It culminated in the
fourth section of the House bill, and that section
is copied into this bill. We have adopted his own
remedy.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said on that occasion that
our security was found in the appointment of the
board who were to conduct the election, being
composed of an equal number of officers chosen
by the people and by the President.
Mr. PUGH. I shall come to that directly. I say
the Senator's wisdom and the wisdom of those who
voted for the House amendment, is expressed in
its fourth section. That section is in these words:
" Sec. 4. Jlndbe it further enacted, That m the elections
hereby authorized, all white male inhabitants of paid Ter-
ritory over the age of twenty-one years, who are legal voters
under the laws ui the Territory ot Kansas, and none others,
shall be allowed to vote ; and this shall be the only qualifi-
cation required to entitle the voter to the nghtof suffrage
in said elections. And if any person not so qualified shall
vote or offer to vote, or if any person shall vote more than
once at either of said elections, or shall make or cause to be
made any false, fictitious, or fraudulent returns, or shall alter
or change any returns of either of said elections, such per-
son shall, upon conviction theieof before any court of com-
petent jurisdiction, be kept at hard labor not less than six
months, and not more than three years."
The conferees copied that section literally into
their bill. They have taken the safeguard pro-
posed in the House bill for the punishment of ille-
gal voting and false returns.
Mr. COLLAMER. Did I not state that our
great security was founded on the construction
of the boa rd ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir, I understand that. I
have become acquainted of late years with the tac-
tics of the party with which the honorable Sen-
ator acts. Whenever they are defeated at any
election, they affirm that it was done by fraud.
They never admit themselves fairly beaten; they
are defrauded,forsooth, in some manner. What
is the difference between one board and the other
—between the board constituted by this bill and
the board constituted by the House bill, for which
the Senator voted ? By the House bill, the Gov-
ernor and Secretary of the Territory, with the
President of the Council and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives in the Territorial Le-
gislature, constituted the board to receive the re-
turns and publish the result of the election. This
bill adds the district attorney to those four offi-
cers. How can that make any difference ? The
Senator must have relied on the Governor and
Secretary before, because he could not have a ma-
jority of the board without one of them. The
utmost he could expect otherwise would be an
equal division of the board, and then nothing is
decided. The Governor and Secretary remain as
members of the board; and as to the district attor-
ney, he is an officer confirmed by our votes, and
whose successor must needs be confirmed by our
votes. It is too late to pretend that, merely be-
cause the district attorney is nominated by the
President and confirmed by the Senate, he cannot
be trusted. You have already agreed to trust two
officers nominated by the President and confirmed
by the Senate, to wit: the Governor and Secre-
tary. My colleague asks, why is the district at-
torney introduced ? I answer, that there shall be
a majority in case of division; because, under the
House bill, if there should be an equal division, the
board would be powerless, and nothing accom-
plished.
But my colleague says that the Governor and
Secretary are appointed by the President of the
United States, whereas the President of the Coun-
cil and the Speaker of the House represent the
people. Indeed! They can be trusted, he affirms,
because they represent the people! How do they
represent the people? Each of them was chosen
Councilor or Representative, as the case may be,
by the people of his county; and his associates in
the Coutfeil or the House chose him to the chair.
My colleague thinks that a man who derives his
title in that way can be trusted; that a man who
has been elected by the people to represent a dis-
trict uf country, and then chosen to the chair, is
the proper man to receive and count the votes and
declare the result. Why, sir, that is the case of
John Calhoun. He was elected almost unani-
mously a delegate to the Lecompton convention
from the county of Douglas; he was elected pres-
ident of the convention; and yet, from the first
day of the session, this Chamber has been filled
with denunciations against him. At last, how-
ever, we are told that the safety of the House bill
consisted in two John Calhouns. Was ever an
excuse more preposterous?
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
made a suggestion yesterday which has been
repeated to-day in a diluted form by the Senator
from Michigan. He said thatifKansas hasapop-
ulation sufficient to be admitted as a slaveholding
State now, she has a population sufficient to be
admitted as a non-slaveholding State. Undoubt-
edly; nobody denies that; but the difficulty is that
she has only applied for admission as a slavehold-
ing State; and the Senator, with all his friends,
stands committed to that; for they received her, by
the House bill, as a slaveholding State—just as
we now do.
And so, sir, the opponents of this bill have an-
swered themselves at every stage, in regard to
every complaint,every pretense which they make
here. It is a measure which, while it preserves
the constitutional limits of the Federal Govern-
ment, and forbears to invade the rights of the
States, does, in an unobjectionable manner, by
submitting the question of admission to the peo-
ple, enable them, if they do not like the Lecomp-
ton constitution, to prevent it from taking effect.
But it is asked why, in case the people of Kan-
sas vote in the negative, we do not offer them the
alternative of another constitution? Well, sir,
they have no other, and therefore cannot be ad-
mitted. What is the question submitted? As I
stated, under this bill, the question to the people
of Kansas is, " will you come into the Union
now?" If they answer in the affirmative, well;
if in the negative, why ask them the same ques-
tion again ? Since they do not choose to be ad-
mitted at present, and have no other constitution,
there is an end of the case.
But the Senatorfrom Michigan,and the restof
these Senators, declare that if the people of Kan-
sas do notaccept this proposition, they cannotbe
admitted for an indefinite time. Well, sir, where
is the injustice of that? Kansas is to remain a
Territory until she has apopulation sufficient, ac-
cording to the ratio, for a Representative in Con-
gress. The Senator from Michigan affirms that
she has now forty thousand inhabitants. I be-
lieve the Senator from New Hampshire said so
yesterday; and all these Senators are now eager
to proclaim the fact. I suspect they speak the
truth, and fear that we committed a great mistake,
in July, 1856, when we so far yielded to their
clamor as to introduce and adopt the Toombs bill.
Having so yielded, however, on the report of these
Senators, as to the population of Kansas at that
time, and having consented that a constitution
might be formed upon the basis of the Toombs bill,
I stand here to-day, m redemption of my promise,
to vote for the admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution. But I never agreed to vote
for her admission otherwise; and if she has no
more than forty thousand inhabitants I will not
vote that two Senators shall come hither to repre-
sent a less population than eight wards of Cincin-
nati contain.
But, sir, with what face can those Senators now
say that Kansas has not ninety-three thousand in-
habitants? Does the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] say so ? If he does, it ought to admon-
ish us all that no dependence can be placed in his
statements of fact relative to Kansas. On the 9th
of April, 1856, the Senator addressed us in sup-
port of the Topeka bill; and on that occasion said:
"The constitution does not prescribe ninety-three thou-
sand seven hundred, or any other number of people, as ne-
cessary to constitute a Slate. Besides, under the present
ratio of increase, Kansas, whose population now is forty
thousand, will number one bundled thousand in a few
months. The point made concerning numbers is, therefore,
practically unimportant and frivolous."
This was on the 9th of April, 1856, two years
since. Where are the one hundred thousand in-
habitants of Kansas ? The Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] on the 20th of May, 1856,
delivered a speech on the same subject; and here
is his statement:
" It is objected that the population of Kansas if not suf-
ficient for a State; and this objection is sustained by un-
der-reckoning their numbers there, and exaggeiatmg the
numbers required by precedent. In the absence of any re-
cent census, it is impossible to do moie than approximate
to the actual population ; but, from careful inquiry of the
best sources, i am led to place it now at fifty thousand"—
it was forty thousand on the9th of April, and,
before the 20th of May, had increased to fifty
thousand—
—"though I observe that a prudent authority, the Boston
Daily Advertiser, puts it as high as sixtv thousand; and
while I speak, this remarkable population,fed by fresh em-
igration, is outs-tripping even these calculations. Nor can
there be a doubt that, before the absent of Congress can he
perfected m the oidinary course of legislation, this popula-
tion will swell to the large numbfir 01 ninety three thou-
sand lour hundred and twenty, required 111 the bill of tho
Senator from Illinois."
That was said two years ago. Well, sir, where
are all these inhabitants? Such was the pretext
made for the admission of Kansas under the To-
peka constitution. There was then no limit to the
Senators from New York and Massachusetts in
their assertions of fact, or their prophecies. Then
Kansas had foity, fifty, or sixty thousand inhab-
itants; she was to have ninety-thive thousand be-
fore the bill could even be passed in Congress,
and one hundred thousand in a few months. But
now, sir, when the Lecompton constitution is
before us, two years after thes'* statements and
prophecies, we are assured that Kansas contains
not more than forty thousand inhabitants. Had
she forty thousand ? Has she ever had those
magnificent numbers promised us by the Senators
from Massachusetts and New York two years
ago? If so, she has been decreasing in popula-
tion of late, and at such a ratio of dec; ease, unless
soon admitted, never can become a State.
This shows that whenever an assertion of fact
is necessary for political purposes, there will be
somebody to manufacture it, and that even Sena-
tors, representing the sovereign constituencies of
this Union, will be so far misled as to aflirm here,
solemnly, what is, after all, a mere and gross
falsehood. If Kansas has but forty thousand peo-
ple, she ought not to come into the Union; and 1
excuse my vote solely on the ground that the Le-
compton constitution was formed under the pro-
visions of the Toombs bill. We agreed on those
provisions. It was no question whether the bill
should pass Congress or pass the Legislature.
The question was whether, if, under the safe-
guards and upon the principles developed in that
bill, a convention of delegates should be chosen
by the people, we would abide by the result ? I
said that I would. I made no condition to the ef-
fect that all the qualified electors should attend the
polls. I supposed that those who absented them-
selves would be bound by the action of those who
voted. I will follow the Toombs bill to the end;
but I will follow no other. If it be true, in spite
of representations made here in April and May,
1856, on the faith of which I voted for the Toombs
bill, as others did, that Kansas has not now more
than forty thousand inhabitants, I will not au-
thorize her to make any other constitution with a
view to her admission as a State.
Who is to complain of this ? We inquire of
Kansas, " will you come into the Union now
