1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2411
of negotiation with the British Government. The
negotiation was in safe hands. He had every
confidence that it would be well managed'. But
nothing, he would submit, was better calculated
to give weight to argument and emphasis to di-
plomacy than to be prepared to defend our rights
if negotiations failed.
He hoped that the conduct of these British naval
officers would be repudiated by their Government,
and that ample reparation would be made for the
outrages which had been committed upon our
rights and upon our honor.
It cannot be denied, however, that these out-
rages have been too numerous, and too long con-
tinued, to admit the idea that they are accidental.
It is clear that they spring from system and de-
sign. Whence that design emanates, it is impos-
sible to say. Time will determine. We must
look at the case in all its aspects, and be prepared
for any contingency that may arise. For one,
he was prepared to say, that the claim to the
right of visitation or search is one that can never
be allowed to the British navy. It is injurious
to our honor, and invasive of our rights, and is
founded in a false interpretation of international
law.
Mr. B. proceeded to suggest many considera-
tions on this subject, going to show the necessity
for the construction of a number of small steam
vessels of war, and gave notice that he would
move an amendment to the bill, giving authority
for their construction.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
The following clause being under consideration:
" For increase, repair, armament, and equipment of the
Navy, including the wear and teai of vessels iu commis-
sion. fuel for steamer?, and purchase of hemp for the Navv,
$2,850,000,"
Mr. BRANCH moved to strike out the words
" fifty thousand dollars," and said: I had already
made up my mind that the circumstances sur-
rounding our public affairs at this time render it
proper that there should be an increase in bur
naval force, before .hearing the perspicuous re-
marks of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
* Affairs, [Mr. Bocuck.] I have not, therefore, in
offering this amendment, designed to indicate any
desire to reduce the amount of appropriation ap-
plicable to an increase of our Navy; but simply
to call the attention of the committee to the indef-
inite character of this clause of the bill. It will
be observed that it appropriates $'2,850,000 for
inerease, repair, armament, and equipment of the
Navy, including the wear and tear of vessels in
commission, fuel for steamers, and purchase of
hemp for the Navy. I think it of great import-
ance to make all appropriations specific, as far as
circumstances will permit, and objcct to the un-
specific character of the appropriations made by
this clause.
By referring to the estimates laid before us at
the commencement of the present session, for in-
formation as to what objects are embraced under
that item, I find there is nothing to throw light
upon it, except the simple words " construction,
&c., $2,850,000." I find that in the same book
of estimates almost an entire page, in small type,
is taken up with small items in regaid to the medi-
cal bureau, altogether amounting to only $32,150,
while only one word and a few figures are de-
voted to explaining to the House the objects to
which this large appropriation is designed to be
applied. If it is for an increase of the Navy, that
is very well; but as I understand it, we are to be
called upon hereafter to vote a separate and spe-
cific appropriation for increasing the Navy. If it
is for repairs, we ought to have some specification
of the items in the way of repairs which arc to
cost more than two and a half million dollars.
Then theie is the general clause for the " equip-
ment of the Navy, including the wear and tear of
vessels in commission, and fuel for steamers."
Now, it seems to me that, at least, we might have
a separate estimate of what the fuel for our steam-
ers would cost; that we might be informed by
some persons connected with the Navy Depart-
ment how much fuel our war steamers consume,
and how-much we should appropriate to pur-
chase if.
Again: there is the clause " for the purchase of
hemp." I think we might have information as
to how much of this appropriation is to bo ap-
plied to the purchase of that article.
I object to this system which has grown up, of
grouping a great many objects together, no way
congruous to one another, and appropriating a
large sum of money in general terms, which, in
fact, amounts to no more nor less than allowing
the heads of bureaus to expend the money for
such objects as they may please.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
from North Carolina takes exception to this item
of $2,850,000 on account of the appropriation not
being sufficiently stated in detail. The chief part
of this appropriation of two million and odd dol-
lars is consumed in the reconstruction of ships
which, perhaps, in less than two years will be
otherwise entirely useless.
The Secretary of the Navy has again and again
urged upon Congress the policy and expediency
of constructing new vessels of a proper class; but
up to this time Congress has pertinaciously re-
fused to appropriate money to build steam ves-
sels of a light draught, and has gone on, in the
teeth of the recommendations of the Secretary of
the Navy, and of all the officers of the Navy, and
has appropriated money to reconstruct old sail-
ing-vessels. Part of this appropriation is for that
purpose.
Now, I wish to say in regard to the estimates,
that the gentleman from North Carolina did not
read the caption, which is a little fuller than
what he did read. But the Secretary of the Navy
has in his Department—as have all the other heads
of Departments—everything that goes to make up
this estimate. At the opening of the Congress, the
book of estimates is laid upon the desk of every
member; and it is the duty of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and the piivilegeof every mem-
ber of Congress, to go to the Departments and
examine into the details which make up the es-
timates. But to facilitate the transaction of busi-
ness, it becomes necessary to condense them.
I will add that the Committee of Ways and
Means have examined the details, and compared
them with formed estimates; and they have not
recommended the appropriation of a single dollar,
except the amount necessary to carry out the laws
of Congress. The gentleman from North Car-
olina has had his book of estimates since the com-
mencement of the session; and it was his privilege
at any time to go to the Departments and exam-
ine the details of these estimates.
Mr. BUANCH. I understand that the very
object of having the estimates laid before us is
that they may be in a convenient and accessible
form for each member to refer to without having
the trouble of going to the Departments.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I would say to the
gentleman that the present mode of preparing the
estimates is in strict conformity with law. Jf the
gentleman from North Carolina will modify the
law, the Secretary will comply with if; hut these
estimates are in compliance with law.
Mr. BRANCH. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BOWIE. I offer the following amendment:
For Poit Madison, in the harbor of Annapolis, $15,000,
m aid of the national Naval School at that point.
Now, sir, thatamendment is in order here; and
it is in order everywhere, and at all times. It is
for the protection of your great school of naval
tactics. It is in order, because it proposes to sup-
ply a national want, and not a sectional one. It
is something that appeals to the great heart of the
nation. It is something that appeals to the pat-
riotism of every man in the country, whether he
comes from the North or the South, from the
Easf or the West.
Now, sir, this Naval School at Annapolis hap-
pens to be in my congressional district. I take
care of it for that reason, and also because it is a
part of the glory of the great country in which I
live. It belongs to you as well as to Maryland;
and you are bound to provide for thus great na-
tional defense. You may very well leave out
some of the appropriations which have been re-
jected by Congress, but you cannot leave out this,
because it is one of the great defenses of your
capital. Everyman who has read the history of
the last war with Great Britain knows very well
how the enemy insidiously attacked us. [Laugh-
ter.] Every man knows that they first attempted
to come up the Potomac, but Fort Washington
was in the way to blow up their ships, and they
could not come up. Weil, then they tried to go
up to Baltimore, but Fort Mclicnry was in the
way to blowthsm up, and they could not pass it.
They landed three miles below it, and marched
nine or ten miles to the city of Baltimore.
Suppose that a war were to take place to-mor-
row between this country and England: we all
know thata treaty of alliance exists between Eng-
land and France, and no man can doubt for a mo-
ment that those two countries would join in an
invasive war against the United States of Amer-
ica. The truth is, that I want no alliance with
any nation. I want the great progress of De-
mocracy. [Laughter.] 1 do not mean Democ-
racy, mind you, in the sense of sectionalism, Or in
the sense of mere partyism; but I mean that eter-
nal Democracy which comes from a power higher
even than conventions—the Democracy of the
people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL,'of Kentucky. I propose A
the following amendment:
After line twenty-one insert as follows: if
Provided, That there shall not be purchased any larger
quantity of hemp of foreign growth for the use of the Navy
than <?ha!l he teqmred to meet the deficiency m the supply
of the American article, as reported to the Navy Depart-
ment from quarter to quarter, by the agents appointed to
procure the article of American giowth.
I will not detain the committee by any extended
remarks. That proviso embodies the best plan I
can devise to compel the execution of the existing
law, according to its true spirit. Year afteryear,
for a long series of years, it has been the effort of
Congress to have the article of American water-
rotted hemp used by the American Navy. Some
cause continues to prevent our success. Upon
examination in the Department during the week
past, I ascertained that we had only been so far
successful as to have secured the purchase of
seventy-four tons of the American article for the
use of the American Navy within the last five
years. Now, sir, there are many constituents of
my own who would supply the Department with
American water-rotted hemp; indeed, one did
make a contract with the Department for the sup-
ply of four hundred and fifty tonsperannum of the
American article; but the Department vacated that
contract, and seems afterwards to have failed to
j procure any of the American article for national
i upc. It will be perceived by the House at once,
j that the object of my amendment is to require
I American hemp to be purchased for the use of the
l American Navy, and to compel the Department
| to comply with the action of Congress.
I A Member. Provided the American article is
! as e:ood.
| Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It must be
as good, for it will have to bear the same test.
The existing law does not require that it shall be
taken except when it bears the same test. My
amendment is offered in good faith, and I trust
it will meet the approbation of the committee.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky by adding
at the end, the following:
Provided, It can be purchased oil a-4 good terms, price
and quality con&ideied, as it can tie gotten elaevvhere.
It appeals to me that this is a new feature of
the protective system. 1 acknowledge, with the
gentleman from Kentucky, that if we have the
rn^ans within ourselves of supplying our ships
with everything that is necessary, I should pre-
fer that it should be done; but I gather from hear-
ing the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky read, that if we pass a law to that effect it
will place such restriction upon the Navy Depart-
ment that they would be compelled to purchase
their hemp without regaid to pi ice or quality. I
think it would be placing the Government com-
pletely iu the power of the hemp-growers. I
gather from the amendment of the gentleman that
there is not hemp enough of proper quality raised
in the country to supply what the Navy needs.
Then, if such be the fact, those who raise itwould
have it in their power to demand just such a price
and to impose upon the country just such an arti-
cle as they think fit. I certainly have no dispo-
sition to deprive the American hemp-growers of
any advantage they can have consistent with the
actual interest of the Government. If it can be
purchased as good and at as good prices of them
as it can be elsewhere, I am ready, so far as my
vote is concerned, toaccord to them that measuie
of protection; but I must protest against passing
any law that will placc the Government, as to
