350
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 28,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
Suppose she says, " no; I will not. I will not
come in becausc I do not like my present consti-
tution;" or "because I demand the thirty mil-
lions of public lands claimed in my ordinance;"
or " because I have notenough population to bear
the expenses of a State government;" or for any
other reason: then why authorize her at once to
form a new constitution, or seek admissiorf into
the Union ? I will authorize her to do that when-
ever she has a sufficient population. We should
have required it in the first place. From that, in
my opinion, most of the troubles in Kansas have
arisen. I said here two years ago that I did not
believe the question of slavery could accouni for
all those troubles: they result from the conduct
of mere speculators and rival aspirants to office
in the Territory, who have been anxious to stim-
ulate a small community into the proportions of
a full-grown State. It is quite remarkable that
free-State partisans, so called, should be so indus-
trious in voting whenever there is an election for
officers. They could vote at the election for mem-
bers of the Territorial Legislature in October,
1857, and for members of the Legislature and
State officers in January, 1858; but whenever the
question of slavery was involved, whether at the
election of delegates to the constitutional conven-
tion, or the vote upon the seventh article of the
constitution in December last, they were indus-
triously absent.
But, sir, does my honorable friend, the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] complain of the
population required by this bill? I have before
me another bill:
"In tin* Senate of the United States, March 17,185G:
"Mr. Douglas, from the Committee on Territories, re-
ported the following bill; <A bill to authorize the people of
the Territory of Kansas to form a constitution and Statu gov-
ernment, preparatory to their ad mission into the Union when
they have the requisite population.' "
This bill of the Senator from Illinois provides—
" That whenever it shall appear, hy a census to be taken
under the direction oi the Governor, hy the uutlioi iry of the
JLegislaturc, that there shall be ninety tluee thousand fmu
hundred and twenty inhabitants (that being the number re-
quired by the present ratio of representation lor a member
of Congress) within the limits hereinafter described in the
Territory of Kansas, the Legislature of said Territory shall
be, and is hereby, authorized to provide by law for the elec-
tion of delegates by the people ot said Territory to assemble
in convention and form a constitution and State govern-
ment preparatory to their admission into the Union on an
equal footing wuh the original States in ail respects what-
soever."
That is the very provision of this bill. We
have taken his own proposition, as reported from
the Committee on Territories, if this be too an-
cient, let us read the amendment to the Arizona
bill, presented on the 8th of April, 1858, by the
Senator from Illinois, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories. The fourth section of that amendment
or substitute is:
" Sec. 4. Jind he it further enactcd, That whenever said
Territories [New Mexico and Arizona] shall contain a .suffi-
cient population to constitute a ritatc—to wit: tin- number
required by the then ratio or representation for a member
of Congress, to be ascertained by a census taken in puinu-
ance ot law—the legislature Territory may proceed
lo call a convention for the purpose of lormmg a constitu-
tion of State government; which constitution shall be sub-
mitted to the people for ratification or rejection ; and if rati-
fied by a majority of the legal voters, in the limits of the
proposed State, but not otherwise, may be sent to Congress
in the form of an application for admission into the Union
on an equal fooling with the othci States, with such bound-
aries as Congress bhall prescribe. This section shall be, and
is hereby, incorporated into and made a part of the oigitmc
law of each of the Territories of the United States, except
the Territory of Utah."
So that if we should strike out the alternative
proposed by the committee of conference and leave
this a bill for submitting the question of present
admission to the people of Kansas, the Senator's
bill for Arizona would supply the rest.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My friend from Ohio is un-
der some slight misapprehension in regard to my
views upon that question. I say to him now that
if he will strike out all about the Lecompton con-
stitution, and provide that neither Kansas nor any
other Territory of the United States shall form a
constitution and State government and come into
the Union until it has the requisite population for
a Representative to Congress, I will vote for it.
My objection is to saying to Kansas, " you may
come in with forty thousand if you take a consti-
tution you do not like; but you shall wait until
you have one hundred thousand unless you vote
for that particular constitution." If you will make
the rule general, apply it to Kansas and all other
Territories, I will vote for it to-day or any other
day.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I have said before
that the Lecompton constitution is not submitted
to a popular vote; we do not propose to " force"
the people of Kansas one way or another. Every
Senator knows that these grants of public lands,
which are said to be bribes, are grants made in
the case of every new State, and that they will as
certainly be made when Kansas comes into the
Union two, six, or ten years hence, as if it were
so provided now. She must be a State before we
can give them to her, and that is the only reason
why we do not now give them in any event; and
hence I say that is an immaterial element in the
question. The real question is as the Senator
from Michigan stated it at the beginning of the
session. He said the people of Kansas might
not desire to come into the Union, and this with-
out the least reference to the Lecompton Consti-
tution. That question we now propoun'd to the
people: do you desire to come in ? If so, as you
have no other constitution but that formed at Le-
compton, we must recognize that or none.
I bound myself—and so did my friend from Il-
linois—by voting for the Toombs bill, that upon
any constitution framed under the provisions of
that bill, I would waive the question of popula-
tion; but I neveragreedto that waiverinany other
event; and now, since the Toombs bill has been
executed, all its force spent; now that it has
failed, if you please, by reason of the fact that
some of the people of Kansas would not vote at
an election where they could have faiily and truly
expressed their wishes; now that every argument
of peace and conciliation and compromise has
been made and rejected; now when another op-
portunity is given for the people of Kansas to be-
come a State, with full power and authority to
rectify and amend all their institutions in then-
own way; if they refuse that, I throw aside the
Toombs bill, and follow the lead of my honorable
friend from Illinois in his bill to authorize a con-
stitution and State government when Kansas shall
have the requisite population. That is my posi-
tion; and I state it to the Senate in defense of the
report of the committee of conference. 1 stated,
when the House bill was before us, that I was
willing to give the people of Kansas, in any form
in which 1 could constitutionally do it, a right to
vote for or against Lecompton. I cannot remit
the constitution to them directly; but I will do
whatever else I can. If they reject this bill, let
them wait until they have a right to admission,
and then demand it.
The Senator from Michigan declares that we do
not settle the question,and all these Senators have
prophesied civil war. Mr. President, I am tired
of such prophecies. lean only declare this, in
my opinion, a fair and honest proposition; and if
the people of Kansas consult their own interests,
they will at once silence all agitation. If they are
sufficiently numerous to take upon themselves the
burdens of a State government, they should come
into the Union, and, if there be anything amiss
in their constitution, proceed, in a regular, or-
derly manner, to reform it. If they have not
the numbers sufficient to justify admission, they
should peaceably go about their business, tilling
their farms, until they have a population suffi-
cient to bear such burdens.
But, sir, how much do circumstances alter
cases! When the Topeka constitution was be-
fore us, in April, 1S56, we were urged to admit
Kansas at any hazard, no matter what her con-
stitution, no matter how irregular, no matter how
formed. We were told that her case was so
urgent, her distress so great, that the mere admis-
sion of her as a State, the mere elevation of her to
sovereign dignity, without anything else, would
heal all her wounds and infirmities. The Senator
from New York said so in his speech of April 9,
1856, from which I before quoted:
" Congress has power to admit new States thus organ-
ized. The favorable exercise of that power will terminate
and crown the revolution. Once a State, the people of
Kansas can preserve internal ordei, and defend themselves
against invasion. Thus, the constitutional lemedy is ac ef-
fectual as it is peaceful and simple.
<{ This is the remedy for the evils exiting in the Terri-
tory of Kansas, which 1 propose. Happily, there is no need
to prove it to be either a lawful one or a proper one, or the I
only possible one." I
He urged the immediate admission of Kansas
upon a constitution acknowledged to be irregular.
He contended that the urgency was so great we
should overlook all the requisites of law. He
said that, once a State, Kansas would instantly
be relieved from all her troubles. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] took up the
wondrous tale. In his speech of May 20, 1856,
that Senator said:
4< Next, and lastly, comes the remedy of justice and peace,
proposed by the Senator from New Yoi'k, [Mr. Seward.]
and embodied in his bill for the immediate admission of Kan-
sas as a State of this Union, now pending as a substitute
for the bill of the Senator from Illinois."
Not the admission of Kansas as a free State—
not the admission of Kansas with any particular
constitution—but the mere admission of Kansas
m any form. He continued:
" Rarely has any proposition, so simple in character, so
entiiely practicable, so absolutely withm your power, been
presented, which promised at once such beneficent lesults.
In its adoption, the crime against Kansas will all be happily
absolved, the usurpation which it. established \yili be peace-
fully suppiessed, and order will be permanently secured.
By a joyful metamorphosis, this fair Territory may be saved
from outrage."
Sir, the Senator ascended into rhyme, and here
it is:
" <Oh, help,' she cries,'m this extremest need,
If you who hear are deities indeed ;
Gape, earth, and make for this dread foe a tomb,
Or change my form, whence all my sorrows come.' "
Two years ago, admission, in any form, in any
circumstances, would relieve Kansas at once. It
was her territorial form which caused all the
trouble; and if she could be relieved of that by Con-
gress, she would be instantly quiet. Well, sir,
we now offer the boon—that which can lift from
the earth her pale and bleeding form, heal every
wound, hide her nakedness and shame. "We offer
it with a declaration by the President and both
Houses of Congress, that her people shall hence-
forth, if admitted into the Union, be their own mas-
ters, make and unmake their constitution at will,
retain Lecompton, or amend or abolish it, as they
please. But, withal, the Senator from Michigan
warns us—perhaps m behalf of his new allies—
that this controversy will enter into the next pres-
idential election. Be it so. If the people of the
United States—the people of the northern States
and the people of the southern States—have not
the virtue, the self-command, the patriotism, to
restrain so disgraceful an exhibition as we have
seen for the last three years, one which sacrifices
everything to the aggrandizement of mere parti-
san leaders, they have not the virtue longer to
maintain a republican form of government; and
it can make little difference what ensues.
Here is a Government, formed by wise and pa-
triotic statesmen, who established its foundations
,on a principle of equality as between the States
and the people of the States. They believed
that non-slaveholding and slaveholdmg States
could remain together in union, upon terms of
equality, peace, and justice, under the protection
ot a common Government. Prom a few feeble
colonies on the Atlantic, we have risen to be the
mightiest empire in the history of time. Our
emigration has crossed the Alleghanies, and new
communities, new sovereignties, are gathered
along the Mississippi, from its sources near the
lakes to its mouth in the Gulf of Mexico. This
Government has protected us in the days of our
youth and until now. It has been full of blessing
to us and to all our constituents. If it is to be
sacrificed, if this Kansas game of foot-ball is to
be played every four years, at the expense of alt
our peace and safety, and as a means whereby
this uiau or that man or the other man shall be
elevated to the presidential chair and have the
disposition of office and patronage, then our lib-
erties are lost, and the form of our Government
is immaterial.
But, sir, I hope otherwise. The people of Kan-
sas may act unwisely now as heretofore. Expe-
rience is a hard master, and they have learned
his discipline. I trust they will seek redress in
this peaceable manner; but if not, if they persist
in a disturbance so causeless in subjugating the
▼ital necessities of thirty millionsof people to their
miserable disputes and quarrels, I believe we have
yet wisdom enough,outside of Kansas, to lot them
alone, and turn our attention to other and more
important affairs. I am sorry to have taxed the
indulgence of the Senate at such length.
