302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
the ordinary business which is and will be referred
to them. I desife to see a committee organized
that will command the respect and confidence of
the country; and when the Speaker of the House
shall be called upon to form a committee on this
subject-matter, he will have it in his power to con-
sider the piopnety of appointment to that com-
mittee. As a matter of course, if a select com-
mittee be ordered, it will be one favorable to the
subject; but on that committee the opponents of
the measure are entitled to be represented; and I
have no doubt that if my amendment be adopted, a
committee fairly reflecting the interests represented
on this floor—the interests of those in favor of
diffeient routes, and of those opposed to the meas-
ure—will be appointed. I only ask the House
not to send this subject-matter to a committee,
the chairman of which I know is opposed to this
measure.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I thinlc, sir, the
gentleman from Missouri is too late with his res-
olution. 1 think the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. J. Glancy Jones,] who introduced
these resolutions lor referring the message, dis-
posed of this subject in one of the resolutions,
passed over by this committee to be icported to
the House, 'i he fourth resolution is:
That .so much of the said and accompanying
/3oei!i Hiu« n-* iHires to the Army of ilie United Unites the
r,ii; ins of four additional regiments ami the construction of
ainslitarj- road through the territon^- ot the United States,
be ictemd to the Committee on Military Affaiio "
Q,uotmg, I believe, the very language used by
the President in his message upon tins subject.
He places the power to construct this road upon
the ground that it is one of the military defenses
of the country, and in the exact language by
which lie characterizes it, you have disposed of
the subject, and therefore this resolution is, in
my opinion, out of order at this time.
But, sir, the gentleman from Missouri said that
I was opposed to this project, and 1 take occasion
here to say that I do disagree with the President
utterly and entirely upon this subject. I believe
that there is no such power as he claims delegated
to Congress, either under the war-making power
or any other power, to make roads or canals by
this Government. The Piesident tells us that
former experience lias taught him that a strict
construction of the Constitution is the only true
or s.ift coui se for this Government to pin sue; but
then iv comes in with what, in my humble judg-
ment, is one of the most far-fetched and erroneous
constructions of the Constitution that ever was
adopted or proposed by any man in thw country.
He places it upon the giound that this road is
absolutely necessary to the defense and protection
of the nauon, and to repel invasion. Sir, if it
be absolutely necessary and indispensable, there
must be no other way by which we can protect
the Pacific coast from invasion. Now, sir, I say
that there is another mode. I say that there is a
clear constitutional mode by which it may be
done. And what is that? It is to laise an army
and provide a fleet, and send them round there—
to rai.se an army, if you please, of half a million
men, or a million men. That would be constitu-
tional. And there being one way m wh.ch this
can be done, I say that it is neither absolutely
necessary nor indispensable to build such a road
for such a purpose; and therefore, in my judg-
ment, the grounds upon which the President
places tins subject cannot be sustained.
These,sir,are my views, very briefly expressed.
I concur with the Piesident, that a strict con-
struction of the delegated powers of this Govern-
ment is the only safe and true theory of the Gov-
ernment, and i am sorry he has not adhered to it
in his lecommendahon; for { venture the opinion
that there is not a man in this House who would
claim this power as absolutely necessaiy to our
military defenses.
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri,
to provide that this subject shall be referred to
the Committee on Public Lauds; and in the few
remarks 1 have to make, I shall confine myself to
the paiticular subject of the anr ndment.
If gentlemen will refer to tlr t portion of the
President's message winch refers to this subject,
they will find that he connects the subject of
building a radroad to the Pacific with grants of
the public lands to such persons as may be en-
gaged in the building of that road; theiefore, i
contend that the committee which legitimately
has jurisdiction over the public lands is the proper
committee to which this portion of the message
should be referred.
I shall not on this occasion undertake to defend
the President for the view he h-"\s taken upon this
subject; nor will 1 commit myself to-day in this
House to the particular course I shall pursue. I
stand thoroughly committed at home by sixty dif-
ferent speeches which I made to my constituents
—in every one of which I took care to commit
myself upon this subject. A large portion of my
constituents believed, as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] believes, that to adopt the
views of the President would be to break down
the land-marks of the Democratic paity; but, sir,
1 sustained the sentiments advcinced by the Pres-
ident in his inaugural, when he intimated that it
might become necessary to grant a portion of the
public lands. I submitted the question fully to
my constituents, and discussed it m my humble
way to my own satisfaction, if not to the satis-
faction of all who heard me.
Now, sir, I am not going to make an issue with
the distinguished gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps ,] who thinks it important that this subject j
should be transferred from the legitimate standing i
committee, as I hold, to a select committee of thii -
teen, composed of men of talent, whose opinions
shall command the admiration of the country.
Sir, there are legitimate standing committees of
this House, formed by the Speaker of the House;
and whether their reports will be such as to com-
mand as much weight as those of the committee
which the gentleman from Missouri desires to
raise, I will not undertake to say. Sufficient is it
forme, on this occasion, to confine myself to the
question of rofeience alone.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Chairman,
as a friend of the Pacific railroad, and believing
that the Government has powerunder theConsti-
tution to construct such a road for military and
other purposes, 1 desire that this measure shall be
referred to a committee so composed that the ma-
jority shall be its known friends; and for this !
reason I am decidedly opposed to the amendment'
of the gentleman from Alabama, and in favor of
the proposition of the gentleman fiom Missouri.
How the Committee on Public Lands is consti-
tuted I know not. I have no means of knowing
that it is in favor of the measure. I desire that
it shall go to a committee known to be in favor of
it—at least a majority of the committee under-
stood to be in favor ot it. Of course the minority
should be represented upon the committee, and
ably represented; but it should be such a commit-
tee as shall secure a favorable hearing, and a report
in favor of some measure for the construction of
this great work, one of the greatest enterprises,
most necessary for the development of our re-
sources and the preservation of the country, that
can come befoie us at the present session of Con-
gress.
X hope that the friends of the measure will vote
down all propositions to refer it to any of the
standing committees, and sustain the motion of
the gentleman from Missouri. It is nut a ques-
tion particularly appropriate for the Committee
on Military Affairs, even when it is granted that
the authority to construct tins road must rest
mainly upon the power, under the Constitution,
to construct military roads. It does not follow
that because it is under this power it is to be con-
structed, that we may not appoint a select com-
mittee, with a view to the construction of a road
for military purposes. It does not follow that the
Committee on Military Affairs of this House
have a right, under the rules, to control the will
of the majority, to consider and to report on all
measures touching the military affairs of the coun-
try. When a measure of greatimportance in any
particular point of view, in regard to any interest
or any arm of the public service, is before the
country, it is entirely competent for us to com-
mit it to a select committee; and on this very sub-
ject, although we may have, no power under the
Constitution, except that to build a road for mili-
tary purposes, yet it is competent and legitimate
for us to submit it to a select committee, as has
been done heretofore. 1 hope that the precedent
which has been established m two or three pre-
ceding Congresses, will be followed by this, and.
that tlie House will vote down the proposition
to submit this question to any other than a select
committee, constituted with special reference to
bringing it before us in such manner as a measure
of so much interest and importance to the country
deserves. %
Mr. Cobb's amendment was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I move to am^nd by
increasing the number of the committee to fifteen.
Mr. Chairman, I have entire confidence m the
Committee on Roads and Canals, and in the abil-
ity and foresight of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; but this is an important
question—one in which every western man, and
every man who lives in the valley of the Missis-
sippi river feels a deep and an abiding in terest, and
should have a special reference. 1 undertake to
say that the people of this Union will, whether
for a military road or not, vote for direct taxation
in order that a road may be constructed from here
to the Pacific coast. The people of the North,
and in many parts of the Union, have no knowl-
edge of the feeling of the people of the West, and
of the valley of the Mississippi, in relation to the
construction of this road. In Illinois, and in my
district, there is no question in which so much
interest is felt as in a direct communication with
the Pacific. It is a great national work; and, sir,
if gentlemen can find no other power than to build
a nuhtary road, why, then, let us build a mili-
tary road. Every day only the more satisfies us
that it is important for the protection of our peo-
ple, who are constantly going to the Pacific, coast.
It is a matter of duty, of philanthropy; and every
man who has a friend in the Far West ought to
give his help to devise the ways and means for
the construction of such a road.
I am for a strict conduction of the Constitu-
tion; but, sir, in this question, if there is no other
power, there certainly is power to construct a
military road between this and the Pacific. And
if there ever was a measure requiring the appro-
bation and fostering care of this Government, it
is the opening of a safe, speedy, and direct com-
munication between the Atlantic and Pacific sea-
boards.
I have no desire, Mr. Chairman, to make a
speech on this or any other question; but I should
feel that I was recreant to my duty, to my con-
stituents, and the interests of the great Missis-
sippi valley, if, on an occasion like this, I did not
urge the appointment of a select committee.
Mr. SCOTT. I cannot permit the vote to be
taken without saying a few words in favor of
the very important amendment submitted by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] I come
from a portion of this Union which feels a sincere,
a deep, and an abiding interest in this question of
a Pacific railroad. It has, in fact, been the idol
of their hearts for a long while. The remaiks
made by the introducer of the amendment ire
correct; and I do not wish to see this all-import-
ant, all-absorbing, dearest object of every citizen
of the Pacific slope referred to a committee which
may possibly be overrun with ot her business, and
unable to give it the attention which it deserves.
This is no ordinary question. We find that al-
ready the officers sent out by this Government
have made surveys after surveys, which will oc-
cupy ten volumes. Maps upon maps fill these re-
ports. Mr. Stevens, Mr. Gunnison, and many
others, have maiked out routes and submitted re-
ports, and all these, I honestly believe, ought to
have a fair, candid, and thorough investigation.
We of the Pacific coast only ask justice from the
Government. We are separated from you by a
distan.ee of six thousand miles. It takes us now
some three or four weeks to reach here. I ask,
then, loving you with that feeling which is deep
in the bosom of every patriot, that, if this measure
be constitutional, as the President believes it is,
and the Representatives here are in favor of it, it
shall not be put down by referring it fo a commit-
tee that possibly may be so absorbed by other
duties as not to give it the attention which it re-
quires. I, as a representative of that State which
is now looking with anxiety and solicitude to the
action of this distinguished body upon this sub-
ject, ask and entreat you to vote for it, and I ask
you, in the name of justice, in the name ot right,
and in the name of that rising and progressive
country, to give us justice, and to give us an in-
vestigation, and we are willing to stand or "fall
upon the merits of the question.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee rise.
The motion wis not agreed to.
