1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in advocating nationality, domestic peace, and in
upholding the union of the States. Nor, sir, can
I see any particular mischief to result to the na-
tion, from proscribing religious intolerance, and
in claiming the authority of the national Govern-
ment to secure to American citizens abroad, native
and neturalized, the same religious liberty which
men of all faiths enjoy in this country.
Never, sir, was there delivered in this Hall a
more unjust and undiscriminating impeachment
of the motives and aims of honorable men, than
in the speech of the member from New York.
And yet, sir, he, and the Administration who ap-
plauded his philippic to the echo, are now earnestly
appealing to my American friends from the South
in this their hour of extremity. It is the same
scene afcted over in the pages of the great dram-
atist on the Rialto. Shylock, when his help was
not needed, was a mercenary Jew—everything
that was vile. But when his money was wanted,
his revilers were very complaisant, and could
flatter and cajole in the most nauseating style.
His answer might well serve my South American
friends at this time:
Well, then, it now appears you need my help;
Go to, then; you come to me, and you say,
< Shylock we would have moneysyou say so;
You, that did void your lheum upon my beard,
And foot me, as you spurn a stranger cur
Over your threshold; moneys is your suit.
What shall I say to you ? Should I not say,
' Hath a dog money ? [sit possible
A cur can lend three thousand ducats?' or
Shall I bend low, and in a bondman's key,
Willi 'bated breath and whispering humbleness,
Say tins—
' Fair sir, you spit on me on Wednesday last;
You spurned me such a day; another time
You called me—dog; and for these courtesies
I'll lend you thus much moneys.' "
No, sir, if I mistake not, my American friends
will rally in sufficient force with the true friends
of the country to save it from the horrors of civil
war—to defeat the unconstitutional aims and doc-
trines of the President and his followers, and to
vindicate their pledges of loyalty to the Consti-
tution and the Union. Such an act they will never
repent, for they will be defending principles for
which oceans of blood have been shed; they will
prevent civil war; they will maintain the violated
rights of the oppressed people of Kansas; they
will restore peace to a troubled country; they will
allay fanatical agitation on either hand, and they
will earn the eternal gratitude of the country for
a noble and inspiriting exhibition of patriotic vir-
tue, at a time when the union of brave men can
ward off a dark and lowering cloud, ominous with
evil of the most fearful character.
The friends of peace, they who uphold the sov-
ereign rights of the people; they who look upon
civil waras the greatest calamity that can befal the
country; they who sincerely wish to putan end to
the strife that has so long distracted the people
of Kansas, by giving full effect to their wishes,
have an easy mode of solving existing difficulties.
That opportunity is presented in the amendment
offered by Mr. Crittenden, in the Senate, refer-
ring the whole subject back to the people to whom
it belongs. If doubt rests upon such an important
question,it ought to be cleared up; the true state
of things ought to be ascertained, and the voice
of the sovereign authority, that which makes con-
stitutions, and to whose breath we owe our official
existence, ought to be carefully sought for, and
honestly enforced.
Let others act as they may, I shall stand by
the people; I shall maintain their cause and rights
against the excesses and usurping pretensions of
power. If they are stricken down, I prefer rather
to fall with them, than to rise by the betrayal of
their interests.
Mr. LANE obtained the floor; but yielded to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill (H. R. No. 306) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1858, and had corae to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday.
[Cries of " Oh no !"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no quo-
rum here to adjourn over.
Mr. HOUSTON called for a division.
Mr. FLORENCE. No member seems desirous
of continuing this debate. If the House will con-
sent to proceed to private business to-morrow, I
will withdraw my motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to order.
Debate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my motion.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to; and
thereupon (at five o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 27, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER laid before the House resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Washington Territory
relative to the construction of a national railroad
across the continent, from the Atlantic States to
the Pacific ocean; which was referred to the select
committee on the Pacific railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
EMPLOYES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. HOUSTON, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk, the Doorkeeper, and the Post-
master, of the House of Representatives, each furnish tothe
Speaker, to be submitted to the House, a list containing the
names of each and eveiy person appointed by each one of
the,m, respectively, and when appointed, together with the
services performed by said appointee, the salary or compen-
sation each appointee receives for said services—specifying
the law under which said appointment was made.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTING CUSTOM'S REVENUE.
Mr. J. qLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report two bills
from the Committee of Ways and Means, in order
to have them printed and re-referred to that com-
mittee. They are very short bills, but necessary
to the business of the country, and my object is,
to have them in the possession of the Committee
of Ways and Means, so that we shall be able to
have action upon them before the close of the ses-
sion.
There being no objection, a bill making appro-
priation for the expenses of collecting the revenue
from customs was read a first and second time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether that bill does not make an appropriation
and will not have to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It will. My ob-
ject is (as this is not a regular appropriation bill)
to have it within the reach of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and printed, so that when the
committee reports between this time and the ad-
journment of the House, we may be able to bring
it up before the House, and have it put upon its
passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is one point
to which 1 would call the gentleman's attention, .
and which, I hope, he will lake into his consider- j
ation. If I recollect aright, the expenses of col- j
lecting the revenue are appropriated by joint res- j
olution, and that is a permanent appropriation. I
Since the passage of that resolution in 1850, or ,
1851, there have been no estimates and no appro- j
priations made for that branch of the service. I j
think that such large amounts, and, in fact, all j
sums, should be appropriated every year. For j
my part, I think that the best way to provide for |
the payment of these expenses is by having the j
items inserted in the regular annual appropriation |
bills. !
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. My object is to !
get this bill within the reach of the Committee of
Ways and Means. When it comes up, the gen-
tleman may offer his amendment. I hope, there-
fore, there will be no objection. i
The bill was recommitted to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
ORGANIZATION OF THE TREASURY-
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES also, from the same
committee, reported a bill modifying the first sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act to amend an act en-
titled 'An act to provide forthe better organization
of the Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keep-
ing, transfer, and disbursement of the public rev-
enue;' " which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the Committee  of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
LAND OFFICES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COBB. I ask the consent of the House
to have taken from the Speaker's table a Senate
bill establishing additional land offices in Cali-
fornia. It is a public measure of much import-
ance to the country.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman knew what it was
he would not object.
Mr. SEWARD. If it does not take the gen-
tleman long to make his statement I am willing
to hear him; but I wish to introduce bills myself.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman allow me to
state the facts ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will hear what the gen-
tleman wants; but I see that objections are made
all round.
Mr. COBB. The Government has ordered
sales of public lands in California, and the bill is
to establish land offices for the purpose.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish the gentleman from
Alabama to understand that I am opposed to this
irregular mode of doing business. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular or-
der of business.
ORSAMUS B. MATTESON.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the report of the se-
lect committee appointed in the matter of 0. B.
Matteson.
Mr. SEWARD. In considering this question,
and on looking into the authorities, I find that
there is no well-settled judicial authority in this
country in relation to the power of the House of
Representatives or of the Senate. One of the first
cases that I find where the-question of the power
of the House and Senate has been investigated
thoroughly, is a case that occurred in 1798, on an
impeachment before the House of Representa-
tives, under the Constitution of the United States,
which was supposed at that time to give jurisdic-
tion to the House to impeach a Senator. It was
the case of William Blount, to be found in the
Annals of Congress, Fifth Congress, and volume
1, page 499, where his impeachment will be
found.
The authority .set up will be found in the third
article, fourth section of the Consiitution of the
United States, which reads thus:
" The Piesident, Vice President, and all civil officers
of the United States, shall be removed from office on im-
peachment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other
high crimes and misdemeanors."
It was believed that the term " civil officers of
the United States" applied to Senators and Rep-
resentatives, and hence articles of impeachment
were drawn up in the House of Representatives,
and the case sent to the Senate for trial. But that
impeachment failed for want of jurisdiction, not
only of the House, but of the Senate, to try him
for any crime known to the laws of the country.
! The basis of the charge against him was for high
| crimes and misdemeanors in conspiring and con-
! triving to create and set on foot a military expe-
1 dition against the Government of Spain. The
! whole case came up for discussion in regard to
the power of the House or Senate to try a mem-
ber for any crime known to the laws of the coun-
try. After the question had been debated at great
length, the Senate decided that they had not ju-
risdiction. The following is the decision in that
case, delivered by the Vice President of the United
States:
" The court, after having given the most mature ami
rioiN consideration to the question, and to the full and aMe
auruments uiged on both sides, iia-s come to the,decision
winch I am now about to deliver.
*• The court is ot opinion that the matter alleged in ue
