352
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill—Mr, Brown.
Senate.
was thrown up at the end of two years, upon an
experience that the contractor did not comply
with its provisions, and that his reporters were
very inferior. It has gone on by a system of con-
tract arid engagements, from that time up to the
present. I am sure I have the concurrence of all
Senators who have looked at it, in the opinion
which I am now to express, that there are at this
time to be found in the Senate as efficient, labo-
rious, and accurate a corps of reporters as can be
found anywhere. None can look at the paper
which we get daily, and see there the amount of
reporting, and the accuracy of reporting, given to
us the day after a debate transpires, without being
impressed with the perfect organization of that
corps; and y#.t I am not satisfied with it. I con-
firm altogether what came from the Senator from
Georgia, that we commenced by paying the con-
tractor a certain amount per column, and we have
gone on adding sops, and more sops, from time
to time, until the amount of the original engage-
ment has been very much increased—how much
I do not know, for it has been done in various
ways, and amongst the latest was a provision that
was passed here a few years ago making his pa-
per transmissible, free of postage, through the
mails.
My attention was drawn to this during the pres-
ent session, and very recently by having read a
circular note that was addressed by the editor of
the paper which is the reporting paper, the Daily
Globe, I suppose to all Senators, which impressed
me with the idea that he in some way presumed
upon his position here, as the official reporter of
the Senate, to indulge in a license to write a note
impudent, intrusive, and insolent. The sub-
stance of it was, that Senators had taken the lib-
erty, after their remarks had been made, to cor-
rect the report of them before it went to press—
a liberty which he would not thereafter indulge
them in; and coupled with this was the intima-
tion that they had not only availed themselves of
the privilege which he had extended to them to
correct their own remarks, but that they had at
the same time perverted remarks made by other
Senators, interrupting them in the course of the
debate. I laid the note by for future use, I have
it not here, but I dare say other Senators 
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him, as 1 suppose he desires to
be very accurate, whether he is not in error on
one point—whether the intimation was, not that
Senators had perverted the remarks of others,
but that, by altering their own, they deprived the
remarks of others of effect?
Mr. MASON. I have not read the note since
it was first sent to us. I laid it by—and I have no
doubt 1 could find itagain—intending to produce
it to the Senate when this question came up. It
has come up incidentally on an appropriation bill,
and therefore I have not an opportunity of refer-
ring to it. I do not think the Senator from New
York is correct in his recollection, though he may
be,["Heis!"l but it is perfectly immaterial. The
idea conveyed by it was, that a Senator availed
himself of the opportunity to correct his remarks,
to pervert the meaning of the remarks of others
connected with his, by altering the report of others,
or altering his own—perfectly immaterial which.
It was ascribing to a Senator the idea of an eva-
sion, an escape from a committal which he might
have made, by availing himself of the privilege of
a revisal of the notes to alter his own remarks or
those of the interjector—I care not which.
This struck me at the time as evidence of the
fact that, if the Senate were to have a reporter of
the debates, which I believe is useful and proper,
the system must be changed in some way; and 1
became impressed with this, (which I am rather
disposed to think is the fact,) that this system of
reporting, originating at first some ten or eleven
years ago, with a purpose of the Senate to have
their debates reported lor general information and
for future history, has degenerated into the abuse
of making it the mere support of a newspaper—I
ought not to say a newspaper, for there is very
little news in it, but the support of a daily press.
I see no reason for that whatever; and I am free
to say that I think the time has come when, in
some way, the Senate should avail itself of the
great improvement—almost perfection — which
has been attained in reporting; for it has been
attained here, without having the incubus of a
press to be carried by it. I have no grievance
with that press, none whatever, that induces me
to make these remarks; but I make them from a
consciousness that it has degenerated into an
abuse that has carried that paper free through the
mails—a provision against which I voted some
three or four years ago. I do not recollect the
amount of the subscription to this register of de-
bates which the public pays, but it is very large
on the part of each Senator. I think the time has
arrived when we shall find it desirable to avail
jourselves of the skill which has been attained by
the reporting corps, for the advantage of the Sen-
ate and of the country; but at the same time to
rid us of the abuse of making that skill sustain a
press without value of any kind whatever.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have distinct recollection
of the circular letter to which the Senator from
Virginia refers, but my memory of its contents is
very different from that which he has stated. I
think the contract which is made with Mr. Rives
provides in terms for an accurate and correct re-
portof the daily proceedings of the Senate. That
was the design and object when this system was
entered into. I know many instances—I could
refer to them; I presume there is hardly a Sena-
tor who will not call to his own mind frequent oc-
casions; where words had been uttered upon this
floor, and had been successfully answered, and
then the Senator, whose argument had thus been
refuted, under the old system, went to the press
and changed entirely the substance of what pur-
ported to have been said here. That was the
state of things in existence. It was the object of
the publisher, first to comply literally with the
contract that he had made with the Senate, to re-
port truly and accurately what Senators did say;
and if a proposition was advanced by any gen-
tleman, the scope of that letter was to prevent his
changing it entirely, so that what had been said
in reply should be inappropriate.
Now, 1 understand that circular to have been
intended and designed to remedy that evil—for it
was an evil. I know very well that I so under-
stood it; and I recollect distinctly saying to him,
one day, after I had received that circular, that I,
as a Senator, rejoiced that he had adopted that
rule; because what a Senator says deliberately
here he ought to be responsible for, and he ought
not to be allowed to say one thing here, and then
go to the press and say an entirely different thing
m the printed report. That, I think, was the ob-
ject. I cannotdoubt it; because I apprehend the
recollection of every Senator will agree with mine,
that we received still another circular letter, stating
to us that we could have the opportunity of cor-
recting, and revising, and changing, in any way
we pleased, whatever was transferred from the
Daily Globe to the Congressional Globe. By that
arrangement, then, the contract was carried out.
We were reported precisely as we spoke; and if
we saw fit to change it afterwards, on our own
responsibility, and make another thing of it, we
had the opportunity of so doing; and certain
times in the second circular letter were prescribed
within which we were to do it, so as not to de-
lay the publication in the Congressional Globe.
So I understand it.
Well, sir, f have never had occasion to correct,
in any material manner, what the reporters have
reported me as having said. It is a marvel to me
this day, how these young men sitting here can,
after long hours of toil, report with that accuracy
which is almost mathematical. Still, under that
arrangement, and under the contiact made, I do
not understand now that we are precluded from
making any correction of the matter as it first ap-
pears, provided we do not change the sense. I take
it, no man, certainly very few, speaks with that
accuracy which does not sometimes require the
change of a word for the purpose of better express-
ing the idea without varying at all the sense; and
there are few men who speak so accurately as al-
ways to select precisely the very best word to con-
vey the idea. All these changes, as I understand
these circular letters, may be made; all immaterial
changes that do not vary the sense, may be made
in the first instance; and all that the circular to
which the Senator refers contained, and all that it
designed, was to prevent a Senator from changing
what he did say into what he did not say. That
is my impression, and I am stating from recollec-
tion.
Now, sir, I pass to say one word in relation to
these reporters. If I am not wrong, the first com-
pensation that was ever made to them by the Sen-
ate, was made on my own motion. I never made
a motion more cheerfully in my life. I believed
it was right then; I believe it is right to-day.
Your Constitution provides that you shall keep
a journal of your proceedings. 'The framers of
our Government thought it of so much import-
ance to have our proceedings made known, that
they incorporated that provision into our funda-
mental law; and yet how little of our proceedings
is known, when we read the simple journal of our
daily transactions! Of how much more import-
ance vastly are the debates relating to those pro-
ceedings, giving the views of the various Sena-
tors upon them ! I think what takes place in the
Senate outside of its mere Journal, is indeed more
important in many particulars than the Journal
itself. I would not separate-them; we cannot sepa-
rate them. We ought not to do away with the
Journal; but still the motives which control the
action of the Senate, you must learn from the de-
bates. These debates should be accurately re-
ported; and I think I hazard nothing in saying,
that in the whole world, in England, in this coun-
try, or anywhere else, a more efficient, a more ac-
complished, a more accurate set of reporters can-
not be found; and they are gentlemanly in their
deportment besides.
1 think they are just as much the employes of
this body as very many others to whom we have
for a long period of time made compensation. It
has been an old practice to give twenty per cent,
and other allowances to your employes. You
say that they arc not in the employment of the
Government. Grant it; they may not be directly;
you make your contract with Mr. Rives, and he
employs the reporters. So you appoint your
Superintendent of Public Buildings, and he en-
gages his employes. They are just as much in the
employment of the Government in the one case
as they are in the other. But, for the purpose of
preserving such a good corps of reporters as we
nave here, I shall, if we can have the opportunity,
vote to give them the same compensation the re-
porters have in the House of Representatives. If,
however, it shall be the sense of the Senate that
they ought not to receive it, then I shall most
cheerfully vote with the Senator from Georgia to
strike out the provision for the House reporters,
and put.them upon precisely the same footing in
that way. I do not want to see the reporters of
the House of Representatives receive this compen-
sation while it is denied to ours, who, I know, do
vastly more labor and service than the House
reporters do.
Mr. BROWN. I listened to the speech of the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] with interest
and some instruction, but he failed to convince me
that this additional pay ought not to be granted
to the Senate reporters. It is true that we employ
Mr. Rives to have the reporting done, and that he
engages the reporters for the Senate; but it is also
true that, when we entered into that engagement
with him, we did it upon terms that were stated,
upon a calculation, that it would cost him so much
to have the reporting done, so much to have the
printingdone,and there would be a certain amount
of profit left. We know very well that wages have
been increasing in every department of labor for
several years past. In reference to this precise
matter of reporting, I think the compensation for
such reporters as we have has always been too
small. The labor is vastly increased; and the ac-
curacy of the reports is vastly greater than form-
erly. When I first came to the House of Repre-
sentatives, I never dared to allow a motion made
by me to go upon the record without casting my
eye over it after it was taken down by the report-
ers, lest there should be some mistake. In the
last two winters I have never consulted the notes
of any speech that I have made in the Senate, ex-
cept twice; and I think my experience is that of
every Senator. The reports are almost verbatim.
Where there are slips of the tongue, as we all
know occur here everyday, the reporters correct
them; thoy have the intelligence and the skill to
do it, and they relieve us of a vast amount of
labor. During this winter I am sure that, but in
