804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15.
Mr. JONRS, of Tennessee. I should rather
this would take the regular course, and come up
-at the proper time.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will allow me to say to him that there is a
•case now before the courts of inquiry which has
occupied the attention of that court for one week;
and unless this resolution pass to-day, that court
of inquiry will be disbanded, and will be pre-
vented from continuing even the consideration of
the case wluch they are now considering and pros-
ecuting.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood that
the naval officers themselves had asked for a re-
tiring board. They were willing to take their
chances to be retired, dropped, farlouijhed, or
anything else, or their chances of promotion; and
now, instead of the effect of that board being to
decrease the number of officers, we find that its
effect is to increase the number.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the gentleman allow
the resolution to be read for information?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly.
The ioint resolution was read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to the consideration
of the resolution at this time.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the call of committees for reports of a private
nature.
APPOINTMENT OF STENOGRAPHER.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to what I suppose to
be a question of privilege. I am instructed by the
sommiHec appointed to investigate the facts and
circumstances attending the sale of the Fort Snell-
ing military reservation, to report a resolution
asking the House to authorize them to employ a
stenographer.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to say that the gentle-
man over the way [Mr. Lovejoy] did not rise
from his seat, and object to the joint resolution
which 1 asked to call up; and 1 submit, therefore,
that it was not an objection which the Chair could
recognize.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker certainly un-
derstood the gentleman from Illinois to rise 111 his
place and object.
Mr. BURNEXT. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the ^eket committee appointed to inves-
tigate iho liu-h ;t11<i ciii-nm-tance-. attending the s-alr oi tiio
military ie?-erv;it :on at Foi I Sneliunf, lie. ntxi they ate here-
by, authorized to employ n competent -tenoguiphei, nt a ren-
sonabh compensation, toi Hitch length of time as the com-
mittee ma> 1 cijun(! hi- M*t\ iocs.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think that is in-
troducing a now nystmn of expense.
Mr. DUtlN L<:TT. With the permission of the
House, I will slate that, from what we have been
informed, we shall find it impossible to take, by
tho ordinary mode, the evidence that will come
before us. We cannot do justice to all parties m
tins case, I am satisfied, unless the House will
give us authority tocmploya stenographer, so that
■we may report all the facts as they are given in
■evidence by the witnesses.
As a general rule, I have been opposed not only
to the employment of stenographers, but to the
appointment of clerks for commuters; but believ-
ing, in this case, that the public interest requires
it, 1 have, in accordance with the unanimous rec-
ommendation of the committee, reported this res-
olution asking the House to give us this authority.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, t would mquire'if
there aie not ten or a dozen clerks employed in the
•Clerk's office—enrolling and engrossing clerks—
who have nothing to do? for at this stage of the
session there are no bills to be engrossed or en-
rolled.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose an objec-
tion is in order.
The SPE A.KER. The recollection of the Chair
is, that the committee was authorized to report at
any time.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to the gentleman
from Tennessee, that an ordinary clerk would not
answer the purpose.
He will at once perceive that it is impossible for
any man, unless he is a stenographer, unless he
is a regular reporter, to take down the testimony
of witnesses correctly and fully. If, therefore, the
investigation is to go on, and the House desires
to be put m possession of all the facts detailed by
the witnesses, they should give us the aid of the
services of a stenographer, which are absolutely
necessary. I call for the previous question upon
the resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise for informa-
tion. I suppose this committee has power to re-
port at pleasure upon all matters referred to them;
but I suppose the committee have no power tore-
port at any moment, as a matter of right, in refer-
ence to matters of their convenience, such as the
employment of a stenographer or clerk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the objection of the gentleman from Virginia came
too late anyhow. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Burnett] was heard in favor of the resolu-
tion, and the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] in opposition to it, before the question was
made by the gentleman fromVirginia that the com-
mittee had not the right to make the repoit.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will remark that
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] made
opposition to the ruling of the Chair, or to the res-
olution itself, and rather threw me off my guard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee to be
addressed as against the merits of the resolution
itself, and not to any question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The purpose for
which I rose was to suggest that there are clerks
in the pay of the House who might be employed
for this purpose.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The resolution was
first read for information.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky rose in his place and stated that he desired
to submit a report, which he supposed was a
privileged report.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Exactly. The gen-
tleman stated that it was a privileged report, and
I understood the Chair to receive it as a privileged
report. I now raise the question that it is not a
report privileged in its character.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman raised the
question after the gentleman from Kentucky and
the gentleman from Tennessee had spoken upon
the resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is very true.
The .previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. RURJSETT moved to leconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
Mr SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then laid on the
table.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE TO A MEMBER.
On motion of Mr. RICAUD, it was
Ouhrcd, That Mr. Harris, of Maryland, have leave to be
air-cut from the^e^ionf of the House iioin time to tunc, as
may be necessaiy foi lniti, to attend to the taking ot' testi-
mony in the mattoi of his contested election.
CASE OF JUDGE WATROUS.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciaiy i o author-
ized to send for pei*ons and pap-ei.\, and to examine wit-
on oath in relation to the chaises made against John
C. Wauou-",judjjc of the United State* couit foi the western
district oi tiie Suite of Texas.
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr. BARKSDALEmoved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 114; as follows:
YEAS —Messu. Andrews, Barksdale, Bennett, Blair,
Bowie, Royce, branch, Burhnsrame, Burnett, Burioughs,
John B. Claik, dawson, Clay. Clmgmaik John Cochrane,
Rurton Cringe, Ciawfowi, Cutiy,Davi: ot Maryland, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dorid, Elliott, Farntworth, Faulkner,
Goode, Goodwin,'Lawience W..IIail, Hatch, Hawkins?,
Hoard, Jackson. Own Jor.e^, Kent, John C. Kunkel, La-
inai, Lawience.Letchci.Mdelav, McQueen, Mason, Miles,
Milleon, Morrill, Oliver A. Morse. Nichols. Pnelps, Powell,
Quitman, Rieautl, Hitch,e, Ruflin, Sandidge, Savage,
Shouer, Siailwoith, Stephens, Stevenson, Miles Taylor,
Thayei, Tnppe, Cadwalader C. Wa hbume, Eihhu B.
Wa&hbume. ]sia^l Washburn, White, Whiteiey, Wilson.
Wmslow, Wood, Woodson, WTortendyke. and Zolhcoffer
—71.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Admin. Ahl. Avery, Billmg-
huist, Bingham, Bishop, Blis* , Bocock, Biauon, Biyan,
Buffinton, Bums, Case, Chaffee, E/,ra O.afk, Clemen's,
Cobb, Clark B- Cochrane,Cockeull, Colfax, Comma. Coin-
ing, Oovodp. Cox, Cia^ui, James Ciam, Cuuis, DaudfOn,
Davis of Mississippi. Dawes, Dean, Dew.m. Dick. Dow-
dell, Durfee, English, Foley, Fo#.u.-r, Gam ell, Gidding-*,
Gilmer, Granger, Greenwood, Giegg. Giocsbcck, Gtovv,
RobertB. Hall, Ilailan. Thomas L, Kam>, Kiekrnan. Hop-
kins, Honor), Houston, Ilowriid, Huylei, Jonkin<, George
W. Jones, J. GSaney Jone«, Kellogg, Kelh, KeUev, Kil-
gore, Knapp, Jacob 3VI. Kunkel, Leach, Leidy, Leiter,
Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall. Samuel.S. Mai-liall, Mav-
nard, Miller, Montgomery, Mooie, Morgan. Fieeman H.
Mor-e, ? lntt, Mm ray, Niblack, Palmer, Pendleton, Pettit,
LVvton, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Puivianee, Read}', Reagan,
ReiHv, ftobhius, Robert^, Koyee, Scott, Sev.aul, Aaiou
Shaw, John Shciman, Jud-.on W. Sherman, William
Smith, Stanton, James A. Stewait, William Stewart, Tal-
bot, George Taylor, Tompkins, Undeuvood, Wade, WaN
bud2C, Waldion, Walton, Waueti, Watluns, and Augustus
R. Wright—114
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the call,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that his col'
league, Mr. Atkixs, was detained at home by in-
disposition.
Mr. CRAGIN stated that his colleague, Mr,
Tappvn, was detained at home by the illness of
a member of his family.
Mr. HICKMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Phillips, had been forced this morning to leave
the city for his home.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, said that if he had
been within the bar when his name was called, he
would have voted m the negative.
PASSAGE OF THE TARIFF OF 1857.
_ Mr. STANTON. I offer the following resolu-
tions:
Whereas a published report of a committee appointed to
investigate the afians of tly; Middlesex Mamifactuung Com-
pany, m the State ot Massachusetts, alleges that said com-
pany paid .*s87,0(j0 to secuie the parage or the tan ft' ot 1857,
and alter ohaigmg that *^8,000 of tbi- slim was di-bui:'ed by
the New York house forpnntni2,tm"therallegesthatnosat-
isfactory explanation ha-yet been allot ded of the application
of the balance; and whoicas said ehaiges tend very s>eu-
ou«ly to piejndice the leputation and ehai actei of the mem-
bers ot this House who weie members of the la-t Congress,
and pai ucipated m the parage of the tanII of 1857. Theie-
foie, be it
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaket to investigate said clrnge,and to inqinie whethei
am membci oi officer of tln-5 House received nm pair of
caul s um; and that .-aid committee shail have powei to send
tor persons and papeis.
Resolved, That if said committee shall find that any pair,
of ^aid dim wns paid to, oi tor the use or benefit, either di-
rectly or indirectly, of any member oi otlicei ot tins House,
that s-aid committee shall piesent &pecilie charges against
the pauy so chaiged.
Resolved, That it any such charges shall be piesented by
said committee, another committee of five shall be appointed
by the Speaker to investigate the charges so presented; and
the parties po charged shall have notice of the tunes and
places of the meeting- of said committee, and the light to be
piecent at the taking of the evidence aaainst them, and to
eios-efamine the witnesses ag.imst them, and have'procesa
to compel tho attendance of witne^e^, in then deien^-e
Mr. Speaker, I have delayed the offering of these
resolutions for some time longer than \ should
have done, m the expectation that some gentle-
man who favored the passage of the tarifF of 1857
would have asked for this investigation. It has not
been done, however. And this information has
been presented in such a form as to seem to me
to demand the notice of the House. It is not a
mere newspaper rumor, but the report of a com-
mittee appointed by a moneyed eoiporatian to
investigate its affairs and the disbursement of its
funds. That report charges that this expenditure
was made for the purpose of affecting the legisla-
tion of the House. It is not proper for me now
to express any opinion as to whether those who
make this charge are doing.it for the purpose of
covering up their own delinquency, or whether
it is true in point of fact; and if true, whether the
money was paid to members of the House, or
whether it was paid in other modes to influence
the action of the House. I regard it as being suf-
ficiently authentic to require this investigation.
Mr. Speaker, it will be observed that these res-
olutions differ somewhat from the ordinary course
pursued in inquiries of this description; though,
really, inquiries of this description are not very
common. In the resolution raising the commit-
tee of inquiry, I propose to direct the mode of
proceeding upon the coming in of the report of
the committee. I do so for this reason: I think,
if the committee is to be raised at all, it is indis-
pensable that that committee should know what
disposition is to be made of its report, what ac-
