THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
the necessary material will cost at least one half
more. It is, therefore, a matter of economy; it is
recommended by the Department, and is essen-
tial. I hope that, as the Committee of Ways and
Means approve the amendment, there will be no
objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the clause
which has just been amended:
And the amount heretofore appropriated for the coal-
house may be applied to the completion of the store-house.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend the clause
in relation to the Philadelphia navy-yard by in-
serting between " shop" and "additional,' the
words " limits of the navy-yard," and by increas-
ing the appropriation from $97,214 to $222,214,
so that it will read-
For extending gun carriage shop, limits of the navy-yard,
additional story to plumber's shap, dredging channel and
repairs of dredger, repairs of dry-dock, and repans of all
kinds, $222,214.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a point of order upon
that amendment. I want to know if there is any
law for this purchase which the gentleman pro-
poses to make ? ...
Mr. FLORENCE. There is alaw authorizing
the purchase of the ground now occupied by the
navy-yard.
Mr. LETCHER. That is a horse of another
color, altogether.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire, m order to facili-
tate the purposes of the navy-yard at Philadel-
phia, to extend its limits.
Mr. LETCHER. Before my friend goes on,
I hope the Chair will decide the question of order.
The CHA1RMA.N. The Chair was only wait-
ing to hear the statement of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania with reference to there being any
existing law authorizing the purchase. Unless
the gentleman can point the Chair to such a law,
the Chair must rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. MILLSON. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in under the head of " Norfolk:"
For machinery and tools for new foimdery and machine
shop, 810;000.
Had it been understood that the naval appro-
priation bill would betaken up to-day, there would
have been, I am informed, a communication re-
ceived from the Navy Department asking for this
appropriation; but as there is a very urgent ne-
cessity for it, I beg leave briefly to explain. The
Department has just ordered the commencement
of the construction of one of the engines for a
sloop-of-war, ordered to be built by the last Con-
gress, at the new foundery just completed at Nor-
folk, Virginia. It is only two or three days since
a report has been received from the chief engineer,
that, in order to be able to complete the engine for
the ship, it will be necessary to procure additional
tools and machinery, costing about sixteen thou-
sand dollars. I have examined the detailed es-
timates at the bureau, and I do not remegiber the
precise amount, but it is something near sixteen :
thousand dollars. The communication would have ,
been forwarded from the Navy Department to have |
been acted on by the Committee of Ways and [
Means, if it had been anticipated that the naval
appropriation bill would be taken up to-day. I
know the fact, however, that these tools and ma-
chinery are necessary to complete the work which
has been commenced.
The new foundery at that navy-yard lias been
lately finished, and it is, perhaps, the best in the
United Slates. I have said the engine for the new
steamer has been ordered to be constiucted there,
and unless provision is made for these new tools
and-machincry, it will be necessary to construct
portions of the work at other founderies, and the
cost of transportation will he nearly as much as
the whole appropriation 1 have asked for; while
those tools and machinery will be required at that
foundery, within a very short time, for the con-
struction of other work. It will, therefore, be a
matter of economy to make the provision now;
and 1 hope, after this brief explanation, theie will
be no difficulty in adopting the amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. All 1 have to say
in regaid to the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia is simply this: the Department, as 1
have already said, have tried to reduce the esti-
mates to as low a point as possible. They have
notestimated for this work, although I understand
they have estimated for everything which they i
consider necessary for the next fiscal year. j
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from j
Pennsylvania allow me to explain? j
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. In a moment. I j
was proceeding to say that, after the Department
had sent in the estimates, and placed them at as
low a point as tliey felt themselves justified, the
Committee of Ways and Means have felt them-
selves bound to cut down even those estimates as
much as possible.
Mr. MILLSON. I will state to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that it was only on Monday
last that a report was received from the chief engi-
neer stating these facts. It was not because they
did not deem it necessary, that the Department
failed to estimate for it. The Department knew
it to be necessary. I give my personal assurance
of that fact; but they failed to estimate because
they were not then apprised of the tools and ma-
chinery necessary for the completion of that found-
ers and machine shop.
'Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have no doubt
that what the gentleman states is correct. We
took these estimates as they were furnished to us.
The Secretary of the Navy estimated for contin-
gencies. If this does not fall within the class of
contingencies estimated for—and I suppose per-
haps it does not—the committee has heard the
application of the gentleman for an appropriation
of §lfi,000, and I wish to say that the only ob-
jection I can have to it is that we have not suffi-
cientmoney in the Treasury to meet any expenses
that are not absolutely necessary. I have no other
objection.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in after the 139th line:
To continue or early on the work as contemplated by
the act approved JanuaiySS. 18.17, authorizing the estab-
lishing a naval depot mi R!> the island, at Brunswick, on
tile coast of (leorgia,($300,000.
This matter has been before the Naval Com-
mittee, and a bill has been reported to this House
which has been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with the unan-
imous recommendation that the appropriation be
made. At the last session of Congress a naval
depot was established at Brunswick, Georgia, by,
1 believe, fifty-six majority, on a vote by yeas and
nays, in this House,"and by a vote in the Senate
of more than two to one.
No estimates have been sent in fiom the Navy
Department, for the rehson that the purchase of
the land had not been completed and the jurisdic-
tion of the State of Georgia had not been ceded at
the time the regular estimates of the Navy De-
partment were made up. The House will see that
they have already recognized the correctness of
the appropriation by the provisions heretofore
made, and it will be an economy of time by mak-
ing the appropriation in this bill, and thus save
the necessity of taking up the other bill reported
by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
1 thought we ought to have httd $600,000; but,
in consideration of the hardness of the times, the
Naval Committee unanimously agreed to recom-
mend an appropriation of $300,000. Purchase of
the land has been completed; the title is good;
jurisdiction of the State of Georgia has been ceded;
'and they are ready to go on with the work. I
! hope there will be no objection to the amendment,
j Mr. LETCHER. I*raise the point of order,
j that the amendment is not in order.
! The CJ'IAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
! point of order.
j Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from the decision of ;
1 the Chair. j
| The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be,
i " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as thejudg-
' ment of the committee ?"
j Pending the vote, by division,
! Mr. SEWARD. I do not want to embarrass
the committee; but I ask that we shall have a vote
on the proposition when we go into the House.
I withdiaw my appeal.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to insert the fol-
lowing as a new paragraph:
For the completion of the manne hospital at Cincinnati,
Ohio, $50,000.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a point of order on
that amendment. My point is, that it has no le-
gitimate connection with this bill. This is a Navy
appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
point of order is well taken.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to add the follow-
ing to the paragraph for the Philadelphia navy-
yard:
And to extend the advantages and use of the dry-dock by
removing the wall to a line south of its present location, and
to add to the railway, $150,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I make the point
that that amendment is not in order, for the rea-
son that it is not germane to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope objection will be
withdrawn to this amendment. It is moved with
a view to increase the facilities of the Philadel-
phia navy-yard.
Several Members. Order!
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Here are sundry appropria-
tions for Mare Island, California; and I would
inquire of the gentleman from California whether
that island is apart of the property which is now
the subject of litigation and controversy? If it is,
then it seems to me that the Government ought
to make no further appropriation until that ques-
tion as to the title is settled, so that we may know
whether or not we are making improvements
upon our own land.
Mr. SCOTT. In answer to the inquiry of my
friend from Virginia, I will say that the title to
Mare Island is vested in the United States. It
was, I think, purchased from M. Vallejo in 1853.
It is not a matter of controversy, and the Gov-
ernment has a clear and unquestionable title to the
land and the improvements upon it.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move to insert the fol-
lowing:
And it is hereby provided that the compensation of the
watchman employed at the United States observatoiy and
hydingraplucal office shall be the same as that paid to the
several watchmen employed ni the Executive Departments
of the Government.
I move the amendment in obedience to the rec-
ommendation of the Department. It only in-
creases the salary $100, and does not increase the
appropriation at all.
The questio
1 lUilU 11 wv Mil*
question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to strike from the
following paragraph " 26,'* and in lieu thereof to
insert l( 20:"
{< For preparing for publication the American Nautical
Almanac, $26,880."
I move this amendment in order to ask a ques-
tion. I desire to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee of WaysAnd Means to the
amount of this appropriation. It seems to me
that $20,880 is a large amount to be appropriated
for this purpose. 1 wish to know whether it is
the same amount that was appropriated last year?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will answer the
gentleman fully. Here are the items as published
in the estimates:
Edi nate oj the amount required for the American Ephem-
eras and Nautical Jihnanac for the fiscal year ending June
For salaries of computers   $16,250 00
For putchase of paper, punting, &c., in order to
publish m the year 1639, the Nauucai Alma-
nac for the yeai 1862, and for occasional print-
ing. stationery, books, binding, &c  3,630 00
For the twenty-lour new planets discovered
since 1849   3,000 00
For new planetary tables...    1,000 00
For auxiluny table-:   1,000 00
For exna editions of the volumes aheady pub-
hMu'd  800 nf)
Cleik  500 00
Contingent, including rent of office, fuel, ser-
vant hut;,   700 00
$•03,880 00
Amount appropriated for the year ending June
   $2o,880 00
The appropriation for the last year was pre-
cisely what is now asked to be appropriated.
Mr. GARNETT. It is desirable that in appro-
priating money, we should get a quid pro quo.
Amongst the items, if I heard them correctly, is
one for the discovery-of new planets. I should
like to know the basis according to which such
work is valued ? How much is each planet con-
sidered to be worth ? It appears to me to be the
