1858.
THE COMPRESSIONALr GLOBE.
1801
do, at all, with the question of the jurisdiction of
the House ? Now, the House of Representatives,
and the people of his district cannot have juris-
diction over the crime at the same time, and the
power to disqualify him rests here, or it rests with
the people of his own district. Now, it is very
well known to the Presiding Officerof this House,
that during the investigation of this case in the
last Congress, the testimony of Mr. Johnson dis-
closed the fact that the letter constituting the chief
charge?, was made public prior to the election of
Mr. Matteson to this Congress, so that so far as
this letter was concerned, which letter was said
to show that Matteson had attempted to use
money to corrupt the legislation of the House of
Representatives, that letter was made public, dis-
cussed, and understood, not only in his district,
but in Mr. Mattdson's district during his elec-
tion. So, then, the people of his district did pass
judgment upon that letter, and upon the qualifi-
cation of that member by reason of any transac-
tion connected with the letter, or the considera-
tion which induced him to write it.
Suppose the House of Representatives assumes
jurisdiction, and expels Matteson, if you please,
according to the gentlemen's theory upon the
other side of the House, they take the position
that the House, having the right to decide upon
the moral qualifications of a member, can expel
him if returned to the next House of Represent-
atives, a course which necessarily works a per-
manent disqualification.
As was very properly remarked the other day
by the gentleman from Louisiana, the various
States of this Union in regard to this matter have
acted upon the principle and upon the theory that
unless there was some law or some provision of
the Constitution disqualifying an individual from
holding oflice, he cannot be disqualified. Ilence,
all the State constitutions, so far as I have ex-
amined them, have distinctly specified the crimes
and offenses working a disqualification or disabil-
ity for holding a civil office, or of becoming a mem-
ber of a Legislature. And I venture the assertion
that no gentleman can show me a solitary casein
this country where an individual has been ex-
pelled from a legislative body, outside of the con-
stitutional and legal provisions of that State.
This same question camc up in 1607,in the Sen-
ate of the United States, and the Senate assumed
jurisdiction in the case of John Smrth, who was
indicted for treason in Virginia, as an accomplice
of Aaron Burr. Mi. Adams made a report to the
Senate, setting forth the crime for which the party
was arraigned; and when the vote was taken,
there was not a sufficient number of the members
of the Senate voted in favor of the jurisdiction
over the cause; and the Senate refused a convic-
tion upon the charge. They acted upon thy princi-
ple that the criminal courts had jurisdiction when
either the Constitution or the laws of the United
States were violated, because the facts established
were clear, and the refusal to convict must turn
upon the want of jurisdiction and power. (Ameri-
can State Papers, 703, Miscellaneous.)
I might give many illustrations of the danger
of establishing such a precedent. Suppose that
we of the South, holding our peculiar political
opinions on the question of slavery, had a two-
third majority here and should undertake to ex-
pel a member because his opinions on that ques-
tion might subject him to indictment in the courts
of fifteen States of this* Union. Would any gen-
tleman hold that we had any right to do so ? And
reverse the picture; suppose that gentlemen on
the other side of the tiouse, who look upon our
opinions m the South, in regard to slavery, as a
crime, should have a two-tlmd majority here, and
could exercise the power of expelling us, how
would the gentleman from North Carolina like
that? So that the only safe course to be adopted
by this House, is to adhere to the Constitution of
the United States, or the Jaws, in relation to the
qualifications or disqualifications of vncmbeis.
Now, as I said before,! am not the defender of
Mr. Matteson. I voted for the resolutions cen-
suring Mr. Matteson in the last Congress. But,
nevertheless, I am prepared here not only to do
him justice, but to vindicate what I believe to be
a correct principle. In puint of importance Mr.
Matteson is scarcely entitled to even a second-
ary consideration on this question of power. "We
are not merely deciding what is to be done with
him, but we are establishing a great principle
which is to affect those who are to come after us.
If we were to assume jurisdiction in reference to !
political offenses or to corruption in the past, we j
would disqualify a great many men. Besides, I !
think it is not a very Christian view of the sub- i
ject, because a man will sometimes repent. I do
not care how bad a man may be, for it does not
follow that a man who was once bad is always
bad. I do not care how infamous a man may have
been, whenever the people come to the conclusion
that he has reformed his habits and become agood
citizen and wish to confide to him representative
or judicial power, (when he has not been im-
peached,) they have a right to do it.
Having said thus much, and not being willing
to detain the House, I shall move the previous
question, unless some other gentleman wants to
make some remarks in regard to that subject.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I trust that the
gentleman will withdraw his call for the previous
question.
Mr. SEWARD. I will, if the gentleman wants
to be heard.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not want to
speak upon it at present; but I suggest to the gen-
tleman that this is a question of too much im-
portance to be disposed ofm this summary method.
I move to postpone the further consideration of
this subject till next Saturday.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to submit
a question of order touching this report; and it is
this. A resolution vasintroduced into thisHouse
proposing to expel the member from New Yoik.
That resolution was referred to a select committee.
The committee has leported back, and recom-
mended the adoption of a resolution that it is in-
expedient to take further action in regard to Or-
samus B. Matteson, without reporting back that
which was referred to them. I take it, sir, that
the committee should have reported back the res-
olution referred to them, and have recommended
what should be done with it, and what should be
the action of the House.
Mr. SEWARD. I will relieve the gentleman.
The omission of reporting back the resolution was
a piece of negligence on our part. Here it is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the question of order taken by the gentleman from
Tennessee is properly taken; and that the original
resolution referred to the committee should have
been reported back as part of Aheir report; and
any recommendation which tl?e committee chose
to submit should be offered as a substitute to the
original resolution. The Chair desires to call the
attention of the gentleman from Georgia to the
Manual, page 86:
" Even if they (the committee) aie opposed to the whole
paper, awl it cannot be made pood by amendments, tney
cannot i eject it, but must repot t u back to the House with-
out amendments, and tlieifi maKe iheir opposition."
Mr. SEWARD. That is what we propose to
do. We have recited the whole transaction in the
report thn> we have made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
can be permitted to report the original resolution
now, and move the recommendation of the com-
mittee as a substitute for the resolution referred.
Mr. SEWARD. That was my design. I in-
tended to incorporate the whole proceedings in
my repot t. If the gentleman from Tennessee will
refer to the latter part of the report, he will see
there express reference to the proceedings of the
House. If the House order Mr.* Matteson for
trial, we ask that, the House shall determine the
proceedings that shall be had.
The SPEAKER. The pending proposition
will be the original resolution, and the amendment
theieto proposed by the committee.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How did T under-
stand the Chair to decide?
The SPEAKER. That the committee had no
right to retain the original resolution; that, it should
be reported back to the House; that that was the
main question before the House for consideration; ,
and that the views of the committee could he pre- ,
sented in the shape of an amendment to the ori- 1
ginal proposition. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The House can ,
vote on the original resolution; and if it be re- ;
jected, it will be currying out the views of the j
committee. ■
Mr. SEWARD. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman to the latter part of the report in which th.o
resolution is referred to, and the House asked to
decide upon it.
m Mr. GROW. The understanding of the com-
mittee was that the resolution was to be reported
back, but the form of the report may not be cor-
rect.
Mr. WARREN. The question of order having
been decidcd by the Chair as well taken, it strike's
me that the better way is to recommit the whole
subject; and I make that motion. *
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Ritchie] moves to lay the whole
subject on the table; and that motion precludes
the motion to recommit.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Read the original
resolution.
The original resolution was read, as follows:
" Whereas, at the lasi&ession of Conspress, a select com-
mittee of tins House reported the following resolutions, to
wit:
" Resolved, That Orsamus 13. Matteson, a member of
this llousc from the State of New York, did incite jiaitios
deeply interested in the passage of a joint resolution for con-
strum" the Dos Moines grant, lo have here and to use a
laige sum of money and other valuable considerations cor-
i aptly, for the purpose of procuring the passage of said joint
icfolution throuuh this Hour-e.
t( Resolved, That Orsamus 15. Matteson, in declaring
that a large number oi the member of this House had asso-
ciated themselves togethei and pledged themselves, each to
the other, not to vote for any Jaw or resolution granting
money or lands, unless they wore paid for it, lias falsely and
wtHiully assailed and defamed the character of*the flou>o,
and ha> proved himself unworthy to be a member thereof.
'• Resolved, That Orsamus B Matteson, a member of
this House fioin the State of NewYoik, be, and is hereby,
expelled theiefrom.
u And the said committee also repoited the facts on
which said suggestions were predicated, which are pub-
lished with the icports of the House.
" And wheieas, the first of said resolutions was adopted
by the [Iou<e oi Representatives on the 27th of Febiuaiy
l.is-t, by a vote of 1-15 yeas to 17 na>> ; and the s-aid second
resolution was adopted by the flou^e on the same day with-
out a division ; and wheiea-*, said Mattuson had, prior to
any vote being taken on thela^t resolution, resigned hn
peat in thia House, and thus avoided the effect of thusame,
had it been passed; and whereas, the said Matte-_on i-s a
member of this House, with the imputation conveyed by
tin; pas<ag ' of the first two of tin' foregoing icsolutions still
upon him, and without having been subsequently reelected
by his constituents: Therefore,
•' Rcsolvett, That Orsamus B. Matteson, a member of
the House of Representatives from the State of New York,
be, and he is hereby, expelled from tins House."
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I desire to pro-
pound a question to the Chair: inasmuch as the
gentleman from Georgiafailed to present this res-
olution with the report, is it competent now, if
objection be made, for the House to receive the
report?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman from Georgia, has the right to
report the resolution at any time, inasmuch as it
involves a question of privilege.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Myobjectwas
to arrest this proceeding where it is; and there-
fore I desired to know whether the report was in
order, and whether it was m order for them to
report until the committee was called in its regu-
lar order.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on the adoption of the following reso-
lution reported by the select committee:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient for thi^ Ilou^e to take
anv l'milW action in regmd to the resolution proposing to
e\peJ t). B. Matteson.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking; out the word "further."
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the gentleman from
Georgia will not press a final disposition of this
question to-day. It was understood that there
should be no business transacted in the House
pending this Kansas discussion.
Mr. RITCHIE. I insist on my motion to lay
the whole subject on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to move to
postpone the subject ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the motion
to lay on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the motion
prevails, will that carry with it the original reso-
lution referred to the committee?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask for the y'eas
and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Arnold, Ben-
