354
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong.... 1st Sess. Legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill—Mr. Gwin.
[May 13,
Senate.
he will permit a Senator to do, and what he will
not; arm if that is to be the relation, I am for de-
stroying it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not dis-
pute part of the Senator's proposition, that a
member here is responsible only to his constitu-
ency and to his brother Senators for what he may
say on this floor; but I dispute his right to make
long and extraordinary changes in his speech be- i
fore it is published, putting in words that lie did ;
not say, arguments that he did not use, or striking '
out those which he did use, and which were sat- 1
idfactorily answered by others, thus leaving those ;
who replied to him in a false attitude. Neither :
do I think there is any insolcncc in the declara-
tion that a Senator has no right afterwards to alter
his speech in the respects named. I can see no
power that should properly exist to do that; but
on the contrary, so far from anythinglike insult, ;
he says that he will not send the copy from the ]
office, which the law does not require of him, but ;
in place of that, he will be glad if Senators will |
come to his office and make such verbal correc- j
lions as they think proper; and he offers the op- !
portunity to do so—to make such verbal corm*- j
lions as the amenities of'this body and the pro- !
prieties of the place would seem to require, in the '
opinion of the Senator who makes the remarks.
Is there anything dictatorial or insolent in that?
I do not know what the Senator's idea of inso-
lence may be; but if the exercise of those rights
which are our own, and the proper fulfillment of I
all the duties which are required at our hands by
the law, constitute insolence in the opinion of a
lofty Senator, if I would exercise it towards him,
and it would make no difference to me where the
Senator came from, or how lofty his position, I
wouldexcrcise it,and the American people would.
1 do not regard that as the proper spirit in which
to meet this matter at ail. I do not concur with
the Senator; 1 see no justice in his remark on that
point; and 1 think it beuis hard upon as faithful
an officer as this body ever had in the discharge
of his duly, and I trust it will have no weight with
the Senate.
In reference to the reporters themselves, I will
make a single remark before taking my sent. I
certainly think that the reporters of the House
ought not to have this pay unless the Senate re-
porters also have it; and I have no question that
the matter escaped the attention of the Senators
on the Finance Committee, or else they would
have moved to strike out the clause to pay the
House reporters, or moved to insert a similar
clause for the Senate reporters. 1 have no ques-
tion that it was an oversight on then* part, and I
regret that it should have occurred; but 1 am not
disposed to go baek now, and reconsider the bill
winch has been passed, when there isa hope that
it can be piovided for in another place, as the
chairman of the committee urges us to go on; but
if we do not now reconsider this Lull, and strike
out this clause, I shall, at the proper time, when
an occasion shall present itself, undoubtedly vote
lo give the Senate repoiters the same chaiacter
and standing which arc given to those of the other
House. The language used in argument, by every
member of this body is dependent on the service
rendered by these men; and'it is arduous and
faithful. Not a single man in this body, in my
opinion, docs one tenth part, certainly not. one
half, of the hard labor they constantly perform.
I believe they ought to be upon the same footing
with the reporters of the other House, and I shali
not be a party to make atlistinction against those
who serve us so faithfully, as all acknowledge;
a distinction which, to my mind, very strongly
conveys something like a reflection.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Congress
of the United States employs Mr. John C. Rives
to publish a true and accurate account of our de-
bates. Mr. Rives chose, at the commencement
of the present session, to send to the members of
Congress the circular which has been referred to
by the Senator from Virginia. 1 read that circu-
lar. I approved of it then; 1 approve of it now.
I take it that Mr. Rives is a very frank, plain,
direct, business man, and that he stated in that
circular what he knew, and what we knew to
Ije absolutely and unqualifiedly true. The rec-
ords of Congress for years show this fact to be
truef that speeches have been made on the floors
of both Houses of Congress, and those speeches |
have been replied to, and then they have been j
changed and modified so as to make other persons I
who have referred to them, appear ridiculous. It I
is a fact well known that great changes and mod- j
ifications in past years have taken place in the
reports of the debates in the Senate and House ,
of Representatives. This has been to a consid- i
erable extent corrected by Mr. Rives at the pros- j
ent session of Congress, and I think the published ;
debates now are a more accurate transcript of the :
doings of the Senate and House of Represent- ;
atives, than in any year past. I look upon the
reports under this rule adopted by Mr. Rives as a !
great improvement over those of past years. They !
are now more accurate, more lifelike, and more j
correct. !
I differ from the Senator from Virginia in this
respect. Sir, when a Senator makes a speech on :
this floor, I believe, under the rules, it is the duty
of the reporters to report that speech as delivered;
i and they have a right to publish it as delivered,
| and it is due to the Senate and the country that
i they should publish it as delivered, and not as the
Senator afterwards chooses to change or to mod-
ify it. That is the true and proper sense in which
to speak of the debates in this body. Now, sir,
I do not see any reason toffomplain of Mr. Rives
for this circular or for tins practice.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to say at all that
! it is not the dutv of the reporter to report what is
1 said; but if the speaker has a difficulty with the
reporter, let the reporter present the fact to the
I Senate,and not undertake to control the Senate—
■ that is all.
| Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I understood
. the Senator to take this ground: that it was not
1 a question for the reporter to decide, but that if
| a Senator chose to alier, modify, or change his
remarks, it was a question between him and his
1 bi other Senators. 1 think the leports should not
be changed by any Senator, i think no Senator
1 has a right to change his remarks so as in any
■ way to aiFect the sense as understood in this body
, by others whoengaged in the debate. If hechooses
to change a word or add a word to his remarks
■ that does not concern in any way other Senators,
I do not think any one would have a right to com-
plain; but any Senator has a right to complain if
j remarks are changed or modified so as in any de-
: greo to afteet the sense of the debate or to affect
what is j>aid by othcrSenators.
I shall vote for this reconsideration, and I am
, not only m favor of paying these reporters now,
1 but of going back and paying them in the past.
, I believe that our corps of reporters is the best or-
1 ganized corps of reporters on this continent. We
have the proof before us. Why, sir, yesterday
we spent six hours here m ce b<ite--n?H m pie-
pared written speeches, but in a running discus-
sion—and to-day has been laid upon our tables
; that entire debate; ami I happened to know that
these reporters were employed unlil an early hour
this morning in preparing that long debate of yes-
terday for publication. They perform an amount
of labor that is not appreciated in the Senate or
in the country, and I think that if they do not,
under the present arrangement with Mr. Rives,
receive an adequate compensation, we owe it to
them before the Senate adjourns, to adopt a pol-
icy that shall give them oh ample compensation
' for the severe labors they ate compelled to pcr-
foim.
The House of Representatives propose to give
: their reporters £800 apiece. The reporters of the
Senate perform double the amount of labor of the
reporters of the House. Why, sir, the discus-
, sions m this body, and especially during t he pres-
ent session, have been debates, not written essays
prepared and wntten out, that save a great deal
of labor to the reporters, but actual debates; and
; we all know that the Senate during the present
: session has sat more horns than probably at any
, session in the history of the country. In the
House of Representatives, nearly ail the speeches
made upon public questions of importance are
i written speeches. The members aie forced to
| this by the one hour rule; and it saves the report-
i ers of that body an immense amount of labor.
; Then the yeas and nays are often taken in that
! body, occupying nearly half an hour for each
; call, and relieving them in that way. It is my
I opinion, and I think it will be sustained by an
! examination of the facts, that the reporters of the
( Senate perform double the amount of labor per-
; formed by the reporters of the House of Repre-
! sentatives; therefore, I shall vote to reconsider,
: and to place these reporters on at least tl*e same
| footing with those of the House of Representa-
. tives.  
j The Senator from Georgia says that we do
; not employ them; they are employed by Mr.
| Rives. I believe they are inadequately paid. 1 do
not know whether Mr. Rives be to blame, or
whether we have driven a hard bargain with him,
or whether it is an implied understanding with
, him that we are to make up a sort of compensa-
tion to these gentlemen. It ought to be changed;
; it is not right as it now stands. These reporters
ought to be paid an ample compensation. They
ought to be employed by the Senate directly, or
the arrangement with Mr. Rives should be such
i that they shall be adequately compensated for
the immense labors which they are compcjjed to
I perform — labois that are performed, I think, to
; the general satisfaction of the Senate and the
country.
! Mr. GWIN. I am of opinion that these re-
, porters do very heavy service, and that the pro-
posed amendment would not more than pay them
! for the service they perform; but I cannot under-
stand how it is possible for them—and, I believe,
j they are as good reporters as any in this country
I or any other country—rfo take down a running
debate without occasionally making a mistake.
Now, I am scarcely ever taken down exactly as
. I intend to speak; I have no doubt it is my own
: fault—not theirs. The objection I have to this
plan of publishing precisely what the reporters
take down is, that they may make a mistake, or
a Senator may make a mistake himself, and thus
the ideas he ijitends to convey may be wrongly
presented to the country. If the editor weie my
ifeighbor, as he used to be, it would be very con-
venient for me to go to his oiftce and correct the
leport of my remarks; hut 1 live a long way off.
I stated six yfcars ago in this body, and so did
the then Senator from Michigan, General Cass,
that it was our misfortune, on account of our
i mode of speaking, the manner m which we ad-
dressed the Senate, that the ideas we intended to
convey were scarcely ever reported exactly. I
have ceased to correct these matteis, and I think
that the best plan; but 1 will give you an instance:
lam reported as having said, yesterday, that when
the Senator from Mississippi was Secretary of
War, an estimate was sent in for the purchase of
the property at Lime Point, California, at the
price now asked. What I said, or meant to say,
was that an estimate had been sent in, and that
th" parties claimed that price. I was on one oc-
casion reported as saying that I was in favor of
repealing the duty on iron—it was railroad iron
that 1 said. I did not see the error until a year
afterwards, when I was looking over the debates.
I think there is an error in the system. The
reports are too minute. There is a vast deal of
: useless matter put into these books that is never
read even by members. I think there ought to be
a system devised by which we should have a eom-
• pendiumof the debates, leaving out a great deal of
immatotia! and useless matter now published. Fre-
quently remarks here are made without any kind
of preparation, and lfa member corrects the report
for the Congressional Globe after it appears in the
daily paper, it is not seen perhaps for six months
1 afterwards. I believe we have as good reporters
as there are in this or any other country, but there
i is an error in the system, and I confess that I feel a
great delicacy in speaking on any question of im-
portance unless I writedown my views in advance.
; I do not blame the reporters. I believe the diffi-
culty arises ft om my mode of address: oilier Sen-
ators have said the same thing heretofore. I am
, in favor of the provision that is sought to be made
for our reporters, but I would prefer that it should
come in the miscellaneous bill hereafter. I do not
wa u to touch the bill which has been passed. I
want our reporters to get as much as those of the
other House, but I think the system ought to be
' partially changed.
