306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
intentional crime; but whatever he may have done,
whatever may have been his motive, although 1
have knownhim somewhat inother day s, although
I have been proud to esteem him as a friend, I
would not shield him, I would notimproperly re-
move the dark cloud of suspicion that rests upon
his name; nor would I attempt to shield any mem-
ber of this House. I say again, that 1 am for the
resolution. It seems to be of a large scope. It
seems to complicate many affairs. I do not know
that it mi^ht not be improved by amendment; but,
after all, lam for the substance of it. I agree with
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] in what
he said as to the manner in which this investiga-
tion should be conducted. It should be conducted
in such a way as that no bounty should be paid
to informers; no inducements should be offered to
outsiders, to malignant, bitter men, who, for the
sake of gratifying their malice and malevolence,
may seek an opportunity of a committee of inves-
tigation and inquiry of this House, to fix upon a
man a stain which the gentleman from Ohio says
is worse than death.
I say, I trust that the committee will so conduct
the investigation as not to permit these men to
accomplish their private malevolence and malice.
I do not know that it is necessary for me at the
present time to say more; and with these lemarks
and statements of the purposes which induce me
to support the resolutions, I take my seat.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, the
application for an investigation has been met by
a gentleman from the Commonwealth where the
occurrences arose, with a proper and becoming
spirit. Whether there are adequate grounds pre-
sented, upon which this House ought to conde-
scend to investigate the charge against the honor
of its members, is a question which I do not now
design to discuss. The resolutions of inquiry
shall have my vote. The gentleman who pro-
posed them holds upon this subject a position
which, perhaps, very few others in the House
hold. He is so fortunate as to have secured him-
self, by his course on the tarilTbills of the last ses-
sion, from the insolent insinuations of a vituper-
ative and lying press—whether here or elsewhere,
from which, perhaps, no other member can escape;
for I believe no one of the several tariff bills before
the House during the last session was so fortunate
as to receive his support—neither that which was
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
by my honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
b&ll ] not now in the House, nor that other bill,
reported by my honorable friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] who is here upon the other side
of the House; nor that third bill, which was
passed, and which corresponded with neither of
the first bills in its general provisions, but which
did correspond with both of those bills in that
one provision, in which Lawrence, Stone & Co.
were concerned, relative to the duty upon wool,
which bill originated neither in any committee in
this House, nor with any member of this House,
but with a joint committee of conference of the
two Houses as the result of their consultation in
the last hours of the session, and was passed by
this House and the Senate without the opportu-
nity of deliberate discussion ineitherHou.se. But
in all three of these bills, Mr. Speaker, the pro-
vision relative to the removal of the duty on wool
was more or less in accordance with the views of
the gentlemen who are to be the subjects of this
investigation. The bill adopted by the House
was one winch came from the committee of con-
ference, and I have thought it proper, in view of
the statements of newspapers, which, under other
circumstances, I would never have condescended
for an instant to notice, to show how, by sup-
pressing a part of the truth, they can commit as
much a libel as if they had affirmatively imputed
corruption; for, sir, we have had the paper of
the Government here publishing the votes of gen-
tlemen who voted for the bill which passed the
House, convoying the insolent and false innu-
endo, that among them were to be found the men
who received the money of Lawrence, Stone &
Co., when bills with analogous pro visions, equally
favorable to the interest of the parlies who are sup-
posed to be tempters and betrayers of the honor
of the House, emanating from and voted for by
other members of the House, are passed over in
silence.
But, sir, there is no suggestion in that paper
that can throw a suspicion upon any member of
this House demanding investigation. Now, sir,
there is no man who holds the comments of the
political press of the country in more utter con-
tempt than I do. I stand in terror of no press,
nor any combination of them. I hold their shame-
less libels in such utter contempt that, though
they should point at me even personally their
imputations, I should take no notice of them ex-
cept to carry them before a grand jury, on an
indictment for the libel which they may nave pro-
mulgated. Sir, when charges are made simply
through the newspaper press, I do not hold it
worthy the dignity of this House to make them
the ground of an investigation. I hold that my
reputation, and the reputation of every member
of this House, counting myself the lowest and
humblest, is more than enough to look in the face
the whole combined press of the country. Sir,
there is no press which I recognize anywhere
within the limits of the United States, whose un-
supported charge within its editorial columns can
even put me upon my defense.
But, sir, there is a different case now presented
to this House—one which,perhaps,demayds the
investigation of the House. Thei e is a statement
from gentlemen known in the country, of respons-
ible character, who have investigated the books
of one of the merchant prine.es of this country,
that these books show $87,000 to have been used
for the pin-pose of procuring the passage of the
last tariff act. That statement, made over respons-
ible names, is the foundation for the application
which has been made by the gentleman from Ohio
for an investigation.
It is true, Mr. Speaker, that the statement does
not say how the money was employed. It does
not include the presumption that a jurist sitting
on a case would be bound to make a case from;
because there are thousands of proper and legiti-
mate modes in which money may be used to se-
cure the passage of measures through Congress.
It may be employed to pay the traveling expenses
of agents. It may be employed to pay for pub-
lications. It may be employed in arguments hon-
orably presented before committees. It may be
employed in the way which this House refused,
at the last session of Congress, to forbid, and
which, therefore, is not illegal; for the last House
refused, by a large vote, to pass an eminently
honest and necessary measure, which you, Mr.
Speaker, had the honor to propose, and which that
ilouse has the responsibility of defeating—a bill
which made it criminal for any man employed for
pay as an agent for any measure, public or pri-
vate, before Congress, to approach any member
upon the subject without first notifying such mem-
ber that he was a paid agent. But,sir, this House
having refused to adopt that wise, conservative
measure, this also remains a legal mode of pro-
curing legislation, and the $87,000 may have been
employed in that way. Theagentsemployed may
have whispered into the ears of members sugges-
tions under the guise of disinterested advice. It
may be that this money may have been employed
in some one of these legal, though dangerous
modes, without attaching dishonor to any mem-
ber of the House.
But let the investigation come. And, sir, if it
should be found again that peculiar influence has
done more than was shown to be the general mode
of its operation in the committee on whicli you
were at the, last Congress; if it should be found to
have done anything more than to have gone into
the hands of agents, and those who lyingly
boasted their influence over members they dared
not approach, and thus got up a reputation in the
country of the corruption of Congress; ifit should
appear that any money has touched the palm of
any member, then let him die the death of char-
acter.
But the point to which I chiefly rose is the shape j
of the lesolutions of the honorable member from
Ohio. lie means, doubtless, that this investiga-
tion shall be effectual; but his resolutions prevent
the possibility of the accomplishment of that re-
sult. Why, sir, the gentleman has hampered the
great inquest of the country that will be charged
to perform a lustration for the purity of this great
central seat of its sovereignty with many of the
forms and technicalities and delays of the ordi-
naryjudicial process of the country. Sir, I would
have them saved that. I want ltto be a free inves-
tigation; I want to have no technical difficulties
interposed; I want to have no difficulties inter-
posed which consume the time, weary the pa-
tience, prevent the judgment of the House, and
fritter it away in minute details of order and prece-
dent. I, sir, am for adopting the precedent and
the wise precedent that this House set at the last
session, which accomplished results that every
man here ought to be grateful for; which instituted
an inquiry which oppressed no man's rights,
which hurt no man's character unjustly, which
dealt with men tenderly and caicfully, which
brought the guilty to punishment, and drove them
to confess their guilt, by resigning their seats in
the face of the investigation, the results of which
were before the House; and touching the other
gentleman, who was not condemned, it shows that
investigation fairly presented the merits of the
case, that the House dealt as it ought to deal where
there is a doubt about the evidence, and gave the
party the benefit of the doubt, and let him go free,
untarnished. Sir, in behalf of the committee that
made that investigation,and in behalf of the House
that cast the votes which attained those results, I
present my protest against the virtual condemna-
tion which this House is called on to pass upon
their proceedings, as well as their results, by the
adoption of the complicated machinery of techni-
cality which is sought now to be interposed; not
that the gentleman has that purpose, but which
must tend directly to trip up the steps of blind jus-
tice, as it Is attempting to fumble its way in the
dark, to the discovery of the fountains of corrup-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, one other observation and I have
done. The honorable gentleman's form of pro-
ceedings, he says, better protects the character
of individuals charged, than that adopted at the
last Congress. I say no, sir. It leaves it open
to a thousand suspicions that no man can ever
correct. In that last committee, where witnesses
were summoned before them, every member of it
had the counsel of the House, and the counsel of
the man who was mentioned, and earnestly and
honestly probed every witness as to every state-
ment and every fact, rigidly and carefully confin-
ing themselves more than they were bound to
do within the technical rules of regular evidence;
and when the evidence was taken, it was not spread
before the country until the party implicated had
been notified, until he had appeared before that
committee, until he had had the opportunity of call-
ing his own additional witnesses; until he had had
an opportunity of recalling the witnesses which the
committee had already examined, and of reexam-
ining those witnesses, and that with an advantage
that no criminal before any tribunal has ever re-
ceived; for, sir, we know that the plan which the
gentleman wishes to pursue is that of the grand
jury, which investigates in secret, keeps no record
of the evidence, lays the indictment upon the table
of the court,and calls upon the defendant to plead
to it. Then the suggestions of the grand jury are
whispered into the ear of theprosecuting attorney,
and these form the blank unwritten brief for his
guidance in the course^oftheprosecution. They do
not hear the sworn testimony before the grand jury;
nor have the opportunity to contiadiot a witness,
nor the opportunity of testing the accuracy of the
witness's memory; nor the opportunity of bring-
ing into collision his memory at the first examina-
tion with his memory of the subsequent exam-
ination; nor the opportunity of exposing him to
the inevitable contradictions of a false story. I
say, sir, that the course pursued by the commit-
tee was wise, and threw more guards round char-
acter than the methods of the ordinary procedure
of the law.
Mr. Speaker, one other word. In regard to the
investigating committee, which is to play the part
of the grand jury m the scheme proposed by my
honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] what
is to become of their record ? Is that to remain"
in their breasts, and are they to be allowed to
say, on evidence that the country is never to see,
that Mr. A B has been guilty of being bribed,
and Mr. C D has received money? And, on
the statement of the gentlemen appointed by
this House, is that to go before the count! y, and
then, because another committee sludl come to
a different conclusion, it may be on different evi-
dence, without anything to guide them in going
over the same evidence which left the impression
upon the first committee, is that man's character
to go languishing to a dishonorable graver Or
is there any mode of avoiding that result? Sir,
