THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27.
Clark, dawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Col flu, Comins, Cor-
ning. Covode, Cragin, Dmnrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of Indiana. Davis «t Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Farnsworth, Fen ton, Foley*
Foster. Ciddings.Gilman, Gilmer, Goodwin.Granger,Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hickman, Horton, Howard, J ewe it,
Kellogg, Eetsev, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach,
Letter, Lovqoy, Montgomery, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Nichols, Olin,
Parker, Pettii, Pike, Potter, Purvianee, Ritchie, Bobbins,
Roberts, Rovce, Seward, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman,
Samuel A.%miih. Sptaaer, Stanton, Stephens, William
Whiteley, Wilson, and Wood—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Burnett, Burns, Bur-
roughs, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cock-
erill, Cox, Burton Craige, Curry, Davidson, Dowdell, Elliott,
Bustis, Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, Giilis, Goode, Green-
,5 wood, Groesbeck,- Lawrence W. Hall, Hoard, Hopkins,
, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lawrence, Leidy,
' ' : Letcher, Mctiueeu, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles,
; Millson, Moore,Niwack,Peyton, Phelps, Powell, Quitman,
* Ready, Reagan. Iteiity, RuSiin, Sandidge, Savage,' Scales,
Scott, Henry M. Shaw, Sickles, William Smith, Stall-
warth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Ward, War-
res, Watktas, Wortendyke, and Augustus R. Wright—69.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
Pending the cali of the roll,
Mr. LETCHER stated that Mr. Clark, of
Missouri, had been called away to meet his fam-
ily, and coutd not be present.
Mr. GOODE stated that his colleague, Mr.
caskie,"had been called home under very un-
pleasant circumstances, and that he had paired
off on the Kansas question, with Mr. Wash-
burse, of Illinois.
M r. WORTENDYKE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hcyler, was detained at his room on ac-
count of sickness.
Mr. LAMAR stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Thompson.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Landy, was detained at home in consequence
of indisposition in his family.
Mr. FLORENCE also stated that his colleague,
Mr. Phillips, had paired off with Mr. Edie.
Mr. SPINNER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Searing, had paired off with Mr. Morgan.
Mr. RE1LLY stated that his colleague,.Mr.
Ahj., was necessarily detained from the House.
Tiie result of the vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
Mr. RITCHIE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the subject was laid on the table, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAUD OFFICES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the consent of the House
to call up the bill from the Senate to create addi-
tional land districts in the State of California, and
for other purposes. The request was made this
morning by the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, and was then objected to by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gidbings.] I have
since had a conference with that gentleman, and
he has kindly consented to withdraw his objec-
tion. This, sir, is a matter of much importance
to my State, and, as it isa matter in which I may
be supposed to have some personal interest, I ask
that the House will hear a statement from the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Core.]
• Mr. -WRIGHT, of Georgia. I object to this
bill being taken up, for the reason that there are
still many gentlemen who desire to speak on the
Kansas question, and it is injustice to them to
have the time of the House talcen up with other
matters.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to make a speech about
Kansas myself, and if the gentleman from Geor-
gia wishes to make a speech, I will give way.
Mr. W.RIGHTof Georgia. I do not wish to
make a speech myself, but there are others who
do. • • .
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
California propose to put the bit! on its passage,
or have it referred?
Mr. COBB. It is proposed to pat it on its pas-
sage. If the House will listen to me for three
minutes, they will have no objection.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I will withdraw
my objection.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
received its several readings, and was passed.
Mr. SCOTT moved to reconsider the vote by S
which the bill was passed, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. C. G. KENNEDY.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Yesterday
when I reported from the Committee of Claims
a bill for the relief of J. C. G. Kennedy, at the
request of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] certain papers in his possession were
ordered to be printed. It becomes necessary now,
in order to present the whole case, that other pa-
pers in possession of the committee should be
printed. I ask that they be ordered to be printed
with the report.
There was no objection; and the order to print
was accordingly made.
RESOLUTIONS OF A LEGISLATURE.
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, presented
joint resolutions from the Legislature of Iowa;
which were referred as indicated below:
A joint resolution asking that land entries made
with warrants and cash may be confirmed. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution asking for increased mail ser-
vice in Iowa. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise j
to what I regard as a privileged question. I see |
by the published proceedings of yesterday, that j
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] used i
this language in reference to the Illinois delega- j
tion: 1
" I allude to the successor of the gallant Richardson. X ■
take it to be true. He told me that they had a conference; j
that in that conference they came to the conclusion that the '
only chance for the reelection of Mr. Douglas to the Uni- .
ted States Senate was in the course he has pursued." I
I wish to say that no such consultation was
ever held to my knowledge; that I never partici-
patcd in any such consultation. i
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I say the same for
myself.
Mr. GREENWOOD. This is not a privileged
question, and I object to any further statement.
Mr. ENGLISH. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection, so that the gentleman
who has been referred to may make an explana-
tion. [Cries of " Withdraw it!"]
Mr. GREENWOOD. I withdraw the objec-
tion, since it appears to be the desire of the House
that I should do so, but with the understanding
that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
shall also be heard. [Cries of " Agreed !"]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have
been informed that, in my absence from the House
on yesterday, the honorable member from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] stated on the floor of the House
that the Illinois delegation, or the Democratic por-
tion thereof, had held a caucus or consultation,
(at some time and place not mentioned,) in which
they had determined that the only chance for se-
curing the reelection of Judge Douglas to the Uni-
ted States Senate, was to oppose the admission of
Kansas into the Union under the Lecompton con-
stitution.
I now distinctly state that no such consultation
was ever held fo my knowledge; and I am confi-
dent that none such was ever held, or contem-
plated being held, by any portion of said delega-
tion. And I have never had any intimation, di-
rectly or indirectly from Judge Douglas, or any
of his friends, that he has been influenced in any
degree in his action by any such motive, nor do
I believe such to be the fact.
I have frequently stated, (and probably have
done so to the gentleman from Virginia)—I so
stated in a speech delivered in this House—that
nearly the entire Democracy of Illinois had taken
their stand against forcing the Lecompton consti-
tution, or any other constitution, upon the people
of Kansas against their will, long Before Congress
convened; that they looked upon it as a great
wrong, and an abandonment of the principles of
the Democratic party, and a violation of the prin-
ciple of self-government; and that neither Judge
Douglas, or any body else, who would support
the Lecompton constitution, could, would, or
ought to be sustained by the people of Illinois;
and that our southern friends, who were so bitter
and denunciatory in their course, and for whom
we bav# battled so long and against such fearful
obstacles, ought to have some regard for our po-
sition and our convictions of duty. These views
I entertain yet. If 1 have ever been understood
to say more than this in substance, I have been
wholly misapprehended.
In expressing these sentiments I have spoken
formyself, and no one else. The statement that
any such conversation as that mentioned by the
gentleman from Virginia was ever held, I repeat,
as far as my recollection is concerned, is wholly
unfounded.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. Mr. Speaker, it will
be recollected by gentlemen that on yesterday I
made reference to a member of the Illinois delega-
tion substantially, in the language which has been
quoted by the gentleman near me, [Mr. Shaw.]
That member, I stated in another part of my
remarks, was the successor of the gallant Colonel
Richardson. I referred to the gentleman who has
just spoken, [Mr. Morris.] I stated, on that
occasion, and my purpose is to repeat with, if
possible, more distinctness than then, that after
this Congress had commenced its session—I do
not recollect the exact time—in a free conversa-
tion on publio questions with the honorable gen-
tleman from Illinois, he stated to me distinctly,
explicitly, and precisely, according to my present
recollection and my past recollection, that the Illi-
nois delegation held a conference as to the policy
that a distinguished Senator—Judge Douglas—
should pursue on this Lecompton question, with
a view to securing his reelection to the Senate of
the United States; and that the one he has pur-
sued was deemed the only course by which he
could hope to effect it. I have said this in private
conversation on various occasions. It was the
result of a very distinct recollection. I stated this
yesterday, and I repeat it to-day, a%my recollec-
tion—a recollection clear, distinct, and emphatic.
When this was told to me by an honorable mem-
ber from the Prairie State, I believed it, because
I am in the habit of believing what gentlemen tell
me, unless I have strong reasons for not believing
them. If I am correctly informed, the gentleman
told these things to others.
I have, in this statement, confined myself to
what passed yesterday. There are other matters
which might have been mentioned, if 1 had seen fit
to do so, but wi *h were not necessary in con-
nection with the (...union I then took. I will,how-
ever, state bow, though not necessarily connected
with this matter, that the gentleman informed me
that the delegation to the Cincinnati convention—
I think it was to the Cincinnati convention—had
recommended various appointments to the Pres-
ident of the United States for the State of Illinois;
thatthose recommendations had been disregarded;
and that that was one grief upon the part of the
delegation.
I might go further, and make other statements
of a similar character, but it is not necessary.
[Cries of "Go on!" "Go on!"] I regret very much
indeed, that there should be this collision of rec-
ollection; but, as I trust I am always careful in
regard to the statements I make, 1 hope the House
will allow me to ask the honorable member from
Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] if lie had not a similar
conversation with the gentleman from Illinois?
[Cries of" Hear him !"]
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I would ask
the gentleman from Illinois if that was not a pri-
vate conversation?
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker, I suppose I
am the gentleman referred to. All I have to say
is this: that the conversation which occurred be-
tween the gentleman from Illinois [Mr, Morris]
and myself, was in the presence of another gen-
tleman; and I do not feel at liberty, placed in the
position that I am, to retail or to give the con-
versation which occurred between the gentleman
from Illinois and myself, unless he calls for it.
That, I think, is the correct position, and the one
which I must take under the circumstances.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The conversation
to which the gentleman fromVirginia [Mr. Smith]
refers, he says, look place somewhere. I would
inquire of him, where?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If I report the gen-
tleman truly, it does not matter where the con-
versation occurred; iffalsely, I should be exposed.
The place is a matter of no consequence. I will
answer the question after we get at the main facts.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If I ever had a con-
versation with the gentleman from Virginia, (and I
