1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3oo
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
Mr. BELL. T shall vote this compensation to
the reporters of the Senate with great pleasure;
but, after all that has been said, I shall not dwell
any further on their merits, or their claims upon
the generosity of the Senate. I rise for the pur-
pose of interposing a word in defense of the printer
of the debates of Congress against what has been
said by the honoiable Semuoi from Virginia. I
shall not call it an attack, because, if I have not
misunderstood that Senator altogether in his gen-
eral principles and feelings as a public man and
a Senator, he did not intend any such thing. I
cannot suppose that he intended to convey an idea
which the course of his remarks would tend to
convey. The Senator has spoken of the appa-
rently offensive and dictatorial manner the printer
of the debates has assumed in penning the circu-
lar of which he complains. He is a plain, blunt
man, and does not employ very courtier-hkc lan-
guage; and I know the Senator from Virginia is
capable of understanding that, and appreciating
it; and there may not be a great deal in that point.
As T understand the honorable Senator, however,
he intends to convey the idea that there is an error
which ought to be corrected in the policy of the
Senate itself, with reference to the patronage we
had given forthe purpose of securing the printing
of the debates of the Senate, and that it should
not extend to the support of a newspaper. I do
not know that I undeistood the exact impression
my honorable friend had in his mind as to this
paper. Is it understood that it is a party press
which is supported, or a neutral press, or what is
the specific objection?
The honorable Senatorfrom Virginia says, that
having, as it is admitted by all gentlemen, a very
compe tent corps of i eport'-rs, sound policy requires
that we should devise some plan bv which their
repot ts should go to the country, without making
the money expended for the teports subsidiary
or auxiliary to the publication of a mere news-
paper. 1 have not been in the habit of reading
the Daily Globe very attentively, but I have some-
times cast my eyes over the editorifil portion, and
I have generally regaided it as giving heads of
infotmation that all parties in the country might
be interested in knowing, particularly the leaders
of the paper m which the daily proceedings of
Congress are published. If the printer of the
reports has availed himself of the patronage given
by the majority in both Mouses, (no matter what
their politics may be,) to maintain a newspaper
for the propagation and support of the-principles
of the party to which he professes to belong, or
has m any way made an 'improper use of the
patronage bestowed upon him, 1 should tlnnk it
objectionable; but I do not understand the Daily
Globe to be a paper of that kind.
If I comprehend the drift of the remarks of the
honorable Senator from Virginia, it is that, by
paying directly a corps of reporteis, we might
have the proceedings of this body published with-
out £i ving support to a newspaper. I donotper-
ceivc how such a pobey eould be put into opera-
tion. If we employ a corps of reporters to report
the proceedings of the Senate, and want them
punted for daily circulation in the country, how
can it be done but in the sheets of some publica-
tion'' And it must be in a daily journal. Would
my friend from Virginia order them to be printed
in a Government j or quasi Government, organ—
the press, in this city, which receives the patron-
age of whatever party may be in power, through
the Executive ? I know that could not have been
his idea, and yet that is the tendency of his re-
marks. This is not a greatcommeicial city, and
no party newspaper can be adequately maintained
here without receiving some support from the
Government. They usually become so impotent
for the want of that sort of patronage, or become
so dependent on getting some degree of support
fiom one or theother House of Congress, or from
the Executive, that they cease to be of any great
value to the country. In my opinion, the policy
which has been adopted by Congress, of patron-
izing the publication of such a journal as the
Globe, not regarding it as a party journal at ail—
and 1 have never considered it so—sendingto the
country daily reports of the proceedings and de-
bates in the two Houses of Congress, is worthy
of being denominated a national institution. If I
had the power, if I had the means, or if it was
: proper or constitutional, I should be happy to give
: my vote for sending that journal to every man in
' the United States who can read English, because
; it conveys information that he cannotget through
: the party press. If my friend from Virginia
should succeed in carrying out his policy, and
puttmgdown this publication of the debates of the
; Senate and House of Representatives through the
, Globe, he would necessarily, I think, be com-
pelled to resort to the columns of whatever paper
; might be the organ of theexistingexeeutive Gov-
. ernment, to whatever political partv it might be-
• long. Thus, when the debates went out to the
: country, containing the expression of sentiments
; on both sides of every question, they would be
: accompanied by partial comments calculated to*
' destroy the effect of unwelcome truths which might
otherwise be made to tell powerfully against the
party in powci. It is of the greatest importance
I that the truth shall go to the whole country if
possible; and some of the misfortunes under
which we are laboimg result from the fact that
the truth does not go to the whole country. When
party spirit runs as high as it does now, and as it
lias for many years past, prejudices are deeply ex-
cited, and the minds of the zealous followers of
party can scarcely be said to be rational in regard
to paity questions, and they will not regard as
of the slightest consequence statements coming
from a journal which is opposed to their own feel-
ings; at all events thejT do not pationize such
jou rnnls.
On these grounds, I consider such a publication
as that of Mi. Rives as of the greatest interest and
importance to the public to be maintained. It gives
to the country daily information of the proceed-
ings of Congress—the views of all parties. Why,
sir, if the time shall ever come when one party
shall have the predominance for a long period of
time, it will naturally not only grow corrupt, but
j tyrannical and oppressive; and a few individuals,
: patriotic, independent members of the party, have
not the power to correct and control it. The light
that goes from this quarter is, more or less, under
the control of the Government, in the way I have
stated. It may be s&id the press is free in the
; country everywhere, and in all the principal cities
j displays great talent, spirit, and independence.
That is tiue of individual journals; but, if they
take sides m politics, they enlighten their own
side alone; they mislead their own side; they abuse
the relations they oceupv to their readers. Thus
the truth does not reach the eountt y generally
through the party press. Here we have a press
which conveys the truth to ail Mdes. Now, one
party has the Executive pationage, has the con-
trol of a peweifu! corps of newspapers, diffused
over the United States, gi\en to it by a law which,
according to the practiee of all parties, it is under-
stood may be propei ly wielded according to then
; subserviency. In many quarters light is shed
I only through the organs of the party that maybe
dominant. One party is dominant to-day; soon
it may headifferent partv. and they may use their
power with less discretion, less judgment, and
less patriotism. I do not sp< ak in reference to any
particular party, but as a great question of prin-
; ciple. The fact is that, in its practical operation,
! our Government is departing very far from the
theory of our fathers—their expectation, then
, hope, their confidence, as to the manner in which
this Government would operate. I think one of
the greatest checks upon the abuse, tyranny, and
excessive corruption likely to arise m a Govern-
ment of this kind, is to be found in maintaining
among all parties throughout the whole reading
community the circulation of such a journal as the
G lobe.
I do not enter into the objections which have
been taken to the Globe on account of the circular
which lias been alluded to. I think its language
' is just such language as John C. Rives would be
■ likely to use. I know him personally, though
not very intimately, to be sure. He js no cour-
tier. I am certain he did not intend to presume
on his position to use language offensive to Sen-
ators; but he is a very plain, blunt man. I do not
, know whether he is overpaid or underpaid for his
services. 1 happened to have a conversation with
him m regaid to that very circular; for I am a
speaker who rise almost always, as I now do,
, without any preparation, and proceed off-hand,
I without much order or method, to state my sen-
! timents, and I am liable to be misunderstood, and
| I feared that I might not be able to correct the
i grossest blunder which might perhaps be made
! by the reporters. I suffered a little; because, when
the report of some remarks made by me, hi the
' early part of the session, got home to my State,
they were capable of the very opposite interpre-
tation from what I intended.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senator
will allow me, I wish to point him to a little mat-
; tor that has been touched upon, and that it will
be of service to us all to have understood. It is
the contract under which this work is done. It is
, contained in a very short resolution, which was
offered by Mr. Norris, of New Hampshire, and
, adopted by the Senate, in these words:
1 " Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he
[ is lieieby, authorized and nistiucted to audit, and from time
, to tune to settle. the accounts of John C Rives, for the le-
! poits of the Senate piocoedmgs and debates published m
the Daiiy Globe, at §7 50 a column: Provided, however,
! Th.xt, in aihhtniii and settling such accounts-, nothing
i be allowed for the publication of icvised speeches.a repott
• of which lias once been published, noi foi messages and
i report from executive officeis of the Government, nor for
| jepoits from committcos of the Senate."
There is the whole law under which our report-
ing is now done; and I will also state to the Sen-
ator and the Senate that of the $7 50, $4 50 is paid
i for reporting, and $3 a column is all that is paid
, for printing.
! Air. HELL. I do not know how that is. I have
; never entei ed into these details; my friend from
1 Arkansas, 1 know, understands them much bet-
; tor than I do, and I should be guided very much
by the expression of his sentiments. I did not
mean, however, to go into these questions. I rose,
for the purpose of suggesting something m reply
to the honorable Senator iiom Virginia, lest his
■ r< marks might prejudice the Senate, and those
who may read this debate in the country, against
the Globe. I do not see any objection to it, unless
• it be a party press, either insidiously or directly
taking sides on public questions; and J am sure
the honorable Senator from Virginia cannot take
this exception on the ground that he supposes it
to be hostile to his own political bias or feelings.
I meant merely to advocate the idea that it was a
matter of great importance that, from some im-
partial source, a printed sheet, containing the de-
bates and proceedings of both Houses of Con-
■ gress, should go to every section of the country,
and I would sustain the policy of letting it go free;
and if it did not exceed an amount that wasun-
! reasonable,! should like to have it go to every
' reader in e\ery State of the Union. I donotknow
i that even that would be unconstitutional; but it
might be an unreasonable demand upon the Treas-
ury. 11 is can ving out the gieat idea that while
; the pie>.s is fiee, we may trust the sense and in-
'r tclhgenee and judgment and patriotism of the
1 country to keep this Government steadily in the
' track m which it was intended to move by the
Constitution. But, sir, it seems to me that from
■ the excessive party spirit by which the party
press has been actuated repeatedly m my time—
1 do hot speak of it as existing now to a greater
1 extent than I have known it to be many times be-
fore—the Government is liable to be driven from
the track in which our fathers, the founders of the
Constitution, intended it should move. Such a
lournal as this I consider important to keep it
i there.
As to the provision for these reporteis, I shall
vote for it with <rreat pleasure; not knowing, and
not having any ground on winch to found a sat-
isfactorv belief, whether Air. Rives can aftord to
give them the amount they ought to have or not.
As I understand the resolution under which these
ieports are published, which has been read by
the Senator from Arkansas, he gives just what
1 was intended should be given: and if we give them
something moie, by way of expressing our liberal
feelings towards them, or adding, by a separate
vote, to what we consider an inadequate compen-
■ sation, I do not see that it affects Air. Rives one
way or the other. If we do not pay Air. Rives
enough, I should be willing to vote an additional
' allowance to him, if it woie necessary to sustain
his publication in a propei form.
: Alt. AIASON. I can assure the Senator f«-om
:[ Tennessee, that, in speaking; of this newspaper,
