308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
gentleman from Ohio, "which I prefer. I want the
investigation in the broadest, fullest shape pos-
sible. Let all the facts connected with the matter
be given to the country. Let it be known if there
be a single member in this House influenced by cor-
rupt motives. Let the fact be ascertained whether
New England manufacturers operate in this way.
If they do, they will be less entitled to the regard
of American Representatives than they have been
heretofore supposed to be.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman yield to
me, to modify the resolution?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to modify the first
resolution so as to add to the powers of the com-
mittee by adding, " and also to report all the facts
found by the committee," so that the resolution
would read :
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker to investigate said charge, and to inquire whether
any member or officer of this House received any part of said
sum, and the facts found by the committee; and that said
committee shall have power to send tor persons and papers.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Illinois, I would say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, that I do not think his modi-
fication covers the point he seeks to attain. The
original resolution confincs the investigation to
those who may be members or officers of this
House. Now what I suppose the gentleman
endeavors to accomplish, and what I think ought
to bo accomplished is, that the examination of the
committee should not be confined to the officers and
members of the present House, but that the com-
mittee should examine the entire subject and re-
port all the evidence, whether it implicated men
now in the House or out of the House.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose that my resolu-
tion covers that ground.
Mr. HOUSTON". The gentleman is mistaken.
It does not. Ft is coniinul tints express terms to
members and officers of this House.
Mr. STANTON". It confines only the power
to present charges to the mombcis and officers of
the present House; but it also directs the com-
mittee to report what facts they may find.
The icsolutinn as modified was again road.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
will see that my point is well taken. The 1 evo-
lution confmey the inqi'.tnj to members and oilieeis
of this House; so (hat it may be that members
and oilieeis of the last House were implicated in
this business of corruption—if corruption theie
was—mid yet this resolution does not authorize
the committee to loolc into their acts. And while
I admit that we have no power to punish those
who arc not members of this IToune, yet I think
we ought to bring the whole facts before the coun-
try by the investigation by this committee, and
let the country devil with those implicated as public
sentiment may require.
Mr. STANTON, if the gentleman from Ala-
bama has any apprehension as to the scope of the
resolution, he will oblige me if he will prepare what
lie thinks will meet his views, and i will accept
the modification.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It is not my pur-
pose, Mr. Speaker, to enter into a discussion of
the merits of these resolutions. So far as per-
sonal considerations arc concerned, they affect
neither me nor those who voted with mo. t think,
however, from what has transpired since the in-
vestigation of the last session, and from what is
being promulgated every day through the press
of the country, it is due to the character of the
House that some investigation should be had.
Mr. MORGAN. I want to know by what
authority the gentleman says the facts of this
investigation cannot affect those who voted with
him ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will answer that,
and also any other questions the gentleman may
choose to ask. I have the record before me show-
ing the votes of members upon the proposition at
the last session of Congress for a modification of
the tariff. There has been nothing which has
transpired, or which has met my observation, that
goes to show in what direction it may be alleged
that this money has gone. But from what trans-
pired at the last session, in the investigations
which were then had, we have very bttle to fear
from any investigations that may now be insti-
tuted- The respective characters of the two sides
of the House were fully portrayed in the reports
which were made on that occasion, and until this
side of the House is assailed, it needs no defense;
and any assault that, it is proposed to make, is
here most cordially defied.
There are some questions, however, connected
with this matter, which may not inappropriately
be considered. The House will very well recol-
lect, and the Journals furnish proof to those who
do not recollect, that there were resolutions re-
ported at the last session, by a select committee,
which implicated the character of a member of
the House, and that person is now a member of
the House. Fortunately, he is not upon this side
of the House. And, sir, while it is proposed to
go to Boston to investigate what has been done
there, connected with the corrupt legislation of the
House, it may be well enough for us to turn our
eyes and see what is actually presented here in our
midst—what we know by the record. In order to
complete the purification of the House, and the
expurgation of offensive members, and that the
whole matter may he presented in its proper form,
I send to the Chair an amendment, which I pro-
pose as an additional resolution. I move to add
the following:
Wheien^, fit the la<?t pession of^Con^ress. a select com-
mittee of this House ivpoited the following resolutions, to
ivi r :
'"Resolved, That Oiwamus R Mattcsim, a member of
tliN llousctrom the fc^fate of New Yoik, did incite paities
deeply interested in the parage ofa joint resolution for con-
suming the Deo Monies ant, to have hcie and to u<e a largo
sum 01 money and other valuable consideiation^ eoriuptly,
tor the purpose of procming the passage of said joint res-
olution through tins House.
'"Resolved, That Orsamus B. M<ttfso\, in deelming
that a laige numberof the membeisof this House had asso-
ciated themselves togethei and pledged themselves, each to
The oihei, not to vote for any law or le-^olution granting
mon v 01 lands unless they were paid for it, has falsely and
willfully assailed and defamed the character of the House,
and ha* pioved hmiricli' unwoithy to be a member theieof.
LCi.'( olvcd, That Onsi.vmus B. M yttphon, a member of
thw House fiom the State of New Yoik, be, and is hereby,
expelled therehoin."
And wheteas, ihc first of haul icsolnUons was adopted
by tlie llou e ol l'epro.'mlahvev on the 07lh ol Feiuuary
last, i>v a vale of 11."> veas to 17 na\ s ; and the said second
it'-.olutioii was adopted by the Hou.-e on the same day with-
out a division; and wheteits, said Mvrrt-^os' had, prioi to
an\ \t ir  bomir taken on the !a-t uu.olution. lemoned his
scat in t lie flouse, and thus avoided the elieel ol the same ;
and who crN, the .-.aid M vvn- son i 5 a uh-hiIkt ol tin-> House,
Willi the irnpuut'ons eunveyed h\* the prissa«e of the lilr-t
two of ihc [ongoing le-olutions :,uil upon him, and with-
out having [teen, Mib'-e;juently mdoiseU by Ins constituents ;
tlH M'lull',
I!)lrrd, Titer sani committee take the afon^aid --rate
ol lac's into eon .[di-i anon and repo; r to this Ilou-e, if any,
and it so, what action mav he necessary and ptoprj io
maintain and vindicate the chaiaeici of tins Ilou-e.
Mr. STANTON. I lise to a question of order.
I submit that the amendment is not germane to
the resolutions under consideration. It relates to
an eutn ely different subject-matter—to an entirely
distinct inquiry, i do not want the resolutions
which 1 ha\e presented to the House burdened by
the addition of any such proposition.
_ Mr. M AK li.ES,of Illinois. The Chair will de-
cide the quest ion of order. I am peifecUy willing,
however, if the gentleman objects to it, that the
matter shall stand as the gentleman has olfered
it. I do not want my proposition yoked to his
unless it is strictly 111 oider. I do not wish to
embarrass his resolutions;' and if there is any ob-
jection upon that side of the House, I withdraw
my amendment.
The SPEAKER. TheOhair is of the opinion
that the amendment is not in order. It is not ger-
mane to the oi'i^imd proposition.
Mr. HARRIS, ol Illinois. Very well. Then
I w'll present it as an independent proposition
whenever i shall have an opportunity.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoigm. 1 move the pre-
vious question on the resolutions.
Mr. GROW. I a<k the gentleman to withdraw
the demand for the previous question a moment;
[ will renew it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I cannot do so.
I want to get to the Speaker's table for the pur-
pose of taking up the jomt resolution aliecting cer-
tain naval officers, tor if we do not pass it to-day,
we need not pass it at all.
Mr. GROW. I do not propose to occupy the
time of the House for more than five minutes.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 cannot with-
draw the demand. I insist on it.
Mr. STANTON. I desire the attention of the
gentleman from Georgia. As the mover of the
resolutions, I desire five minutes to reply to re-
marks which have been made by the gentleman
from Maryland, and I will then move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Ihave just now
been informed, that, from action taken by the Sen-
ate, yesterday, it is not indispensably necessary
for us to act upon the joint resolution relative to
these naval officers. I will therefore withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. STANTON obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Ohio has already spoken on
this question, and 1 insist that he cannot speak
again, until other members, who have not spoken,
have had an opportunity to do so.
Mr. STANTON. The resolutions have been
modified, and there are amendments pending upon
which I have not spoken.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman is right, and
the Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to call the attention
of the House to the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] I regret that the
gentleman from Illinois should have deemed it
proper, upon this occasion, to allude to parties in
this House, and the manner in which they may
be affected by this or any other investigation. My
position in regard to a question of that kind is,
that it is the duty of every family and every
political party to see to its own household; and
if there be a corrupt man upon this side of the
House, I would vote to expel him sooner than I
would to expel a man of the other side, because it
is indispensable to the maintenance of any polit-
ical party that its integrity should be preserved,
and that it shall command the confidence of the
country. Now, the gentlemen upon the other side
have some family affairs that they have not dis-
posed of, in relation to the sale of Port Snelling
and other matters. Let them get along with that,
and then they can talk to us about their character.
I regret exceedingly that anything of a party
character should have been brought into this dis-
cussion. "Rut when the gentleman said that that
side of the House could not bo charged, there was
another idea which occurred to me. Why, sir,
the cardinal object of these Massachusetts manu-
facturers was to get rid of the duty on wool, and
every gentleman on the other side voted to take
off the duty on wool under twenty cents perpound.
The vote to reduce the duty on wool way a party
vote. They, then, are the very men who are im-
plicated in this charge.
Mr. Speaker, I desire now to call the attention
of the House for a few moments to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland. It is
claimed that inasmuch as a committee of the last
House performed the functions of inquirers and
triers of parties charged with corruption, it is
therefore a safe rule, a safe practice. It is said
that no injustice was done; that these parties had
great privileges and facilities extended to them,
tor the purpose of presenting their defense before
the committee. I think, sir, that that is true. I
think that it is possible that 110 injustice was done
to any of the parlies charged by that committee.
1 think that they had all fairness extended to them
that it was within the power of the committee to
extend, without a total defeat of the purposes of
the investigation. But the proposition I desire to
make is, that gentlemen in this House shall not
depend for their rights upon the discretion of a
few gentlemen who may happen to compose an
investigating committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to ask the
gentleman a question befoie he takes his seat.
He alludes to a family quarrel upon this side of
the House in reference to the sale of Fort Snel-
ling. I want to know whether he means to inti-
mate that any member here has any connection,
immediate or remote, with that sale?
Mr. STANTON. No, no, I do not; but I mean
that the Administration which the gentleman
helped to bring into power and now supports,
made the sale, and a member on that side of the
House moved for the investigation, and it seems
to be a family affair.
Mr. Speaker, a committee of this House, it is
said, in a single instance, performed impartially,
without any injustice to the parties; charged, the
functions of grand and petit jurors.
Now, the inquiry I desire to present, (and I
regard it as exceedingly important,) is, whether
the House regard it as right and just and safe for
