1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
any sort of insult or disrespect to anybody; but he
is a plain-spoken man, and he might have spoken
in what seems to Senators rather a peremptory
tone and manner. For my part I read the ciicu-
lar, and I did not take the slightest exception in
the world to it. I am not easily insulted; I do
not conceive myself to be insulted at anything; I
wait until 1 am satisfied that somebody means it
in reality, before taking any particular exception
to the language; but i think after all that is not a
matter to take any great exception to. So much
for that.
I hope, really, that those who are disposed to
vote this allowance to these reporters will vote it
now. Let us reconsider this bill and provide for
them, and I "say so simply for this reason, that
we have more time now, and more leisure to do
it understandingly, than we shall have by and by.
If this matter is put oft'to the last of the session,
on the lust night or two, there is no knowing how
much debate we shall have then, and how it will
be hurried over. We can consider it more under-
standing^, more coolly, more deliberately now, to
better effect and purpose, than we can m the hurry
of the last moments of the session. This bill is
before us and we have time. At any rate we are
not pressed as we shall be; and if there is any
justice to be done to these men, if they have a
claim which we ought to consider—I mean a claim
m equity, in good conscience, in fairness, and
good nature if the Senator phases—any ground
on which he pleases to put it—then let us take it
now while we are all in the mood for it and have
sufficient time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. In regard to the
last remarks made by the Senator from Maine, I
hove a woid to say, and that is, as to there being
more titnc now to settle this matter, I do not think
that is so. We have an appropuation bill which
lias already been passed, and the motion is to re-
consider it. I hope very much that the Senator
from Wisconsin will not urge the matter at this
time; I do not feel that 1 cqji consent, now that the
appropriation bill has passed, to vote tor a recon-
sideiation. It is opening the bill for too much,
and I do not see that this will be an end to it at
all, when it is opened, and I do not know when
we shall get clear of this bill. I hope very much
that the Senator will withdraw his motion for re-
consideration. I shall certainly, myself, vote for
the compensation, when the time comes, upon a
separate bill, but I cannotvote to supporta move-
ment now, as I stated in the fit st remarks i made,
which calls for a reconsideration of the bill. I
trust very much that the Senator will withdraw
it,and let this bill he passed.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. As the appeal is made to
nic to withdraw the motion to r< consider, perhaps
a word isduefiom me to explain the reasons why
I do not fi-el constrained to yield to the icquost.
1 dislike very much, indeed, not to yield to the
request of my friends—those who arc disposed to
favor the object which \ desire to accomplish my-
self: but 1 fear that if th is provision be not put m
this bill, which embrace* an appropriation for the
House reporters, it being upon a kindred subject,
and necessarily connected with it, and it be de-
feired until the last appropriation bill—the om-
nibus bill—which may pass among the very last
bills in the session, a debate may arise, and the
result may be that it would not be put m that bill,
and then we should be placed in this position:
that we should have consented to pay the House
repoiters this extra compensation,and the Senate
reporters would not be paid it at all. For my own
part, 1 desire to see them put upon a footing of
equality and justice. I have no other desue m
the mattei.
Now, I beg leave to say to the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason*,] that it seems to
me—wiih all due deference to that Senator—that
the remarks which he makes in relation to the
language that has been used by Mr. Ilives, the
publisher of the debates, furnishes no reason why
we should not do justice to the repoiters,who sit
here and take down these debates. That is a ques-
tion with Mr. Hives, in reference to the publica-
tion of the debates, and not a question with those
persons who actually report the debates, and are
. to receive this compensation.
Air HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will tell my honorable friend
I from Virginia that I am not inclined at all to yield
even to his impatience, for all I shall get on this
question is to have it discussed—I undei stand that
perfectly well—and as the remarks I have made
have been subject to a good deal of observation,
I prefer replying on the spot. I did not make the
remarks I did in the opening with the view to pre-
vent a reconsideration, but in reply to the speech
of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
and to what we heard all around us everywhere,
" do justice to these gentlemen." Since then,
this debate has branched outinto the propriety of
this mode of reporting, and as to the good man-
ners of the person whom we employ to report and
print our proceedings. I do not intend to follow
j it there; but 1 wish to say that I entirely agree
with my honorable friend from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] in the manner in which he has so prop-
erly characterized the course pursued by this pub-
lic printer; and I wish to enter my dissent alto-
gether from the observation of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] who holds that the re-
porters of this body havegotarightto report any
Senator as they please, and to print his remarks
as they please. The contiact is to print what he
said, and nobody contends for anything else. JNTo
one has contended for the right, as the Senator
from Maine intimates, of making one speech here
and going and putting another in print.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been done.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes; and it is done now, and
it has been done since that circular was issued—
done within my knowledge—done almost every
day. I have heard gentlemen make observations,
of which 1 have taken notes at my desk in otder
to reply to them; but on looking into the Globe
the next morning, I found they were not there.
Those who choose to go to the office, alter their
remarks as it suits them. I recoMect hearing an
important debate in the House of Representatives
a few weeks ago, between two gentlemen of that
House, in which I felt some solicitude and some
interest; but any human being who read the re-
port of the debate next morning would not have
recognized it; and that is undei the new circular.
I heard the debate with interest, and there was a
very good reason why it was altered. One of the
parties got badly woisted in the scrape, and he
made his speech to fit. That ought to have been
denounced.
I recollect malting a speech some days ago, in
regard to the Army, and said you might as well
set a Highland cooter—a tnranm m my country
—to catch an antelope, as set a regular soldier to
catch an Indian;and these rcportei s, who are good
ones, made me say that you might as well set a
colt after an antelope; *but I suppose I am bound
by it.
Gentlemen have spoken about speeches being
retained. Well. I suppose I have a trunk full of'
them now. In the vaiictv of my engagements in
the Senate here, in my office, at home, attending
to myduties in this body, attending to the public
interest, and trying to prevent this very thing of
plundering the Treasury, I had not time frequent-
ly  especially at the lattei part of a session, thread .
over and correct the inaccurate reports of my re-
marks, and so they were laid aside for some other
time 1 think that complaint is just as to me 1 '
suppose there are m my document-room now at
least a dozen utfpnnted speeches. J found it took
so much time to revise them that 1 had not it to
I spare.
| j\row, one half the debates here are of no coa-
\ sequence to the country or to anybody. A gieat
! deal of them is on questions of onU t, and agn at
i deal as to the priority of busjiM s*. Tlu'ee are ne-
I cecsaty to be said for the oeoasion, but there is '
i no use in putting tlicm in a big book to be S"iit 1
j through the mails. Why, sir, you would have
1 to give a great many prisons m tins country ten ,
i dollars a day to read the Globe. Nobody reads ;
i it. 1 think it is a good burinl place, i do not
i' know a more private place on the face of the e.ii th
'' to put anything than one corner of the Washing-
i ton Globe, and that is the secui ity of many of the ■
'! outrages and abuses of Congress. If there wag
, a different system, if the newspapeis eireulatud ,
1 abroad the views taken on prominent questions
i| before the country as they formcily did, the ieal
j business of Congress would be before the people, ■
i| and they would decide on H; but now we bury all |
in the Globe, and from there there is no resurrec-
tion. It is harmless I admit, but expensive; and
that is my objection to it.
But, sir, the point I made in this case was ngt
whether the reporting was good or bad. So far as
I am concerned* it is bad; and I enter now a gen-
eral disclaimer with reference to my speeches that
I do not report myself—they are not accurate. It
may be—I dare say it is—my fault; but such is the
fact. One man may be slow t)f speech, like Moses;
another may have the facility of speaking with
clearnc'ss and distmctnoss;and others may be very
different in their style; so that it may not be the
fault of the reporters. The question I made here, la
one which no Senator has thought proper to meet,
cxcopt the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brow.v.] and ho has taken a very curious
view of it. He almost charges me with filching
money from Mr. Rives's pocket because I willnot
pay his workmen, when I pay him to pay them;
in fact, he used that term. We employ John C.
Hives at an enormous sum. We commenced with
paying him $7 50acolumn,and we have since add-
ed a cent for five, pages, which nearly doubles the
printing part of it, and then an extra pay for bind-
ing and various other allowances, until it has got
up to a sum between one hundred and thirty and
one hundred and sixty thousand dollars a year,
which we pay htm to report and print, find the
paper, ami bind, and furnish the book as printed.
Now, because we do not pay the workmen who
do the woik, forsooth, we are filching money out
of his pocket. I say it is li Idling money out of the
public Treasmy, contraiy to law and justice—I
use the term of the Senator from Mississippi; I do
not coin it or put it here, but I think it appropriate
to say that you filch money from the public Treas-
ury against justice and against right. I do not sup-
pose there is a man in this body who would do it
with his own 'money. Suppose you employ a
man to build a house for you, and his workmen
conic to you and complain, '* weonly get a dollar
a day, we work hard, and are entitled to two:"
what would you say to them, if it was your own
case? " Go tp my contractor, settle the business
with him; if he does not pay you enough, quit
him." " Well," but they say, we are excel-
lent workmen, and it is very hard business." That
has nothing to do with it, and I undertake to say
there is not a man in this body, who, if it were
his own individual case, would not turn them over
to the contractor, whom he employed.
It is very different, however, when you come
to deal with public money—the money of those
poot devils, the people, whose praises we hear so
much, and yet who ai e so outrageously plun deied.
They bear the buidens; they are the asses who
are to bo satisfied with the compliments to the
laborer which we hear frequently all around me
—the nobleness of labor, the grandeur of labor,
the rights of labor, free labor or slave labor, or
whatever other kind of labor you please; but
when it comes to voting public money, what does
labor gam ? Sn , you wiing pence out of povei ty,
out of this very labor, in ord< r to pamper wealth
and insolence. You have employed this man at
hundreds of thousands of dollars a year to do this
woik, and now you come here and say he does
not pay Ins workmen enough, ami therefore you
will do it for him. That is all there is m it,and
no man on this Door has denied that that is the
catte. Goaiid tell the honest laborer of Vermont,
tell it to the laboiei of Maine, tell it to the laborer
of Mississippi, tnll it to the laborer of Ohio, tell
it everywhcie, that vou have employed a man
who has been fattening and living on the public
pmve for a quarter of a century, bloating in wealth,
that you ha ve made a contract with him, that you
have'doubled it, and trebled it, and added to it,
again and again, and that he comes to you—no,
he does not; he is too proud for that, and 1 honor
him for it; he does not say a word m tins busi-
ness; he leaves that to you and to other persons
to come here ami say this man does not pay his
laboreis enough, and theretoie the Semite of the
United States must pay them sSOO apiece more?
Why not say ^.OOO r Why put it at <*800 5 You
say the House of Hepiesentntivesgive that to the
men there, and therefore the Senate ought to give
if here. Because the House of Representatives
vioiute their public duty, and pay Rives's work-
men, you aie to do the samel I suppose, then,
