mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
mm
the rights and honor of members to be intrusted
to the discretion of five gentlemen selected by the
Speaker? It is said that copies of the testimony-
were furnished to the parties charged. But, if
that was so, was it not within the discretion of
the committee to withhold them? There was no
obligation on the committee to present copies of
the testimony. I desire, with the assistance of
the House, to set a precedent which, in times of
high party excitement., will prevent a prejudiced
or corrupt Speaker from placing the rights or the
honor of members of this House in the power of
a packed committee, with power to inquire, in-
vestigate, and condemn in secret. I want some
security against the abuse of that unlimited and
boundless discretion which was conferred upon
the committee of the last House, and which it is
now proposed to confer upon this committee.
There is another fact, worthy of consideration.
The committee which investigated the charges
presented against members of this House, at the
last session, accused one of the four persons whose
cases were investigated, with an offense for which
they presented a resolution of expulsion ;and every
member of the committee, I believe, voted for that
resolution, when it was rejected in the House by a
vote of 139 to 42. The House differed with that
committee. Such a committee, acting in the capa-
city of grand jurors, who enter into the spirit of the
Erosecution, feel that it is their function and their
usiness to purge the body and to expel unworthy
members; and they lose sight, to a very consider-
able extent, of the rights and privileges of individ-
ual members.
I am at a loss to comprehend how the resolu-
tions I submitted complicate the proceedings of the
House. It is said by the gentleman from Mary-
land, that peihaps, when a charge is presented
against a member, he will not desire to have another
committee. Very well. There is no difficulty in
the world about a party waiving rights which he
is entitled to. I take it that if a gentleman is
charged here with an offense, and does not desiie
an investigation, he has nothing to do but to say
so; let him plead guilty or let him elect another
mode of trial; let him agree to go before the House
upon the testimony reported by fhe first commit-
. tee, and these resolutions, providing for his bene-
fit and protection, will not stand in his way.
But there is another difficulty in relation to the
testimony to be taken before the first committee.
The first committee should take down the testi-
mony in writing, and it should be keptin its pos-
session. It shouidnotbo reported, nor made pub-
lic without the consent of the party charged, until
the witnesses have been reexamined in his pres-
ence, subject to his cross-cxamination, and such
other testimony has been offered as he chooses to
submit in his defense. The testimony should be
reduced to writing, and preserved for the purpose
of aiding the prosecution before the second com-
mittee.
So far as I am personally concerned, Mr.
Speaker, if the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland prevails, I shall certainly feel it my
duty to transfer this investigation to him. I will
not, as a member of this House, undertake to in-
vestigate charges against a member, and report to
this House testimony taken in his absence, upon
which this House is to act in determining the
merits of his case. There are two reasons for it:
in the first place, I want, when the testimony is
taken before the committee, not to be under the
necessity of furnishing to the party charged a copy
of the evidence during the progress of the inves-
tigation. Their right would seem to require that
they should have a copy; and yet the furnishing
of a copy may be the means of counteracting the
object of the examination, and may set them to
work to use instrumentalities to prevent further
investigation, and prevent the corroborating of
testimony already taken.
I do not desire to be embarrassed with an in-
vestigation prosecuted in such form as to prevent
me from making a full development of the whole
case. I do not desire it, acting in that capacity,
and charged mainly with the duty of inquiring
into abuses, and not of trying anybody. My ob-
ject would be to hunt up what abuses and what
corruptions have been practiced by any member of
this House; and therefore I should not feel bound
to guard the rights of the party charged, to the
same extent that I would if 1 were taking the tes-
timony upon which the party was to be tried.
The proposition of the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Davis] is seeking to gather to a single
committee the united functions of a petit and a
grand jury; and commits the honor, the rights,
and the privileges of the members of this House
to the hands of a body constituted at the pleasure
of the Speaker of the House. With all du<5 def-
erence to, and expressing the utmost confidence
in, the Presiding Officer of tftis House, I am not
willing to sot a precedent which, in future time,
may work great prejudice and evil to the mem-
bers of this House,
I therefore trust that the House, if they intend
to have an investigation at all, will suffer it to pro-
ceed in the manner indicated in the resolutions
which I have offered; and that the committee
raised shall be a mere committee to inquire, and
not to take the testimony upon which any mem-
ber of this House shall be charged with bribery
or corruption.
Mr. GROW obtained the floor.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I ask my colleague to
yield me the floor for one moment. I think L have
a resolution which will meet the approbation of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GROW. I will yield to my colleague if
thereby I do not lose my right to the floor.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I ask to have my reso-
lution read; and I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will accept it as a modification of his own.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, a committee appointed to investigate the af-
faiid of the company of Lawrence, Stone & Co., of Massa-
chusetts amount other thins-:, teport: That .^7,000, as
appeals from papers m possesion of said company, wen;
paid to bceuie ilie passage, at the last se^ion ol Confess,
of the law reducing the duty on foreign and
wheicas, said lvpoithas found its way into the public jour-
nals, accompanied by severe icflections upon the members
oi the Thuty-Fomth Congiesa. some of whom being mem-
bers of the pie^ont, and therefore c.\po.-ed to Mi-picions
which tequire immediate mvotijiation • Therefoie,
Resolved, That a committee of live meinbeis ho appointed
to inquire mio and investigate said charge, and if iound to
be tiue, to asceitam whether any meiribei, officer, or em-
ploys oi the then or present IIou<« weic, in any wf>y, con-
nected with the receipt oi di->bui->emcnt of said sum of
money, or any p.irt thereof, and if so, the names of said
paities. and the facts elicited, of which the parties impli-
cated shaU be notified by the committee, and shall have an
oppoitmufy of appealing before the same, thcio to be hoaid
fully—tiie ic&ult of which to be communicated to the House
for its action.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will omit
the last part of it, and leave it as a substitute for
my first resolution, lam willing to adopt it. But
I am not willing that the committee shall take and
report the evidence in the ease, upon which the
party is to be tried by the House.
Mr. GROW. On the introduction of this res-
olution, it was not my intention to take part in
this discussion. I shall trespass now but a few
moments upon the attention of the House, and
should have been content to give my vote for the
resolution in silencc but for the remarks of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] and those
that 1 ell irom the lips of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Harris,] who seems to-day to be imi-
tating the example of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. IIaskix] the other day, who p„ud a
high compliment to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Tiiayer,] by admitting m his mode
of reply that ho was so completely impaled that
there was no way for him to extricate himself
except by a wholesale charge upon a great party
in this country, instead of meeting the remarks
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, he chose
to make a chargc upon the integrity of one of the
great parties of this country, and upon every j
member of it upon this floor. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] to-day imitates his
example, and instead of replying to the question
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Moiigan,]
he attempts to cast suspicion upon the integrity
of all the members on this side of the House, and
like the man of old who stood up and thanked
God that he was not like other men, ho wraps
around himself his cloak of self-righteousness,
and hurls anathemas upon the members upon this
side of the Hall.
Sir, the attempt to make the course of proceed-
ings of the investigating committee of the last
Congress a precedent to be followed hereafter, is
an invasion of the privileges guarantied by the
Constitution to every citizen. Why, sir, should
the character of members of Congress be placed
at the mercy of the abandoned and debased more
than that of others ? I would throw around them,
as I would throw around the humblest criminal i©
the courts, the safeguard which the Constitution
of the country gives to personal liberty and to
personal character. That Constitution permits
you to try no man charged with the least offense
in a court of justice, without confronting him
wi th h is accuse r. The committee of the last Con-
gress brought before them profligates from the
streets to blacken the characters of members of
this House, and allowed them, in secret, to give
evidence, solitary and alone, to disgrace the ac-
cused forever.
Mr. RITCHIE. I rise to a question of order.
It is not in order to discuss the action of the com-
mittee of the last Congress, the matter not being
properly before the House.
! Mr. GROW. It was brought before the House
i by the remarks of the gentleman from Maryland,
I [Mr. Davis.]
| Mr. RITCHIE. "Well, the gentleman from
i Maryland was out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair dislikes very much
to have that question of order raised, inasmuch as
the occupant of the chair was a member of that
committee.
Mr. RITCHIE. The matter was fully dis-
cussed last session, and the action of the House
had upon it.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman [Mr. Ritchie]
was a member of that committee, and if he is un-
willing to have its proceedings investigated——
Mr. RITCHIE. If the gentleman [Mr. Grow]
moves for a committee to investigate the conduct of
that committcc, I am perfectly willing it should be
done; but I do not wish to have a controversy now
on asubject which was fully discussed before, and
whore the whole matter was investigated from
beginning to end.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] will
confine his remarks to the resolution before the
House.
Mr. GROW. I stand here, then, to protest
a«aiusl this House raising a committee, at any
time, to investigate the conductofany of its mem-
bers charged with I care not how small an of-
fense affecting his integrity, without that member
being called to confront the witnesses against him.
I ask that his character shall not be, because he is
a member of Congress, held less sacred than that
of a petty thief m courts of justice. That was
done m the last Congress, and will be again, if
the precedent referred to by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] becomes the settled prac-
tice. Witnesses collected from your streets, with
malignity in their hearts, and who can gloat over
the ruin of those on whom they desire to avenge
their supposed wrongs, will, m the dark, give
testimony which, with the eye of their victim
flashing full m their face, they dare notgive;their
tongue would cleave to the roof of their mouth,
| and they cannot utter the falsehood. Why have
j the sages of the law built around every man that
: great bulwark of liberty and personal rights, by
requiring his accuser to be confronted with him?
It is because such is human nature that guilt and
wrong quails before the indignant frown of inno-
cence, truth, and justice. Therefore the perjured
witness on the stand confronting him whom he
accuses, face to face, does not tell the tale of
falsehood that he would utter in the dark.
Now, I am in favor of the resolutions offered by
the gentleman from Ohio; and I trust the House
will not regard the innovation of the investigating
committee'of last Congress as affording a prece-
dent to be followed; for never, m the history of
the Government, till then, did a committee, ap-
pointed to investigate the conduct of members, sit
with closed doors, and deprive the member impli-
cated of the right to confront the witnesses face
to face. " Oh!" say gentlemen, " no harm can
come of it; no man can be hurt by it; is he not to
be tried by the House?" If you take the pro-
ceedings in last Congress as a precedent, he is not
to be tried at all. The House gave no trial to the
members impeached. They were tried on the tes-
timony taken in the star chamber—in the dark —
and on that alone, when the examination-hi-chief
oftho witnesses was in the absence of the accused.
Yourgrand juries have no record of the testimony
taken before them to blast the character of the
victim accused. You bring him into court not to
try him on the testimony taken before the grand
jury, but on testimony of witnesses face tu face
