810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. January 15,
with the accused. The men who are to find the
verdict that is to affect the character of the accused,
know nothing of what took place in the grand jury-
room. There is, therefore, no similarity between
this course of proceeding and that of a grand jury,
and especially as this grand jury can do as it did
last Congress, suppress a portion of the testimony
of witnesses, and then come in and ask the House
to pass judgment on these ex parte statements.
1 sought the floor, sir, not for the purpose of
making a speech, but merely to enter my protest
againstany precedent being established that would
deprive a member of Congress of the same protec-
tion to liberty and character which the wisest and
sagest of your law-makers, from the time that
civilized society began, to this hour, have thrown
around criminals in courts ofjustice. Why should
a man, because he chances to occupy a seat on this
floor, be left to the mercy of the profligates who
surround these Halls, who may go before commit-
tees, in the absence of the member implicated, and
give testimony to blacken his character and affix
disgrace to it for all time?
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask the gentleman
from Virginia to yield to me, that I may reply to
a remark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. LETCHER yielded the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. With the consent
of the gentleman from Virginia, for one moment,
I wish to reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] who has just
taken his seat. It seems very hard to satisfy that
fentleman as to the manner of the investigation,
t is very difficult to suit him as to the form of the
resolution. About that I am entirely indifferent,
provided the facts are got at.
But the gentleman said that we on this side, or
perhaps myself, were disposed to be like the man
of old, who stood afar off, and thanked God that
he was not as other men. If he means to say that
myself, or those who act with me, do offer up such
thanks as that we are not as some other men, then
he is correct. And if the gentleman will also im-
itate the example of him who was put in contra-
distinction to the one who stood afar off, he may
with some sort of sincerity exclaim, " God be
merciful to me, a sinner!" I have no doubt that
his exclamation would meet a hearty amen from
every gentleman on this floor.
Mr. RITCHIE. Will the gentleman fromVir-
ginia allow me to say a word now ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes; I yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. RITCIIIE. My colleague [Mr. Grow]
seems to intimate that the members inculpated by
the investigating committee of the last Congress
had no opportunity afforded them of knowing the
testimony of the witnesses till it was brought be-
fore the House. I wish merely to state that we
furnished to all the members inculpated copies of
the testimony against them, and invited them to
come and reexamine the witnesses whose testi-
mony had been furnished to them, and to pro-
duce witnesses of their own; and in two cases
gentlemen did that.
Mr. GROW. That was after the testimony of
the witnesses was taken, that he might cross-ex-
amine.
Mr. RITCHIE. Copies of the testimony were
furnished in all cases, and an opportunity given
to reexamine the witnesses, and to produce wit-
nesses of their own.
Mr. GROW. Was it not twenty days after
the time when the testimony was taken, that a
copy of it was furnished to Mr. Gilbert?
lMr. RITCHIE. I do not recollect the time;
but I think it was nothing like that length of
time.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me somewhat
i-emarkable, that while two investigating commit-
tees have been organized during the present ses-
sion, my friend from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] and
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] should
have both remained silent. Why were they not
roused up then, to the necessity of protecting con-
gressional and official character? Why did they
sit, there in their seats while the resolution m
reference to the late Clerk, and the resolution in
reference to the Port Snelhng matter, were intro-
duced into this House, withoutraisingtheirvoiees
against the enormity which they say was practiced
at the last session, and which they seek to avoid
being practiced at the present?
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman permit me
to answer him ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir.
Mr. GROW. The resolution in reference to the
sale of Fort Snelling involves no person by name,
nor has it any reference to a member of the House,
as I understand it.
Mr. LETCHER. Nor do these proceedings
involve the name of any member of this House,
or of the other; so that the gentleman's explana-
tion does not meet the case,and he remains ham-
pered by the same difficulty now as he was before
he made it. So far as the resolution about the
Clerk was concerned, a name was involved there.
Why did not the gentleman rise then, and un-
dertake to hamper the proceedings in reference to
him, by this cry in behalf of congressional and of-
ficial character? Not one word about it was said
then; but now, when this proposition is intro-
duced, gentlemen rise here and tell us that it is a
great outrage; that it is not to be tolerated; that
parties ought not to be arraigned in secret, and
then brought here to this House for final judgment.
Now I am opposed to the shape in which the
resolutions offered by my friend from Ohio have
been got up.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman allow
me 
Mr. LETCHER. Wait till I state my objec-
tions.
Mr. STANTON. 1 was going to answer the
gentleman's inquiry why I did not oppose these
other resolutions.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. STANTON. In the resolution in regard
to the Clerk of the House, the party charged was
named. The resolution in regard to the sale of Fort
Snelling was not based on any imputation against
any member of the House, or against the body at
large. Itwas not supposed by any man to involve
the character of the House, or of any member of
the House. It was an inquiry into an act of one
of the Executive Departments. We had no power
to try, and could not pass censure or sentence on
the parties supposed to have been guilty of mis-
conduct in that matter.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the gentleman's ex-
planation is, that he did not raise the question on
the one because nobody was named, and that ho
did not raise it on the other because somebody
was named. That is just the amount of his ex-
planation. But 1 regretted to hear the gentleman
from Ohio, who is usually so fair, who may be
called upon to pass judgment in regard to this
investigation about the Fort Snelling matter, un-
dertake to declare in a breath that there was cor-
ruption in that matter, and thatit attached to my
pai ty friends.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Virginia
is mistaken. I did not say that any person was
implicated in the Fort Snelling matter.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, the gentleman said it
was a family affair, growing out of these charges.
Now, sir, let me say to that gentleman, that, so
far at least as the officer of the Government sup-
posed to be implicated by that proceeding iscon-
cerned, I have no doubt that he will demonstrate
to this House, and demonstrate to the country at
large, that an assault more unfounded never was
made upon any public officer.
So much for the present. 1 want this investi-
gation to proceed. Let the facts come before the
country, and see how nearly my prediction will
be verified by the results.
But, sir, that has nothing to do with the proo-
osition before the House; or, at least, it ouo-'nt to
have nothing to do with it. We ought to'have
none of this crimination and recrimination about
facts which have no tendency to throw any light
upon the subject, or prepare the nnnds of mem-
bers of the House for as deliberate action as we
might otherwise have.
Sir. STANTON. I trust the gentleman from
Virginia will do me the justice to say that none
of the crimination came from me, or from this
side of the House. It came from the gentleman's
own party.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I thought there
was some of it on both sides.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
allow me for a moment?
Mr. LETCHER. I will, if the gentleman does
not take too long.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I introduced the
resolution into this House to make inquiry into
the circumstances of the sale of the Fort Snellinf
reservation. But, sir, I did not, and the resolu-
tion does not, cast any imputation upon any gen-
tleman. I feel it, perhaps, due to myself to "say
that I know a gootf deal about that matter. I
have never said, and I do not say now, that the
Secretary of War did anything wrong in the mat-
ter. But I have felt from the knowledge I have
upon the subject that it is a case which requires
investigation; that it is due to the Secretary of
War, that it is due to the Administration, and
that it is due to the Democratic party that an in-
vestigation should be had. I may have some feel-
ing in the matter, and for that reason I declined
to accept a place upon the committee. But I sig-
nified to the chairman of the committee that when
they were organized, I would appear before them
at any time they might designate, and tell my
story. I think there was something wrong in re-
lation to that sale. But, sir, I said, and I repeat,
that I do not charge, by implication or otherwise,
anything wrong on the Secretary of War. I say
again that it is due to that officer, it is due to the
Administration, and it is due to the country, that
a rigid examination should bo made in relation
to that sale. For myself,as a civilian, I think it
was all wrong, unwise, and imprudent to sell the
buildings at Fort Snelling, and I have no doubt
at all that this House will concur with me in that
opinion when the facts and circumstances come
before it. But I protest that it is not a legitimate
deduction from the resolution that there is any
fraud charged upon any one. That wrong has
been done I have no doubt; but it may have been
done as innocently as any transaction which ever
took place in the country.
Mr. LETCHER resumed the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to suggest
to the gentleman from Virginia that rather too
great latitude of debate has been indulged m upon
the proposition before the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I should not have alluded
to this Fort Snelling affair at all, but for the allu-
sion of the gentleman from Ohio to it, as a family
matter which I thought required a response.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires the gen-
tleman to confine his remarks to the subject before
the House, and he will endeavor to hold other gen-
tlemen who may address the House to the same
rule.
Mr. LETCHER. That is what I intend to do.
I was about remarking, when I was interrupted
by the gentleman from Illinois, that I do not like
the shape in which those resolutions are presented
by my friend from Ohio. If I understand his res-
olutions correctly, he proposes, in the first place,
to organize a committee who shall be charged with
the duty of taking this testimony, and that they
shall then report to the House after the testimony
has been taken; that the matter shall then undergo
a further investigation upon that testimony as a
basis, and upon such additional testimony as may
be brought forward.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that my resolution does not con-
template that any of the testimony taken by this
first committee be reported to the House, unless
the party implicated claims it as a right.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, it strikes me that it
is a very useless operation, if you are to raise a
; committee to take testimony, and that committee
| is not to report that testimony to the House unless
I the party acknowledges his guilt and presents
' himself here for judgment.
| Now, sir, I prefer the mode of proceeding
I adopted at the last session of Congress. 1 think
it is more simple, that it is more direct, and that
it will be more likely to result in something than
the plan proposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
in the resolutions now under consideration. Let
this committee be appointed, let them summon
their witnesses, let them have before them the
necessary papers, let them have all the records
before them and report the facts to the House,
with such resolutions as the testimony taken be-
fore them may call for. That seems to me to be
the most simple mode.
Bat suppose you institute this grand-jury pro-
ceeding, and the parties come forward anil demand
a trial: are they to be brought before the bur of
the House arid formally arraigned ? Are witnesses
to be summoned and examined before the House,
