1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
359
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
Therefore, I think these charges that Mr. Rives j
has improperly and impertinently interfered arc ;!
not just. He is doing what you employed him '
to do, reporting what is said, and printing the '
reports. You neveremployed him, I repeat again, j
to print what was not reported, and if he does that, \
where is he to stop? Is everything that every |
Senator and member of Congress thinks proper to !
write out at his leisure, to be drawn into the re- i
ports and published as part of the proceedings of j
Congress? Are speeches in the House of Rep- ,
resentatives, which we all know must be confined ,
to an hour, to be drawn out to three, four, and ;
fivehouis inlength.and published in the reports? i
Must Senators and Representatives be allowed to ;
suppress proceedings entirely, to break off the ■
whole curicnt of debate? Who does not know '
that that has been done, that a spcceh has been j
abstracted out of the middle of a debate by the i
Senator or Representative who made it,nhus ^
breaking the chain? Somebody is reported as ,
having replied to this speech, but you cannot tell
whether the reply is just or unjust. A man gets
overturned in debate, and to recover his position, I
takes out his speech entirely, does not allow it to
appear. Some, still bolder, make new speeches,
write out something they never said, never thought ,
of saying, and have that published as part of the
debate. That was done heretofore. I protest that
Mr. Rives was not employed by Congress to pub-
lish any such stutT as that. He was employed, j
I repeat again, to report whatwas said, and when
the report was made to print it. tJe has, in the
proceedings of this session,undertaken, and has,
to a very great extent fulfilled his coiuract to the
very letter, and J honor him for it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to read two or
three extracts fiom the Globe of 1853 on this ques-
tion. I observe here, on looking into the Globe
of 1853, that Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, in the
House of Representatives, moved this amendment !
to one of the appropriation bills:* !
move tins additional section: To enable the said j
John C. Jlives to pay the ioj)orters  of tins Iliuwe for this ;
session the sum of seven dollars percolumn instead of tour
doliais. for the leports of the Concessional (i lobe, the sum !
of £3.000. ur m> much .is ma} be neosju v tor that purpose, '
ami the Clerk of tin- House be authonzed to pay the same
to the said Rives for that purpose." i
Mr. Stephens then, in a very brief speech, :
stated the object of the amendment, lie said: i
" The committee can perfectly underhand what it means ■
from the reading ol it. I will state that the object of the !
amendment is to uicie.i->e the compensation of the repost-
ers ot the Congressional Globe in this House, three or lour
hundred dollar-, U may he five hundred dollar, for the ses- ;
Mon We p<iv them midei the artangeiucnt with Mr. Itives 1
for lepoiting m the (Jinbe.it the rate of four dollars pei col • '
tnrni. Tlic object of the amendment is to make it seven |
dollar poi column, and simply to increase then compensa-
tion for this session.5' j
Mr. Clingmvn, of North Carolina, stated that ;
he intended to support the amendment offered by |
the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. McMullin, of |
Virginia, however, following very much the line |
of argument which the honorable Senator from ,
Georgia to-day has pursued, used this language: ,
" Mr. Chan man, I dislike vcrv much to make opposition
to this amendment, but really it does seem to me that if tins ■
committee design to deal even-handed justice to n.li portions ,
of tins (jJovernment. and unless they mean to interfere with ■
private contracts, they ought not to pa^s this amendment. ,
1 understand that these gentlemen have been employed by
Mi. Rives by contMet, and h^re is an amendment proposing i
to pay them more than Mi. itives lias contacted to pay
them. It I am misinformed as to the fact.-, of ihr c.w. I
desiie to be corrected. If it is the polu-y of C<nc'i (>-••■< to pay
these gentlemen moic than they liave heretofore leeeived,
w'.iv do so. Hut when these gentlemen haveometorwurd
voluntarily and made a contract wiih Mi. ttt\<  
Then interferes Mr. Toombs, of Geoigia:
u This amendment (.-ays ,\Tr. Toomb^] give* Mi. Kivc-,
an additional amount to enable him W pay hi-- i"po.!e>-;>
larger sum. It does not intei fere with his co.iUact at all/1
Mr. McMullin says again:
'• I desire information. Is it contemplated that tins pro-
\ision shall have a retrospective effect
•'Mr. Toombs. It provides for ths*« ,-e^joiionly."
Now, I have but a single word to s..ty, The
speech of the honorable Senatoi from Georgia
to-day was a very earnest speech, an amusing
speech, and but for the fact that it is not altogether
original, it might he regarded as a very able
speech; but Mr. McMullin, it seems, gave the
original of this speech when the honorable Sen-
ator, then in the House of Representatives, took
precisely the other grpund: that the object way
not to break up the contract with Mr. Rives in \
paying the reporters, but to enable Mr. Rives to !
pay tiie reporters a larger sum, and upon the sim- '
pie ground that the reporters earned the money, \
and that is the simple question here. i know it }
is unfortunate for us who are engaged in the prac- j
tice of law, that, in the argument of legal points i
we are sometimes brought there on different sides '
of the same question. i simply desired to read ■
these extracts.
Mr. TOOM BS. It seems that I am called upon
to answer the reporters; for, doubtless, they have
been speaking through the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. I suppose that is the reporters' speech, and |
the Senator has not a word to say. My answer !
is, that since that time from fifty to seventy-five j
per cent, has been given to Mr. Rives to carry on
this work. The Senator, however, is entirely i
mistaken as to the date; for I was not in the House
of Representatives in 1853. It seems he cannot ;
even lead a report correctly when the reporters ,
give it to him. ■
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will yon be kind enough |
to read the book yourself? j
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 know that it is not true, for j
I sat in this body in March, 1853. i
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I read from the proceed- ,
ings of the House of Representatives of the 28th i
of February, 1853. j
Mr. TOOMBS. Ob, i was there then. i came :
into this body m March, 1853. Since that time,
however, double compensation has been given to
Mr. ltives. The object then was—and it was an
open object—to increase the compensation; and !
I supported it. You have gone further since that
time, bv making his paper free, for the reason I ;
stated before, ihat nobody would lead it unless 1
by act of Congress; and you have given him one '
cent for every five pages, which is fifty per cent, j
on his printing. Now, I suppose the reporters j
sit heic to prompt ]uxt such Senators as he is on
these subjects, and good work they do; for the
reporters have agents here. They have had them
in both Houses They keep them here. They
know the men to get hold of. They know the
men who suit them; and they never miss their
man. There is never any mistake with them—
never.
Mr. SIMMONS. They made a very good hit
in 1853; did they not? [Laughfcei.]
Mr. TOOMBS. Then the proposition openly
was to pay Mr. Rives on the ground that $7 50 ;
a column was inadequate; and for some time, on 1
the various leprexentntions which were made, I ,
believisd it; but since then we have added from I
lift y to seventy-five per cent, to his contract price, j
What have the reporters to say to that argument?
I hope the Senator from Wisconsin will g<> be- ;
hind the bar and get their answer. We have
added to Mr. Itives's compensation since that
time sixty or seventy-five per cent, to pay the ;
repoitcrs. We have given him one cent for five I
pages; we have made his paper free through the
mails; we have taken ninety-three copies of h's
book for each Senator, instead of twelve, the mini- '
ber we formoily took. We have increased him I
sixty or seventy-five thousand dollars on a con- !
tract of 4,137,000 since that, and now you want to ;
'• enable" him ttgam. Where are you going to '
stop ? Because you '* enabled1' him w hen his com- '
pensauon was not one half what it is now, is that
(i reason for don.g it to-day:
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood the Senator
from Arkansas to state that the compensation of
the repot ters of the Senate was £>4 oO a column—
t he same pne that has existed ever since the con-
tiaet was made.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am going to Mate another 1
fact. The statement there was no doubt made by i
a reporter. I have no doubt now that Mr. Sti> !
wir.vs's statement was maccuiate. No doubt it ]
was piat such an imposition as probably has been |
piacticed on the Senator now, because the §7 50 j
was for reporting and printing. There was no j
division of it in the law, and it is not there now. •
It was supposed, doubtless, by my honorable col-
'league in the other House, that Rives and his '
men had reported truly that the law only allowed j
so much to pay them, but there was nut a word j
of truth in it, and that is a sufficient reason for the ]
vote, because the law shows that there is not any |
such thing in it. My colleague stated that, by the i
law, he was allowed so much to pay his reporters,
whereas he was allowed $7 50 for reporting and
printing. So far as 1 am concerned, i believed
then lie was entitled to more, and since I have
been in the Senate, I think, on the representation
of my honorable friends from Arkansas and Mis-
sissippi, (who have uniformly stood, and do now,
1 am sorry to see, backing this man in every claim
he makes on the Treasury,) I have voted for in-
creasing his compensation. I am not certain that
T did not vote for the cent on five pages, and one
Senator here to-day, my honorable friend from
Connecticut, told me that, at the time, he did not
suppose it would amount to $100, but it has turned
out it amounts to thousands. It is upon these
cents for pages, and ems, and picas, and unknowu
quantities, that the Senate and the House have
; been defrauded. The difference between the hon-
' orable Senator and myself is, that when I get light
1 and truth, I no longer aid in plundering the public
. Treasury, and he continues it when the facts are
: before the public.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
I from Georgia has a very strong way of speaking,
j He knows very well that the personal relations
! between myselfaud him are certainly of the most
friendly character. The Senator now talks of
I ems mid picas. There is nothing in the law in
; regard to them, nor has anybody intruded them
1 here but himself. The Senator perhaps aimed at
| a matter which has passed from this body, and i
should be exceedingly sorry to hear it debated
: over again.
! Mr. TOOMBS. I alluded to the various ac-
i counts that have appeared from time to time in
I the Globe showing that he lost money. I read
j them. Whenever the printer of Congress comes
to us as he has repeatedly, and made expositions
of priming, 1 believe every year since lie has been
punter, he goes on and shows how much he has
' lost, how much he gets by ems, how much ems
are worth, and so on. What i allude to is the rep-
resentations by which many persons were misled,
and are now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I thought the
Senator was referring to the bill that passed here
recently in regard to the prices of public printing.
1 concluded his reference was in that direction. i
was sorry to suppose so, and I therefore asked
this correction. In reference to the price of print-
ing in the Globe, there is nothing of that charac-
ter whatever. The resolution simply says:
'• Resolved, Th.it the Secretary of the Senate be, and he
is hereby,nurlionzed and mstiuoted to audit and from time
to time to settle the accounts of John (J. Rives, for the re-
pOit* ot the Senate proceeding and debates, published m
the- Daily tilob", at, $7 50 a column "
There is a great deal to be said about this sub-
ject. Their is a great deal that can be said. i
must say, however, that it appears to 'me i have
, never known the Senator from Georgia, for whoso
extraoidmarily strong and excellent intellect i
have so high respect, to involve himself in so
much unreasonable denunciation, and so much
denunciation that is without just foundation what-
ever, in so short a space of time, in the course of
1 my service in this body, as he has to-day.
| Air. DOOLITTLE. The honoiable Senator
from Geoigta has been pleased to make some al-
lusion to myself personally—that the reporter
1 seemed to know ins man. The reporter and the
Globe seem to know the honorable Senator from
1 Georgia; and 1 have no doubt that the correctness
. ofthe Globe in reference to the reports which were
i made, will stand, notwithstanding the impeach-
' ment which the honorable Senator seeks to make
in the judgment of the country. In relation to all
this denunciation against profligacy, which we
' hear from that honorable Senator upon this iloor,
; i wish to say to him, once for all, that i do not
i take his dictation to me on the score of profligacy,
' or profligate appropriations. Sir, the history of
' that Senator is known upon various public meas-
; ures; and it may be well for him not to push that
' matter too far.
Mr. TOOMBS. Any extent whatever, sir. I
defy all scrutiny.
, Mr. DOOLITTLE. Has the honorable Sen-
ator ever heard of Galphmism ?
i Mr. TOOMBS. i have.
| Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I do not
; desiie to enter into a personal controversy here .
