1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1397
and they will regulate their own affairs as they :
please, and peace will bo restored to the country.
Let us not do injustice to our friends of the South,
now. and for all time. I am sure my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Curtis] would nQtdesiu; to do injus-
tice. I have a very hi^h personal regard for the
gentleman. I know him to be a man ofjrood heart,
and strong mind, although he is wrong in politics.
He has only to take one step further, and come
over to the Democratic party, 1 say to that gen-
tleman that the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States upon this question of slavery
commends irseif to my judgment; that slavery
nominally exists in the Territories subject to the
control of the people when they come to form a
State government; that Congress has no power
over the subject. It cannotestablish or prohibit
slavery; it is not in the book; no such powers
were confer, ed upon Congress by the Constitu-
tion. Our forefathers had the good sense to con-
fer, in plain and unmistakable terms, all powers
necessary for the good of the whole country, and
they took care to provide that the powers not con-
ferred upon Congress should be reserved to the
States respectively, or to the people.
Congress, then, cannot interfere with the sub-
ject of slavery: and the people living under a ter-
ritotial government cannot do, under an organic
law framed by Congress, that which Congress it-
self could not do. It does nominally exist, and
must always exist, in the Territories, until they
come to form their State governments,and then it
is their right to regulate the matter as they please.
I appeal to gentlemen, then, northern men and
southern men, to maintain and protect the rights
guaiantied by the Constitution.
!\Tow, in view of all these facts, how, I ask, can
a South American, let him love or hate the Dem-
ociatic party as he may, go with a party which
says that slavery shall not be extended, and that
no more slave States shall be admitted into the
Union; how can he go for keeping Kansas out of
the Union, under the Lecompton constitution, be-
cause it has slavery in it? j
I have no idea (hat any South American can '
take that leap. He is too high minded, too no- 1
ble, too devoted to the district or State he repre-
sents, to associate with a party that would heap
on insuit and indignity upon his portion uf the |
cuiuihy. Gentlemen of the South American party j
will do no such thing, m my judgment. 1
But, Mr. Chan-man, my time has nearly ex-
pired, and I will return for a moment to the con-
stitution of Oregon, to show what the people out
there say about the right of the people to amend,
alter, and change theirconstitution as they please.
The first section in the bill of lights of the peo-
ple of Oregon, as found m their constitution, is
as follows:
'• We declare that all men, when they forma social com-
pact- a-e equal in lighN : that all power is inherent m the
pr'O.i'it, and all fice jjovetmnents aie l'ounrkd on then nu-
and in tiLUVjd lbi their peace. $atety, and liappi-
ne* : md liiuy ha\e at all tunes a nsiht to altci. refoun. ur
•ibo!,-;h the government in «uch manner a* they mavihink
(Here the hammer fell.]
:Vir. HALL, of Massachusetts. I speak to-day
ngainst the admission of Kansas as a State into
this Union under the Lecompton constitution, be-
cause I deem ltproperthatmyconstituentsshould
have a voice in determining the grave issue which
i.i under discussion here. I am not content to
«ive a silent vote against what I consider a con-
summation fraught with fraud and villainy. It
is due to those whom I repiesent, for special
reasons, that their protest should be made vocal
here. I have the honor to represent n people who
dwell upon the shores where the first written pop-
ular constitution m the world was drawn up and
promulgated; a people who are faithful to the tra-
ditions of their fathers: a people hardy, enterpris-
ing, industrious, and intelligent; a people who
t'.uhor tyranny in any and all 1 rs forms, and who
tire instinct in every liber of their being with that
spirit of liberty which has com"1 down to them
from their illustrious ancestor. They pnde them-
selves on their allegiance to demncrauc principles
and democratic institutions. When they speak
of democratic principles they speak of them in
their true, noble, and original sense. But I con-
fess, Mr. Chairman, that'they have but little sym-
pathy with these phrases as they are now applied
in partisan use—in the indefinite, sectarian, fanat-
ical sense which is the parlance of the day. I hey
arc democratic in believing that the peonle should !' of acceptance of this office, of the 26 th of March last,
rule. They are democratic in believing that the f aud re,teiated la my inauffuial address of the 27th of May
people are the source of all power. ^Fhev are il ,
• . ,• ,, y . indeed, Icannot doubt that the convention, after hav-
democratic m believing that the voice of the peo- 's in«  fsnmed a State constitution, wiil submit it for ratxfica-
pie, so far as political aftaits are concerned, is,  ; tion or (ejection by a majority of the then actual bonafide
and of necessity r.iustbe, the voice of God. Pioud j; '-1'' cuier* of ICan.-a-.
of their anceetrv and reioicin*- because to them r, ,'Ullh l>,iC vunv*> wel1 known t0 t}ie President and
oi men ance-iiy, ana lejoicin occausc to them , Cabinet, and appiovedb} them,*acccpredthcappniriii ent
belongs the honor of being the descendants of the l| of Governor ot Kansas.' "—Governor maker's Rcsigna-
founders of the Republic, they a *e emulous of j. • 9
that high praise which the great Roman orator 1! rePeat> then, as my clear conviction, that unless the
i i i j ••••.!' convention submit the constitution to the vote of all the
has bestowed upon those whose mission it is to aoin.il undent smlcr.of Kans;w,M<] tin- electionbe(airly
preserve the institutions of founders—in their and justly conducted, the constitution will be, and ouehtt"
case, the liberty which was bequeathed to them !f be, icjected by Congiess.55—Governor Walker's Inaugural
with the Rock- of Plymouth. ' i Md"?s t0
Various ideas of a constitution have prevailed
in the world. Constitutions have sometimes been
given by royal authority as a boon to subjects.
But the American idea of a constitution is the sim-
ple ideaof an organic act which embodies the will
of the people, and is indorsed by them. It is
granted that any instrument purporting to be a
constitution need not of necessity be submitted to
the people hi form. There are constitutions of
several States which now shine in the constella-
tion of the Union, which have never been thus
submitted. But iticach and every such ease there
have been means by which it has been practicable
to ascert-im what the will of the people was, and
that it has been embodied m them. I do not deny
the docirin''. laid down by the gentleman from
South Carolnu, [Mr. Keitt,] that it is possible
for the people to delegate their sovereignty to a
convention, and that when they have thus dele-
gated ri'Mi sovereignty fully, they are bound by
the ret of then- agents. J am disposed to affirm
this as sound doctrine, and have no desire to deny
it. But the marvel is that such a doctrine should
be set up m tins House, as applied to the proceed-
ings in Kansas by the convention which produced
the instrument which comes here purporting to be
a constitution.
The history of this case shows that the people
of Kansas, so far as they participated in the pre-
liminary steps which called the convention into
being, meant that their delegates should propose
a constitution. But nowhere can be found traces
of authority given to that lodv to adopt one. In
theirpnmary meetings they exhibited usteady in-
dication of their purpose. The proof of tins is
found in the record of the pkd^r made by Cal-
houn and Ins ensocuti-.*, when th,vy wore inquired
of in regard to that parti :ular point. That pledge
is in the following term<-*
T; the l)c„i)cr«U
U iuvei'i b -''I. •
Ileiald oj Fi.-edo"
out-, who have <j
po -e of seeuoe^ 11
le^ul.ir nomine
Toimof I) 'ii'/s Cou.ihj:
ltr-d h\ th,:t \b')l:tnm newspaper, the
aad by :-o >i • di-aftVeied bo- u-< Demo-
i up an nid.-p Mid<'!U ticket, lor the pur-
1 v >n; ot tlu i'.'ack It"pubhc:in?jthfu the
f 1111"- iitie eoiswiitmn were op-
posed to suhnitruiLt thr rui<'2in' > ' /«) 'he pnoplc. we tiie
candidates of the ]).'M)Cu,rie juiiy. tulnnir the toliowiu?
re^ohitious, ^ iiK'h -t- ;u}opt,'!l l v the Democrat.c e< nvon-
tion winch placed n • in n-M.i.n.tiioji. ami <"hLh • ■cjulhj and
heartily vulone. as a c) iiplete renua.ivU of ihe ^lahdeis
above icferred to
Joj'V (' vT 'I;II
W. H. \\ '
l. t>. r-oT
WM. T. Sl'K CIA-
Lkcojiptox, Kaii-a-* 'i\:nitoi
Roiol-'d* 'J'hat \v : u'dl support no in'«u a.v a de!e<rare to
the ron^lituneiia! eu-iv emeu, wiso^e detio- it will be to
frame the cou*tautlon of tiic futmc State of Kansas and to
mold uk political institution under which we, a? a people,
aie to In e. unices he pledges hiui^clj fully* freely* and with-
out iciavuioon, to use event honorable means to submit the
A W Josi<5,
it rni fi-K,
Jon i },l. W.vLr,vci:,
]<. A Puatiier.
, Jun«' IIS
j When such a constitution shall be submitted totbepeo-
i pie of the Termory, they mus>t he protected in the exercise
; of their ri ln of voting tor or njjamst that instrument; and
I the fair cxp'.iww of the popular will must not be mtei- - ->v
1 inpted by Iraud or \ iolcncc."—hananh Instructions to ,
I A
j Til" Union, the organ of the Administration, gsfl|
1 seems fully to uppreei.Ue the ground then hold '<$$•*
j by the President, tuid, in defending that position, -'"-1
ia most isatisfaetory reason for assuming it.
1 will read an extract from that paper:
<l When *h"i e i« no -ei'ons dispute upon the constitution,
i either i.i the convention or among the people, the power of
i the dejefrates alone nrty put it in opera)ioj>. IJultuch is not
i t?ie ease in Kansas. The most vio'cnt s>tiu;jglo tins country
j ever saw, upon the most important u-^ue which the eon«ti-
i tation id to d^t^rnnne, lias been ijoing on tlieic for several
, vcais, between parties po evenly balanced that both claim
i the majority, and so hos-tile to one another that numerous
, hvej have been lost m the contest. Under these circum-
^tance, thcie can be no nuch tiling as ascertaining clearly
. and withu'it doubt the will of the people m any way except
• by thou own direct e.\'pre?sion of it at the polls. A eonsti-.
I tution not subjected tothat te=t. no matter what it contains,
! will nevet beaeknowledged by its opponents to be anything'
but a fraud."
! I will not attempt to elaborate this point more,
j because it has been frequently sustained on the
floor of the House in the course of this debate.
Now, Mr. Chairman, under these circum-
stances, whatdid this convention assembled at Le-
compton do? Were they faithful to their pledges
made m the election? Did they truly and really
representee sentiments of the people of Kansas'?
Why, sir, they not only made aconstitu tion, insur-
mg, by the most ingenious contrminces possible,
that a certain institution, which was known to be
repugnant to the feelings and wishes of these peo-
ple, should he made perpetual; but the constitu-
tion that they manufactured is unchangeable, gen-
erally, till 1864. And more than this, they have
inserted an express provision that, even then, no
power shall touch the slavery question. This
instrument was submitted to the people in an un-
usual form. The only question which could come
befoie them was not whether they would adopt
the constitution or would not adopt it, but whether
they would adopt, aconstitution with slavery, or a
; constitution without slavery. And 111 this strange
and anti-republican form every man who was per-
! mittcd to deposit his vote was subject to a test
j oath, and made to swear that he would support ;
i that constitution in all its provisions; thus effect-
ually cutting oiF any opposition to it, and stifling
: the free expression of the will of the people.
It appears to me. on a carrlu! review of the facts
and history of the case, that no evidence what-
ever exists that the people of Kansas do desire,
or ever did desire, to have this constitution as
! their organic law. I wiil not go back to examine
! the authority under which (his convention wa«
:! called, and refresh the recollection of the commit-
i tee with the fact that it was by the power of a
of ike volei s sh^ll Oven1 <
It is also a fact, known and acknowledged on
every side, ih.u she Presid'-nt himself was in favor
of sueh a pi ot rdme; th^t Governor Walker, who
acted under his authoiuy esnl by his advice and
with the, consent of the Cabinet, was also of the
same opinion: and that disimet pledges were given
to th-* peonle ot ivansas i:'at the constitution
which should be drawn up by the convention at
Lecompton would be submitted to their approval
or rejection. The following extiacts from official
documents will establish this point beyond all
contradiction. Says Governor Walkoi:
" I accepted [the pppomtmentof Governor ol Kan-ri*.] on
the e.t|vjes  condition that 1 .should cuhoe.ite the > u man-
sion ot the enn-ititunon to the vote of the people for latiii-
cation or i election.
* The?.; views were cleaily underwood by the Picident
by a minority of the inhabitants, as the proof at
hand conclusively shows. Governor Walker
says on that subject, in his letter of resignation:
"In nineteen counties out of thiitv four th-'re was no
een>us; m fifteen counties out of ihmy-fom th- to \va« no
jeui^tiy ; and not a solitary vote <>ov/.,cr < mid ! c gircrt,
/',v drl.-'Z'ilc-- to the conrcntion >n r/ni/ one of thc,c ^oxrJie^.
'Huniy. tin n. it e.mnoi hi that Mich a convention,
eiio>en by ?eaiocly moiC than one t"nih of the present voter*
ol Kaii^a . K'^i'T-cntt-d thf pfjpl.* of that Territmy, and
eoui't oehrfully n.i.io^e « ennstitiUion upon then without
their eon-ent. T'^-^e n>>i"teen cou,i!i'-s. m which there
was no ccnsi:.-. eiui-tifired it / of Uie counties of the
I ei'iiWi v ; and the^e msec u eounti.'-<, m which there xvox
no i ejc.-ti v.'javi ainaclt lai^ei voto at the October election,
even with the -1v months'qualification, than the whole %ote
«,r!vrn to the delegates, who signed the Lecompton constitu-
tion on the 7th of Xovsmbor last.5'
Nineteen counties, it appears, were disfran-
chised, and many others were imperfectly regis-
•'inese views were eieam >j ^ ^ 7 ,
and all ins Cabinet. They we«-e d^tmctl^ ifettonh m my i terea. These facts, so famihar to us aii, tbtao
