1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2421
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter of the Secretary of the Smithsonian insti-
tution, communicating the annual report of its
operations, expenditures, and condition; which,
on motion of Mr. Pear.ce, was ordered to lie on
the table; and a motion by him to print it was
referred to the Committee 011 Printing.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following order;
which was referred to the Committee 011 Print-
ing:
Ordered, That ten thousand extra copies of the report
of the regents of the Smithsonian Institution he punted,
Uventy-ftvc hundred of winch lor the u-sc ot the Institution.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial of
Elizabeth Spear, widow of Thomas Williams,
who was killed in battle, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. POLK presented a petition of citizens of
New York,praying that the public lands may be
laid out in farms or lots for the free and exclu-
sive use of actual settlers; which was ordered to
lie 011 the table.
Mr. ItlCE presented a memorial of the city of
St. Paul, Minnesota, praying permission to enter
a small strip of Government land, lying within j
the corporate limits of that city; which was re- j
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands. i
Mr. GREEN presented a petition of citizens of !
Nebraska, in that portion of the Territory lying j
upon the Missouri river, and between the mouths j
of the Big Sioux and the Running Water rivers, i
praying that that tract of country may be attached :
to and fonn a part of the Temtory of Dacotah; !
which was referred to the Committee on Tern- i
tones. 1
Mr. TOOMBS presented a resolution of the ;
Legislature of Georgia, m favor of the enactment ■
of a law to relinquish the Indian title to ceiiain !
reservations in that State; which was refeired to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. !
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce, 1
to whom were referred the memorial of E. B. ;
Bishop, and a memorial of the board of marine
surveyors of Philadelphia, reported adversely
thereon, and that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the memoiials;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refer)ed a memorial of William A. Yaughan,
John Smith, W. D. Little, and Nathaniel Den-
nett, jr., submitted on adveise report; which was
ordeied to be printed.
Mr. STUAIIT, fiom the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 329)
to authorize augmented rates for surveying the
public lands, reported it with an amendment. He
also submitted a letlerof the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, with accompanying papers
relating to the bill; which were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FOSTER., from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was refeired the petition of Ebe-
nezer flicker, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 411) for the relief of Eb^nczer
Pucker. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was oi tiered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Com mitt tee on
Naval Affairs, to whom were referred the popeis
relating to the claim of Elbridge Lawton, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
to wiiom was referred the resolution to pay the
lion. Willis A. Gorman for his services na com-
missioner to investigate ceitaln alleged frauds of
the superintendent of Indian affairs for the north-
ern superintendencv, asked to be discharged from
;ts further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; which was
agreed to,
Mr. IVERSON,from thcCommitteeon Claims,
to whom was leferred the report of the Court of
Claims in the case of Jacob Bigelovv, adminis-
trator of Francis Cazeau, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
which was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Teriito-
ries,to whom was refeired the petition of citizens
of Iowa, relative to granting a license to Lewis
A. Thomas for a fen y, asked to be discharged
from us further consideration; whicfi was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
v/as referred a memorial of Giles S. Isham, sub-
mitted an advesre report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred the petition of
Walter Nexson, and the memorial of Henry S.
Crabbe, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN, from theCommittee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
322) for the relief of purchasers of public lands
within the timbered reserve opposite Fort Kearny
and for the settlers within the Winnebago agency
reservation, the Fort Atkinson reservation, and
the timber reserve opposite Foi t Crawford, all in
the State of Iowa, reported it wkhoutcunendincnt;
and submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PICE asked, and by unanimous consent ;
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 4J*3) ;
supplemental to "An act for the admission of the j
State of Minnesota into the Union;" which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com- j
mittec on the Judiciary* j
CONDITION OF THE NAVY. |
Mr. COLLAMER submitted the following res- j
olution; winch was considered by unanimous 1
consent, and agreed to:
Revolted, That tli.' Scrn'iiiiv of th« Navy be dnected to
minim t'u; ^eneje ot the nine at. winch e.u h oi the ve> eh
nlil":N,uj \v i - b.niu a1 id tin- o- i inal > o. t then ot. aa.l Mk
amount and time ot the icpaii*; oil eacii, e\<,',edni'i ,S~>,(K)0
ni one time ; ai-o the pi cm nt condition oi each as toeom-
| peteney lor teivice, and when; the tame now are.
i ward's fire-arms.
I Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
| lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
! sent, and agreed to:
| Revolt er\ That the Committee on Military Aftans and
1 Milui i b" iii^Ti acted to inquire into tin: evprthmn \ of ie-
: poMnm nil amendment. ptm idni.r an apptopi i it««>n in the
j Ainu hill, to authon/e the Sceie'.m o! Wai lo adop-. and
! a;>p!v on a hunted fcale to the piCM-ntoi lutnie aim>of the
I United States, the late niipuwuicntiii hre-ium>ui Captain
I J N. W di d.
I POTOMAC RIVER.
! Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
| lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agieed to:
Repaired, That tlie Secn'tai v of Wai be dnected to com-
municate to the Senate any jmoimauon in ins pos.-essjon
showing the neces-Mty of an impiovemcnt in the Toiomae
river, in the Di-tiict o{ Columbia, what the ob-uin-iione- m
the iivci now cost the Government annnaUy. and his opin-
ion upon the necessity or expediency of t-aid mTprovcment.
POST OFFICE REGULATIONS.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following res- !
olution; which was considered by unanimous ,
consent, and agreed to: j
Rnsohed. That the Po^tmastei Geneial bo directed to in- i
fonn the Senate whether the book, published in Joint C I
Hive?, in entitled " Li.-t of Po-t Oihee^ m the Umred !
States, w ith the names ot Po-tma^teion the l'Mi oi July,
lb.'iT: hL-o, the iemulation* and law-* o! the Po- t otnee IJe- j
par'.ment, eonspded iiotn the iceoids of the S'o-t Olhce De-
pamnent, by D. !). T Leech," i^ reropiii/.cd by the Dcpait- j
meat containing coped copies of its leimlatio?^ ut lbiee !
at the time of u* publication; and whethe: ^aid bookie ,
tui uifhed to depitlv po^tmd'-teid and po-^t office airenN, for |
thnr ;.'C\ei tiniont in the di-ebai^e ot then odicial datie^ : |
al-o i11c -ame information n: reuard to a book published by
Gpoi«.'C Fj. Gidt on. tn Ifl'o. compiled by the said I). D. T. .
Leech. and cnt'iied "List ot I'o.-t Olneo.'" . and_c-pe- :
c;a!lv whether icgabuioii-s in ttiat book, No< j2,f>: , "o, lit),
a'jd 13 7. tes,pcetivelv, wen* in foice m July. Ati^u-t, and
S«jpteaib.ji. and whether 'aid Sa-t-inenTioned book,
ot a mm ond 'Mh'ion tin'reol, puhh-hed by Fhillmston, w.r
fuuiL-hed in and Isja to po.-ima^leir- and >pecial a^enK
o; the Post Othc<> pepntme.it. ;wauuide foi tiieir otiicial
conduct: and whejhei the iCLruiatiotH in s?d d hi-t-men-
tioecd hook ahoh-hed oi rcp"al"d all fotm^i ie«ulationrf ot
the JJcp ii uneut. in con-intent \v nn then pi o visions.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. So. 231) for the relief of Nancy Se-
rena; which !i;«l heiutnf.ire reeeived the signature
of the Speaker of the Ilnuse of Representatives.
A messag'-from tlie House of Representatives,
hy Mr. Allen-, us Cleik, announeed that tlie
speaker had ?ie;n"d an enrolkd joint resoUition
(II. it. No. 3~) making appiopnatioiis to pay the
expenses of the several investigating committees
of the House of Representatives; which there-
upon received the signature of the Vice Presi-
dent.
ALEXANDER J. ATOCHA.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up a
resolution which was offered some days since by
the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,T re-
quiring the Court of Claims to return to the Sen-
ate the papers in the case of Alexander J. Atocha.
The case was referred to the Court of Claims; and
I am informed that the court have decided that
they have no jurisdiction.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Court
of Claims disclaim jurisdiction. If so, I make
no objection to an Older for the return of the pa-
pers.
Mr MASON. I am so informed. I have not
inquired at the Court of Claims; but I suppose
such is the fact.
The motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to; and it was adopted, as follows:
Ou'er&h Tli.it the Pecretiuy be directed to request the
Couit o! <'|a11;i~ to return to the Senate tlie biH anil papers
minting to tlie claim of Alexiuidei J. Atocha.
LAND LAWS ON THE PACIFIC.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referied the bill (H.R. No.
J 70) for extending the land laws east of the Cas-
cade Mountains, have had the same under consid-
eration, and directed me to report it back, without
amendment, and recommend its passage. This
is a bill of only seven lines, and 1 will ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate to pass it at this time, be-
cause it is important that the necessary arrange-
ments should be made to commence the surveys
at once.
i Tlieie being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It extends the existing laws relating to the sur-
vey and disposal of the public lands m the Ter-
I ntories of Oregon and Washington, west of the
j CnK'-<uie Mouniains^ and makes them applicable
' to the lands lying east of those mountains within
i those Ten itories.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
1 amendment, ordeied to a third reading, read the
thud tune, and passed.
PAY OF PURSERS' CLERKS.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom v/as referred the bill (H. R. No. 336)
for the relief of B. W. Palmer and others, have
instructed me to report tlie same back with an
amendment, and to ask for the consideration of
the bill at the present time. I will state what the
object of it is, if the Senate will give me their ear.
By the present law of 1«35, clerks or assistants
to pursers receive a salary of §500 a year, with
the exception of the purser's assistant in thenavy-
yaid at. luttery, Maine. He, by law, gets $750.
The Department thinks that $750 is not too much,
and they have accordingly estimated for that ever
since 1854, and it has been actually paid. The
Auditor has determined, and 1 think very prop-
erly, that that payment is illegal; that an estimate
and an appropriation will not warrant payment
without an absolute provision of law, and there-
fore recommends that a law be made to conform to
what the practice has been for three years. The
accounts are suspended, and he says he will not
settle tliein until they have an opportunity to come
to Congress. The same thing is the case in re-
gard to the clerks at the navy-yards at Kittery and
Philadelphia. The same appropriations have been
made, the same payments have been made, but
the Auditor says illegally, and the Department
ask now that we may pass a law to do what they
have been doing without law for three years. That
is the whole ot"it. It has the unanimous sanction
of the committee and the Navy Department, and
the accounts are suspended until the bid is passed.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of'the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No 336) for the relief of B. W.
Palmer and others.
11 proposed to confirm the excess of saiary paid
to B. W. Palmer and others, as pursers' clerks
at certain navy-yards, under the estimates made
: in the naval appropriation bills since the year
I with a proviso that this was not to be con-
j strued into a lepcal of the existing laws regulat-
