1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
day after day, before you can come to any con-
clusion ? It would seem that such is the purpose.
It does seem to me that to adopt such a course,
and arraign the parties before the House, would
require months, if it did not consume the entire
session, before you could bring the examination
to fx conclusion.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, addressed the
Speaker.
Mr. LETCHER. I have not yielded the floor,
but I will hoar the gentleman.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I only desired,
supposing the gentleman was through, to get the
floor to call for the previous question; but as an
intimation was made by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harris] that the tariff bill of the last
Congress was the act of the Republican party, I
will call the attention of the House to the vote on
the passage of that act. Upon examination, I find
that but thirty-six Republicans voted for it, and
that ninety-eight of those who opposed the Re-
publicans voted for it. Among those who voted
against it I find but two Democrats, and seventy
Republicans, myself among the number. I think,
therefore, if we are to examine into the motives
that influenced members in voting for that bill,
that the gentleman and his political friends will
have to render an account as well as the few Re-
publicans who voted with them.
Mr. LETCHER. So far as that is concerned
one good turn deserves another. Now I do not
consider the chances nrp that we are involved,
because with the practical illustration of the last
session, the gentleman's party—particularly his
party co nomine as the Republican—was the only
one that was found guilty.
Mr. SHERMAN, of'Ohio. The only eases
which were investigated were those of one or tv, o
Republicans. But hete the charge is based upon
a vote on a bill, now a law, against which seventy
Republicans and two Democrats voted. 1 desire,
as the Union and other paity newspapers have
tried to cast some reproach upon the party to which
I belong, to call the attention of the House and the
country to the fact, that if there is any wrong, any
fraud, any robbery in anything ingrafted in the
legislation of the country by the tariff law, that it
was not done by the Republican party, but thirty-
six of whom voted for and seventy-two against it.
Mr. LETCHER. I will come to that after a
little. I do not mean to indulge in this crimin-
ation, that cither those who voted for it, or those
who voted against it, did it from corrupt motives;
but there are one or two things connected with
the progress of that tariff measure to which I de-
sire to allude—not for the purpose of cnminratmg
this man or that man, or to cast a suspicion upon
any one party in tins House. I desire to offer a j
substitute for the resolution of the gentleman fiom
Ohio that embodies my own views, and that, I
think, if adopted, will enable us to get to a con-
clusion in a reasonable time, and with some de-
gree of certainty. It is as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of five members be appointed
to investigate the charges pieierred aiamst the membeisof
the last and present Congress, growing out or trie disbuiae-
nient of $87,000 by Lawrcnce. Stone & Co , of Boston, and
to report the facts to the House, with such recommendations
as they inay deem proper.
Now, sir, as I understand the charge which
appeared in the New York Herald, connected
with the tariff of 1857, it was that the partic-
ular bill to which Luwrencc, Stone & Co., and
those who were employed in manufactures of the
same kind, were wedded, was the bill originally
reported by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and to which I offered a sub-
stitute at a subsequent period of the session. The
vote was taken on my substitute, and it was re-
jected; and the original bill, with some modifica-
tions, was passed and went to the Senate, where
it was substituted by a proposition somewhat simi-
lar to, though not entirely the same as the one I
had offered in this House. It came back here. It
was considered by the House, and it resulted in
a call for a committee of conference; and that com-
mittee of conference reported a bill, which was
subsequently passed. Now, my own belief is
that the bill as subsequently passed was in ac-
cordance with the peculiar views of Lawrence,
Stone & Co. Their sine qua non—what they
insisted on from the start, as I understood, was
that they should have free wool. They com-
plained, and complain still, that free wool was
not.introduced into this last proposition. They
complained, also, that there was a reduction of
duty upon certain qualities of printed and stained
goods, which operated to their prejudice as the
duty was arranged under the bill which finally
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I would ask
the gentleman whether the bill, as it was finally
passed, was not supported by the New England
manufacturing interest?
Mr. LETCHER. I believe it was, sir, by nearly
the whole of them.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I would ask whether
the bill reported from the Committee of Way sand
Means was any more favorable to woolen manu-
facturers than the bill as it now stands?
Mr. LETCHER. It was more favorable, be-
cause it was free wool.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. That is not my
recollection; but the reverse was the fact.
Mr. SEWARD.' I object to the gentleman from
Virginia farming out the floor in this way.
Mr. LETCHER. I was not farming out the
floor; and it is only civil, when a gentleman wants
to ask a question, to give him an opportunity to
do so; and it is no sort of inconvenience to me.
[Laughter.] While I have high regard for my
friend from Georgia over the way, I hope, when he
finds I am getting along tolerably well, that he will
not put in a word to disturb me.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I propose to modify my first
resolution by substituting for it the following:
Rcsohct3, That a committor of five be appointed by the
Fp^akci, to investigate said chames, and to inquue whether
any mombci or otfieerof tin* present oi ot the last Congress
lias leoeived any p.irf of said mi in, and to report all the facts
to the Hou^p; and if' any number or officer of the present
b • found to have received any partot ^aidsum,
they shall iopoii specific charges against the party impli-
cated, and shall have power to send for persons and papen,
and to repoi t at any time.
Mr. LETCHER. I modify my amendment,
so as to make it include olficers of the House, and
to leave the sum indefinite; " any sum," instead
of " $37,000."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land proposes to amend the first resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio, by striking out all after the
word "report," and inserting "all the evidence,
and summon before it such persons as it may ^ee
fit; and shall report to this House what, in their
opinion, this House should do in the premises."
Also, to strike out the second and third resolu-
tions.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The question being first upon striking out the
second and third resolutions,
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were otdered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 77; as follows:
YE VS—Me^r?. Adram, Ahi, Anderson, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bi*hop, Blair, Cocock. Boyce, Branch, Bryan, Bur-
nett, Burns, Ca<kirt, Ezra Chuk, Horace P. Clark, John B.
Claik. Claj, Clemens, Chuginan, Cobb, John Cochiane,
Cockcrdl, Cok, Jamee- Cmg, Bui ton Ciaige, Ciawford,
Curry, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis  of Mississippi,
Dewait, Dovvdeli, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Enstis,
Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Garirel!, Gilmer,
Goode, (iieenwood.Groesbock, Lawrence W. Hall, Harlan,
J Moirison Hairn, Thomas L Haiir*?, Haskin,Hatch,Haw-
kins, Hickman, Iloaid, Hopkins, Horton, Houston, Hughes,
Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins. George YV. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkd, Lamar,
Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Samuel S.
Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson, Mont-
gomeiy. Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris--, Moil,
Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Powell, Ready, Rpa-
gan, Reilly, Ricaud, Ruffin, Sandidge, Scales, Scott, Sear-
ing, Seward, Aaion Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter,
Smgleton, Robert Smith, William Smith, Stallvvorth, Ste-
venson, Geoige Taylor, Miles Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood,
Israel Washburn, Watkins. White, YVIuteley, YVm low,
Woodson, Wortenclyke, and ZolHcoffer—120.
NAYS—Merfsrd. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Biilinghurst,
Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame,
Case, Chaffee, dawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax,Connns,
Corning, Covode, Cragin, Curtis. Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of fowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Farns-
worth, Foster, Giddings, Gihnan, Goodwin,Granger,Gregg,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgoie,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Hum
phrey Marshall, Morgan, Mornli, Freeman II. Morse, Oli-
ver A. Morse, Muirav, Nichols, Palmer, Pettit, Potter,
Pottle, Purvidnco, Quitman, Ritchie, Robbtns, Roberts,
Royce, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Stanton,
James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwal-
aderC. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, and Wood—77.
So the second and third resolutions were
stricken out.
The question now being upon the amendment
of Mr. Davis, of Maryland, to the first resolu-
tion, to strike.out and insert, it was put; and said
amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the substitute of-
fered by Mr. Letcher.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would inquire
if that substitute provides for the production and
procurement of papers?
The SPEAKER. It does not; but if there be
no objection, the word " papers" can be inserted.
No objection being made, the substitute was so
modified.
The substitute, as modified, was then agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. The substitute, as agreed to,
is designed in its phraseology to stand alone with-
out the preamble. The House has seen fit to trans-
fer the whole thing to the other side, and I with-
draw the preamble.
Mr. LETCHER moved to rcconsider the vote
by which the substitute was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to-.*
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Dickins, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed an act for the relief of
William K. Jennings-and others, and an act for
the relief of John R. Temple, of Louisiana; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
NAVAL OFFICERS AGAIN.
Mr. BOCOCK. I now move, as the morning
hour has expired, that the House proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table, with a view to
take up the joint resolution of which X spoke this
morning.
Mr. REAGAN. "Will the gentleman consent
to withdraw that motion for a moment, to allow
me to introduce a bill?
Mr. BOCOCK. I cannot, sir; this is a public
matter of much importance, and I am very anx-
ious to get it passed to-day.
ORSAMUS B. MATTESON.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I rise to present to
the consideration of the House a* question of
privilege. I offer the following resolutions:
Whereas, at the last session of Congress a select com-
mitter of the House reported the following resolutions, to
wit:
" Resolved, That Orsamus B Matteson, a member of
this House from the State of Now York, did incite parties
deeply inteifsted m the pa^a?e of a joint resolution for
constiuing the Dc.-> Moines grant to have here and to use a
large sum of money, and other valuable considerations,
corruptly, for the purpose of procuung the passage of said
joint resolution through this Houie.
u Resolved, That Orsamus J . Mattfsok', in declaring
that a laige number of the members of this House had as-
sociated themselves together, and pledged themselves, each
to the other, not to vote for any law or resolauon, granting
monfy or lands unless they were paid for it, has falsely
and willfully assailed and defamed the character of this
House, and has proved himself unwoithy to be a member
thereof.
" Resolved, That Orsamcs B. Matteson, a member of
this House from the State of New York, be, and is hereby,
expelled therefiom."
And whereas, the fir^r of said resolution* was adopted
by the House of Representatives on the 27th of February
last by a vote of 145 yeas to 17 nays, and the said second
resolution w^p adopted by the House on the same day with-
out a division: and whereas, the said Matteson had, prior
to any vote being taken on the last resolution, resigned hi#
seat in this Hou&e, and thus avoided the effect of the same
being adopted by this body: and whereas, the said Mattesoh
is a member of this House, with the imputations conveyed
by the passage of the first two of the Joregoing resolutions
i?ull upon him, and without having been subsequently in-
dorsed by his constituents: Therefore,
Resolved, That Orsamus B. Matteson,a member of this
House from the State of New York, be, and is hereby, ex-
pelled from this House.
I do not see the member from the CJtica district
[Mr. Matteson] in his seat, and 1 simply pro-
pose to let the resolution stand, and call it up at
some future day.
Mr. BOCOCK. Thegentleman had better move
to postpone the future consideration of it to a day
certain.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move to postpone
its further consideration till Monday next. But
first I wish to correct the phraseology of the pre-
amble in one word. Instead of the word " in-
dorsed' ' by his constituents, I ask to insert the
word "reelected."
It was so modified.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, I move to postpone
