tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
l-'fi
lish it-j beyond question or doubt, in the mind of
any reasonaTjfe man,th^t it was onlybya minor-
ity of the inhabitants of the Territory that the
Lecompton convention was authorized. It is also
a very important and significant fact, that during
the time ietween the first assembling of the Le-
compton convention and the meeting when its ses-
sions really commenced, the opinions of the people
of Kansas were taken on the very question which
is the question on which turned the acceptable-
ness or non-acceptableness of this constitution.
During that very time a free-State Delegate was
clecteu to Congress, who holds his seat among us
here; ai)d yet these men proceeded, in defiance of
the ^nown will of the people, thus cotempora-
neously expressed, and in the most distinct and
solemn manner, to the work which they had as-
bled to perform. In the face of these facts,
ere can be no evidence that the people of Kan-
desired this constitution. But on the other,
band, Mr. Chairman, there is abundant evidence
'^at these people do not desire this constitution. I
will not pause to cite the testimony of numerous
individuals, citizens and officials, which might be
used here. Ipfoss over the voice of the press and
the sad historical incidents which prove this prop-
osition. They have been rehearsed here, time and
again. I merely point out the conspicuous fact
that cannot be denied, which is of graver signifi-
cance than any other fact in connection with this
controversy, that on the 4th of January, there
was had a fair and legal election, acknowledged
to be §uch by the authorities, a certificate of which
is signed by the Governor of the Territory and
all the proper officials, and recognized by the Ad-
ministration here,and on that 4th of January, ten
thousand majority of the people of Kansas voted
distinctly ana directly against this constitution.
The following is the official certificate of the result
of this election:
In accordance with the provisions of an act entitled " An
act submitting the constitution framed at Lecompton tinder
the aet of the Legislative Assembly of Kansas Territory,
entitled ' An act to provide for taking a census and election
of delegates to a Convention,5 passed February lit, A. U.
1857," the undersigned announce the following as the olti-
ciai vote of the people of Kansas Territory on the questions
as therein submitted on the4t!i day of January, 2H.r)8: Against
theLf'oompton constitution, 10,2^6; fertile Lecompton con-
stitution with slavery, 138; for the Lecompton constitution
without slavery, 24.
Some precincts have not yetsent in their returns, but the
above is the complete vote received to this date.
J, VV. DENVER,
Secretary and Jlclinz Gaicrnor.
C. W. ItABCOCIC,
President of the Council.
G. W. IJEITZLER,
January 96, 1858. Speaker Home llcjirescntatives.
' ^ The following is extracted from the instruc-
tions to Governor Denver by the President:
"The Territorial Legislature doubtless convened on the
7th instant; and while it remains in session its member# are
fmtitled to be secure and fVee in their deliberations. Its
rightful actiomnust aluo be respected. Should it uuthouze
an election by the people for any putpoae, this election
should be held without interruption, no loss tharl those au-
thorized by the convention. While the peace of the Tern-
tory is preserved, and the freedom of elections is secure,
there need be no fear of disastrous consequences;.
"The authority of the government must necessarily he
maintained ; and from whatever quartei it is attempted to
interfere by violence with the election* authorized by the i
constitutional convention, or which mny he authou/ed by '
the Legislature, the attempt must be resisted, and theseeur- j
ity of the elections maintained. ;
"The President relics upon your firmness and discretion .
to give effect to these instructions. It is vitally important i
that the people of Kansas, and no othei than the people of j
Kansas, should have the full determination of the question 1
now before them for decision."—Secretary Cass lo Gov-
ernor Denvey^f December 11, 1857.
Then, sir,since we have been in session in this
Hall, we have had presented to us the protest of
the Legislature of the Territory of Kansas—the 1
solemn protest of that Legislature, which ivS ac-
knowledged on all sides of the House to be a law-
ful and rightful Legislature-—one whjeh was not .
elected by fraud and which is confessed to express
authentically the will of the people. That protest
is on record, and is in thesd terms:
Preamble and joint resolutions in relation to the constitution
framed at Lecompton, Kansas Territory, on the 7 th dauof
November, 1857: y J
Whereas, a small minority of the people living in nine- '
teen of the thirty-eight counties of tlm Teriitorv, availing
themselves of a law which enabled them to obstruct and de^
feat a fair expression of the popular will, did, by the odiotis '
and oppressive application of the provisions and partisan '
machinery of said law, procure the return of the whole num-
ber of the delegates to the constitutional convention recently
assembled at Lecompton; and whereas, by reason of the de-
fective provisions of said law, in connection with the neglect'
and misconduet of the authorities charged with the execu-
tion of the same, the people living in the remaining nine-
teen counties of the Territory were not permitted to return
delegates to said convention, were not recognized in its or-
ganization, or in any sense heard or felt in its deliberations;
and whereas, it is an axiom in political ethics that the peo-
ple cannot be deprived of their rights by the negligence or
misconduct of public officers; and whereas, a minority, to
wit, twenty-eight only of the sixty members of said conven-
tion, have attempted by an unworthy contrivance to impose
upon the whole people of the Territory a constitution with-
out consulting their wish, and against their will'; and
whereas, the members of said convention have refused to
submit their action for the approval or disapproval of the
voters of the Territory, and in thus acting have defied the
known will of nine tenths of the voters thereof; and where-
as, the action of a fragment of said convention, represent-
ing, as they did a small minority of the voters of the Terri-
toiy, repudiates and crushes-out the distinctive principle of
the Nebraska-Kansas act, and violates and tramples under
foot the i ight and the sovereignty of the people; and where-
as, from the foregoing statement of facts it clearly appears
that the people have not been left "free to form and regulate
their domestic institutions in their own way," but on the
contraiy, at every stage in the anomalous proceedings re-
citcd, they have been prevented from so doing.
Be it therefore resolved by the Governor and Legislative
.Assembly of Kansas Territory, That the people of Kansas,
being opposed to said constitution, Congress has no rightful
power under it to admit said Teintoiy into the Union as a
State, and we, the lepresentatives of said people, do h&eby
in their name, and on their behalf, solemnlyprotestagainst
such admission.
Resolved, That such action on the part of Congress would,
in thejudgmentoftho members of this Legislative Assembly,
be an entire abandonment of the doctrine of non-interven-
tion in the affaiis of the Tenitory, and a substitution in its
stead of congressional intervention m behalf of a minority
engaged in a disreputable attempt lo defeat the will and vio-
late the rights of the majonty.
Resolved, That the people of Kansas Territory claim the
right, through a legal and fair expression of the will of a ma-
loiity of her citizens, to form and adopt a constitution for
themselves.
Resolved, That the Governor of this Territory be requested
to forward a copy of the foregoing preamble and resolutions
to the President of the United States, the President of the
Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and
to the Delegate in Congress from this Tenitory.
G. XV. DEITZLER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
C. W. BAB COCK,
President oj the Council.
Skouetary*3 OrrrcE,
Lecompton, (K. T.,) January 12, 3858.
I certify the above to be a true copy of the cmolled resolu-
tions dopoMtcd in this* office
[l. s.J
HUGH S. WALSH, Clerk.
Oinntnited in the House of Representatives.
C. b\ CD [IRTISH, Chief Clerk.
I claim, on these grounds, that the evidence is
complete and irrefragable that the people of Kan-
sas emphatically repudiate the Lecompton con-
stitution as the expression of their will. With-
out dwelling; oil this point longer, I proceed to
inquire what are the right and duty of Congress
in these piemises. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted Stales says that Congress "may admit new
States." This implies to every reasonable mind
a large discretion. It thcrefoie gives us, by an
implication which cannot be denied, the power to
reject the application" of any State for any reason
that may appear to Congress to be right, if not
repugnant to the Constitution of the United
j States.
! The Kansas-Nebraska act is sometimes said to
j have been an enabling act. Mr. Chairman, 1 deny
I it. It is in no sense an enabling act; it is chiefly
j a declaratory act. The pith of it is a certain dec-
j laration, hard to be understood, and more difficult
I to be interpreted, if we may judge from the va-
j ucty of interpretations given to it by gentlemen
; on the other side of the House. But in no sense
; was it such an enabling act as to override or to
' restrain the power of Congress in a case like that
I now before us. We are called upon to admit a
State into the Confederacy^ against the will of the
- people thereof; and certainly, among the rights
of Congress, under the Constitution, no right has
ever been given to force a constitution on an un-
willing people. Whatever may be said as to the
right of Congress to admit or to reject new States,
nowhere can be found anything like a color of
power to force a constitution on a people who, in
every form and shape possible, have repudiated
and rejected it.
Vi/hat, then, is the duty of Congress in a case
like the present ? Lotus look at the nature of this
case. I undertake to say that there has been fraud
proved in every step of this procedure, from the
inceptioji of the convention to its final action.
But if that is denied in any quarter, there is no
man who will deny that there 13 reasonable sus-
picion of it in all these transactions—transactions
which are very hard to be explained by the most C*
subtile and acute reasoners. • At any rate, sir, this
pretended constitution comes not here with a clean
record, and no nsan has stood up here to defend
it as a clean record; and no fair man will. On all
sides it is allowed that some irregularities exist;
and these irregularities are of such a kind as to
make it wise for us to stop here, even if it is not
our imperative duty so to do, and let the matter
be disposed of in the future.
We are told here that every State must be ad-
mitted which has the requisite number of popula-
tion, and whose constitution isrepublican in form.
But no constitution can be republican in form
which does not express the will of the people. It •
is anti-republican unless it embodies the will of
the'people in some distinct and unequivocal form.
I plant myself on the Declaration of Independ-
ence, that great charter of our liberties, underly-
ing our most sacred rights; and that Declaration
says that "all free governments derive their just
powers from the consent of the governed." There
can be no free government, there can be no such
thing as a republican government, that does not
derive all its rightful powers from the consent of
the people who live under it.
Besides this, we have a duty which we owe to
Kansas. I regret that so little has been said in
regard to our duty to Kansas. Gentlemen have
seemed to think it was our only duty to admit her
into the Union because there had been an applica-
tion on the part of somebody; though who this
somebody is, is hard to determine. Sir, there is a
duty higher and nobler than this, which we owe
to Kansas. She sustains to us, in her territorial
capacity, a peculiar relation. We also sustain to
the people of the Territories a peculiar relation.
It is a relation which ought to be marked on each
side by principles of integrity. Wo ought to have
some regard for their good name, and they should
show due respect/or Congi ess. Kansas ought not
to bo thrust in among this sisterhood of States
with a stain upon her honor. Kansas ought not
to be permitted to become one of us in this glori-
ous Union with a constitution that is not free from
the blot of fraud and iniquity. Kansas should
come here with clean hands; she should come
with spotless robes to take her place in the circle
of independent and sovereign States. Her terri-
torial history has been sad; it is marked with
ruffianism, rapine, blood. Be it ours to see to it
that her history as a .State shall not commence
with foul stains overspreading her oiganic act.
To admit her under present circumstances is hot
to take her by the hand with words of gratula-
tion which awaken the sympathies of her people,
but to forcibly drag her into your association,
imposing on them a constitution which they re-
pudiate and abhor. You chain her unwillingly
to your victorious chariot wheels as the old Ro-
mans graced their triumphs with their captives.
She cannot greet you with uplifted eyes and
queenly port; but, vailed and manacled, she sub-
missively bowa her neck, and waits your pleasure;
and this record will be yours and hers forever.
Sir, what is the necessity that Kansas should
be admitted in this way ? W hy must we be called
upon to contradictand deny the fundamental prin-
ciples of republican government? Why depart
from the wisdom of the fathers of the State? The
President, who stands as sponsor for this proceed-
ing, and urges us onward to this act, says that
Kansas must be admitted to give peace to that Ter-
ritory and to the country. Was there ever such
a pretense as this? Restore peace to Kansas by
forcing a constitution upon her which she has re-
pudiated by her decisive vote 1 Peace to Kansas
by denying her her rights 1 Peace to Kansas by
heaping upon her injustice and wrong 1 Sir, it is
most delusive. There can be no peace to Kansas
while you attempt to stifle the voice of her peo-
ple, and trample down what is dearer to them than
life.
But we arc told by gentlemen on the o'therside;
wc weic told by the gentleman who has just taken
his seat, [Mr. La>: r,, ] that the reasons urged on this
side of the House for resistance to the admission
of Kansas are not sincere reasons; that the true
reason is founded in opposition to slavery m that
Territory. Well, -Mr. Chairman, what are the
facts in regard to the character of this discussion?
Has not the admission of Kansas been urged upon
the ground that the constitution recognizes sla-
very ? Have we not been told over and o ver again
