360
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
with this Senator. It is not my purpose to do it.
But I give him to understand that I do not receive
these lectures as addressed to myself personally.
I arose simply to read the extracts from the Con-
gressional Globe, which I supposed were correct,
and to call the attention of the Senator and of the
Senate to the fact that on this very question the
Senator, on a former occasion, if this is the cor-
rect language he used, took a different ground
from what he does now. If the honorable Sena-
tor has become satisfied since that the ground
then taken was not correct, and chooses now to
take a different ground, I have no fault to find
with him. I simply say that, so far as I am con-
cerned, I desire to do nothing more than to do
justice to these reporters here; and I understand
that, from the first commencement of this system
of reporting, this has been the usual compensation
which has been given, both in the other House
and in the Senate; and being the usual compensa-
tion, I say that if it is to be paid to the House
reporters, I insist it should bo paid to the Senate
reporters. I had not intended to take up the time
of the Senate at any length. My purpose was
simply to read the extracts.
Mr. TOOMfjS. The Senator from Wisconsin
asks me if I have heard of Galphinism. I desire
an explanation from him on that subject. If he
charges me, in connection with any branch of pub-
licservice, nowor at any time, with any improper
action on any public transaction whatever, I wish
to know it.
Mr. DOOLITTLS. In relation to the subject
of Gnlphimsm, and the claim from winch that
name was derived, I understand that the honor-
able Senator—1 may be misinformed as to the fact
—in the House of Representatives advocated that
claim, about which so much was said at the time.
1 do not impuirn the motives of the Senator in
doing it; but if I am misinfoimud as to the fact, I
am willing to bo corrected.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is rather an extraordi-
nary way of dealing with questions, for a Senator
to make an allusion without intending an impu-
tation. I do not understand it that way. So far
as the claim of Geoige Galpiiin for revolutionary
services was concerned, I say that it received a
unanimous vote in the House of Represent-
atives. There arc many members upon this floor
who sat as membeis in that House with me at
the time, and voted that it was just, that u was
right; and the denounceis of it were miserable
slanderers and cowards. The gentleman con-
nected with it was everyway one of the most
honorable men in the Republic; and I undertake
to say that ho who assails the justice of it or the
motives of my friend, then Secretary of War,
cannot maintain as a gentleman what he. will say
as a Senator. That is all I intend to say on that
point. 1 have said before, that claim received, .so
far as I know, the unanimous suppoi t of the .Sen-
ate again and again; when it passed, it received
the unanimous support of the other House, and
the signature ofthe President of the United States;
it was a just, claim, founded upon revolutionary
service. That it was assailed in the newspapers
is true; but it seems that Senator now does not
choose to intimate or know on what point the
Ciamor was made. The clamor was made upon
the allowance nf interest by the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States, at the instance of
another distinguished fuend of mine, then a mem-
ber of General TayIor's administration—the Hon.
Reverdy Johnson. The complaint was as to the
departmental decision allowing interest. The
integrity and validity of the claim have never
been assailed, m my judgment, by anybody; but,
if there js any, I should like to hear from the
Senator from Wisconsin wluit fact he knows
against it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say that I had sup-
posed the honorable Senator himself was instru-
mental in pressing the claim; not only the original
claim, but that he urged that the interest should
be allowed upon it, about which so much was
said. If I am mistaken in the facts, I am willing
to be corrected. I have not madeany imputation
as to motives.
Mr, TOOMBS. You arc not at all mistaken
in the fact. When that interest was allowed, I
defended it in the House of Representatives, and
I defend it here. I know that the then Secre-
tary of War came to the House of Representa-
tives and demanded that the question should be re-
ferred to the Supreme Court of the United States,
pledging himself to refund the money if the decis-
ion was not affirmed by the highest tribunal of
his country; and a partisan majority in this House
put it down. I suppose the gentleman got his
information from his allies; and I dare say mil-
lions of dollars have been stolen in this country
under the cry of Galphinism. It is the common
cry when there is a desire to plunder the public
Treasury. I will give a brief statement of the
case now to refresh the public mind.
Geoige Galphin was an Indian trader in the
State of South Carolina. He bought from the In-
dians, with seven other traders, a lar^e tract of
land. The amount of his debt, c£9,000, was au-
dited by Governor Wright, at the commencement
of the Revolution. The British Government were
to sell the lands and to pay the tradeis' debts.
There never was dispute any whereabout his debt.
It went from Congress to the Legislature of Geor-
gia, and from there here, the dispute being who
should pay. Georgia said the United States ought
to pay; the United States said Georgia. Georgia
said she never used the fund; that the land had
been used in the particular defense and in the gen-
eral defense of the United States. This man, be-
ing a friend ofthe Revolution, called upon his own
Government. The other seven traders were Loy-
alists; they went to the British Parliament and
were paid. 1 hold that the Government of the
United States were bound to pay the money, as
they had, in 1700, assumed the debts of all the
States incurred for the general or the particular
defense. The Hon. George McDutlie, of South
Carolina, reported the bill in this body, and the
Senate passed it year after year. It came to the
House of Representatives, and there I was its
ready defender. It went to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, of which the Hon. Joseph R. Ingersoll,'
of Pennsylvania, was chairman, and that commit-
tee leported unanimously in favor of the bill, and
it passed the House unanimously, as will be lec-
oilooted by the Senator from Arkansas, who'was
then a member of the other House, and who was
present on the occasion. When General Taylor
came in, the question Whether it should draw in-
terest, according to the act of J8352, as all such
'claims did, was referred by the then Secretary of
the Treasury, Mr. Meredith, of Pennsylvania,
who now, [ believe, belongs to the Republican
phalanx, to the Hon. Ueverdy Johnson, a friend
of mine then and now, as noble and true a man
as lives on the face of the earth, who hacf been a*
counsel twenty years before he came there, and,
without the least knowledge of who the parties
concerned were, he decided that the interest was
due. That is the history of Galphinism.
This cry 1 know has been the common slosh of
pai ty newspapers, but I did not expect to hear it
in the Senate unless from a gentleman who knew
enough about the claim to point out what was
wrong in it, wherein it violated public principle.
I voted for it,and I glory m it as an act of justice
and right, not to my own constituents, but to"the
constituents of my honorable fiiend from South
Carolina. Dr. Galphin, the executor, to whom
the money was paid, lived in South Carolina, and
it may be that some of the parties interested lived
in Georgia. That the claim was a just debt, a part
of the price ofthe Revolution, was unanimously
decided by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, and approved by the Piesident, and hon-
estly decided by the Secretary of the Treasury
and Attorney General ofthe United States. No
man, 1 think, is prepared to controvert it—at least
I am ready to take issue with any one that does.
I repeat that whoever alludes to it by way of im-
putation, uses his privilege as a Senator to say
what he is not ready to maintain outside.
Mr. HAMMOND. I merely wish to say, as
this subject is referred to, that some twenty-odd
years ago this claim was put in my charge as a
member of the other House, and I investigated it
thoroughly. Knowing the nature of the Galphin
claim, and being acquainted with all the parties,
I indorse entirely everything that has been said
by the honorable Senator from Georgia m regard
to it.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us sit out this, and finish
the bill.
The PRESIDING (OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The motion to adjourn is not debat-
able.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I moved an adjournment,
because we had come to a very singular discus-
sion. On the question of reconsidering this bill
for the purpose of compensating our reporteis, we
have got into a discussion of the merits of the
Galphin claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the power
of a Senator to make a point of order; but the
Chair did not feel at liberty to arrest the discus-
sion, though it was rather wide of the question.
Mr. MALLORY. Much has been said, Mr.
President, about the circular of Mr. Rives, and
the language in which it is couched. That is a
question of taste. I regard the rules it lays down
as well calculated to effect the object proposed—
a faithful report of the debates of this body. The
last clause announces a truism, which might as
well have been left unsaid, namely, that there is
no use in having rules unless you abide by them.
Mr. Rives has mistaken the fact that he prescribes
the rule, and not the Senate for itself. But 1 see
nothing there to take offense at; and even if there
were, what has that to do with the question before
us—whether we shall pay our reporters what they
earn, what their services are worth? Sir, I have
been exceedingly surprised, frequently, at thfe ac-
curacy of our reporters. I have taken some pains
to ascertain the facts; and I believe they are the
best.rcporters this day m the world. There are,
to my certain knowledge, some three hundred and
fifty systems of short-hand writing; and the sys-
tem which is pursued here is, I am convmccd,
that which is best calculated to give accuracy to
the reports; and by that system it requires no
ordinary man to make a reporter. It requires a
strength of intellect, a range of accomplishment,
an experience and acquaintance with the business
affairs of life, which not one reporter in ten thou-
sand possesses. Here the throe main reporters
we have, have not only practiced this system by
themselves, but practiccd it with each other, so
that each can read the others' marks. Not only
have they done that, hut they have acquired a
familiarity with the style of different gentlemen
here; with their intonations of voice; with their
emphasis; with their manner; with their peculi-
arities of mind; and with the range of theirmind,
which enables them to report us with exceeding
accuracy. This is a body mainly of lawyeis; and
wc arc frequently engaged in legal investigations.
We had long treatises delivered to the Senate on
national and commercial law, recently, upon the
fisheries. During the Kansas debate, we sat up
one entire night discussing the law of slavery and
points of order, congressional law and parliament-
ary law. A few days a^o, during the discussion
of the cod-iishery question, I deemed it proper to
make some few remarks, which amounted to
three columns in the Globe. I saw none of the
notes of the reporters; I asked for none. I did
not see the report until two days afterwards; and
I was surprised at the accuracy of everything
m it.
Now, the question is, can we retain the best re-
porters when we have them at the compensation
we are now giving them ? Do they get enough to
compensate them for their labors? Compare it
with the compensation wc give to others. We
give our messengers $1,200; we give our clerks of
committees, some of them, $1,850; we give our
pages a large amount for their services; and these
repot ters, upon whom the reputations of many
gentlemen more or less depend, are receiving less.
The reporting for the present Congress, I under-
stand, will amount to about twelve thousand dol-
lars, or $6,000 a year, out of which the reporters
and their assistants, copyists and amanuenses,
must all be paid.
The report in to-day's Globe of yesterday's
proceedings is, I think, unprecedented. You see
there more than twenty-five columns reported. I
do not lecollect ever to have met in the history of
the American Senate such a report as that. The
reporters were employed from nine o'clock in the
morning until four o'clock, some nineteen consec-
utive hours, in business connected with reporting
