1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1899
that Kansas must be admitted with slavery as a
chiefly for the reason that she has made a
constitution which contains slavery? This has
been the spirit of the remarks of a large portion
of the gentlemen who have spokenm favor of her
ad mission.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the genilemanfrom Mas-
sachusetts if any gentleman oil this flooi has urged
that Kansas should be admitted into the Union
because her constitution recognizee slavery ?
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I said that
was the spirit of the remarks ot southern gentle-
men; otherwise why is it a violation of southern
rights, of which gentlemen have so much com-
plained, to refuse her admission ? But, in respect
to the question of slavery m Kansas, if that is the
question in issue, 1 tell gentlemen, all other reasons
apart, that we have the vantage groundm refeience
to this same Temtory of Kansas. Every foot of
the soil of thatTcrritory has once been irrevocably
con.-ecrated to freedom by the Missouri compro-
mise. It is said that this compromise was uncon-
stitutional, and there seems to have been what
some gentlemen seem to regard as a decision of
tiie Supreme Court, affirming the constitutional-
ity of that compromise; but, sir, there are au-
thorities at least as strong upon the other side of
the question. The Cabinet of the President under
whose Administration the Missouri compromise
became a law, contained wise men and eminent
constitutional lawyeis. Their opinions are on
record, and arc worthy of as much respect as any
opinion pronounced by a part or the whole of the
Supreme Court of the United States, as now con-
stituted.
Mr. Chairman, we of the North were juggled
out of our rights by the repeal of the Missouri
compromise—rights for which a consideration
was paid.
Mr. SINGLETON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts if the South, m 1850,
did not ask to have the Missouri compromise line
applied to the Territories of New Mexico and
Utah, which were then organized ?
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I am willing
to allow it.
Mr. SINGLETON. How, then, can you say
that the S«mtn has been unwilling to stand by that
line which sh^oifrrud to extend across the country
to the Pacfie?
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. It is a matter
notorious, that that compromise was repealed by
the votes of the >S<>uth,and by their alhes, upon a
specific occasion; and no matter whatotherprop-
ocnions may have been rn^de from time to time,
that fact stands out patent and incontroverted.
Th^r-'foro 1 say we have been juggled out of our
rights by a breach of good failli, and we, reject-
ing all your refinements, are dUn-mmcd to avail
outselves of every opportunity to redress that
v/iom;. VV nhih the limits of that compromise, at
leapt, v/e will have no more slave States. Never!
Mr. SINGLETON. Will the gentleman bo
kinu enough to state what the consideration of
that bai^aui was?
Mr. TIALL, of Massachusetts. The admis-
sion ortho St,'to of Missouri, and the admission of
othorslave States south of that line.
Sir, the President and his advisers, prompters
or si'uaulians, would have been wise if they had
well considered the effect of the repeal of the Mis-
soiai compromise before they invented and pro-
duced this Kansasembroglio. They should have
considered that the non-sSaveholdmg States were
reli-aS'-d fioui all obligation to the admission of
any more slave States. They were bound by it
to a em t:\in extent while it existed; but, by its re-
peal, they were exempt from such obligations for-
evrr. The President might well inquire what party
organization it had given rise to, how large it
had become, and how near it leached success in
the last campaign. The President is a minority
president as it is. What wise man will approve
of urging this irritation of northern sentiment fur-
ther,"and especially by such low acts of petty
finesand chicane as we have before us in this
rec-'rd ? Kvcrvbody must see that the progress
of events is towards change, and on the side of
freedom.
A Senator from South Carolina told us, m the
other end of the Capitol, a few days ago, that
the South had ruled the nation for sixty, out-of
seventy years*, and the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis,] who is not now in hie seat3
was pleased to say that the time was rapidly ap-1
proachmg when power would be in the hands of j
the North; and the gentleman from South Caro- \
lma [Mr. Boyce] made use of language of a sim-
ilar character, yesterday. They say true; and
their prescience is to be commended. Whoever
turns his vision to the political firmament will be-
hold the star which symbolizes the scepter of
power tending northward. Then, the true policy
is, by an enlightened spirit of moderation and for-
bearance, to conciliate. The time is past for mar-
tyrdom to abstractions. Your Kansas-Nebraska
bill, which was to be the panacea for all political
troubles, has made a very chaos of the political
elements. By its interpretation and effects, con-
fusion worse confounded has been introduced into
the political system. Nobody has been found
who can say what the true intent and meaning" '
of it is. As applied to Kansas, to leave the peo-
ple to settle their institutions in44 their own way,"
it appears to mean upholding a constitutional con-
vention, sitting linger the protection of United
States bayonets, to manufacture an organic act
which the people repudiate on the first fair oppor-
tunity at the polls; and yet the Kansas-Nebraska
act is snidto illustrate the principle of popularsov-
ereignty. The theory of the Democratic party is,
that it recognizes all the rights of the people; that
it is the very bummum bonwn of all political truth;
that it, above all other things, is to bo revered by i
the people, after the Declaration of Independence; ;
but, mai k you, whether at the IS orth or the South, ;
&entlen!Oii arc unable to agree when in its mam- ■
fold virtues consist. ;
Now, sir, I icpeat that your Kansas-Nebraska i
act Inu made a perfect chaos of all political elu- •
ments—such a chaos as always precedes a new ,
creation. We live in a formatne period, and the
policy of the country is about to be changed. The
indications of it, everywhere, are so distinct and
maiked thatno man in hissenses can overlook or j
deny them; and as out of original chaos, by the j
omnifxc word, thegieen earth aiosefair and o< nut i- |
fuL so from (he elements ail around us the party
of the future will spring. ] say we live in a form- ■
ative period. The elements thus far have been '
resistant, but they will become conservative as ■
they are consolidated, and acquire power and
streogih. Sueh a party cannot have a tamt of
sectionalism about it. and frmn the necessity of
its constitution u eeems impossible that it can be-
come aggrcHSive on any constitutional or
nanted right of any portion of the people of
United States. This is the inevitable lesuk
forces now in operation. It is impo^-nd
tilings should continue as tin y are. The dim
of the slave power is over, t>r is ui.aviii';
close: and as it draws to close the «st
for the reorganization of this Gove'.nmmH
original pattern will rice m the a^eend-uu.
convulsions through wh
shaken the country to u> ver
vubaons through which w 1 a
but its nascent thr^'S: and \
shall fully cunse it v-jl) r-pnr :
pie, among l>!1 conservative rn
of the Union—hke Minerva !>■
complete, and full-annul v.\ih
of power. Hereafter we sh
tioual liberty, union,and ;<r
,e ha
be restored
original pattern
co\e-
oflhe
■ ihut
to lis
pass* d In.ve
<■; r. 'I'm con-
now passing at 3
icu i's ii-r.h-tnno
, el: lo'.ers
nthe haul or Jove,
all she attributes
\\i st: ;ke forcon.-txtu-
D'.Ti"ess, and the Gov-
ernment wi
and purity.
Thnv arc already cons-titucncli.s enough in tho
1 o1 h and br--ad;h of the iaml to produce tins
1.ii .cf, mid the men will be t<*und to (ui rlirse seats,
to reaencr^iu your ^ena!*1, fo occupy your places
of executive power, and in due tune to wear the
puiif'ed robes of indicia! authority.
In the comse of this uel.af, ;hirk intimations
of S"CC ssioii and dibUuio i haw been thrown out,
and we are told that jf Kansas U not admitted un-
der the nresent constitution, ' tieit the bona which
unites us is to be broken, that there is to bo no
moio fraternity between the North and the
and that the rejection of this act will be asufoeiem.
ground for a movement in favor of disunion, on ,
we do not believe m the probabilities of any such
thin"-. We do not believe in the possibilities of any
such thing. It has not been asserted on aucitor-
ity that any such thing will occur; but, as t sa.u
before, dark intimations have been tnrowii out
thet. such a thing may occur if a certain course be
pursued. Now, sir, thisljnion is not one 0i opin-
ion. This Union is one ofinteiest and necessity,
and while the interest is recognized, the necessity-
continues, apd while that necessity continues, the
Union will be intact. There is no portion of the
Union that can afford to do without the other por-
tion. The interests of ail are interlinked and in-
terwoven. They are and must be one, not by
mere political constitution, but by the necessities
of the case. This Union rests on a compact which
no one party can repudiate, or be permitted to re-
pudiate. The constitution and practical operation,
of the Federal Governmental matters which need
to be better understood among the masses of the
people. It contains in itself the elements of per-
petuity—it must be a perpetuity. All sorts of com-
binations against it must be insurrectionary and
ephemeral in their nature, while the Federal Gov-
ernment is clothed with authority, and has, there-
fore, the essential elements of stability. All hostile -
combinations, illegal as they are, must be sup- ='
pressed and will be suppressed in due course of
law. I speak not, Mr. Chairman, of war; I speak; *
not of fratricidal strife; there are other means to
be tried before so djtre a result can be reached, or
even thought of.
I have faith that there is a spirit underlying all
this superficial excitement of to-day—a spirit of
intense love to the Union among the masses of
the people. It is possible for politicians, with
their ambitions before them, with their disap-
pointments and their restless machinations with
personal aim1!, to endeavor to inflame and excite
the minds of the people. They may succeed to
tins point, but no further. On the second sober
thought, there is a loyal feohng of attachment to.
the ancient bond; ami the larger your Union be-
comes, the stronger are the ties which bind you.
T;ie very diversity of interests that connect you
with one another is the strongest assurance that
such a Union must exist and must endure.
I was pleased with the reply of the gentleman
from Texas, [Air. Reagan,'] the other day,when
lie was catechized by a gentleman on this side in
regard to the interpretation of the lecent resolu-
tions of the State of Texas. They seemed at first
to be minatory, and involving within themselves
something fearful to contemplate. But the gen-
tleman from Texas interpreted them by saying
that they did not mean that Texas would secede
i from the Union, but that they were afraid that the
Union would secede from Texas. And so the
| gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,]
j and ihe gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Moore,]
; do not undertake to say that the lesult of these
conventions called in the southern States is to
c:Vt ct the dissolution of tho Union, but that they
a,e o.ily to contemplate the steps they ought to
t'i;e to ledress the imaginary grievances under
' v. hn-li '.liry sutler.
And liiis always \v 11 be the case when the re-
suit com, s. Tho people > anoot be moved to such
fanaticism. On the surface all tins excitement
may e.ppeui", end unwise men may indulge in vio-
lent de'ciainauoiis, but the heart of the people is
always Hue; and the hedit of the masses, North
and South, will e\er beat in faithfulness to the
Union.
But another spirit has been evoked by this con-
troveisy which c.dls for animadversion. The
gcutieman from Alabama [Mr. Shorter] was
ph is-'d to say, a short time since, that " he de-
1 spised the memory of the Pihrnm fathers," and
took the opportunity of availing himself of the
snv'inar and unenviable privilege of reviling them
and" their principles accordingly. This, sir, is
the language ofiintated perplexity, and the petu-
lance of despair, and was m keeping with the line
' of argument which lie chose to pursue in sus-
taining thirl Lecompton constitution. "Why, sir,
the true idea of popular sovcieignty was first
' announced on this continent from the cabin of the
' Mayflower. When the Pilgrim fathers first an-
J ciuned at Cape Cod, they found themselves be-
| yond the limit of their patent, and consequently
| without any Uelegated powers for the estabhsh-
: ment of their community on a political basis.
They were thrown back into circumstances ap-
i proximating as nearly as possible to that ideal
j "state of nature" of which philosophers have
' dreamed. Prepared in the school of discipline,
; they were at no loss what steps to take when the
exigency arose which compelled them to action.
; Their promptness in providing for the emergency
' demonstrates that their theory of government was
- fixed, while history renders it certain that they
