1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
um
ing that a territorial government be granted to
them.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman is
entirely mistaken. It is not a memorial, but a
certificate of election.
Mr. GROW. I was coming to that. With this
memorial may be a certificate of election of the
individual whom the people there desire to be
their representative. Of course the election was
not held under any law, and no man holds that
any legal election has taken place. But this is a
memorial of the people of Arizona, asking that
they may have extended to them a separate ter-
ritorial organization, and as such, it belongs to
the Committee on Territories; and so far as the
question of order touches this memorial, I take
the ground that the reference to the Committee
Oil Territories is the proper reference. I say
nothing of the election; because we know that no
legal election for a Delegate could be held there.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am not aware of
any such papers having been referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories. I have not heard of them.
I hope this proceeding will receive the attention
of the House. I understand that this Delegate
elect from Arizona is an officcr of the United S tates
Army. This is an extraordinary state of things.
Mr. BOCOCK. What question is before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. There is no question before
the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am not disposed
to complicate the question by drawing in any
other matters connected with it. I look at it as
a question of order, whether this paper, purport-
ing to be the certificate of election of a member to
a seat upon this floor, was presented as it ought
to have been, and whether, having been presented
in violation of the rules, as I allege it has been,
that presentation ought to be held good. I move
that the Committee on Territories be discharged
from the further consideration of the paper, and
that it be laid upon the tablp.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I hope the gentle-
man will change his motion, so as to discharge
the Committee on Territories from the consider-
ation of that paper, and that it be returned to the
gentleman from New Mexico.
Mr.HARRIS,of Illinois. lacceptofthat mod-
ification.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Thatwould im-
ply that the paper is in possession of the Com-
mittee on Territories. I hold that it cannot be le-
gally there, and what has not been done legally
cannot be regarded as done at all.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. One question of order is al-
ready pending.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire, then, to make a sug-
gestion. I understand that underthe rules, where
a paper has not been presented in open session
and which ought not to be received, it is in the
power of the Speaker to direct it to be returned
to the person from whom it came. If that be so,
the Speaker could make the necessary order upon
this subject.
Mr. l-iARRIS, of Illinois. After the record has
been made up and signed by the Speaker, it is not
in his power to make any such order.
The SPEAKER. The 24th rule is as follows:
tc 21. Members having petitions and memorials, to present
may hand them to the Clerk, indorsing tiie same with their
names, and the reference or disposition to be made thereof;
and such petitions and memorials shall be entered on the
Journal,subject to ihecontioland direction of the Spenkfr;
and if any petition or memorial he so handed in, uhich, in the
judgment of the Speaker, is excluded by the ruZcs, ttie same
shall be rehu ncd to the member from whom it was received."
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the Speaker can return
the paper to the gentleman who presented it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I withdraw my mo-
tiori.
The SPEAKER. If it be the sense of the
House, the Chair will withdraw the paper and
return it to the gentleman who presented it.
There was no objection.
INDIAN WARS IN OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
Mr. Q.UITMAN". I offer the following resolu-
tions for the purpose of procuring some important
information for the committee of which I am a
member:
Ilesolued, That tlw Secretary of War be requested to
tiansmit to this House a copy of the report of the commis-
sioners appointed under the eleventh section of the act of
18th of August, to ascertain and report the expenses
ineuired in the late Indian wars in Oregon and Washington
Territories.
Resoh-cd, That the Secretaiyof the Interior be requested
to transmit to this House a copy of the report of J. Boss
Browne, special agent of ttie Indian department, on the
late Indian wais ln'Oregun and Washington Territories.
A single word of explanation. The Commit-
tee on Military Affairs have now before them a
bill to reimburse to the Territories of Oregon and
Washington, the expenses incurred in the prose-
cution of Indian wars. It is impossible for them ,
to proceed with their examination, without hav- i
ing the report of the commissioners appointed last |
year, as to the actual expenses which they found j
and reported to the Secretary of War. This!
information is necessary, to enable the committee
to make their report.
The resolutions were agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House copies of the laws of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, passed at the regular ses-
sion and at the extra session of the Legislature;
which were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
State, requesting an appropriation to compensate
R. C. Murphy,"late consul at Shanghai, for ju-
dicial scrviccs, &c.; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a communication from the Department
of State, inelosiii" a letter to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, requesting ad-
ditional appropriations for the northeast executive
building; which was refer) ■ d to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
State, transmitting a list of clerks and other per-
sons employed in the State Department during the
year ending June 30, 1857; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, inclosing a statement of the expenditure of
the appiopriations for the contingencies for the
Department of War; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would inquire if the House
did not lesolve to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table ? If so, then anything except busi-
ness upon the table is out of order, except by
unanimous consent. 1 shall have to object to ail
other Ipustness unless the House will let me take
up the bill to which I have heretofore referred,
and have a vote upon it. If they will allow me
to do that, I shall not stand in the way of any
one.
Mr. WASHDURNE, of Illinois. There are
several bills upon the table, and I think we can
dispose of all of them.
Mr. REAGAN. I hold in my hand a bill of great
importance to my people. It provides for the Gov-
ernment of the United States, in connection with
the government of Texas, running the boundary
line between the United States and Texas. I wisli
to introduce it and have it referred.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want to get a vote upon my
bill, and if I yield to the gentleman from Texas,
I shall have to yield to others.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The House then proceeded to take up the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table, as follows:
GEORGE P. MARSH.
An act for the relief of George P. Marsh.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. If there is no ob-
jection, I should like to have that bill referred to
the Secretary of State to report how much Mr.
Marsh has already been paid for the services men-
tioned in that bill.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object.
The SPEAKER. The House can hardly refer
a bill to a jurisdiction over which they have no
control.
Mr. LETCIIER. I move to add to the mo-
tion to refer to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
the words, " with instructions to procure from
the State Department information in regard to the
amou nt of money already received by Mr .Marsh.' *
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 accept the
amendment.
The motion as amended was agreed to.
SELMA A PORT OF DELIVERY.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was ail act (S. No. 27) to detach Selma, in the
State of Alabama, from the collection district of
Now Orleans, and make it a port of delivery within
the collection district of Mobile.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
take up any but private bills to-day ?
The SPEAKER. Private bills have priority
to-day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
take up any others ?
The SPEAKER. It is, after the private bills
have been disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this not private
bill day ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. If the Chair had
called the committees for reports to-day, would it
have been in order to have reported any but pri-
vate bills ?
The SPEAKER. After all the private bills had
been reported, the Chair would have received re-
ports of other business. Such was the practice of
the House during the last Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House adjourn, and 1 ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
WILLIAM K. JENNINGS AND OTHERS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 29) for the relief of William
K. Jennings and others.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I should like to have the bill
read, as I desire to make a remark or two upon
the reference.
The bill, which was read iti extenso, provides
for the payment, in a certain manner, and to cer-
tain parties, for slaves taken and carried away by
force by Great Britain during the war of 1812.
Mr. BLISS. If my colleague will yield the
floor, I will move that the House adjourn.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will yield for that pur-
pose, and only for that purpose.
Mr. BLISS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past four o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 18, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Jabez Fox.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, communi-
cating, in obedience to law, lists of the clerks,
messengers, laborers, and packers employed in
that Department during the year 1857; which was,
on motion of Mr. Yulee, ordered to lie on the
table; and a motion by liim to print it, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICEPRESIDENTpresented a memorial
of the Legislature of the Territory of Nebraska,
in relation to the establishment of a new survey-
ing district, and the creating the office of surveyor
,, general for that Territory; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of the
goldbeaters of the city and State of New Yoik,
praying for an increase of the duty on gold-leaf;
which was referred to the Committee on r inance.
£-je also presented a petition of citizens of the
town of Phelps, New York, praying for the adop-
tion of some measure for the pacific and gradual
extinction of slavery; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Ashtabula,Ohio,praying for the repair or rebuild-
