2424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
xnittee and the Senate, than anybody else could
have done, and yet we are higgling about the
small amount of pay ! I will not detain the Sen-
ate on it. Let us have the vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think this matter had
oetter lie over. It is evident this discussion is to
goon. [" Question! question !"] Gentlemen will
not stop talking.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
The amendment of Mr, Wright was rejected.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. As gentlemen
talk so much about expenses, let us make a record
as we go on. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bell, Brodenrk,Chandler, Oolla-
rner, Crittenden, Dixon, Durkee, Pes^enden, Fitch, Foot,
Foster, Green, Hale, Uamtm. Hammond, Harlan, Iverson,
Johnson of Arkansas, Jones. Wallory, AJtwm, Pearee, Polk,
j'ugh, Seward, Simmons, Thompson ot Kentucky, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Clay, CUngmin, Davis, Hunter,
Johnson of Tonucsbeo, Ileal, Itice, Sebastian, Slide!!,
Toombs, and Wiight—12.
So the resolution was passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally rend twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on Finance: j
A bill (No. 399) making appropriations for the j
naval service for the year ending the 30iii June, j
1859; and I
A bill (No. 468) making appropriations for the !
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs.
"WIDOW OF GENERAL SM1TII.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 ask the Senate now to take
up the hill for repairing the piers in the harboi of
Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from ?7ew
York give way to permit me to introduce a bill
inr the relief of General Smith's widow, with a
view to reference?
Mr. SEWARD. With great pleasure.
■There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S.No. 413) for the relief of Mrs.
Ann Smith, widow of the late I.he\et Pngadier
Genera! Persifer F. Smith; and it was read twice
by its title.
Mr. SLIDELL. T would ask the immediate ,
consideration of the Senate to tins bill, believing i
that it will lead to no discussion, and that the j
feeling of the Senate wiil he unanimous in eon- j
i urrence with the proposition I have made; but, !
as J fim indebted to the comtesy of the Senator 1
j'ioin New York for the Javor <-n this occasion, I i
will not press it unless he shall be willing that it ;
he now considered. !
Mr. SEWARD. To-morrow morning I will ^
cooperate with the Senator on it with great plea- |
sure. I
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state to the Senator j
from New York, that there is great appropriate- !
ness in passing the bill to-day, as tins is the day ;
< f the funeral ceremonies of Ueueral Smith. I can
say here, of my own knowledge, that he leaves
his widow in very destitute circumstances. It is
quite unnecessary for me to enter into any details
of the merits of General Smith. His military ca-
reer is part of the history of the country, familiar
to us all; and if the bill is to be passed at all, I
think it may be done with peculiar grace to-day.
I do not think it will lead to any protiaeted dis-
cussion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am opposed to it.
Mr. SEWARD. I understand theie is objec-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am opposed to it. I want
these cases put upon piiueiple. I am not^for
making exceptional cases to a general law with-
out any reason except that the applicant died in
the publie service.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state to the Senator
from Georgia, that this bill is a textual copy of
the bill for the relief of Mrs. Worth, winch passed
the Senate almost unanimously two years ago.
Mr. TOOMBS. Jt passed wrong
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I think it better to move
Ws reference to the Committee on Pensions, if 1
ean be assured that there will be a report from
that committee to-morrow.
Mr. KING. The committee do not meet until
Monday.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then let it lie over until to-
morrow, when I shall call it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
over.
Mr. SLIDELL subsequently said: I under-
stand that the Senator from Georgia either did
not explain his views properly, or that the Chair
misunderstood him. He did not wish to object
to the consideration of the bill for the relief of Mrs,
Smith, and is willing that it should now be con-
sidered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I merely stated that I should
oppose the bill, and then the Senator from New
York said there was objection. I am very strongly
opposed to the principle of a bill granting this
benefit, and shall vote against it, and probably
give my views against it, but I have no objection
to its being considered.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to postpone the spe-
cial order for the purpose of considering the bill.
Mr. FESSENDSN. If the Senatoi from Geor-
gia withdraws his objection, I shall interpose the
same objection to its consideration before it goes
to a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the bill can-
not be considered to-day.
INTERNAt IMPROVEMENTS.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 343) for lepairing the piers j
at the harbor of Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
Mr. PUGJEI offered an amendment to include
all the other improvement bills repmted by the
Committee on Commerce; upon which
Mr. HUNTER and Mr. TOOMDS sprfko until
one o'clock. [These speeches will be published
in the Appendix.]
HOMESTEAD EILI,
Mr. CLAY. The hour for the consideration
of J lie special order has arrived.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi. Tvi;i;son
in the chair.) The Chair will call no the special
order, which is the bill (S. No. 23) to grant to
every person who ii the head of a family and a
citizen of the United Slates, a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the pubhc
domain, upon condition of occupancy and culti-
vation of the same for the period herein specified.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I believethependmgques-
tion on Lhe homestead bill is upon an amendment ■
of my own. Now,sir, from the mtimationsmade
by Senatois around the Chamber, I have thought
it very probable that a ma jo i it y of the Senate are
disinclined to pass that bill. The Senate and
House of Representatives have agreed to adjourn
on Monday week', and there is a great piessare
of business. Then, while it is proper, if the ma-
jority desire to pass the bill, that we should go on
'and perfect it; on the other hand, if the Senate
are disinclined at this tune to pass the measure,
we had better, if we can, get a test vote on that
point at least. It being m'order to move_to post-
pone jt,I move to postpone it until next January.
I would prefer myself an indefinite postponement;
but that would place it where, if the Senate, at the
nextsession, wcredisposed to act on it,theycould
not do so. I hope that the Senator from Ten-
nessee will allow us to decide this point. I am
perfectly willing, if the majority arc favorable to
the bill at this time, that discussion and action
muv go on; but, on the other hand, if the Senate
are disinclined tothat, I hope it will be postponed.
1 make the motion to postpone it until tiic first
Monday of January, hoping that it may not give
rise to debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to the
motion to postpone to the 1st of January being
made now, if the opponents of the homestead bill
think it is important to do so, and to make that
a tost question. I, at the same time, think it un-
necessary to make the motion at this tune,because
I have risen for the purpose of moving to postpone
the consideration of the special oidor, the home-
stead bill, until to-monow, for the purpose of en-
abling the Senate to go through with the river and
harbor bills. However, the other motion is made,
and I shall riot object to it. I wish to give notice,
however, that 1 shall, on the first opportunity I
have, ask leave to introduce a resolution extend-
ing this session of Congress until the 21st day of
June.
Mr. HUNTER. I submita motion to postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of taking up the
appropriation bill.
Mr. CLING-MAN. Let us try my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. KING. Let us take the vote and ascer-
tain the sense of the Senate on the homestead bill.
Mr. SEWARD, I wish to have the yeas and
nays on the motion to postpone.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to inc wo ought to
have a fuller Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The motion
to postpone to a day certain is debatable ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not in-
tend to debate the question; but it does seem to
me that if the Senate of the United States will ever
be prepared to act definitely on this measure,-it
must be at the present rime. It is not my inten-
tion to repeat anything that I have said on any-
former occasion; but this measure has been under
consideration since 1846 up to the present time;
it has been settled again and a^ain in the public
mind. It passed the House of Representatives by
a majority of two thirdson two several occasions
—in *1852 and 1854. As it has now been before
the Senate during the whole session, made a spe-
cial older at an early day, and has been discussed
day after day, public opinion coming here in va-
rious shapes demanding action on this measure,
it does seem to me that the time has come when
the Senate ought to act upon it.
This measure has been lost m this body twice.
The popular branch of Congress has passed it on
two occasions by overwhelming majorities. Why
delay it? Why postpone action on this subject?
If the public will is to be met and to be canied
out by the passage of the bill, let it be done. If
the public will is to be disappointed and disre-
garded, let it be done. 1 am in hopes the Senate
Will let us act on the subject diiuctly, instead of
postponing it. The bill is now nearly matured,
and 1 presume actum can be had in a very short
time. Let us vote dnectly on it, and let the coun-
try understand what we intend to do after having
had it under consideration so long. I would al-
most venture—yet 1 will not daro to do u—to
make a single appeal, in behalf of the homeless
thousands in the United States, to the Senate to
| take up and pass this measure, and grant what
j they have long demanded; grant what they have
j appealed to you for again and again. Now, the
I time has come. Some gentlemen seem to be a
| little timid, and do not like to take ground on eo-
I important a measure, because they do not know
\ where it will go and to what extent it will affect
I the public mind. Why delay? Why cannot the
1 voice of the people be heard ? Why cannot the
' feelings and wishes and wants of the country be
I subserved ? Let us act definitely; cither reject the
j proposition or pass it into a. law. I do hope—I
; ask it m behalf of the homeless, the land less thou-
I sands in the United States—that the Senate will
| act definitely on this measure.
Mr. FOOT. I ask for the yeas arid nays on
the motion to postpone the bill.
The y°as and nays were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, I do not de-
sire to discuss thispioposition, especially at this
time. } am not in health to say what I should
like to say on this measure. I think the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee, in saying that the
nubhc demands this bill, and that its propriety is
a foregone conclusion in the public convi is
altogether in error, so far as my knowledge goes.
I could briefly show the hi3torv of the measure.
It has once or twice passed the other House as a
sort of measure that would tell all over the coun-
try. I do not mean to say that it was a dema-
gogical measure or anything of that sort, but it
' was inconsiderately voted upon. It wa? once coin
sidered here in the Seuate and killed outright, it
is a pretty large expenditure of what, at least, is
one of the sources of public revenue; and while I
give to the Senator from Tennessee all credit for
his bill and for his feelings for the homeless and
houseless, still this is a time when we have to pro-
vide for the wants of the Government. I do not
think ihepublic granary is full enough to be giving
out wine and oil, as they may be called for at any
time.
But, as I said, I am not in health to express
