1400
*
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
March 29,
had originally no intention of setting up avolun-
tkry orgamz-aiian. On the next day,they formed
^'themselves into a body-politic, on the-basis of re-
publican principles, by the signature of this brief
and famous instrument which is the original char-
ter of our present liberties:
In the name of God, amen. We whose names are un-
der written, tiie loyal subjects of our dread sovereign Lord,
King James, by the graceof God,of Great "Britain, Prance,
and Ireland, King, Defender of the faith, &c. Having un-
dertaken, for the glory of God, and advancement of the
Christian faith, and the honor of our IC\ng and country, a ;
voyage to plant the first colony in the northern parts of '
Virginia; do by these presents solemnly and mutually, m '
the presence of God and one another, covenant and com- [
bine ourselves together into a civil body politic, lor our bet- |
ter ordering and preservation, and furthernuce of the end^ j
aforesaid. And by virtue hereof, do enact, constitute, and 1
frame such just and equal law*, ordinances, acts, constitu- I
tions, and officers, from time to tunc, hs  shall be thought
most meet and convenient for the general good of the col-
/"ony; :unto which we promise all due submission and obe-
i dieuce. In witness whereof wo have hereunto subscribed
ar names, at Cape Cod, the eleventh of November, in the
' jn of our sovereign Lord King James, of England, France
i Ireland, the eighteenth, and of Scotland the fifty-founh, ,
"Anno Dom. 1620.'lb j
A sight like this the world #ad never seen, and !
such again the.sun will never look upon. Bythat
deed alone the Pilgrim fathers are immortalized. I
The Mayflower became classic, like the hark of
"Eneas, and around her cluster associations of
more romantic interest than the proudest galley j
of the Argonauts, or the noblest of the fleets of ;
Ctesar could ever boast. j
I could not reach the theme if I were to attempt 'j
the eulogy of the Pilgrims. They need not my
defense. Some words of pious recollection of
their deeds, and their results, are all that the time
will allow. Their History is the more attractive
becuuseitis the record of humble efforts and small,
beginnings. It becomes illustrious when regarded
in the light of its results. If this our nation has
thus fur in its course gone onward and upward,
and we have attained a pinnacle of greatness which
lifts its fair proportions to attract the admiration
of the world, it is not too much to claim that the j
essential elements of that greatness spring from I
the germ which they planted. i
The fathers of New England owe their celeb- i
rity, not so much to the circumstances in which j
they were thrown, as to the fact that they were
equal to those circumstances. They were no or- I
dinary men who were able to establish new forms
of society, to develop new principles of govern-
ment, and to open new sources of human happi-
ly ness and human improvement; and all these, in
' thefaceof most adverse and discouraging circum-
stanccs, The project of exploring a home in a
foreign wilderness, a home for delicate women
I and children, wan a daring enterprise in the sev- ]
enteentl) century, when the experiment w ? new.
By weak minds it would be deemed absurd, and J
to common men it would seem rash and visionary. I
But to them it presented an object congenial with
the brawny strength of their intellectual powers,
and precisely suited to their lofty aspirations and [
sublime daring. !
Our fathers were the true progressives of their
day. They w,ere not the slaves of piecedent, but !
they despised not the wisdom of the past; they !
paid small reverence to usage and prescription, j
hut yielded themselves ever to (ruth and riyht. j;
The principle announced by Robinson for their |j
guidance iu religious matters was exemplified yet ,j
more perfectly in their science of government. ■'
Unflinching in their loyalty to well-ascertained
principles intelligently embraced, they reverenced
them as supreme, and used a wise policy in the
selection and prosecution of the measures neces-
sary to develop them, and to secure their ascend-'
ency. To them we owe it that we have free clec- I
tions in place of hereditary rule—that the privilege
Of birth lias given place to equality before the law; 1
that the power to transmit vast accumulations of ]
wealth in perpetuity is done away; that military j
organizations are composed of citizens themselves;
that arbitraty exactions are superseded by a sys-!
tem of taxation by which the revenues of Govern-
ments are provided by the voluntary assent of 1
the people; and, above all, the system of free and H
universal education was of their origination. They j
reposed their hopes for institutions like these in -i
tiie virtue and intelligence of the people. Invested '
with these attributes, they inaugurated the sov- j
ereignty of the people, and placed the scepter of j
power irrevocably in their hands. The first orna- !i
ments of every plantation were the church and ;
the school house. And, from these points of light,
have radiated the glory which sparkles in the
diadem of our national greatness.
The memory of the men who originated the
system which has produced such results, is safe
from the assaults of men less illustrious than them-
selves. Their children think they best honor them
when they seek' to imitate their example, and will
ever be ready to defend their fair fame. They
ask to be pointed to some oth^r ancestry who have
been equal benefactoi s to their race, ere they blush
at the sneer of ignorance, or quail before the rail-
ings of the calumniator when directed against their
revered names. They are content with the world's
verdict, and the almost unanimous applause of
their kind. The rancor of sectional hate ex-
hausts itself in vain. The memory of tho men,
and the principles associated with Plymouth Rock, !
must endure forever. i
Mr. HILL obtained the floor, but yielded it to i
Mr. UNDERWOOD, who moved that the com- i
mittee rise. . |
The motion was agreed to. i
So the committee lose; and the Speaker having j
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the '
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union I
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill (EI. R. No. 306) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriation for the service of the fiscal year
ending the UOth-of June, 1858, and had como to
no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. JOHN COCH-
RANE, (at half past four o'clock, p. in.,) the j
House adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, JMarch 29, 18oS.
ET.ECTION OF PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
On the appearance of a quorum, at sixteen min-
utes past twelve o'clock,
William IIickey, Esq., Chief Clerk (in the ab-
sence of the Secietary, occasioned by sickness)
called the Senate M order.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Senators, perhaps it is
proper that I should explain the cause of the de-
lay in the organization of the Senate this morn-
ing. I will state to the Senate that I received a
communication from the Vice President, Mr.
Breckivridge, informing me that he was com-
pelled to return to his family in the South, and
that he expected to leave this morning. I have
delayed calling the Senate to order to be assured
that he lias left, and I tlunk there can now be no
question of the fact.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I can state that
he has left; for I went with him to tin1 boat.
Mr. F1TZPATH ICIC. I will stat.- further that,
as the Senate is well aware, I was honored with
their confidence at the opening of the session, and
I know it to be the opinion of many Senators that
the President pro tempore elected at the opening
of I he session remains in office duiing that session.
I have inquired, however, of those who are inti-
mately conversant with the practice, and who un-
derstand the histoiy of the manner in which this
ot'n'er is elected, and the prevailing opinion is that
when you eleet a President pro tempore, the ap-
pearance. of the Vice President vaaates that elec-
tion; and when he vacates the chair again, tho
Senate has to proceed to elect another presiding
officer.. It now devolves on the Senate to elect a
presiding officer.
The Chief Clf.uk. As the Constitution of the
United Slates requires the election of a President
pro tempore iu the absence of the Vice President,
Senatois will be pleased to prepare their ballots
for the election.
Tho ballots having been collected and can-
vassed, the result was announced, as follows:
Whole number of votes cast, 41. Necessary to
a choice, 21; of which—•
Bon. Heujamni Fitzpatrick received   28
Hon. Wfii>am Pitt Ff^senden 1-3
ilea. Hannibal Hamlin  1
The Chief Clerk. Tho whole number of
ballots cast is 41, of which 21 are necessary to a
choice. Of the whole number, Mr. Fitzpatrick
has received 28, Mr. Fessenden 12, and Mr.
Hamlin 1; so that Mr. Fitzpatrick is duly elected
President pro tempore of the Senate. Mr. Slidell
and Mr. Dixon will be pleased to conduct the
President pro tempore to the chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, having been
;Conducted to the chair, said: Senators, I tender
"my grtSeful acknowledgments for this renewal of
your confidence; and beg to assure you that I
shall impartially, and to the best of my ability,
discharge the duties of the situation to which you
have called me. The Journal of Thursday will
be read.
The Journal ofThursdaywas read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PUGII presented a petition of citizens of
Sandusky county, Ohio, praying that a pension
may be granted to each of the surviving officers
and soldiers who have been in the regular or
volunteer service of the United States since the
1st day of January, 1848; which was referred to
tho Committee on Pensions.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Cincinnati, Ohio, praying that a quarter section
of land may be granted to actual settlers in the
proposed Territory of Arizona, includingtheright
to the minerals in the soil, upon the same condi-
tions that lands are granted in the other Terri-
tories and States; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of members of
tho bar and others, at Toledo, Ohio, praying that
a term of the United States district and circuit
courts for the northern district of Ohio, may be
held at Toledo; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, praying that a system of instruc-
tion may bo introduced on board the United States
ships-of-war, as a means of improving the peist/n-
iipI of tho Navy; which was referred to the Com-
miltee on Naval Affairs.
Tie also presented a memorial of citizens of
Cleveland, Ohio, remonstrating against the repeal
of the law establishing the Light-House Board;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a resolution adopted at the
Stale military convention, held in the city of
Columbus, Ohio, on the 19th of January, 1858,
relative to the officering of the four additional regi-
ments recommended by the President in his mes-
sage in December last; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to claims to lands lying within the Muncie Reser-
vation, in the Territory of Kansas; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.^
Mr. BRODERICK presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California, against the renewal of
the piesent contract with the Atlantic and Pacific
Mail Steamship Companies, and in favor of the
letting of two distinct weekly mail contracts, on
separate routes, to two distinctcompanies; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Iowa, m favor of the enactment of a
law legalizing certain locations of land under land
warrants for which more than one dollar and twen-
ty-five cents per acie was paid; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, in favor of the establishment of cer-
tain mail routes in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of California, m favor of the cession to
that State of the Monterey redoubt, for the estab-
lisnment of a military school, or for other pur-
poses of education; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
He also presented the petition of David D.
Porter, a lieutenant in the Navy, piaying for the
settlement, upon principles of equity, of" his ac-
counts for certain secret services performed by
him in the island of St. Domingo, under an order
of the Secretary of the Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Alexander
Copeland, praying for confirmation of his title to
certain lands in the county of Sonora, in Califor-
nia; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. KING presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that the public lands may be
granted free df cost; in farms <Sr" lots, to actual
