1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
1401
Hk
settlers only; which was referred to the Commit- ;
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Cf^sandraS. Witherejl, ptaying that a land war-
rant mav be issued to the heirs of her late fat he r,
Major General Hugh Brady, of the United States
Army, which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Han-
nah Thompson, praying that her pension may be
continued; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented a
petition of citizens of Detroit, Michigan, praying
that the public lands may cease to be considered
a source of public revenue, and that hereafter all
entries thereof may be confined to actual settlers;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. POLK presented a petition of citizens of
the city and county of St Louis, Missouri, pray-
ing for the oiganization of the Territory of Ari-
zona, and that lands may be granted to actual
sealers therein; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. * ;
Mr. PEARCE piesented the memorial of Bev- 1
erly Diggs, late an officer in the revenue servicc,
praying for some relief in consideration of his
having been, as he alleges, without cause, dis- '
missed from the service; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Ann E. Smoot,
widow of Joseph Smoot, late a captain in the
Navy, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referted 10 the Committee on Naval Aitatis.
lie also piesented the petition of A. G. Allen,
hi to navy agent at Washington, District of Co-
in ii.bia, praying to be allowed additional compen-
sation lor disbursements to officers and others
entitled by law to extra pay; which was referred
t<3 the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was '
Ordered, That the pennon and papers of Agnes Slacke 1
and the lieitw of De Repentj^n\r be witlnhau n I nun the liif'S i
and roterred to the Committee on Piivate Land Ci.uni..
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Oliver 'fowled and ofiie?^.
heiin of Captain Olivvi TgwIp-, ci- reader), on th<* f'if"- of .
the Senate, be refeued to the Committee on Revolutionary ,
Claims. |
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordciei7, That the petition of Lemuel Woi-ter, on the
files of the Senate, be leferred to the Committee on Public ;
Laud.s. !
RECOMMITTAL OF A REPORT. j
Mr. YULEE. At the request of the parties j
concerned, I ask that the adverse report hereto- ;
fore mode at this session by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post P^oads, in the case of ,
William Moss, be recommitted. I will state that
I have no authority from the committee to make
this motion, nor has anything occurred to change
the view of the committee thus far; but, at the
suggestion of the Senator representing the State
from which the parties come, I mote the recom-
mittal, with a view of affording them an opportu-
nity of presenting the further testimony and fur-
ther considerations, which they think may prevail
with the committee to change their opinions.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
214) to provide for the compensation of the judges
of the district courts of the United States for the
two districts in the State of Te&as, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Air. KENNEDY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce abiil (S. No.
215) for the relief of ihe executor of Brevet Brig-
adier General James Bankhead, late of the United
States Army; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Mihna.
Mr. \ CJLEE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 25) explanatory and amendatory of the
resolution appioved March 1, 1645, enUtkd "A-
resolution amendatory ot the resolution passed
Apr.! 30, 1354, respecting the application^ cer- ^
tain appropriations heretofore: mad?;' wnieh was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 84)
to provide for the better regulation of night sig-
nals on board of sail vessels navigating the north-
western lakes and their tributaries, and for other
purposes, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 138) further to pro-
vide for the safety of passengers on steam vessels,
reported it with amendments.
Mr IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of J. W. Sulli-
van, asked to be discharged fiorn its further con-
sideration, and that it lie referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Bacchus Webster, asked
to be dischaigcd frum its futther cons-ideiation,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memomi of A. L. Pennock and
Geoige Pennock,asked to be discharged from us
further consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Pmdicy Patterson,
repoited the fullowng lesolutunr, which was con-
sidered by uimmmou3 consent, and ogtced to:
Jit'totred. That tho p< Otion ol Fmdloy Pain loon. pia\
t<  he allowed for \voik done m the erection of tile e.tpitoi
ot K.vn-ti'-, at fifvo'npton. niid°i <\ contract with the Gov
emor of t'ldt Ten it or \. «wd nuit;mnn \ for lo- e>
in convoqueiu-e of tie' bU*pen--ion of thn woik. toother
wdh the p.ipi'r^ in the ea^e, he lt'feired to the Court of
Cl.um-5 for the action <>t that inimnal.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of D. Meriwether, submitted an adverse report.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed, without amendment, Senate
bill to create additional land districts in the State
of California, and for other purposes.
SHIP BILLS OF SALE.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
tion; which was <.
1 sent, and agreed to
1 Jlcbolvcrf, That the Commitfe-* on Commcer? b-  duoctod
1 to in<|une into th" e\p!'di"iiey ol 'vn ruiuicr rise law i cUtuig
■ to rocouhng bill^ of &alo ol ve^cN. pa->ed Juiy 01'. lcviD.
, MAJOR J'EREMIAH Y\ UASH1ELL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I appeal to the
courtesy of the Semite to indulge me by taVing
up and passing now the bill (S No. for the
, relief of M;>jor Jeremiah Y. Dashieli, paymaster
in the United States Aimy. U is to indemnify
him for the loss of som^ $20,000 of money of the
united Siate.s, which was in lus possession. The
loss oerunvd in landing him in a yawl on the
coasr of l^jurida. Ail the facts are proved. The
y^wi was upvt in crossing the bar. The pas-
^cng'.rs in tae yawl w;th Mr. Dashieli, and his
con among the rest, elung to the wreck for an
hour before they were lehcved. They came very
icar being lost. The money, which was in a
■ leather valise, was lost oil the upsetting of the
yawl. Every effort has been niacin to recover it
since, hut it "has been found impossible; and the
amount stands charged against him on the bootfs
of the Department. "It is a case of pecuiur hard-
ship, and the committee are entirely satisfied that
' relief ought to be granted to him ugmnstany fur-
ther rt-spO'isibtiuy on this account. I ask tiie con-
sent of the Senate to pass the bill now, so that
lie may obtain that rehel which, it delayed much
: longer, he cannot get.
The motion wos agreed to; and the bill was
. read a second time, and considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, 1 t directs the accounting
officers, in Sf tiling t he accounts of Major Dashieli,
as pavma-vter i.i the Army, to credit him with the
' sumo'f *,33,1 Ij; that being the amount of public
money accidentally lost by him on the 1st day^ot
1 May, 1357. in attempting to cross the bar of In-
dian river, Florida, for the purpose o£ paying the
troops at Port Cap'ron, in that State.
The troops stationed on and near Indian river in
Florida were in arrears of pay frohs two to six
months in April, 1857,.and Major Dashieli, in the
due performance of his duty as paymaster of the
district, drew from the assistant treasurer at
Charleston, South Carolina, the sum of $23,115,
which was placed in a leathern bagordinarily used
and put in charge of an escort. There were two
routes by which to reach his place of destination-,
Port Capron, one by sea,and the other (the rivcf
route) partly by laud and partly by water; an 1
the latter route, owing; to the shallowness of the
water, as well as to certain outrages and massa-
cres which had been lately perpetrated by the In
d lans m that vicinity, was considered not only ur-
safe, but impiacticable. Major Dashieli, there-
fore, took the only alternative, and proceeded by
sea, in the schooner William and John, to the
mouth of Indian river; when he arrived there, act-
ing- under the advice of the captain of the vessel,
who had six years' experience of the bar at the
mouth of the river, he, with his son, proceeded to
land. The bag containing the funds, which was
duly identified by size, weight, and appearance,
was lowered into the boat, being taken for that
puipose from the iron safe in which it had been
deposited. The bar, as appears from the officers
of several vessels who were present, was in a fa-
vorable .state for landing, and that it was so con-
sidered by Major Dashieli, appears from the fact
that himself and son unhesitatingly accompanied
the treasure in its transit to the shore.
jj It further appears that, while crossing the bar,
h the yawl boat which contained the party was sud-
i; denly capsized by a cross-breaker, and the bag
containing the funds sunk. Major Dashieli, his
son, and the crew, after clinging to the bottom
of the boat for more than an hour, in imminent
peril, were rescued by the boat of one of the ves-
sels nearby. Immediately after his rescue heap-
plied for a guard to watch the spot, which was
furnished by the commanding officer of the post,
and took prompt and active measures to recover
the money. A large reward was offered, and the
most strenuous and constant endeavors made by
the major and others to recover the treasure; but
owing to the high winds ttnd heavy seas which
then prevailed for seveial days, these attempts
met with no success; and he was finally compelled,
with reluctance to abandon the search. The guard,
however, remained, and the attempts to recover
the funds were continued by the commanding of-
ficer of the post, but without a favorable result,
j" The Military Committee are of opinion that the
i1 funds in charge of Major Dashieli, the property
;; of the United States, were lost by an unforeseen
j( and unavoidable accident, and that the loss was
i1 in iiu manner due to negligence or want of proper
'' precautions on his part.
1! The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
ij be ongros'-^d for a third reading, read the third
, time, and passed.
ij DEPARTMENTAL MESSENGERS.
Mr. YULEE. There is a joint resolution on
!' the table, reported from the Committee on the
;! Post Office and Post Roads, some time ago, which
!j I ask the Senate now to take up and consider. It
jj is a very small matter, and will requh-e no discus-
;; sion. It is intended only to prevent the miscon-
!• struction of a joint resolution passed at the last
j: Congress.
The Senate proceeded as in Committee of tho
Whole, to consider the j omt resolution, (S. No. 17,)
j; explanatory of the "joint resolution, giving an
j' increased compensation to all laborers in the era*
\' ployment of the executive and legislative depart-
i1 meats of the Govt rnmunt in tho city of Wash-
ington," approved ibth August, 1856.
!: it provides that the joint resolution of 38th
jj August, 1856. which provides that there shall ho
;■ "one principal messenger in each of the bureaus
■ of the several Executive Departments, at an annual
j salary of S^40 each," shail be understood to em-
brace within its rru« scope and meaning the offices
j: of the three A&sistant Postmasters General, en-
i titling each to a messenger at an annual salary of
|
I Mr. YULEE. The correction of the construc-
) tion which ih proposed by this resolution con-
, forms to the intention of the Finance Committee,
,, as 1 Lm"ii frora the chairman of that committee, in
ij reporting the original resolution at the last Con-
1 £re"s&. This is designed to giv^ effect to the res-
