1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2425
what I want to say on this bill. I hope it will be
Jaid over until January, when we can take it up
and vote on it fairly, and then if it prevails, let it
prevail. Let us husband our resources. Festhia
lentc—let us get along slower. We are getting
along at a very rapid rate, giving away, and lend-
ing, and borrowing money. I decline, so far as
debate is concerned, to say anything at all on the
measure now. I hope it will go over until next
year, when we may look at it maturely, and if it
is to be passed, and must be passed, I want to
get if, .in the best shape it ought to be in. ^ think
it neeas a great many amendments; at least sim-
ilar bills, that have heretofore come under my
supervision did. I have not had a chance to ex-
amine this bill as 1 should like. I hope the motion
to postpone will prevail-, not that I would nothke
to accommodate the Senator from Tennessee; not
that I desire to delay the bill; but if it bo passed,
it ought to be licked into the best possible shape,
for it is an ugly affair at any rate. I think we
ought to have a little time on it. A little sleep,
before this immense domain goes, would be well
enough, and considerate enough, especially as it
is suggested that we are on the eve of an adjourn-
ment. I do not want to provoke any discussion
on the meiiis of the question now. I hope the
motion to postpone it, at least for the time being,
will prevail.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. One single re-
mark in reply to the Senator from Kentucky, in
reference to the evidences of public opinion. All
that I rely upon, in connection with other demon-
strations, is that this measure has been twice
before the House of Representatives. The mem-
bers of that body, representing every congres-
sional district in the United States, have passed the
bill by overwhelming majorities twice—in 1852,
and 1854. This seems to me some evidence of
public opinion. In addition to that, we have res-
olutions of various State Legislatures throughout
the Confederacy. In addition to that, we have
public demonstrations and public meetings, soci-
eties, and various organizations throughout the
whole country, all coming here with a smgie voice.
Where is the gieut demonstration that has ever
been made against it? Where is the public opinion
that has been pronounced against it? I do not
know. It seems to me that the public judgment
has been rendered, again and again, m favor of
this important measure. It is now the public
judgment of the country.
Mr. SEWAIID. Vv nl the honorable Senator
from Tennessee allow rue to suggest to him that
the only difficulty he will expei lence, or that we
shall expeiience, m the passuge of the homestead
bill—for I am with lma on that subject—will be
the want of time to pass it this session, and that
every woid of debate we irdulge in in regard to
postpone.iients abridges so much of the time we
have to pass it in? Let us have the question to-
day; and if he will go with me to-morrow, or the
first time I can get an opportunity to submit the
proposition, and extend the session, he may se-
cure the passage of the bill in that way.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee. If necessary,
I will vote to extend the session, to enable us to
pass this bill. .
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I shall make that mo- !
tion the litst time I get an opportunity. Now let i
us have the question. !
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. In reply to
the Senator from Tennessee, I will say that the
votes passed by the House of Representatives are
not conclusive evidence of what the judgment and !
sense of the country is; and what Sta'e Legisla- j
tures or societies may have done is still h-ss evi- i
denoe, for they do almostanything thatis brought ;
before th^m and advocated vehemently and ar- !
dently. If you talk to them about homeless and i
houseless people, and all that sort of thing, they !
will vote whateverisaskod,and memoiiah/,-' Con- j
gre s in reference to a thousand things they know j
nothing obeut. I do not want to embairaes or '
delay this measure. If it is to be passed, let it j
be done: but then I want :t to be fairly done:and
I should like to have a chance, really, to say
something about the bili, I have a good deal to
say about it. 1 hope it will be laid over until next
session. I assure the gentleman i shall interpose
no objection or obstacle next session, if you can
pass it in the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. One single
remaik. The Senator, from 1846 up to the pres-
ent time, has had this subject under consideration,
a period of over twelve years. If he has not had
an opportunity to examine and bring his mind to
a conclusion after considering a subject for twelve
years, I ask the friends of this measure what
assurance they have of getting his support, if it
shall be postponed ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I am not
acquainted with the particulars of the bill now
before us. I have not examined it. The general
subject I have had before my mind.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is in sub-
stance the same provision, and if the Senator can-
not bring his mind to a conclusion in twelve
years, when will he be enabled to come to a con-
clusion ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. My mind
is made up conclusively, in regard to that; 1 am
against it, but 1 want to put it in as good a shape
as I can. The Senator from Tennessee ceitainly
misunderstands me. I say if it is to become the
law of the country, make it as judiciously and
wisely as you can, put it in good shape, with all
proper provisions. I will not offer a solitary
amendment myself. 1 will not try to kill it indi-
rectly. I will not try to maim it—just take it
squaiuly and fairly, let its friends perfect it—but I
am not willing to progress with it just now. My
mind has been made up, and very conclusively,
though on this special bill I have not bestowed
any particular attention. My purpose is not to
defeat the measure ultimately if it has strength
enough to carry it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is very ap-
parent that the Senator is against it under any
circumstances. It would make no dHferenee to
him what shape this bill mightassume, ultimately
or at present, he is against it. His object is to
defeat it. If he intends to defeat it, and is pro-
pared to meet the question, why not leave the bill
before the Senate, to take its chance wifh the
other business that is to come up? He is, con- !
fessedly, unalterably opposed to it; and why '
should he want to delay it, if it is not merely to
dispose of the question indirectly? Why post-
pone it? The next session will be the short ses-
sion,and it will be.said we have not tune to take
it up; and so it will be defeated again. I hope
the Senate will act at once on the subject.
Mr. CLAY. I wish tu make a lemark or two,
m reply to what has fallen fiomthe Senator frnm
Tennessee, before the vote is taken on tins bill
He aigues that public opinion is in favor of this
measure, and therefore it ought to be parsed; but,
admitting his premises, I do not agiee that Ins
conclusion is necessary, i do not think it is the
business of this Senate, or of the House of Rep-
resentatives, merely to reflect public opinion,
whether right or wrong. I do not think it becomes
us, us representatives of sovereign States, to run
after public opinion; but I think we should rather
load it; we should correct it when it js'wrong, and
should only follow it when it accoids with our
judgment, and when it is right.
Now, in respect to this homestead policy,
which the Senator says has been approved hy
public opmion. I dissent from him as to that con- j
elusion. I deny that it is approved by publicjudg- ]
mont. "Why, sir, fourteen years ago, an unfor- i
tunate son of genius, who represented one of the |
districts in my own State, originated the idea in i
this country of giving homos to iho homeless. !
Felix G. McConnell, of the Stafe of Alabama,
was in the habit, i believe, on all occasions when '
he rose to address the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, of suggesting his proposition for
a homestead for every man, matron, and maid in
the United States, who was the head of a family.
[Laughter.]
Air. HAMLIN. And widow.
Mr. CLAY. Then it, was treated with densinn.
About ei^ht years ago, the Senator from New
York, who poilmps is cntitlrd to the credit of
originating this measure in the Senate, offered a
bill, of winch this is a substantial copy, peihaps I
a literal one, and it received but two votes.
Mr. SEWARD. That is all.
Mr, CLAY. His vote and that of the then Sen-
atot from Wisconsin, (Mr. Wollcor.) Now, sir,
whence did this cry for land originate ? Not among
the people, but among their Representatives. The
public voice we hear is a meie echo of the voice
that was first raised in this body, or in the other
end of this Capitol. At one Umo I believe there I
was a large majority of the people of my own
State who favored this proposition. It was very
natural that they should favor it. When I came
into the Senate the larger portion of the lands
within my State belonged to the Federal Govern-
ment, or rather to the people of the United States.
A proposition to give a home to every man who
would go and settle upon it free of charge, was,
of course, a very acceptable one. u Every man is
a friend to him who giveth gifts," we are told by
Solomon, and such I found to be rny experience
in canvassing the district in which I resided. A
large majority, I believe, at that time were in fa-
vor of a homestead policy; and they had a better
excuse for favoring that policy than can be pre-
ferred in most other States.
The best lands in that State had been long sold.
Inferior and sterile lands, which were worth little
for the purpose of cultivation, and only valuable
for their minerals, were then in market. They
were unwilling, and in many instances unable,
perhaps, to give §1 25 an acre for land which
would scarcely sprout peas; and hence there was
a general cry for this homestead policy. But
since that time, in the year 1854, we passed the
graduation bill. Under that bill, lands which have
been in market for ten years, and unsold, are re-
duced from $1 25 to one dollar an acre; lands
which have been in market fifteen years have been
reduced to seventy-five cents an acre; twenty
years, to fifty cents an acre; twenty-five, to
; twenty-five cents; and thirty to twelve and a half
cents. Under this policy, there is not a foot of
land within my State that is now at the maximum
; price of #1 25. There is an inconsiderable por-
tion held at a dollar an acre. The largest portion
is reduced to twelve and a half cents; and almost
i any land can be had at fifty cents an acre.
! Now, sir, the people are satisfied with this
: reduction. They do not ask that the land shall
be given to them for nothing; they see that'll has
; been reduced according to its value; and they are
| willing to pay its value; and I believe at this time
: tins homestead policy would receive a very small
vote among the people of the State of Alabama.
I think that it will not obtain a single vote among
! the Representatives of that State in the other
! House of Congress. The same facts are true of
, the other southern land States, as they are gen-
erally termed; and 1 think ought to be true ot the
older northern land States.
: Hence there is, at this time, not the same rea-
: son for pressing this measure that existed four
years ago. Since then we have reduced the lands,
hy a giadual scale, to such a price that any man
, who is worthy of a home can buy it; for I hold
1 that any man who is not. willing to give twelve
: and a half cents, or even $1 25, an acie for lands,
under the preemption plan, is not entitled to a
home, does not deserve one as a gift, and would
not cultivate it well if you were to give it to him.
Why, sir, under the preemption law, one may
take possession of a tract of land, as I under-
stand the law, and hold it for twelve months—
after giving notice of his entry—before lie is re-
quired to make any payment; and, if he has any
industry and encigvand health, in that period of
time he can raise the money to pay for Ins land.
The man who is not willing to do that, or will not
take a tract of land at twelve and a half cents an
acre of the Government, I soy, is not worthy of
having it given to linn. Reeause that bill has
passed, nnd because 1 believe the people of my
own State have changed their views on this sub-
ject, 1 deny that, at this time, we have any proof
that the public voice demands the passage of this
bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think, sir, that the
honorable Senator from New Yoik has furnished
us an additional reason why we should vote at
once for the postponement of this bill. He pro-
poses to prolong this session; and one of the rea-
sons assigned for it, and, perhaps—from the man-
ner the gentleman has spoken—his principal rea-
son, is, that we may have time to discuss the
homestead bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Not to discuss it, but to
pass it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That involves discus-
Now, sir, I am not, and I think the nu-jor-
Uy
of the Senate are not, willing, upon such
grounds, to propose a prolongation of the session.
I am not willing to do it. There must bo some
measure of most urgent and pressing necessity
