316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
origin, in its progress, in its consummation, and
in its effects. I was opposed to the planting of
the seed, to its swelling and bursting into life, to
its spreading foliage, and I am opposed to the ripe
\ fruit which we are about to gather from it. Having
said that, I come back to say what the object of
the bill was.
I have but one rule by which to judge of the
objects of public acts, and that is, by reading
them; and thus seeing what their purport, their
meaning, their object, and their intent is, as em-
bodied in the bill itself. I do not go to the motives
of individual gentlemen who voted for the bill and
ask them what it means; and if 1 were in a court
of law, and the construction of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act was up, and I could bring the affidavit
of every man that voted for it, and that they
should swear that it was not their intention to in-
troduce slavery into any Territory or State, that
would not be received by the court; it would not
begin to raise a presumption as to what the in-
tention of the act was. But, sir, you must look
to the act itself, to the history of the times in
which it was passed, and to the state of things to
which it was made to apply, in order to get at its
object.
The Kansas-Nebraskabill on its face professes
to be a very harmless affair. The gist of it is
compused in these few lines:
<• It being the tine intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate *luvny into anv Tcnnoivoi State, nor to exclude
it tbriofVoti) ; but to loavp the people thereof perfectly fiee
to loim and ie?uiate thru domestic institution? in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the United
States."
We begin to understand something of the great
popularity of this bill at the South. Jt is because
Congress most graciously condescends to inform
the slave States that they do not mean to abolish sla-
very in those States—" it being the true intentand
meaning of this act not to" "exclude slavery from
any State." The representatives of those States
must have breathed more freely, as Mr. Webster
said on another occasion, when they were assured
that Congress did not mean to abolish slavery m
their States. We had said so individually, over and
over again; but, 1 take it, the public mind must
have been put at rest when it was embodied in a
solemn legislative enactment, that the Congress
of the United States did not mean to abolish sla-
very in any State. The art goes further, and as-
sures us of the free States that Congress did not
mean to legislate slavery into our States. Sir, this
was graoious and gratuitous. ] do not know how
gentlemen may receive it, but i tell the Congress
of the United States that when they declare that
they do not mean to legislate slavery into New
Hampshire, and when the Supreme Court of the
United States say they mean to adjudicate that it
is there oi is not there, I will fling it in their face
with the contempt, that such a gratuitous oiler
deserves, 1 shall have something to say about
the Supreme Court by-and-by; and lest I should
shock the sensibilities of some men who look with
groat reverence on that tribunal, I shall pre face
my remarks, m legard to it, with some extracts
from the writings ot Jefferson, as a sort of break-
ing-un plow, before 1 eome with a sub-soil one.
X shall come to that, however, presently.
I a\ei here that the object of the Nebraska bill
was to break down the barrier which separated
free territory from slave territory; to let slavery
into Kansas and make another slave State, legally
and peacefully jf you could, buia slave State any-
how. i gather that from the history of the times,
from the character of the bill, from thy measure,
the great measure, the only measure of any con-
sequence in the bill, which was the repeal of the
Missouri restriction. I knowgentlemen say they
did not mean it, but I cannot deal with individ-
uals. I must deal with the act and with the Gov-
ernment; I must deal with the puiport of the act,
and the policy of the Government m passing it.
I know no other rule by which to judge of an act
but to examine the natural and legitimate conse-
quences that are to follow from it. In discussing
this matter I may say some tilings that have been
said by others, and possibly some that have been
said by myself before; but the difficulty is, that
these obnoxious doctrines are pushed at us so fre-
quently that in meeting and resisting them it some-
times becomes necessary to travel over ground
which has been occupied before.
I say then, sir, that the rule by which to judge
of the intent, the objoctj the purpose of an act is
to see what the act is calculated to do, what its
natural tendency is, what will in all human prob-
ability be the effect. Before the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska act there stood upon your stat-
ute-book a law by which slavery was prohibited
from going into any territory north of 36° 30'.
The validity and constitutionality of that law had
been recognized by repeated decisions of the courts
of the several States. If I am notmistaken,I have
a memorandum by me showing that it had been
recognized by the supreme court of the State of
Louisiana. So far as I know, the constitution-
ality of that enactment was unquestioned, and the
country had reposed in peace for more than agen-
eration under its operation. By-and-by, how-
ever, it was discovered to be unconstitutional,
and it was broken down. The instant it was
broken down slavery went into Kansas; but still
gentlemen tell us they did not intend to let slavery
in; that was not the object 1 Let me illustrate
this. Suppose a farmer has a rich field, and a
pasture adj oining, separated by a stone wall which
his fathers had erected there thirty years before.
The wall keeps out the cattle in the pasture, who
are exceedingly anxious to get into the field.
Some modern reformer thinks that moral suasion
will keep them in the pasture, even if the wall
should bo taken down, and he proceeds to take
it down. The result is that the cattle go right in;
theexperimentfails. Tiiephilosophersays: "Do
not blame me—that was not my intention; but it
is true, the effect has followed." 1 retort upon
him: "You knew the effect would follow, and
knowing that it would follow you intended thatit
should follow."
But, sir, we are not without the book on this
subject, if we arc compelled to go to the avowed
declarations and sentiments of the gentlemen who
advocated the bill. An honorable Senator who
usually sits before me, but who is not now in his
seat—I mean the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Evans,] and I may say of him, what I
would not say if he were present, a man in whose
heart and in whose lips there is no guile and no
deceit, a man who could not utter a falsehood if
ho tried—in 1856 delivered a speech on this ques-
tion, in which he divulged and laid open, as his
own character, is the purpose he had in voting for
(ho bill. He was speaking for the South,and no
man of all the South controverted him and said
nay. I will tell you what he said—1 shall not use
ins very words, but I will state his argument
fauly. He referred to a declaration of the honor-
able Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
and said the Abolitionists had avowed that it was
their intention to abolish slavery m the Territories
and in the District of Columbia, and he appre-
hended that their purpose was to abolish it evei y-
w here when they could, and that they would, when
they got th-  power, abolish slavery, not only in
this District and in the Territories, but in the
States. IJe said that that consummation was to
be leached by an amendment to the Federal Con-
stitution authorizing Congress to do this, which
requires the assent of three fourths of the States,
and in this view of the controversy, one slave State
was as good as three free States, and therefore as
a guarantee against the encroachments of the anti-
xkueiy spirit, they wanted Kansas for a slave
State. Thutis the argument of the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina. It is the truth—no
more true after he said it than it was before; no
more palpable to any man who would notsee after
the avowal, than it was before.
That was the purpose, but the bill itself says
its object was to leave the people " perfectly free."
It seemed to intimate that we had a kind of free-
dom in this country before, but it was an imper-
fect sort. They were mere tyros, those old men
of the revolution, those gray-headed sages of the
Federal convention, hoary and venerable with age,
iipo with experience, honored and venerated for
their lives of fidelity and of valor; they had but
an imperfect notion of freedom. It was reserved
to the new lights of this latter day to discover and
proclaim to the world what perfect freedom was,
and the illustration was to be made m Kansas. I
shall trace the history of it presently. It seemed
to be implied that there never had been perfect
freedom in the formation of'any constitution be-
fore^ I stand here, sir, amid the representatives
of thirty-one States, a majority of whom, I think,
have emerged from a territorial condition to one
of State sovereignty; and I ask the Senators from
each and every one of them, if, in the formation
of your State constitutions, your people did not
enjoy perfect liberty ? Was any restraint imposed
upon you ? In the case of California, it was said
that her constitution was formed under the prestige
ofamilitary proclamation issued by General Riley;
but I ask the Senators from California, called as
that convention was, whether, when the delegates
got together, they did not exercise perfect free-
dom, and form and submit to Congiess just ex-
actly the constitution which the popular sense of
that State demanded? I ask the representatives
of those States carved out of'the Northwestern
Territory, where the great ordinance of freedom,
which is attempted to be stricken down, was in
force, whether, when they came to deliberate upon
the high question of the formation of a State con-
stitution, preparatory to their admission into the
Federal Union, they were not perfectly free? Was
any restraint imposed upon Ohio, that giant State
of the West ? Did she inscribe freedom upon her
constitution, contrary to the wishes of her people,
at any one's behest? Was it so in Illinois? Was
it so in Indiana? Has any State of this Union,
anywhere, formed a constitution and presented it
to Congress without the exercise of perfect free-
dom ? If there be any, let them speak. No, sir;
it is not true. Our fathers knew what perfect free-
dom was, and they exercised it. I have inquired
as to the new States, and no man gainsays me.
Now, let me ask how was it in the old States?
Were their constitutions formed under constraint,
or were the people of each and every one of these
coufedeiated States perfectly free in the forma-
tion of their constitutions? No one will deny that
tlicy enjoyed perfect freedom.
Having stated what I believe to have been the
object of the bill, I propose to inquire how per-
fect freedom has been carried out in Kansas.
Another term became popular about the same
time, about which I have a word to say, and I will
carry it along with perfect freedom, and that is
" popular sovereignty." What has been the his-
tory of the application of " perfect freedom" and
" popular sovereignty" to Kansas ? The people
of Kansas were to have the leal, the unadulter-
ated, the genuine "perfect freedom." They
were to illustrate the great doctrinc of popular
sovereignty as it never had been illustrated on
this continent before. What was the first step?
In the first place you made a code of laws for
these sovereigns. You would not let them begin
under their own laws. To start with, you piled
upon them every law that Congress, in its wisdom
or folly, had ever made from the beginning of the
Government to the passage of that act, except, as
Mr. Benton well said on another occasion, a little
short act, not as long as your finger, made ex-
pressly for them, and the only one in the wholo
nine volumes that was made for them, and that
was one abolishing slavery. That act you ex-
cepted; but you piled upon them every other law
you had passed without distinction, except those
which were locally inapplicable. You made a
Governor for them; you appointed their mar-
shals, their attorneys, and ail their officers; you
made their laws, and sent the men to administer
them. Thus you started them on the great career
of developing aud illustrating popular sovereignty.
What was the next chapter? You left to them
on paper the poor privilege of voting; and having
been flattorr d into the idea that they were a com-
munity of popular sovereigns, T suppose they
came together with high hopes of manifesting that
sovereignty at the first opportunity which pre-
sented itself, and that was when an election came
off for members of the Territorial Legislature.
When that came what did they find? Did a mob
go over from Missouri? No, sir. I will not do
them that discredit. There was not a mob, but an
aimy there—an atiny with flags flying, drums
beating, with tents and all the paraphernalia and
equipments of on army. They went over, took
possession of the Territory, drove the popular
sovereigns from the ballot-box, substituted the
cartridge-box for the ballot-box,elected theirown
men, and then went back over the river singing
their songs of triumph, and proclaiming thiough
the columns of the public papers in the State of
Missouri, the great victory which they, by their
prowess, had achieved. This was the second
illustration of popular sovereignty in the history
ofKan&as.
If 1 understand the history of the times, I am
