1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
••X is-
olation pasfed by the last Congress, which was
intended bjfijps-committee that reported it.
Mr. HUfWlfiR.. J ha<J always supposed that
the Assistairfftisuiiasters General were at the head
"of bureaus. Undoubtedly they are. I do not
know why this construction was given; but this
resolution is proper, in order to do justice.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MAJOR JAMES L.DONALDSON.
On mBtionofMr. KENNEDY, the bill (S.No.
145)ior the relief of Brevet Major James L. Don-
aldson, assistant quartermaster United States
Army, was read a first and second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the "Whole.
It provides for the allowance to Brevet Major
- James L. Donaldson, of a credit for the sum of
. $400, being the amount of public funds stolen
while in his possession as acting assistant quar-
l lermaster of the Army, near Monterey, in Mex-
ico,-on the of October, 1846.
The petitioner was acting assistant quarter-
master at Walnut Springs, before th.e city of
Monterey, Mexico, after the city was taken by
the American Army, (in the month of September,
, .1846,) and as such had in his possession public
funds to the amount of $400, which he kept m a box
or chest in his tent, this being the only means he
had of keeping it. On the 10th of October, 1816,
he had occasion to go to Monterey wiih Captain
Webster, the officer in command, on official busi-
ness, and left his tentin charge of a sentinel; dur-
ing his absence his tent was entered in the rem-
and the money stolen, and although the most dil-
igent search was immediately made, the funds
have, not been found, though the box was after-
wards discovered in the neighboring bushes rifled
of the money. Lieutenant Bowen, who occupied
the same tent, corroborates the statement of the
petitioner as to the circumstances of the robbery,
and gives it as his opinion that the amount lost
was $400. The testimony of the commanding
officer and of the non-commissioned otfieeis and
privates all support Major Donaldson V. statement;
and the Committee on Military Affairs being sat-
isfied that the money was lost without any negli-
gence or fraud on the part of the petitioner, report
a bill for his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL. SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Alien, its Glerk, announced that its
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill to create addi-
tional land districts in the State of California and
for other purposes; and it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore.
CAPTAIN CHARLES G. RIDGELV.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, the hill (S. No.
144) for the relief of Captain Ciiailes G. Ridgely,
of the United States Navy, was read a second lime
and considered as in Committee ot the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Captain Charles
G Ridgely of ^6,000 for extraordinary expenses
incurred when,he commanded the United Stall's
squadron in the Pacific ocean, in the years 18^1}
and 1821, in receiving and entertaining on boaid
of his ship the head officers of the Governments
in whose ports ho was, who were compelled to
seek a temporary refuge under the flag of the
United States, and for other extraordinary ex-
penses which he incurred in the execution of the
orders of the Navy Department.
Mr. BIGGS. 1 ask for the reading of the re- I
port in that case.
1 he Clerk proceeded to read the report made
by Mr, Polk from tta  Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, but was interrupted at one o'clock.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The Chair
will remark to the Senate that the hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order,
and this bill cannot be further proceeded with,
unless by an order of the Senate.
Mr. KENNEDY. I am inclined to think there
will be no objection raised to it at all. The bill
has passed the Senate, as well as the lower House,
on several occasions. There has been no objec-
tion to it before, and 1 think it can be disposed
of in a few moments. I move, therefore, that the
special order b'e passed oyer for a short time. i
March 29,
Mr. STUART. fthink it will 1>e hardly worth
while to do that. From the reading of the report,^
so far as it has gong* there is no Evidence of the
amount of expenditure at all; and, at all events,
it seems to me that it is likely to involve more or
less of discussion. I will say to the honorable
.Senator that hgvean take it up any other morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies over,
under the rule, the hour having arrived for the
consideration of the special order;*which is the
bill for the admission of the State of Minnesota.
ADMISSION OP MINNESOTA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 86)
for the admission of the State of Minnesota into"'
the Union, the pending question being on the
amendment offered by Mr. Mason, in section two
to strike out all after the word " Representative"
,in line two, to the end of the section, and insert
"in the Congress of the United States,"-so that
the section will read:
That the said State shall lie entitled to one Representa-
Uvc 111 the Congiess of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that there is
much reason fot the adoption of this amendment.
This new State can claim no more than the other
States. It can only aslc to be puton a footing of
equality with the other States. What would be
a footing of equality ? It would be this: if the ap-
portionment hcixl to be made now, we should di-
vido the total federal numbers by two hundred
and thiny-tnree; and we should apply the ratio
( thus obtained to Minnesota in common with all
the other States. She would thus be represented
j proportionately to the others with regard to her
: population. We can only come at it conjectural!y;
' but if we were to do that: if we were to take the
federal numbers, and suppose they had increased
at the rate of three and one third per cent, annu- '
ally, which is about the average lafe of increase j
of our population, as shown by the last census, i
it would he found, 1 think, that the ratio would j
be somewhere about one hundred thousand, or a I
little over. * If we apply that ratio to the actual
census (and we can have no other safeguard than
tile census taken aeccuding to law) it would leave
a fraction, not equal to half the latio, and she cer-
! tainly would not be cnti:led to be represented for
1 her fraction. I think, theiefore, that one mem-
ber !K as mueh as she can be entitled to, under
any fair view of the case For these reasons I
shall vote for the amendment.
Mr. PUCH1. If the Senate is disposed to vote
on the question 1 will desist; otherwise I should
like to make some reply to the suggestions made
! by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and j
1 the Senator fioni Kentucky, [Mr. Chittenden',] ■
at the last session of the Senate; hut if no other
! Senator wishes to speak [ will desist. ["Go
on."] The burden of their argument was, that
inasmuch as by the Constitution of the United,
j States there was a i^eneial census required to be
taken every ten years with a view to the nppor- i
tionment of Ilepresentatnes in the other House, ,
therefore the census required by the enabling act ;
of the last Confess to be taken in Minnesota is \
entitled to peculiar solemnity and even conclu-i
sivoness. That I understand to be the weight j
of the whole argument in favor of the pending ,
amendment. j
Now, sir, it is obvious, I think, or will be on :
reflection, that the legular decennial apportion-!
riient can have no manner of application to the !
ease of a new State. What is the object of that :
census: It is to ascertain the population of the <
various States at the time it is taken, with a view \
to the apportionment at that time of Representa-:
tives. That was done almost or quite eight years '
>' ago. It is impossible for us to imagine that this
j decennial census can rcaeh any degree of accu-!
, racy, or at least can retain its accuracy for any ^
i length of time. Hut the rule never was applied
, to the case of a new State; and it is only necessary '
: to look at the manner in which the last apportion-
| merit was made to be sati.-fied of that fact. As I
: understand the law, a particular number was as-
; sumed for the members of the House of Repre-
I sentatives; the House was not to exceed so many
I members,and that number was apportioned among
! the States then in the Union. The very principle
i of that apportionment excludes its application to
any new State. It can have no manner of appli-
cation; and no legitimate argument, in my judg-
ment, can be derived for that census. In fact, sir,
in the case of ajl the new States, we never have
attached any importance to the decennial census.
I do not mean to say that the ratio ascertained by
that act ought not to be regarded, though I say it
is not conclusive. But when it is sought from the
circumstances ofthelastcensus,and from the ratio
then ascertained, to Carry forward the argument
to the point of asserting that the census of Min-
nesota, taken under the enabling act of the last
Congress, stands on the footing of the decennial
census, and is eft titled to the same controlling
force, it seems to me that the inference entirely
fails.
Why, sir, not so far as I can ascertain or have
ever heard, has there been a census taken in the
ease of any new State except this one. This is
the first instance. We have settled the represent-
ation of all the new States before this time with-
out reference to any particular census. I. do not
mean to say that this census taken in Minnesota
ought not to be regarded; but I say that it is not
conclusive, and that it does not stand on the same
foundation withHhe regular decennial census. It
seems to me, therefore, that the line of argument
pursued by the Senator from Virginia, not now m
his seat, [Mr. Mason,] and the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden-,] is completely broken
by the suggestion of those two facts.
Now, on what principles are we to deal with
this discussion ? For the first time, so far as I am
aware, in an enabling act Congress required a
census to be taken in Minnesota. Has that census
been truly taken5 That is the question If it has
been truly taken it ought to bind us; but here the
Committee on Territories—I think a majority of
them, certainly several members—have stated to
us, that from the evidence in their possession,
they are satisfied the census was not a fair one;
that in many places the deputy marshals threw tfie
returns into the fue; that in other districts of coun-
try they did not pretend to complete them; that
m still otheis they made it a mere formal matter,
adding a few names; and the constitutional con-
vention, or rather this double-headed convention
in Minnesota, from the information which its
members had, and from official documents, I sup-
pose laid before them from the authorities of the
Territory or some other sources, arrived at the
conclusion that the population of Minnesota was
much larger than the official returns of the census
showed. I do not presume there can be a reason-
able question of that. I think that Minnesota has
far more population than would entitle her to two
Representatives according to the ratio established
by the last census.
My triend, the Senator from Kentucky, thought
we ought to regard the fact that our States have
been increasing in population since the last cen-
sus; thett wc should be entitled to an increased
representation ; and therefore, we ought to lestraiu
Minnesota. Well, sir, no doubt, in some sections
of the Union, there has been an increase of pop-
ulation since the census, and probably a right to
an increased representation; but that is not the
case in all parts of the Union; I will undertake to
say that it is not the case in a majority of the
States of the Union, it is not the case with any
of the Atlantic States. Their population has de*
creased since the last census; I do not know but
that the population of the State of Ohio has de-
creased since the last census, m proportion to the
whole Union. It has decreased by the emigra-
tion westward. Hundreds and thousands ofthe
very persons who have been enumerated m Min-
nesota, were citizens of the other States; and they
aided, whin their names were registered in the
census, in sendiifg Representatives - from other
States to tne House of Representatives. We
ought to consider that the largest proportion of
the actual lesidents of Minnesota are emigrants
from the old States; that they are no longer any
portionoi the political communities to whom iep-
resentation is assigned, and that many States are'
having a disproportionate representation m the
other House by reason of this very emigration.
There was a little controversy, notan unpleas-
ant one, but a little discussion, between the Sen-
ator frooi Virginia, not now in his seat, and the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Polk,] the other
day, m reference to the character of the popula-
tion of Minnesota; and it disclosed the ditfejeuee
between the residences of those two Senators.
The Senator from Vnginia is from an old settled
