1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
35th Cong....1st Sess.
De Visser and Villarubia—Mr. Slidell.
Senate.
It was a clerk's duty. Afterwards,on account of
his fidelity) as they believed, they raised his com-
pensation to fifteen percent, on the profits. He
had no capital, but instead of giving him a stand-
ing salary as clerk, they gave him a contingent
interest in the profits of the concern. He had. no
other duty to do but this particular one of pass-
ing goods through the custom-house, and they
took him on the recommendation of the parties
whom they bought out, who testified to his abil-
ity, fidelity, and good character. He discharged
this duty for the firm whom they bought out for
many years, without the least suspicion attaching
to him. No men have acted with more caution,
more prudence, more honor, or more integrity,
than these gentlemen. These are not ex parte
statements, but they have undergone judicial in-
vestigation, and the words used by the commis-
sioner of the United States, and the distncl attor-
ney, fully justify what 1 have said.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator from
Georgia will agree to allow this bill to lie over until
to-moriow, If he will agree to have the Govern-
ment secured in the payment of the amount actu-
ally due, I shall not object to the bill. I suppose
he will not pretend that these men are not re-
sponsible for fhe act of their partner.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not at all.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 do not want to enforce a
forfeiture, because I think there is a fair showing j
that this man was a logue, and that they confided i
in him; but I would not permit them to get rid of
the amount they actually owe the Government.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall not object to such an
amendment, though, according to my judgment,
I would relieve them even from that. ) think the
bill, m us piesonthhape, does not touch thatques-
tion. I do not thin k l!«h5'iU to require them to
pay these duties over a^am, because the frauds
would not have happened if theGovernment offi-
cers had not been to blame, tf the clerks in the
custom-house had made the calculations turning
the reals into our money, they might have known
what the duties were. The Government officers
took this clerk's statements, when the slightest
attention on tlnnr pait would have enabled them
to detect the fiaud. But, for the grossest negli-
gence of tiie woithless people who are generally
kept about custom-houses, the thing could not
have happened thtce times without detection-.
Some of the invoices, it is true, were forgeries;
  but most of the frauds were in the mere running
out of the calculations. If the Senate differ with
me, and say these panics shall be liable to duties,
at all events, let the Senate put in an amendment
requiring the duties to be paid.
The petition exhibits the facts as they were
tried before the court. Here is the ample testi-
mony of the judge who tried it, of the late district
attorney, and the present distnet attorney, and
of all the importing met chants of the city ot New
Orleans, as to the integrity of the transaction on
the part of these gentlemen. The proof is that
the Government officers knew all about the frauds
two days before th< y communicated with the part-
ners, and &;ave this man an opportunity to flee the
country, and after having done that, they bring
a suit against these gentlemen for forfeitures. 1
. think the course of the Government officers against
them has been extremely hard.
Mr. SIMMONS. I never like to mulct any-
body in damages for the fault of a partner, but I
think it would"be better to let this bill lie over for
the present.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is importance in carry-
ing it now.
Mr. SIMMONS. Not this day.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Georgia
has entered somewhat into the merits of the claim
upon the question of the postponement, which
shonld'have been answered by itself. I shall not
reply to the attacks, I think rather harsh, and in
some instances gratuitous, he has made upon tin'
officers of the customs at New Orleans. I should
be prepared to take the vote now, without further
delay; but that the Senate may understand this
question, I will state that these frauds run back
four or five years. I will state the character and
extent of them, and I will then endeavor to relieve
the officers of the customs from this charge of
gross negligence and incapacity which has been
so freely indulged in.
Mr. Metcye, the person who was the active agent
in committing these frauds, (and it is unnecessary
forme to repeat again that I absolve his partners
from any moral complicity, though they have legal
liability,) has been a partner in this house five or
sixyears. Themannerin whichihe frauds were
perpetrated is not such as the Senator from Geor-
gia represents. I do not think he understands
the particulars of the case. Sugars are sold in
Havana at so many reals the arroba. The arroba
is about a fourth of a quintal of sugar—twenty-
five or twenty-eight pounds. It is always sold
at so many reals the arroba. The weights and
prices of the sugar were correctly stated in the
invoices. Perhaps the invoices do not give the
exact amount, and in that opinion, I think, my
friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] who
is so exceedingly anxious to have the mode of
the valuation changed, would agree with me.
These gentlemen have been large importcis of
sugar from Havana for many years. As I said
before, wc will suppose that the price given for
sugar was an honest and fair price; but in the par-
ticular instance on which the court passed there
was an importation of two hundred boxes of su-
gar. A box of sugar contains about sixteen or
eighteen arrobas. Then the invoice would be in
these words: "two hundred boxes of sugar, con-
taining three thousand six hundred arrobas, at so
many reals per arroba." If it had been carried out
so many pounds of sugar at so many cents per
pound, the most negligent clcik, in running his
eye over the calculations, would at once have seen
that there was a mistake or a fraud m them. But
the Senate will very well understand that, unless
a minute critical examination was made of every
multiplication and addition in this invoice, it
might very well escape the observation of a clerk.
These frauds began on the 2d of August, 1854.
The first importation was three hundred and thir-
ty-five boxes of sugar. The invoice amount was
$5,544, and the correct amount was $6,573, the
amount of excess $1,029 72, and the duty on ex-
cess $308 91. It is unnecessary for me to do more
than state that a great many entries were made
of the same character, probably forty or fifty in
number, the aggregate between the invoices as
carried out by the additions and multiplications
being $289,000 when it should have been $371,000.
The amount which these invoices fraudulently
represented less than the realamount was $81,725,
the duty on which was $24,517. Now this sys-
tem of fraud was continued without intermission
during the whole period of four years, until it was
discovered under the administration of the col-
lector who was recently appointed.
Mr. Mete ye, whom it is now sought to reduce
to the humble capacity of clerk, merely to do cus-
tom-house business, was a full partner of the
house of De Visser & Co., authorized to use their
signature in eveiy transaction, held out by them
to the public as their partner, and entitled to the
same degree of confidence in the community as
any one of the members of the firm. That, I
presume, will not be disputed. Tie was, in every
sense, a full, equal partner in the concern, except
as regarded the participation in the profits. He
had fifteen per cent, profits of the concern. In
the course of four years he managed to embezzle
twenty-four or twenty-five thousand dollars. I
do not know what his habits were. Men very
seldom steal money fiom their employers or the
Govei nment unless they have extravagant habits,
and 1 think it is fair to presume that such was Mr.
Meteye's character; and if it were so, his part-
ners ought to have been cognizant of' it, if they
exercised proper discretion. It is very easy. It
may not be so in New York, but m a town like
New Orleans, containing a population of one hun-
dred andfifty or one hundred and sixty thousand,
a man who is enjoying a revenue of three or four
thousand dollars a year, cannot very well spend
thiee times that amount without attracting public
attention towards his habits of extravagance, and
his partners ought to be the first men to know it;
but, unfortunately, too often they are the very
last.
Now, the question is, whether it is consistent
with public interest, with public policy, and, I
may say, with good morals, to let innocent pavt-
j ncrs of a commercial firm escape, scot free, from
; the delinquency of men whom they have chosen
to put in that confidential position towards the
general public, and towards the Government? He
enjoyed this confidence at the custom-house, be-
cause he was the partner of De Visser, and went
there as such. These frauds probably could not
have been perpetrated by him unless he had been
the partner of a great commercial firm, for all we
know  
Mr. BENJAMIN". My colleague will remem-
ber that it is proven here that he had been the en-
tering clerk at the custom-house for a long scries
of years for their predecessors.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think it will also appear
that ho has been their partner for the last four
years.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not dispute that. I say-
that did not give him credit at the custom-house.
He was palmed on them, as well as on the cus-
tom-house.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senate so understands
the 
Mr. PUGH. I want to ask the Senator from
Louisiana a question. I do not understand the
civil law, but I ask on what principle he calls this
man a partner? Pie would not be so at common
law, but simply a clerk.
Mr. SLIDELL. Iam as ignorant of the com-
mon law as the Senator professes to be of civil
law. I hope he knows a little more of the one
than I do of the other. ButMr. Metcye was a full,
complete partner, in every souse of the word; he
had as full i ights towards the public, as every other
member of the firm. His signature bound the
firm. The gentleman shakes his head. He has
just declared he knew nothing of the civil law;
and when 1 give it to him as it is, he intimates his
dissent.
Mr. PUGH. 1 understood the gentleman to
say there was no ditTeieuce.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 say there is no difference,
under our system of laws, on this subject. But
the gentleman shakes his head, after appealing to
me for information.
Mr. PUGH. The gentleman said there was no
distinction.
Mr. SLIDELL. I say there is no distinction.
In every sense of the word he was a full and com-
plete partner under the civil law.
Mr. PUGH. Ah!
Mr. SLIDELL. I profess to know nothing of
the common law. Now, I come to the charge of
gross carelessness on the part of the custom-house
officers. If the Senate understand the explanation
I have already given of the manner m which these
frauds were made, accompanied by some other
circumstances, I think that chasge of gross care-
lessness cannot be brought home to the officers of
customs. That seems to be a point very much
insisted upon. The inadequacy of the force atthe
New Oileans custom-house has been very often
represented. I was perfectly satisfied of the fact
myself, and have called the attention of the Gov-
ernment to it on repeated occasions. 1 havejiever
been able to obtain for the officers of the customs
there the same degree of aid in the discharge of
their duties that has been extended to other cus-
tom-houses. We live in a remote and not a very
important section of the country, and we do not
receive quite as much attention here as others do.
At any rate it is a fact that I assert, from my own
knowledge, that the clerical aid of the custom-
house has been, and now is, totally inadequate to
the proper discharge of the duties of the officer of
the customs m the protection of the revenue.
The character of the business at New Orleans
is very different from that at New York, and other
large importing towns in the country. We have
a very large number of small merchants who im-
port assortments of every variety of merchandise,
and our invoices frequently occupy folios, col-
umns of entire sheets of paper* half a dozen of
them combining every possible variety of articles
and every variety of price. The importations at
the North are almost exclusively made by large
merchants, who import m packages of great value,
and then sell out to the retailers. Such is not the
character of the principal importing trade of New
Orleans.
Now, I say it was physically impossible, with
the number of clerks employed in that branch of
the service at New Orleans, to have collated all
the invoices that were sent to them, and gone
