1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
community. My friend, the Senator from Mis-
souri, is from a new country; and he understood
much better than the Senator from Virginia what
was the character of this population. The great
bulk of the settlers of Minnesota—I mean the
agricultural portion of them—have gone there for
the purpose of clearing their farms and building
their.cabins. They have not yet taken their wives
and their children, because it is not the habit of
the agricultural population, at least in the north-
ern and middle States, when they migrate, to take
their families with them, until they have provided
homes for them. The residence of these people
is in Minnesota; they intend that their families
shall be there; and it is only because they have
not yet fully prepated their homes that their fam-
ilies are not now in them. Yet this census has
been taken in such a way as to exclude a large
portion of that which will be the population of
Minnesota. The Senator from Virginia thought
that most of the settlers were young men and un-
married. Piobabiy in the towns that may be true
to a great extent; but the character of the agri-
cultural population which migrates to the West is
not that. A young farmer marries his wife, and
then he goes out to the West to locate his farm.
It seems to me, therefore, that we have no con-
stitutional obligation, as the Senator from Vir-
ginia seems to think, at alt on the subject, except
that we shall not give an undue representation to
any State, new or old. Wo are pursuing the pol-
icy which has always been pursued with the new
States, looking upon them as rapidly increasing
in population, taking notice of tin; fact that of the
famihrs, of the women and children, who will
inhabit the State, very few of them are there at
present. Congress has always dealt liberally by
them; and if Congress does not dual Ubemlly by
Minnesota, she will make an exception.
But it is suggested, m addition, that there will
be very great injury to the southern section of the
Union by giving more than one Representative to
Minnesota. I would not allude to this, for I be-
lieve I am as little in the habit of alluding to sec-
tional arguments as almost any Senator on the
floor, but inasmuch as several gentlemen fiom
the South have alluded to it, I ieol at liberty to
speak on that point. Now, sir, the Senate has
passed a bill for the admission of Kansas into the
Union. I do not suppose that any one seriously
pretends that there are more than fifty thousand
people in Kansas. I doubt if there are. There
are certainly not ninety thousand; I think it will
not be pretended by any one that there are eighty
thousand; yet we give her one Representative in
the other House. When we come to the case of
Minnesota, we find that she has an actual popu-
lation, according to this census, of one hundred
and lifty thousand, and according to the best evi-
dence we can get showing the insufficiency of this
census, and ieferring, therefore, to other sources
of information, her population is brought up to
nearly or quite two hundred thousand people:
can gentlemen complain of unfairm ss in allowing
her lis re i' members' What would be more unfair
than that Kansas, if she is to be a slavchoiding
State, (and ] do not care whether she is such or
not, if her people wish lu-r to be so,) should be
represent'd m (lie other Ilonse by one ilepiesent-
ative, and the gieat empire of Minnesota be rep-
resented only by one? J am no enemy to the
extension of the institutions of either section of
the Unio.i, 1 want them to wherever the people
wish to have them; but I object to th<> Proei ustean
system, that because one of them is rot developed
quite, as fast as the other, that oth> r shall have
this absolute and arbitrary rule applied to her.
Minnesota has three tinn s, four times, five times,
the population of Kansas, and she ought to have
her full representation, and she ouedit not to be
reduced down. My own conclusion is from the
information derived from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and from other sources, that tins census
which was ordered to be taken by the enabling
act of Congress was never perfectly taken.
Mr. COLLAMER. There was no information
whatever before the committee,except the census.
Mr. PUGH. t understood the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Green*,] the other day, to state
that he had letters and papers in his drawer
showing the facts i have stated.
Ml\ COLLAMER. I do notknowwhathehas
got. The committee had no mfoimaUon on the
subject except the census.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Missouii was
satisfied,and the Senator ftom Illinois was satis-
Red, as to the real numbi rof the population, and
the imperfection of the census. I take it, then-
means of information ore greater than mine, j
They correspond with all that I have ever heard j
as to the population of this new State
This enabling act has a double aspect. The
enabling net is a contract on both sides. When
one of the Senators elect from Minnesota pre-
sented his credentials, some weeks ago, and de-
manded to be sworn in, on the ground that Min-
nesota had complied with the conditions of the
enabling act, and was therefore entitled to admis-
sion, we lejceted his application because there
was such informality in the proceedings of the
State, that we denied that the contract had been
executed on her pait. Minnesota had a right to
require of us a perA-ct census. That is a condi-
tion which we agreed to perform. We took this
census; she did not; we took it by marshals of
the United States; it was not her act: and when
it is shown to us substantially that, from the lack
of proper compensation for our own officers, or
from the neglect of our own olficers, or from the
difficulty of the woik to be performed, we on our
side have not given Minnesota an honest census,
the least wc can do is to allow her constitutional
convention to act for the present, and then adopt
the suggestion of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] and give her a new census, and appor-
tion her representation finally according to the
result of a tiue census.
These are the reasons which will induce me,
as I said before, to vote against every proposition
which restricts Minnesota to one Representative.
I believe she is fairly entitled to linee Represent-
atives, and I shall vote to give her three. If the
Senate does not agree to give her three, I shall
then vote for two. I shall vote for the most that
I can carry. 1 think she js entitled to the whole
thiee, and I hope the Senate will allow them.
Mr. PITCH. The restriction proposed to he
imposed by the amendment is wrong; and I am
very sure if the Senator from Virginia knew as
much of the population of Minnesota as other
Senators do, he never would have moved u. The
Senator from Ohio has well haid that the defect of :
the ccnsus was our own fault; the fault of the ;
Government. It was entirely so. The enabling l
act provided, it is true, that a census should be !
taken; but if provided no means for taking it; and
I understand that the contention which framed ,
the constitution now before us, asked that instruc-
tions and blanks, and other moans for taking the 1
census, might be sent to the Government offi.-ers -
in the Terr.tory; but their request never was com-
plied with, it was utterly impossible, then-foit',
that any perfect census should betakm. None
was taken. One half, or nearly half, the vturns
are simply estimates made by the assistant mar-
shals in thi-n* rooms, without taking the iield to
ascertain the exact number of inhabitant^.
Tins was wc-ll understood by the members of
the constitutional convention, and they, conse-
quently, hoping for more correct returns, post-
poned their own local apportionment until tiie hu>t
moment, until the constitution was framed in otiu r
respects, and it became absolutely essential that
they should agree on some manner of apportion-
ing the prospective State for its local or State rep-
resentation. They made this apportionment on
knowledge possessed by the members of the con-
vention—members who had come up fresh from
every portion of the Territory, and who were in-
finitely better judges of the amountof population ;
than the deputy marshals, who never went, m .
several instances, beyond their own dwellings to ■
ascertain the number of inhabitants. The mem-
bors of the convention made their estimate upon !
their own pei <>'.>.>I knowledge, and by compan- ■
son of notes on t-.f part of those from different •
portions of t\,  T< rritory; and there is a snfi- 1
cienoy of local valousy there to prevent any one
poi non of the Territory obtaining any undue in-
fhr-nee or advantage in representation over the
others. It is known that the constitutional con-
vention consisted, m fact, of two bodies. They ,
had their mutual political as well as local preju- ;
dices. |
Mr. GREEN. I ask permission of the Sens- j
tor from Indiana to interrupt him for a moment. 1
Mr. PITCH. Certain! v.
Mr. GREEN. I understood the Senator from '
Vermont to express himself as having forgotten
that there was any evidence before"i3Se committee
showing that returns had been burnet by deputy
marshals, or that any refused to act. 1 wish to
call attention to a letter, a copy of which was sent
to us, and was before our committee, previous
to the time when this bill was reported. I will
read it:
0*ripe of the United States Marshal,
St. Paul, Minnesota, December 23,1857.
k.ir : I have tbiwarcU-d to your Pepaj orient, a& by instruc-
tions, the census returns of the dift'eient counties of the
lerritory, as they have been received and examined at this
OU1CO.
No return-* have vet been received from the counties of
JMovvei, Waseca, Nicollet, Le Sueur, Sibley, Manomia,
Pierce, (Ja&s, Milie Lac, Itasca, k'embma, and a part of
1' llhnoi c—ne.ii-]y one halt of the Temtmy, geographically,
and embracing an as ea of thirty-three thousand two hundred
and eigluy-pix square miles.
Evetj exeiuou lias been made on my pan to get thiough
with the census of the Teiritoiy, and repoit finally upon it
bctoie the meeting of Congress. Many causc* have oper-
ated to produce the delay. The work was commenced too
late in the j-ea^on for a latitude like thid, where traveling in
the uinter over noithern prairies is a matter both difficult
and hazardous It was, moieover, veVy difficult to get
pioper and competent officers to undertake the work,"for
tiie compensation provided by the law of Congress for the
census of 1850.
in many counties of large extent and few inhabitants,
the compensation Will not more than cover, if it does at all,
the tuivehng expenses of the assistants. The expense is
necessaiily much greater in this Territory than in the
States. Several of the assistants who commenced the
work, threw it up. some on accountof the inadequate com-
pensation, others from sickness and business engagements.
The assistant for Sibley county, after being engaged in mak-
ing the enumeration for more than a month, refused to make
his i<'tiirn>-, and burned them, rather than the Government
should have them for the pay. All of the.*e causes have
made mv i etui ns back waul. I have wntten, however, and
hcnf to the a-^i^tums of the counties not heard from, and
appointed new ones m those counties, and will forvvaid re-
tum as «oon as they are leceived and examined- I would
respectfully lequest that an appropriation be made to de-
fray the expense of this census m a more liberal rule than
that of l^oU.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM It. GERE,
Unite-1 Sittes Marshal.
| Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary oj the Interior.
Mr. COLLAMER, There is no intimation that
those returns, so far as they went, were not ail
good. There were some counties he had not yet
finished, several of which he has since returned.
. Mr. FITCH. The writer of that letter himself
states that there is very little reliance to be placed
on the census, and the reason he alleges for an
imperfect census should satisfy any one that no
reliance can be placed upon it.
Mr. COLLAMER. He does not say that no
reliance can be placed upon it.
Mr. FLTCII. But there is enough in his letter
to wem-nt our inference thjt it is entitled to no
reliance. The census was imperfectly taken, as
the officer under whose direction it was taken
informs ns. Th^ estimates on which the conven-
tion noted were made by representatives from cvei y
portion of the Territory, who must be assumed
to he acquainted with almost every voter within
th'-ir several precincts. They had no motive for
over-estimating the population; they could have
none; and even if a representative m some par-
ticular locality in the Territory had such motive,
the motive would be suspected, and his actum
counteracted by jealousy on the part of the rep-
resentatives from other localities.
ft hay been my good fortune to have traversed
a considerable portion of the Territory at (he time
tins census was bein^ taken; and, therefore, 1 enn
speak from personal observation of the manner in
which it was taken, and likewise from person,ai
observation of the number of inhabitants m mucin
of the Territory. I know, in the immense dis-
tricts assigned to the deputy maibhals, it would,
even if the pay was hbeiol, have been quite diffi-
cult, if not impossible, for them to make the cen-
sus within the time it was expected. Along the
hordeis of the rivers and the groves the popula-
tion of a considerable portion of Minnesota is as
dense as that of almost any other northwestern
State. It is true tha* there are large districts not
yet densely populated; but it. is equally true that
into those districts the tide of emigration is rap-
idly setting, and while this bill is under discus-
sion in ihe Senate, hundreds are being added to
the population of that Territory. Wo may prop-
erly make allowance for this increase, therefore,
as well as for the population in being at the time
the census purports to have been taken.
I remember to have hoard it said in the other
House sonic years since by a then Representative
