2128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
J
so aa to make it read, " An act increasing the ap-
propriations for collecting the revenues from cus-
toms. "
Mr. J. GLA.NCY JONES. I object to that.
Itdoes not increase the appropriations one dollar.
TARIFF INVESTIGATION.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I wish to submit a report from the tariff
investigating committee, accompanied by a reso-
lution, for the purpose of having it printed.
The resolution reads as follows:
Resolved, That the committee be d^citarffed from the
further consideration of the fuhjcct, and that tin; report}
with the evidence, be punted.
Mr. MOORE. I ask to submit a minority re-
port.
Mr. PUR.VIANCE. Not concurring in the
views of the majority, I desire to submit another
minority report.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; I will modify
the resolution so to embrace boili minority re-
ports, and will call the previous question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I wish to know if there is
any other resolution accompanying therepoit?
Mr. STANTON. There is not.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr, STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DELEGATE FROM MINNESOTA.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I rise to a question of
privilege. I offer the following resolution:
Rcsolreil, Tliat tbe Com'iiittee of Election^ lie nuthoii/.rd
to inquire into and n poit upoii tin1 ujht ot \V. \Y Kin:*-.,
fourv to a sent upon tin- tlooi as DclviMte fiom tli.it pint of
tile Temtoiy oi Minnesota outvie the Stale limits.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish, m con-
nection with that proposition, to present the me-
morial of Mr. Alpheus G. Fuller, asking admis-
sion to a seat in the House of Representatives,
from the sumo poilion of the Territory, with his
credentials; and move that they he referred at the
same time to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. KELSEY. I arise to a question of order.
Is it in order to present the credentials of anybody
olaiming a seat in the H ouse ax a Delegate from a
Territory, when wc know that no such Territory
has ever heen organized by Congress5 1 submit
that the proposition cannot he entertained as a
question of privilege, because we know judicially
that no such territorial government exists. I make
the point that, the resolution cannot be icceived as
a question of piivilege.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit this
point: that the State of Minnesota does not em-
brace the whole of the tertilory included in the
Territory of Minnesota.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in response to
the gentleman from New York, will say that,
some two or three days ago he was embarrassed
as to the propriety of recognizing the Delegate
from Minnesota, Mr. Kingsbury, who has con-
tinued to occupy a seat upon the floor as a Dele-
gate from the Territory of Minnesota. The Chaii
took it for granted that when the Territory was
admitted into the TJmon as a State, the person
theretofore occupying a seat as Delegate ceased
to hold any such position. But somewhat to his
surpnse, in looking back into the history of two
or three precedents, he found that Delegates had
been allowed to retain their s ats after the States
had been admitted. Such was the fact in Michi-
gan and Wisconsin. But for the precedents the
Chair would have sustained the question of order;
but in view of them ho will be constrained to
overrule the question of otuer; and he would be
very glad to have the House relievo him from the
responsibility of deciding whether the gentleman
who was the Delegate from the former Territory
of Minnesota shall be recognized or not.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to appeal from the
t decision of the Chair; and it is for the purpose of
having the question decided at once. 1 suppose
it is a question upon which no new light will be
thrown by reference.
Mr. HARRIS, from Illinois. Is this appeal
debatable?
Mr, KELSEY. I have the right to state the
grounds of my appeal. I wish to state that these
precedents, I have no doubt, are in cases where
no attention has been called to them.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will allow me
a moment further. He will find in the case of
Sibley, who came here as a Delegate from the
portion of Wisconsin Territory left out when
Wisconsin was admitted as a State, that there was
a controversy on the question; that it was referred
! to the Committee of Elections, and that majority
j and minority reports were make to the House,
i He will find the report in the reports of the Com-
■j jnittee of Elections for the second session of the
Thirtieth Congress. There are m that instance
two cases cited where Delegates were admitted
when portions of Territories were left out on the
admission of new States.
Mr. KELSEY. That should not Und this
House, for the reason that there is now no terri-
torial organization in existence known as the
Territory of Minnesota, and this Delegate can rep-
resent no territorial organization unless it is one
created by Congress.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be re-
ported , and the gentleman will see that it docs not
conflict with his view of the question.
The resolution was again reported.
Mr. KELSEY. Having drawn out tills in-
formation from various gentlemen, I now with-
draw my appeal, and hope that the whole subject
will be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order to move that
this matter be referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, pending
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HUGHES, Thequestion is, whether there
is a territorial organization there or not?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am satisfied that
there is no Territory theie, and 1 therefore rno\e
that the whole subject be laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mi. BOGOOK. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, I would like to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a point of order. My
question of order is this: The gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. C.v\ ax uroii] subniMs a resolution
of inquiry as to the light of the Delegate from
Minnesota to sit upon this floor. The gentleman
from Illinois [Air. llAn.ui->] then presents the cre-
dentials of some other party claiming to represent
the same Tenilory, and he calls for the pievnms
question on the motion to refer those credentials
to the Committee of Elections. I submit that these
two questions are totally foreign to and differ-
ent from each other. The question as to whether
Mr. Kingsbury has a right to a seat upon this
floor as a Delegate from that portion of the Ter-
ritory of Mmnesotanotembraced within the limits
of the present State, is a very different question
from that whether Mr. Fuller has been duly
elected. The one question ought to go to the
Committee of Elections; and the othci ought to be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken by the gentleman, that both subjects can-
not be disposed of together, except by the consent
of the House. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Harris,] however, can present those credentials
after the resolution shall have been presented.
Mr. BOCOCK, With the. permission of the
gentleman from Illinois, I will propound a ques-
tion with a view to set1 wheihei a difficulty which
may <.uise, could be ob\aited. I Wcmt to know
what will be the condition of the gentleman who
makes the claim here*, whether lu; will be rccog-
mzed as a member of thi^ House while this in-
vestigation is pending? Will Mr. Kingsbury, in
thr  mean time, and while th is investigation is going
on, be a member of this House? 1 propose to
add the proviso, that until the committee reports,
there shall be no Delegate recognized from that
Teriitory upon this floor.
Mr. HARRfS, of Illinois. The resolution to
which the gentleman has referred was introduced
by the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Cava-
naugii,] and not by myself; and of coursc I have
no control over it. if the gentleman wishes to
propose that amendment, I will withdraw the call
for the previous question, in order that he mav
do it.
Mr. BOCOOK. I propose the amendment I
have suggested.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I accept the amendment
as a modification of my proposition.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. We have other
business to attend to; and as I am not disposed to
unnecessarily occupy the time of the House with
this matter, I renew the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Before voting on the
credentials presented by the gentleman from Ilii-
nois,I desire to have them read. My impression
is that they do not come from any organization
or pretended organization of the inhabitants of
Minnesota, but from an organization in Dacotah.
Mr. GROW. There aie some live or six or-
ganized counties 
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I withdraw the call
for the previous question, to state to the gentle-
man that theie weie two organized counties out-
side of the limits of the State, and some four coun-
ties created by law, but which were not formally
organized, but in which people were residing.
Mr. KELSEY. With the gentleman's per-
mission, 1 will ask him a question. Is thercany
Governor, Secretary, or Legislative Assembly
there now, for this Territory of Minnesota or
Dacotah ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There arc officers
in these counties to which I have leferred who
have been appointed and tlectcd m conformity
wiih law, and are now performing their official
functions. How numerous the population is, I
do not know, nor is it necessary to inquire.
Mr. KELSEY. Are they not county, and not
territorial officers?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. They are county
officers, deriving their authority from the territo-
rial power of Minnesota, and acting in conformity
with law.
Mr. CLARK 13. COCHRANE. I would like
lo uiquue whether the counties referred to were
within the limits of Minnesota?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
had paid attention, lie would have heard me state
ihatthey are. not within the present limits of the
State of Minnesota, but altogether outside of it.
The sitting Delegate claims that he represents the
people outside of the State limits, and who as-
sisted in his election; and according to the prece-
dent he ought to hold his position as their Dele-
gate. On the other hand, 1 present the memorial,
the facts embraced in which i know nothing
about, setting up that Mr. Fuller was elected by
the people of the same counties, and ought to rep-
resent them. I renew the call for the previous
question.
Mi. HOUSTON. To what does the call for
previous question apply5
The SPEAKER. Only to the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I desire to move that
the other branch be referred to the Committee on
Territories, in order that we have a report fiom
that committee whether there is, or not, a territo-
rial organization there.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will answer the
gentleman that there is no regular territorial or-
ganization there.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make the motion that it
be referred to the Committee on Teiritories.
Mr. DEAN. Is debate in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DEAN. Then I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The motion to re-
fer to the Committee of Elections has precedence.
The SPEAKER. Thcic is no other motion
pending:,
Mr. HUGHES. I moved to refer to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The SPEAKER. The motion could not be en-
tertained, because the pievious question waspend-
liig.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The previous ques-
tion called by myself was upon the resolution
presented by the gentleman from Minnesota,
and not upon the other, for it is not before the
House
Mr. HUGHES. I lise to a question of order,
which I wish to present to the consideration of
the Chair, as I regard it of grave importance. A
Delegate from Minnesota has already heen ad-
mitted to his seat, and now holds it unless he has
