366
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 14,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
JJ'c Vhscr end Villarubia—Mr. Cellamef.
Senate.
through all the additions. They were obliged, to
a certain extent, to trust to the good faith of the
parties with whom they were acting. It would
take a clerk a whole clay to go over a French in-
voice, for instance, of a milliner from Havre, six
or seven hundred articles of goods, all in small
quantities and at different prices. It would, per-
haps, require more expenditure, in the way of
clerks, than the thing would be worth, if it were
practicable*, hut at any rate, whether that be so
or not, they had not the means of doing it. It is
proved, by the documents on file in the Depart-
ment here, that it was utterly impossible for the
clerks of the custom-house to have gone through
a minute examination of all the additions m every
invoice that was presented. Since then—since
this fraud has been discovered—they have relaxed
in somedegree from the seventy of their rule, and
I think they have given one or two'additional
clerks to this branch of th<^service, and it is prob-
ably better conducted now than it was then.
Now, as regards the personnel of the custom-
house, the gentleman under whose administration
this fraud was delected, and who is nowaceused
with all the others, en masse, of gross dereliction
of duty, of utter incompetency, of bad adminis-
tration, had not been m office more than four or
five weeks when the frauds were detected, and
they have been running through a scries of yeais.
The Government is indebted to the vigilance of
the officers of the customs for the detection of tins
fraud; and I think if any benefit is to be derived
from the forfeiture, they are fairly entitled to then-
share, beci\nsc,if thediscovety had not been made
by them, the example would probably have been
imitated by others, and the revenue would have
been subjected to immense loss. So far as regards
the collector of the port of New Orleans, I pre-
sume, then, that he is scarcely amenable to the
charge of incompetency, unfaithfulness, and care-
lessness in the discharge of his duty.
I do not know enough of the mechanism of the
custom-house to give any pieeise details on the
subject, but I belie ve the form is this: goods first^o
to the appraiser's office; they are there examined;
one or two packages out of a certain number are
opened to find if they correspond in their con-
tents with the invoice. Then the next examina-
tion is diiected to whether the prices are fairly
charged- That is the duty of the appraisers. I
presume the appraisers have nothing to do with
the addition. They simply fay, we have exam-
ined the goods and are satisfied the invoice gives
a concct account of what is contained in the dif-
ferent packages; and as far as we are able to judi>e
the price appears to be in accordance with that
usually charged for similar articles m the port
from whence they were shipped. They make
their rutin n that the invoice in coireet. It goes
to the collector's office. There the invoice is
looked over and the calculations are made of the
amount of duties to be levied. From that office
they'ire sent to the naval officer who verifies the
correctness of the calculations made in the cus-
tom-house proper. When the whole examination
has been made, the amountofduties is pronounced
to be liquidated at a certain sum, and the importer
pays them. He generally deposits m advance an
amount sufficient to covei the duties.
I repeat that Mr. 1 Jatch, the collector of the cus-
toms—and as I said before, he had been in office
but three weeks when the discovery was made—
is not responsible for past neglect. I here take
occasion to say that we had at New Orleans pre-
vious to the appointment of Mr. Hatch, the most
incompetent eroilector that has ever filled any po-
sition ofequal importance under the Government.
I used every proper effort under the past Admin-
istration to have him removed. Everybody ad-
mitted his incompetency, but theie weie certain
reasons why lie wac kept in office, to which it is
not necessary for me to advert. When the new
Administration came into power, they changed
the collector, and one of the first fruits of that
change was the discovery of these frauds that had
been gomgon for three or four years. I think the
Senator fiom Georgia will now"acquit the collec-
tor of blame.
Mr. TOOMBS. T spoke of the custom-house
officeis, wliose duty it was to make these exam-
inations., and 1 spoke by the sworn testimony m
court, from which jt appears they never exam-
ined one of them until they discovered the fraud,
and they swore it was their duty to do it. I spoke
by the card; for I have the oath of the custom-
house officers on that point.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no doubt they did ex-
amine, but did not give that particular examina-
tion necessary.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to disabuse myself of
having given an incorrect statement about these
gentlemen. I have spoken on the sworn oaths
of the men whom I charge with negligence. I
think it is giving fair chance to let them give their
own story.
Mr. SLI DELL. Who are the men you charge ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The custom-house officers
whose duty it was to examine the papers as pre-
sented. I charge it on what I have before me,
the testimony of two or three of them. Joseph
Genois, sr., was one.
Mi-. SLIDELL. Ho is the naval officer. Of
course, he never looked at the examination.
Mr. TOOMRS. One of them swears it was his
business. Mr. John McLoughlin was another,
and Mi. Capdeviile swears it was his business.
Mr. J. It. Conner was sworn also, and Mr. Itelf.
The man who discovered it, 1 think, was Mr.
Conner. 1 have read through the case.
Mr. SLIDELL. What about Genois?
Mr. TOOMBS. He status that it was the first
one he examined; and it was his duty to examine
them all, and he discovered the fraud.
Mr. SLIDELL. If Mr. Capdeviile was one
of those whose duty it was to examine the cal-
culations, he was in the appraiser's office, then it
went through three calculations. As regards the
naval officer, I have already said that from my
ow n personal knowledge he had not sufficient cler-
ical force working night and day to have been
capable of all these examinations; and I think the
Senate will understand that a meie ordinary cur-
sory examination of those invoices, such as I have
no doubt takes place in every other custom-house
of the countiy, would not have enabled the clerks
to discover it. it was very ingenious.
Now, to come back to the point—perhaps this
discussion is not exactly in oi der on the question
to postpone—I say that these officers of customs
have a right, in my opinion, and the Government
has a right to the action of the circuit court, on
the writ of error that has been taken in this matter.
That couit sits either on the latter part of May,
or the lust part of June. The question then will
be fully discussed. If there be circumstances of
equity to recommend it to the consideration of the
court, the judgment of the court will be in accord-
ance with them. If it be not, the claims of the
Treasury will be vindicated; and I think the just
rights of these officers, by whose vigilance this
seizure was effected, and this system of fraud
which has been earned on with impunity fur so
many years, arrested. It appears to me that it is
a very reasonable request. As regards the grounds
on which the disti ict attorney intends to prose-
cute his writ of error to the circuit couit, they
relate to the instructions of the judge, which pro-
bably acted conclusively with the jury; and to my
mind aie evidently palpably wiong. The judge
instructed the jury that, "as the items of the in-
voice exhibited the actual cost of the sugar, though
the extensions weie ftaudulent, they could not be
considered as a pait of the invoice, and therefore
the case did not come within the provision of the
act unrler which they were seized.''
The Senate will understand what the exten-
sions were. -The weight was right; the price was
riifht: but the difficulty was in the calculation of
the amount of that pi ice m a complicated cur-
rency—a currency nQt familiar to our people, and
in a system of weights unknown to us. The eye,
m passing over this calculation, would not detect
it at once. The judge decided that as long as the
price stated in the invoice was correct, no matter
how fraudulent the calculations in an invoice
might be, it did not operate a forfeiture under the
act of 1799. Itappears to me that that cannot be
good law. If it be, certainly our statutes require
amendment in a very important particular. I
have no disposition to detain the Senate from a
vote further. I think there are good reasons for
postponing the consideration of tins case.
Mr* SIMMONS. I should be opposed to post-
poning the bill until the next session; for if I un-
derstand it, the evils apprehended by these parties
may have happened before then, and other rights
may have intervened, so that we may not be able
to prevent their losing half the forfeitures, unless
we pass the bill at the present session. At the
same time, I do not feel exactly clear as to the
difficulty of casting an invoice of sugar coming
from Havana. These are in anobas and reals.
Twenty-five pounds is an arroba, and a leal is
twelve and a half cents—just half as many cents
as there are reals for these arrobas. It is the
easiest computation in the world.
1 Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know that the
Senate understood my colleague fully. I think
the negligence of the custom-house officers is fully
shown by my colleague's statement. Sugar is
sold in Havana at so many reals the arroba.
Twelve and a half cents is a real, and twenty-five
pounds is an arroba, so that a real an arroba means
half a cent a pound, and when it is entered at six
reals an arroba that is three cents a pound. For
fouryeais of forty-odd invoices, the custom-house
officers testified they had never carried out a sin-
gle extension. It was m the carrying out of
wrong extensions that the entire fraud was com-
mitted, and in no other way.
Mr. SIMMONS. If it be critically examined
it will probably turn out to be one of those cases
which have been biought to my attention a great
many times—every one of these invoices was
under-valued,
Mr. BENJAMIN. All were full value.
Air. SIMMONS. It may be that they were.
I have looked at some of these invoices, and I
think they give a pretty low price for sugar at
that time; but I am not going into that, because
the court have gone into it, and I am satisfied. I
want to suggest to the Seftator that this should lie
over until an appropriate amendment can be made,
requiring the amount of duties still deficient on
these invoices to be paid. The Government is en-
titled to them; and nobody will pretend that the
men who have kept this partner foi four years are
not responsible for his acts. I have had some
inkling of what partneis of that kind are: and in
fact it is stated that this partner was taken in be-
cause he had a pecuharadaptation to enter goods
—I understand what that means—he had a gieat
facility for getting goods through the custom-
house. I will not say that his partners had any
bad design, but I am going to tieat ihcm as if ihey
were the most honest men that lived in the woi >d.
I do not want them to lose anything, but I do not
think the Government ought to lose anything by
the misconduct of one of their partners. I do not
think they ought to lose by forfeiture, because
they happened to be unfortunate m getting a part-
ner; but as to their invoices and prices, I suspect
there is a pretty general rule that sugar shipped at
Havana is undeivalued in the invoices. 1 have
heard it, at any rate. But be that as it may, if
the Senator from Georgia will make a piovision
saving to the Government the real amount of
duties, according to their own statement, that is
actually due, I will consent to pass the bill and
relieve them.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from Rhode
Island ailow me to read an amendment I have
drawn up to this bill, which, if the motion to post-
1 pone does not prevail, I shall offer?
Ptovided, That nothing in this act shall ho so construed
I astuiehe\u said patties nom any amount of dune-: which
! nm be duo to Use (Jnued States on account of £anl
| im| oit;mon>, and that this act shall not take efl'ect until
j said duties arc paid.
I Mr. SIMMON'S. I think that will answer.
I Mr. COLLAMER. I would suggest to the
| gentleman a substitute for that amendment. My
: idea is that whether this man was an agent or a
j partner makes really no difference. Partners are
: not answerable for the acts of a copartnei*c?imi-
j naliltr, but only civihter, and therefore for foifeit-
| ures these gentlemen are not responsible. The
j honorable gentleman on the other side [Mr. Sli-
dell] seems to doubt whether there be not some
; law beyond that; but I do not think there is. I
' do not know that is not so in the civil law; but it
is not so m common law, nor common sense. But
; still, afterall, he was their agent, or he was their
■ partner, to make these entries and to pay these
duties; and in all that, whether you treat him as
! an agent or partner, it is not material, because the
