1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
35ti-i Cong....1st Sf.ss.
])c Visser and Villarubia-—Mr. Iverson.
Senate.
law is the same. He was their agent or partner
to pay these duties to the Government, and malte
the right entries and pay right sums, whether he
got the money out of his partners or did not. Then
all that he did not properly enter and pay, they
should pay. That clearly is the law, though it
may have been their misfortune. They may have
settled with their consignors. It is likely they
have, and closed up so that they cannot get pay
from the consignors. That is their misfortune
from having a dishonest partner, or dishonest
agent, and the Governmentshould not suffer. My
only objection to the suggestion made by the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia [Air. 1\euson] is,
that I have some doubt m my mind whether, when
the Government, liasinsisted upon a forfeiture, it
can now consistently claim the amount of the
duty. The very ground of these suits is that of
forfeiture, and I theiefore prefer that a proviso
should be added expressly requiring ilium to pay
the amount of the duties, and not provide for waiv-
ing them.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; the amendment is,
that nothing in the bill shall be construed to waive
the duties.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator did not read the
latter portion of the amendment.
Mr. CLAIIK. There is a last clause covering
that.
Mr. IVERSON. The amendment is:
Pronded, That nothing m tins act shall be so construed
as to relieve said panics liom any amount of duties wIjk h
may justly bo due to the United States on account of said
linpomtions and that this act shall not take efieel Uiitil
fe.tid duuub aie paid.
Mr. COLLA.MER. I have no objection to
that, but 1 think it would be preferable to put it
in this form:
That paid paines pay to the United States Tropin v the
full amount oi duties actually payable onyooils, waiiw, and
merchandise heietolore impoited b> them into tiie poitof
New Oilcans.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that 1 com-
prehend this subject very perfectly; but from all
1 have heard of it, I have come to the conclusion
that those petitioners are very honest, gentlemanly
men, and that the delinquency of their clerk, or
partner, if you please to call him so—and, tech-
nically, I do not care tvhat he was—should not
he visited upon them. They in good faith ad-
vanced the money to him to pay the duties upon
all the goods received, and he misapplied it. For
allowing this to pass the first, the second, or the
third time, the officers of the Government may
have been excusable; but after that, I think it
would be an act of injustice on the part of the
Government to exact the duties from these gen-
tlemen, when it was the duty of the Government
officers to examine into the accounts, and to de-
tect any orrors; and we have the evidence of the
honorable Senatorfrom Louisiana [Mr. ^lidell]
that the individual who was in charge of the cus-
tom-house was one of the most worthless men
that could have been placed there; and we have a
right to infer that it ww owing to delinquency or
neglect on hi«* part that this ev.i was continued.
Mr. SEIDELL Allow mo to say to the Sen-
ator, that if I made use' of that word, I certainly
do not wish it to remain in the sense in which the
♦Senator applies it. I way he was incompetent. I
said nothing agamst his personal integrity.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well; thatdevolves the
responsibility on the Government, for they arc
bouud to select capable men to discharge the
public trusts. For that reason, I cannot think of
vol mg to tax these men when the Government had
a fair opportunity to detect these frauds that were
practiced upon the custom-house, and it was the
duty of the Government officers to do so. When
the successor of the delinquent collector came into
office, lie detected those frauds. His predecessor
had four years in which to do it, and if he had
discharged his duty,he would ha\e doneitinthe
course of three weeks, as this officer was enabled
to do. I do not say that there was any complicity
between the custom-house officers and this delin-
quent clerk or partner; but there is no doubt that
the fault' was that of the Government, and not of
these partners who come forward as petitioners,
and ask relief. If they have already paid the
duties in good faith, as is testified, it wouid be a
very severe penalty to make them pay them over
again. At any rate, to mulct them in the sum of
two or three hundred thousand dollars, merely to
give a portion of the money to the informer, is a
principle that I will never recognize in legislation.
If this collector, for having discovered the fraud
in so short a space of time, is to receive such a
recompense, what ought to be the penalty inflicted
on the delinquent collector? Sir, theie is none
that could reach him. I am prepared to vote to
exonerate these partners from all accountability
to the Government, but, in good faith, to hold the
officers of the Government, to whom it has con-
fided important trusts, responsible. When they
have faiied in the duty confided to them, and the
revenues are betrayed or defrauded, let not the
injury fall on innocent individuals when it is
caused by the acts of the Government, who were
responsible for the protection of citizens through
the public functionaries of the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fox>t.)
The question is on the motion to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until the first
Monday in December next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I now offer my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill'
suggest that in the present state of the bill amend-
ments are not in order, and cannot be made except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 wish to make one statement
to my colleague. It is perfectly clear that these
men have paid this money. It is equally clear,
from sworn testimony in the courts of justice, that
these frauds were permitted to go on by the gross-
est negligence of the custom-house officers, who
had ne\er examined a single invoice. I say, of
course,in strict law they are bound, as their agent
did not pay the money, to pay it over again them-
selves; but the Government ought not to avail itself
of the negligence of its own officers, clearly and
distinctly established, and running over a period
of three or four years, to exact the money. Ad-
mitting the strict legality, is it just and fair, when
the Government, by its paid officers, enabled this
man to perpetrate these frauds for four years, to
ask innocent parties to pay the money? The of-
ficers of the Government might easily have de-
tected the frauds, but it is sworn to that they never
did run out the figures. I admit the legal piinci-
ple, and I am willing to consent that the amend-
ment may be received, and that the Senate may
pass upon it; but 1 make this appeal to Senators: I
do not think the Government ought to exact these
$24,000 from these men, when, as has been said by
the Senator from Texas, it was in consequence of
the naked, clear negligence of the Government of-
ficers that these transactions happened. I make
no objection to receiving the amendment, and I
ask for a vote upon it.
Mr. CLAY, in suppoi t of what is said by the
Senator fiom^Cleoigia, as Seimtois may not un-
derstand the question thoroughly, I will make a
single remark, in order to explain fully what he
means. I will say, before doing so, that when
this question was refened to the Committee on
Commerce—of which I have the honorto be chair-
man—I examined it first myself; and I became
fully satisfied that these menoughtnotto be made
to suffer this forfeiture. But, not being willing to
trust my own judgment <m it, I did not report it
to the committee, but referred it to the Senator
from Georgia, knowing that he was a lawyer of
more experience and ability; and he came to the
same conclusion, without any conversation be-
tween us on the subject previously.
Now, he says this money has been paid. Sen-
ators may not understand how that is. The firm
advanced the money to this cleik to pay the du-
ties. Their books show it. The merchants who
investigated the question say that their books
show that they did advance the money. Theie-
fore, they have advanced to the Government, as
far as they could through their asont, this amount
of money to nay the duties. The clerk did not
pay them. He went there, and succeeded in
chiseling the Government, as the Senator says,
through the criminal complicity or culpable neg-
ligence of the officers of the Government. But
this complicity or negligence did not result merely
m wronging the Government; they went further,
and did a gross wiongto thisfitm. They discov-
ered the fraud; but, instead of reporting it to the
partners, or to the principals, in whichever char-
acter you regard them; instead of reporting it to
them, and enabling them thereby to arrest this
clerk, and to secure the funds which he might
have in hand belonging to them, and which he
was embezzling, they remained two days con-
scious of these frauds without imparting a knowl-
edge of them, and suffered him to run away
Thereby they made themselves accessories after
the fact to the fraud which he perpetrated upon
his principals, or partners; and it is jn that view
of the case that I agree with the Senator from
Georgia, that it is really taking advantage of the
wrong of the officers of the Government to make
the parties pay these duties over again.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to have an ex-
planation on that point. When the fraud was dis-
covered, did the custom-house officers wait any
longer than was necessary to seize this man, be-
fore notifying the partners?
Mr. TOOMBS. It was discovered on Satur-
day, and here is the sworn testimony that they
did not communicate it at all to these parties un-
til Monday afternoon, and then the man had run
away. They then went and arrested these gen-
tlemen criminally fortius very forfeiture.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have not a copy of the pe-
tition, but, as far as my recollection serves me,
the Senator from Georgia is right about the day.
Saturday was spent in consultation, or an at^mpt
at consultation, with the district attorney. They
did not know how to proceed. They could not
find the district attorney, and on Monday they
got out an order for arresting the partners, not
knowing how far the other parties were impli-
cated in this affair. They did not inform them,
because they considered them equally guilty.
Mr. TOOMBS. The, Senator is mistaken. It
is m proof that this man Meteye was in the cus-
tom-house on Monday morning.
Mr. SLIDELL. I say the difficulty was not
with the officers, but with the district attorney,
for whom theycoujd not get the necessary inform-
ation to proceed. A collector has no right to take
a man by the collar and arrest him.
Mr. TOOMBS. They allowed the guilty man
to escape.
Mr. IVERSON. I am satisfied there was laches
on the part of the custom-house officers, in allow-
ing this fraud to be so long in existence, without
detection; but doubtless that was attributable, to
a great extent, to the confidence which they placed
in this agent of these parties. These invoices
were made for them, and the officers took it for
granted that what he did was properly done, and
theyweie probably deceived and misled by the
confidence they placed in this very man. And
who gave him the confidence which enabled him
to impose on the custom-house officers? These
parties themselves, who employed him. It is said
he w\s nothing more than a clerk. That makes
the case still stronger. If he was a partner on
an equal footing with them, perhaps it would not
have been so strong a case; but here they em-
ployed the agent themselves, and the employment
was an indorsement of his integrity. That is the
principle everywhere, both in law and common
sense: if you employ an agent to transact any
fiduciary uusinesvs for you, you indorse his in-
tegrity and honesty. These men employed him
for two or three years, and he was dishonest
the whole time. To be sure, they may not have
known anything about it, and I dare say they did
not; but still, law as well as equity makes them
responsible for the integrity of his conduct; be-
cause whose fault was it that he was enabled to
impose on somebody else ? It was the fault of
those who employed him, and they are lesponsi-
ble for what lie has done.
This man douLtlcss misled the custom-house
officers to acquiesce in the proceedings which re-
sulted in this fraud, and the Government certainly
has not received the duties. That much which
was due to the Government has not been paid;
and these parties now come here and demand that
we shall release them from obligations or penal-
ties which they have incurred m consequence of'
their own miteplaced confidence in their agent.
They have no legal claim to this release. That is
admitted. They come and appeal to our equita-
ble and generous feelings to release them from a
penalty which has been imposed on them bylaw.
