1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
cock-robin?" [Laughter.] It has got out some-
' how or other. I did not see the Senator when
he delivered the speech. If I had I should have
watched him closely; and it is possible that by
some gesture or some shake of the head he would,
have determined who that (< who" was; but we
are left in the dark—we do not know who it was.
You see, then, that this was not accidental. A
semi-official setof patriots, friends of popular sov-
ereignty, and disciples of perfect freedom, called
for the public good in a private 100111, met to-
gether, and for peculiar reasons—that is what trie
Senator said—they determined to strike out of |
their bill the only redeeming feature in it, and that
was the submission to the people of the question
whether they would have slavery in the constitu-
tion or not. In that secret conclave, that semi-
official meeting for the public good, these patriots
put their heads together to strangle at the birth the
only thing there was in their bill which ought to
commend it to the real genuine friends of perfect
freedom and popular sovereignty. "Well, sir, I
am learning something every day; but I did not
know, till that speech was made, that when we
met here in official meeting and matured bi lls and
put them in shape, they were to be committed to
the tender mercies of "a semi-official meeting to
strangle and choke out of them everything thatwas
worth the keeping the breath of life in. 1 hey
struck down, then, that great principle of popu-
lar sovereignly—a principle inestimable to free-
men, formidable only to semi-official patriots, f
[Laughter.] So that this was not accidental; it ,|
was purposely done; and ibis, too, was done in j
the name of popular sovereignty !
Mr. President, I wish to say a word about that j,
subject. Popular sovereignty, according to the'
idea of some gentlemen, if it ever existed in this j
country, had been in a state of catalepsy until the :
Nebraska bill brought it into life. 1 have seen
some specimens which I thought were genuine |
popular sovereignty, and some that I thought;
were spurious. I will tell you one. In January, i
1775, the people of that little State of which I ,
have the honor to be one of the representatives on i
this floor, met together—not in a private parlor, [
but in a public hall—and they inaugurated liberty
and law in the shape of a written constitution, in
which they ignored the existence of the King of
Great Britain and his Parliament, and formed a
constitution for that State, in defiance ot legal
authority, eighteen months before the Declara-
tion of American Independence, and before any
other State on this continent had a constitution.
I have heard that honor claimed for Vnginia. I
have heard it claimed for North Caiolina. Any-
body who will read the history of the tunes, will !
find that, in January, 1775, eighteen months be- |
fore the Declaration of Independence, the people j
of the State of New Hampshire, in the exercise j
of a real, genuine, unadulterated popular sover- !
eignty, came together, ignored both the King and
the Parliament, and spoke out, in the form ot a
written constitution, the great doctrines of pop-
ular liberty regulated by a written constitution.
That I call of the genuine kind.
Again, when the delegates of those thirteen old
States met together in conclave, and on the 4th
of July published their ever memorable and im-
mortal Declaration, in which they avowed that
they held the people ofGreat Britain, as they held
the rest of mankind, "enemies in war, and in peace
friends," theie was popular sovereignty ot the
genuine and the real kind. It was a popular sov-
ereignty to which those men pledged their lives,
their fortunes, and their honor to sustain, and for
the sincerity of their convictions and the intensity
of their devotion they shed their blood like water,
and never gave over until that great doetnno was
embodied and made perpetual in the organized
form of a written constitution.
There is another instance of popular sover-
eignty in the history of the country from which
we come, that I have always looked upon with
admiration the most profound. I refer to the rev-
olution which brought Charles I. to the block.
The Commons of England, by a resolution, blot-
ted out the Hou.se of Louis, and resolved that
the Commons of England had the right of sover-
eignty in them, Kings and Lords to the contrary
notwithstanding; and they determined to bring
Charles I. to trial. Passing by all the organized
forms of law, ignoring the House of Lords, ignor-
ing all the organized forms in which justice had
been accustomed to speak in that tribunal, the old
Commons of England came together and resolved |
that they, and they only, were the sovereigns of j
England; that the House of Lords was a useless
appendage; that the machinery of their judicial
tribunals was not made for such an occasion, nor
fitted for such an emergency, and they resolved
themselves into a great high court, and they de-
termined in the exercise of that sovereignty thus
organized to summon before their bar the King
on his throne. Yes, sir, they said that the King
on his throne should come down from his high
estate, from his elevation of regal sovereignty, j
and face to facc, before the assembled Commons j
of England, he should plead like a criminal to the j
popular sovereignty of England. I have here a
sketch of the address that The old President read
to the King when he came in. They were as-
sembled in the great hall. Old President Brad-
shaw with his crimson robes sat on his high seat,
and around him were the Commons. At last the
great doors of the hall were thrown open, and in
marched the King of England. No hat was taken
from the head; no man rose to do him reverence.
There was no indication that anything butacom-
mon criminal stood before a high court. The old
President rose and said:
" Oharies Smart, Kins of England, the Commons of Eng-
land, assembled m Parliament, twins deeply sensible of the
calamities that have liocn brought upon tin?nation, (which
i- fisod iipnn yon as the pnncipal author of it.) have re-
solved to make inquisition for blood; and, according to that
debt and ilnte which they owe to justice, to God, the kinp-
;lo'n. and the:.!--olv<v. and nconlm" to the fundamental
power i ■'>' i- !s ill themselves tliev liave icsolvedto bring
! von to tri il and ludimcnt; and for that purpose have con-
' rntu'c:! tins in^li eoiut of justice before which you are
■ biouc'it."
; Oh , sir. that was judgment; there was nothing
j semi about that. [Laughter.] The King under-
j took to cavil with them, and ask them by what
authority they tried him; and the president re-
plied, "By the authority of the people of Eng-
land." The Kins; caviled for several days. He
undertook to play the king; he undertook to set
off regal sovereignty against popular sovereignty;
and anybody that reads Hume's History of Eng-
land, and takes it for the truth, will read that the
King maintained that to the last. It was not so.
When regal sovereignty and popular sovereignty
thus came in conflict m England, the King endeav-
ored to piay the kins' for a little while, but at last
ho cowered and quailed, and became a poor sup-
pliant criminal before the Commons of England.
They tried him; and at last they came to a con-
clusion, and pronounced a sentence on him, which
I wil! lead, for it is very brief. After reciting the
charges that the people of England had brought
against him, the president said:
u For all which treason* iind Timp?tlm court doth ad-
judge that he, the <atd Charle« Stuart, as a tyrant, traitor,
and lnuiflen-r, and a pubii<- onemv. shall be put to death,
by the scveimg ofh«:5 head iron) hi^ body.1'
And they earned it out. They carried it out
right speedily too; for 1 think in about three days
the pioud King of England, the successor of the
imperious Elizabeth, of the bloody Mary, of the
cruel and tyrannical Henry VIII., of the lion- i
hearted Richard, of the Norman conqueror Wil- |
liam, the descendant of that long line of kings, i,
bowed his head upon the scaffold; and it was sev- n
ered from his body in vindication of the great j.
doctrine of popular sovereignty m England The |j
shadow of that great event has rested upon the j
British throne ever since. Grod bless those old m
Commons for it. Libei ty is safer to-day in the j,
country from which we fame, and the country in \\
which we arc, on account of the fidelity with which j;
those old Commoners maintained, carried out,vm- ;
dieated, and executed the great doctrine of popu- j
lar sovereignty. Sir, they wrote it in the blood of ]
kings on the eternal page of history, where all j
nations may read it; and as inng as English his- ;
tory lasts, all time will not eiface it. ^ _ j
When I contemplate that sublime exhibition of ;
popular sovereignty, and compute it with your ;
poor, pitiful bantling of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
the only object of which was to oppress the weak j
and hold the humble m subjection to their mas- ;
; ters, I confess, sir, Young A marica notwithstand- |
ing, I prefer that old popular sovereignty ot the j
| Commons of England, two hundred years old, to !
| the modern specimen which you are to-day illus-
' tratmg in Kansas. Let me hear no more of this
I popular sovereignty until we get something of the
! genuma about it.
It was not my fortune to be in the Senate the •
other day, when the honorable Senator from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Brodeiuck] spoke. I believe he
joins with me in repudiating this attempt. I think
that he is in error in one thing, and he will pardon
me for telling him so. He lays it to Mr. Buchanan,
and he says Mr. Buchanan is the guilty cause of
it. Sir, I speak of Mr. Buchanan, as 1 amgoing
to do, under a sense of duty. I have no unkind
feelings towards him, certainly. In the course of
my duty, as I performed it according to my con-
victions, I had occasion, in the last Congress, to
say something of General Pierce, not unkindly,
I hope. I told him, what he did not believe at
the time, but has since found out to be true. I
told him that you were using him, and that when
you had used him, you would throw him away;
that you had no more idea of again making a
President of him, than you had of one of those
pages. He did not believe mc. I think he does
now. [Laughter.] i thoughtyou would be a little
more generous to him than you were. I thought
you would go to the convention, and resolve to
have a majority of two thirds to nominate, and
that you would pay him the poor compliment of
running him up to a majority of one; but the fact
was, you felt so awfully doubtful, whether, if
you undertook to run him up to a majority, he
might not get the requisite vote, and be nominated,
that you said, it is a dangerous experiment, and
we will not try it; and Pierce went without even
that empty compliment. I told him this on the
floor of the Senate; and he and his friends had no
more sense than to get offended at it.
Now, what I am about to say of Mr. Buchanan,
I hope he will not get offended at. I shall be
sorry if he does; but I tell you, Mr. Buchanan is
not to blame. Mr. Buchanan is not a man to
shape events; he is not a man to control the cur-
rent of public opinion—he nor Picrce either, nor
both together. They are not the men to give di-
rection to the current of human events. They are
mere vanes placed on high places, showing the
direction and the strength of that cunent which is
bearing our national ship to her destiny—that is
all. The policy which Mr. Van Buren is carry-
ing out—there it is again, [laughter,] I mean Mr.
Buchanan—was indicated in this country long
ago. I have before nie a document published in
1844, containing the correspondence in relation to
the annexation of Texas. Our Secretary of State,
Mr. Upshur, in a letter to Mr. Murphy, our Min-
ister in Texas, said:
" The establishment, in the very midst of our slaveholtf-
ing States, of an independent Government, forbidding the
existence of slavery, and by a people born, for the njo>t part,
among us, rearpd up in our habits, and speaking our lan-
guage, could not fail topioduce tho most unhappy eftects
upon hotli parlies."
That is tlie policy; the establishment of a free
State is a calamity; it produces unhappy effects !
This was said ill reference to Texas. In no sense
can Texas be said to be in the midst of our slave-
holding States, that will not apply with equal or
greater force to ivansas. You have the doctrine,
then, that the establishment of a free State, pro-
hibiting the existence of slavery, produces un-
happy effects, and to that policy, that the estab-
lishment of a free State is an evil, the Government
has adhered with a tenacity like death, and with
! a directness of purpose that is not equaled by the
j mode in which the needle points to the pole,
i There is no variation of the needle there to be cal-
! culated. The means by which this policy was to
j be effected was indicated by an article in the
! Richmond Enquirer, which said thatthe deserting
I Democrat who opposed the Administration 011
j this vital measure would have nothing to expect.
I There is a simple policy and a simple mode of
j carrying it out. A free State is an evil, and the
' public patronageis to beused to prevent it! That
is it; it is very simple; and anybody who wants
to ect the true clew to this whole matter; any body
who wants to get hold of the thread to lead l.ur
out of the labyrinth in which we are now lost,
will find it in this simple avowal of policy, tiia.
a free State produces unhappy effects, and that the
Federal patronage must be used to prevent it. In
other words, the representatives of the people aw
Utill-l VVUIUOj tiiV A v.J-**• j
to be paid with the people s money to prevent tne
establishment of free States, lhat is a lair anu
honest translation of it.
This brings me to another part of my subject,
in answer to a question which the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Dooqlas,] propounded
