320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18.
■when he asked if he was to be read out of the
party for a difference on this point. I have great
regard for the sagacity of that honorable Senator,
but I confess it was a little shaken when he asked
that question: is a man to be read out of the party
for departing from the President on this great
cardinal point r Why, sir, he asks is a man who
dtiFers from the President on the Pacific railroad
to go out of the party ? Oh no, he may stay. If
he differs on Central America, very good; take
the first seat if you please. You may differ with
the President on anything and everything but
one, and that is this sentiment, which i shall
read; Mr. Buchanan shall speak his own creed.
On the J9th of August, 1842, in the Senate, Mr.
Buchanan used this language:
" I might here repeat what I have said on a foimcr oc-
casion"—
you see it was so important he must repeat it—
—" that all Christendom"—
mark the words—
—" is leagued against the South upon this question of do-
mestic slavery."
All Christendom includes a great many people.
If that be true, and if you have got any allies, it
is manifest they must be outside of Christendom,
[laughter,] because Mr. Buchanan says all Christ-
endom is against you; but still he leaves you some
allies, and you will see—it is as plain as demon-
stration can make it—that your allies are not in-
cluded in Christendom. Where are the allies?
I will read the next sentence:
"They have no other allies to sustain their constitutional
rights except tlie Democracy of the Noith."
There is a fight for you: all Christendom on one
side, and the Democracy of the North on the other.
[Laughter.] That is not my version; it is Mr.
Buchanan's. That is the way he backs his friends;
for he went on, after having made this avowal, to
claim peculiar consideration from southern gen-
tlemen, and intimated that he might speak a little
more freely, having previously indorsed them so
highly as this. Well, sir, when all Christendom
was on one side, and the Democracy of the North
on the other, and the Democracy of the North
growing less and less every day—a small minor-
ity in the New England States—how could the
Senator from Illinois be so unkind, or how could
he doubt, if, on this vital question he deserted the
Democracy and went over to Christendom, [laugh-
ter,] as to how the question would be answered
whether lie was to be lead out of the pai ty ? Read
out, sir! That question was settled long a«;o. On
this great vital question he is out of the party.
1 would not say anything unkind to that Sen-
ator, nor would I say anything uncourteous in
the world; but my experience in the country life
of New England does present to my mind an
illustration which I know he will excuse me if I
give it. A neighbor of mine had a very valuable
horse. The horse was taken sick, and he tried
all the ways in the world to cure him, but it was
of no avail The horse grew worse daily. At
last one of his neighbors said: " What are you
going to do with the horse r" "I do not know,"
was the reply; " but 1 think I shall have to kill
him." " Wo])," said the other, " he does not
want much lulling." [Laughter.] You see, in
ordinary times, and on ordinary questions, a little
wavering mi^ht be indulged; but when it is on one
question, and a great vital question, and all Christ-
endom is on the one side, and the northern De-
mocracy on the other, to go over from the ranks
of the Democracy to swell the swollen ranks of
Christendom, and then ask if he is to be read out!
I leave that point. [Laughter.]
J have said nearly as much as I propose to say
on this part of the subject, and 1 come now to
another bianrh of if. The tribunal which holds
its session under us, seeing the unequal nature of
this contest—seeing all Christendom on one side,
and the Democracy on the other, with a magna-
nimity and chivalry which is unealeulating and
generous, have thrown themselves info the breach
on the side cf the Democracy. I mean the Su-
preme Court of the United States. 1 beheve they
have a rule in that court,—and my honorable
friend ftom Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden"] will
corrcct me if { am wrong in it—by which they
w til not allow anybody at guing a case before them
to speak disrespectfully of any other branch of
the Government. That is so. I believe v/e have
not got any such rule here, and I am going to say
of the Supreme Court that which truth and justice
demand of me to say. I shall hold them as our
fathers held the King of Great Britain—" enemies
in war, and in peace friends." I was brought up
with a hereditary respect for courts, but 1 have
got rid of it. I began to get rid of it before I came
here, but the process has been going on very fast
ever since. The Supreme Court of the United
States, in a decision which they have recently
made, have come down from their place, and
thrown themselves into the political arena, and
have attempted to throw the sanction of their
names in support of doctrines that can neither be
sustained by authority nor by history; and I pro-
pose to show it. To prove that 1 do not speak
altogether without the book on this subject, I wish
to read to you from the opinions of Thomas Jef-
ferson on this very Supreme Court, to show you
that I am not the first man who has entertained
doubts upon this point. Mr. Jefferson, in aletter
to Judge Roane, dated Poplar Forest, September
6, 1819,says:
" In denying the right they usurp of exclusively explain-
ing tlie Constitution, f go inrther liian you do, if I under-
stand rightly your quotation from the Fe*deialii>t,of an opin-
ion that 'tlie judiciary is the last resort in relation to the
other departments of the Government, but not in lelation
to tho rights of the panics to the compact under which the
judicial y lsdcnved.5 Ji this opinion bo sound, then, indeed,
is our Constitution a complete ,/c/y dc it. Fui, intending to
establish thieo departments, c'ooidmate and independent,
that they might check and balance one anothei, it has erven,
accoidmg to this opinion, to one of them alone the rignt to
preset ibe rules for tlie government of the otheid, and to that
one, too, which is unelccted bv and independent of the na-
tion. **********
Tlie Constitution,on this hypothesis, is a mere tiling of
wax, m the hands! ot the judiciary, which they may twist
and shape into any Joint they please. Ir should be remem-
bered, as an axiom of eteinal'truth in polities, that whatever
powei in any Government i?. independent, i* absolute aKo ;
in theory only at fnst, while the spuif ot 'ihe people is up,
but m piaetiee as fast as that lelaxes. Independence can
he ti lifted nowhere but with the people in ma^s. They are
mheiently independent of alt but motal hi\v. My eon>-ti ue-
t lono! the Constitution is very different fiom that von (piote.
It is that each depai fluent is truly independent ot the otliei*,
ami has ;m equal light to decide toi itself what is the mean-
ing of the Constitution in the eases submitted to lN action,
and especially whete it to aet ultimately and without ap-
peal. I will explain tnvselt by examples, which, luiwn;*
ocelli red while i w.t* in otliec, ate bettei known to m< , and
the pi maples which governed them.""
Again, on the 28th September, 1820, in writing
to Mr. Jarvis, from Monticcllo, he says:
cc Vou seem, in p.t'ies 81 and to consider the judges
a« the ultimate aibitei'-of all comtitutional cjue.-tiou'—a
veiy dan<,'oious doefi me indeed, and unc whu'h would plaee
U3iindei the despotism ol an nheaichy. Our judges are as
houe>t as other men. and not lnoic ho. They have, with
othejs. the same passions ;<>r paity, tor powei. and the pnv-
lle^e of their t oi ps. Then m.iMiu is •- bom jitdii i-s ct at i-
j>iicirnjin itihcland their power the moie dangeious
as they aie m oll'iee foi hie, and not re.-pon^ihle. as the oih"r
functionaries aie, to the elective control. Tue < 'onst station
has elected no such Min?lo tribunal, knowing that, to what-
ever hands eon tided, wuh the co> niptions of lime and pai ty,
its members, would become despots.""
Again, writing to Thomas Ritchie, on the 25th
of December, 1820, he says:
"The judiciaiy of the United States is the subtle cotps
of sappeir, ami mmen constantly woikinsc under pound (<>
undeunuto the foundation^ <>i out confederated labile. The>
aie construing our Coik-litutioti from a coot delation of a gen-
eial and special Government to a geneiui ar.d siipieme one
alone."
Again, in a letter to Archibald Thweat, dated
Monticello, January 19, 1821, ho says:
11 The legislative and executive branches may t-oinetimes
err, but elections and dependence will bring them tou^hts.
The judiciary bianch is the instrument which, working like
giavity, without intermission, is to pi e&s us at hist into one
consolidated ma^s.''
In a letter to Mr. Hammond, dated the ISth of
August, ]821, Mr. Jefferson says:
" Ithas Ion!*, however; been mj- opinion, and Thave never
shrunk f'romits expression, (although J do not choose to put
it into a newspaper,nor. like a Ihiam m aimor, oiler myselt
its champion,} that the germ of dissolution of our Federal
Government is m the constitution of the Federal judicial y—
an inesponsible body, (iorimpeaehmentisseatc'elya teaie-
eiow,) working like giavity by uiglit and by day, gaming a
little to day and a little to-monow, and advancing its noit.e
less step like a thief, ovei the field of juusdiction, until all
shall be usurped ftom the States, and the Government of all
be consolidated into one."
_ I might stand hero and road to you for a long
time extracts from Jefferson, of the same charac-
ter. Indeed, I have maiked some others, which I
may possibly, if 1 have this speecli printed, em-
body in if.
Mr. 1JROWN. Wiil the Senator tell its from
what volume of Jefferson's works he is reading ?
Mr. HALE. I cannot. I give the dates of tho
letters. :
Mr, BROWN. What is the volume in your
hand ?
Mr. HALE. This is a little volume I got up
for this occasion.
Mr. BROWN. That is an edition of Hale's
works. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; this is an edition of
Hale's works. Ihave another authority, which,
I have no doubt, will sound with more force to
some, as Mr. Jefferson does not belong to Young
America. This is in the same book, and the ex-
tract is to he found in the Appendix to the Con-
gressional Globe, vol. 29, page347. Mr. Toombs
said:
" The only difficulty on this point has arisen fioin som?
decisions of the Supieme Court of the United States. It
is true, they have talked vaguely about the doctnno of the
general sovereignty of the Federal Government. 1 altaen
but little importance to the political views of that tiibunah
It is a wife depository of personal rights; but I believe theie
has been no assumption of political powei by this Govern-
ment which it has not vindicated and found somewheie."
It was tlie opinion of that distinguished Sen-
ator that no assumption of political power by this
Government had ever occurred which the Su-
preme Court had not vindicated and found some-
where. I think if that honorable Senator were
to review tins subject now, with the increasing
light of history, he would find, atleast, one exer-
cise of power by this Government winch the Su-
preme Court of the United States have not vindi-
cated, and have not found somewhere, though I
think almost anybody else can find it every where,
and that is the power which was exercised prior
to the Constitution, and under the Constitution
down to the present time, and in force while I
speak, on your statute-book to prohibit slavery
111 the Territories. That is an assumption of po-
litical power which the Supreme Court of the
United States have not found anywhere. While,
as the distinguished Senator fiom Georgia says,
there is no assumption of political power by tlie
Government which that court have not vindi-
cated, I tell him whenever this Government has
undertaken to act in the slightest degree in the
exercise of its constitutional authority to limit or
restrain slavery, the Supreme Court have not
found a place anywhere where it could be vindi-
cated or sustained.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was true when uttered,
but it is not so now.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator says it
was historically true when it was utteied, but it
is not true now. Well, it was not uttered a great
while ago. They must have had a very sudden
conversion, for the speech is not three years old.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Died Scott decision lias
been made sincc that.
Mr. HALE. The Senator admits everything
X said. I have not put before the Senate the posi-
tion of these two illustrious names, one dead and
the other living—Jefferson and Toombs—because
I want to invoke the sanction of their names to
cover my opinion; but I want to throw them out,
so that those who arc not advised upon the matter
may not think I am the first man who has ever
attempted to hft that silver vail with which this
"vailed prophet"—the Supreme Court—hides the
htdeousness of its features. Having said thus
much, I come to the work. It is that very Dred
Scott case that 1 am coming to.
There are two positions, and but two, in this
decision which I am going to examine. The Su-
preme Court of the United States have declared
that the right to hold slaves, and to trade in slaves,
was univexsaJly recognized in England and in this
country at the time of tlie American Revolution
and tho adoption of the Federal Constitution.
That matter is so distinctly set forth that I will
send to the Chair an extract, and ask the Secre-
tary to read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" In the opinion of the court, the legislation and histories
of the times, and the language used in tlie Declaration of
Independence, ahow iliat'neithei the clas* of person ■< who
had been impoited a^ slaves, nor their descendants, whether
they bad become free or not, were then acknowledged as
a p.m of the people, nor intended to be included in tho gen-
eta! woids used in that memoiabio mstiumenl.
'•It is ditheuit at tins day to leahzothe state of public
opinion.in lelanon to thatunfoitimatciaee. which prevailed
in the civilized and enlightened portion^ <>i the woi Id at the
time of the Decimation of Independence, and when the Con-
stitution of the United States wast lamed and adopted. I<ut
the public histtny of eveiy Duiopcan nation display it m a
manner too plain to be mistaken.
" They had for moie than a century before been lenarded
as beings of an inferior Older, and altogether unfit to asso-
