368
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 14,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
De Visser and Villarubia—Mr. King.
Senate.
I' think we have a right to impose conditions pre-
cedent on them, and compel tnem to pay what is
due to us honestly and honorably, before they
shall be released from the penalty which their con-
duct has inflicted oh them under the law. I will
vote against the bill unless this amendment be in-
troduced. I will vote for the bill if its friends will
allow it to be made.
" ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. TheChairbegs
to suggest to the Senator from Georgia, that un-
less the vote.ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time shall be reconsidered, the bill is
not open to amendment, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. IVERSON.' I make that motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not worth while. I sup-
pose there will be no objection, even by the oppo-
nents of the amendment, to receiving it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
he made, the Choir will receive the amendment.
[No objection.] There being no objection, the
amendment is made.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Chair misunderstood
the advocates of the bill. The advocates of the
bill consent that he introduce the amendment
without previously moving a reconsideration.
We are going to take a vote on it now.
Mr. SLIDELL. I took it for granted that this
amendment would pass without objection. If not,
I have something further to say on the subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is my colleague going to
gpeak the bill out?
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not know how long I
shall speak. It will depend upon circumstances.
Mr. IVERSON. I understood my colleague
to say he would agree to the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I said I would not object to
its introduction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule is,
that in this stage of the bill, the bill can only bo
amended bv unanimous consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. The same unanimous consent
would allow the introduction of the amendment
without the reconsideration of the engrossment.
I was content that the Senate might vote on the
amendment as though the Lrill had been reconsid-
ered, to save time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Son-
ate ngree to the amendment?
Mr. SLIDELL. I have a word to say.
Mr, MALLORY. My friend from Louisiana
will allow me to ask him if he can inform the
Senate what the amount of these duties is ?
Mr.TOOM BS. Twenty-four thousand dollars.
It is judicially ascertained.
Mr. MA LLORY. That will be the sum required
to be paid by this amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS and Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes,
sir.
•Mr. SLIDELL. I am glad to perceive that
these gentlemen, who are certainly very honest
and respectnble men, find in the Senate peisons
who go further in advocating their interests than
they themselves do, and who ask for them what
they never asked for themselves; for I take it for
granted that in passing this hill they would not
be willing to accept the imputation of bad faith.
It is proposed that they shall be released from
the payment of the penalties; and now we are told
the bill goes further than that. These persons
have never asked anything more than a simple
abandonment of the claim of forfeiture. They
have always said they recognized their liability,
and were willing to pay the duties. It is like being
more catholic than the Pope. Gentlemen here
want to be.moro liberal to these men in New Or-
leans, whom I do not think so entirely free from
blame as many Senators appear to regard them,
than they ask. I admit there is no moral obliquity
about it, but they have never pretended that the
debt for duties was not a just debt. I have here
a copy of a letter, not cet lifted, K is true, but. I
take it for granted it will be admitted as correct.
This is a letter, dated April 13, 1357, addressed
to the collector at New Oilcans:
i( Sin : We aie informed by Mi. Benjamin that you ate
willing to leecive ihc deficit of dmios reniummg unpaid o.i
the invoic of Migai jk'i &ehooner M.uy Elizabeth. f-onn
a-i the good-* have been appraised, and'thereupon )<>a will
jcleave the M-izttie made b\ vou on our stoic. We aie
lead} now, ami aiwajs haw been ready, lo pay this-deficit;
and wc bog leave to icnew to you the offer made to jou
some ume ago by Mr. Hunt, our counsel m our behalf, and
to state that we wsil pay wliatevei deficiencies may be dis-
covered in the invoices that may have been fraudulently
pa^eri through the cu&toin-hou&e by Mr. Met6y6, our late
partner"—
they do not call him clerk, but partner-—
" as fa->t a« they are detected."
Now, in regard to the imputed complicity of
the officers of ihe custom-house with Mr. Meteye,
I think a very few words will satisfy the Senate
that that imputation is altogetherunfounded. The
discovery of a fraudulent alteration of one invoice
was made at a late hour on Saturday. Mr. Mete ye,
I believe, in the first instance—1 do not know
what tlie record may say on that point—as all men
who are found m a position of that sort, disa-
vowed his culpability. lie said it was an acci-
dent, a mistake. Then the suspicions of the cus-
tom-house officers were excited; and ori the fol-
lowing day, Sunday, they went through all the
other invoices which had been accumulating there
during a period of years, and necessarily required
examination; and they found the same frauds had
been committed in various instances contained in
the paper I have before me. It took the whole
of Sunday to make that examination. They were
•not at all aware, until Monday morning, of the
extent of the frauds. The collector—I believe
that appeals in the evidence—endeavored to pro-
cure the advice and counsel of the district attor-
ney, in order to have this man arrested on the
spot, lie did not find him. I believe the then
collector and district attorney were not on very
good terms, and stood on some points of punctilio.
One expected the district attorney to call on him,
and the other expected the collector to go to h im.
That is immaterial. The delay was a natural one.
The collector or the naval officer could not take
Mr. Metcye by the collar and carry him to jail.
It required that some preliminary proceedings
should be had in the court of the United States.
The proper man to conduct those proceedings
was the district attorney. When the district at-
torney was ready to proceed, the bird had flown.
That is the tiue state of the case. I do not
see any culpability in the matter on the part of the
Government officers. It is said they ought to
have infoimed the other partners of the fraud that
had been committed. At that time they had no
evidence of the absence of complicity on the part
of the other paitmrs. They had a fair light to
presume that in a mercantile house, in whose
name so large frauds had been carried on for so
many yeais, all the parties were equally culpable.
It was only after an investigation of the case be-
fore the court, that they became satisfied of the
innocence of Air. De Visserand Mr. Villarubia,
so far as any moral complicity with this matter
is concerned. 1 think I have explained the rea-
son of the delay.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall detain the Senate but
a moment in reply to the gentleman's statement
about these duties and that letter. When these
parties were about to be sued for $301),000 of-for-
feitures, and theirbusmrss was about to be broken
up, they were then willing to pay the Govern-
ment. the duties, for there was nothing but rum to 1
them in this arrangement, to their character, rep- :
( utation, and business. The Government officers
j! refused their offer, and brought suit for $300,000
!' forfeiture against them, breaking up their busi-
' ness entirely. The Government was defeated in
i[ the courts on the forfeiture; and now they say,
!' pay us the duty. These gentlemen were put 10
j| very great expense in defending their case; they
j1 have brought here and presented to the committee
;| a transcript of the rccoid, containing all the evi-
ji dence; and when that came to the committee of
ji which I am a member, my friend, the chairman,
\\ [Mr. Clay,] gave it to me to examine. It was
! the unanimous judgment of the gentlemen of the
! committee who investigated it, that they should
| not.be charged with the $24,000.
i The Senator does not answer the allegation as
to the malfeasance of these officers. The idea
: that the district attorney had to be consulted is
, not tenable. Any of the officers could have gone
and made an affidavit, and had this man arrested.
. They Icnew the facts on Saturday; they waited
i a'l day Sunday; he was m the office on Monday,
j They might have made an affidavit in ten minutes
; and arrested him, and probably got this very
i money back; but they give him time to run off,
and then seize these innocent men, and attempt
to prosecute them for fraud, as well as to hold
them liable for $300,000. They have been put to
great trouble and great expense in defending the
case. The Government failed before the district
court of the United States at New Orleans. I have
before me the report of the speech of the present
district attorney, whom the honorable Senator
knows very well, and I do too, an eminent gen-
tleman formerly of this city, who said that noth-
ing but a sense of public duty induccd him,
against his feelings, to prosecute the claim for
forfeiture. He said there was not the slightest
blame attached to these parties. I have his speech
before me, in a New Orleans paper; but I shall
not take up time by reading it. It entirely excul-
pates these gentlemen. When they stand blame-
less, when they have had to defend themselves
against a clainvof $300,000, and a ruthless prose-
cution of these men to getforfeitures, I think noth-
ing would be more just and proper in the Senate,
under the circumstances, than for the Senate to
say that they should not be compelled to suffer
by their unfortunate connection with this partner,
if you choose to call him so, thrice partner, if
you please, three hundred times partner, when
the fraud was permitted by the neglect of the Gov-
ernment officers. I think it appeals to the gener-
osity and magnanimity of every Senator that they
should not be compelled to pay one cent.
Mr. KING. When this claim waa first pre-
sented to the Senate, I did not suppose that the
claimants asked for anything more than a release
from the penalties and forfeitures; and if that was
all they asked, I was notdisposed to inteipose ob-
jections to the passage of their bill. Upon look-
ing at the bill, however, I find that itdoes in terms
release them from all claims, as well as penalties
and forfeitures, which wouldmclude a release from
any duties that mightbe due. Now, I know noth-
ing of the facts of this case except as they have
appealed before the Senate to-day; but I do know
that just complaints exist throughout the country
of iiauds practiced by false invoices and false en-
tries at the custom-houses. I know, too—for I
live upon the frontiers—that the revenue laws of
the country are not popular laws upon the fron-
tiers, and that they are not popular with ihe lm-
poiteis; and that they desire always to have them
constiued hbeially, and that there is too much
disposition to look lightly upon evasions of them.
Hut when frauds are detected, [ think certainly
they should be visited with the just penalties or
the law. In this case, a commercial house, which
it turns out contains two respectable partners—for
I have no disposition to say anything in derogation
of the eulogiums that have been pronounced on
the character of these two gentlemen—took a man
into their firm for the purpose of transacting their
custom-house business and paying their duties;
and, upon an examination of their books, every-
thing looks entirely plain and well. If there had
been originally a design upon the part of this firm,
through a course of years, to commit a series of
frauds upon the revenue, it might be that they
were prepared, when detected, to show a pretty
clean record for themselves; and one of the part-
ners runs away, thus relieving the firm from the
odium that would attach to them if they could all
have been obnoxious to suspicion. That might
be done; I do not say it has been done here.
Now, when they come and ask not only to be
relieved from the forfeitures, but to be relieved
from the payment of the duties of which the
Treasury of the nation has been defrauded by the
act of .their partner, I must say that I think the
question entitled to the serious consideration of
the Senate; and I am rather surprised to find the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] advocating
this claim, for in general, upon all this character
and class of claims, I vote with him, and I think
he is generally sound on them. Admitting these
men to be entirely as innocent and as honorable
as they are claimed to be, it is their misfortune
that they were connected with this rogue; but ho
was a man of their own selection. The proofs of
all the facts and circumstances of this case are un-
known to us; they are m the courts. W-e are told
that these gentlemen are not liable in the courts.
Well, if they aie not, they are in no trouble. If
they are not liable for the penalties and forfeit-
ures, and not liable for the criminal act of the
