THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5- * -#V
THE OFFIGIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1858.
New Series. No. 21.
ciate with the white race, either in social or political rela-
tions; and so far inferior, that they had no rights which the
white man was bound to respect; and that the negro might
justly and lawfully be leducedto slaveiyfor his benefit.
He was bought and sold, and treated as an ordinary articie
of merchandise and itattic, whcuevei a profit could be made
by it. This opinion was at that time fixed and uniwiMil
in the civilized pomon of the white lace. It was regarded
as an axiom in morals, as well as in politics, which no one
thought ol deputing, or supposed to be open to dispute 5
and men in eveiy grade and position in society daily and
habitually acted upon it in their private pursuits, as well as
matters of public concern, without doubting tor a moment
the correctness of this opinion.
" And id no nation was this opinion more firmly fixed or
more uniformly acted upon than by the English Govern-
ment and English people. They not only seized them on
the coast of Africa, and sold them or held them in slavery
for their own use; but they took them as ordinary articles
of merchandise to every country where they could make a
profit on thorn, and were far more extensively engaged in
this commerce than any other nation in the world.
" The opinion thus entertained and acted uponm England,
was naturally impressed upon the colonies tliey founded 011
this side of the Atlantic. And, accordingly, a negio of the
African race was regarded by them as an article of property,
and held and bought and sold as tuch, in every one of the
thiiteen colonies which united m the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, and afterwards formed the Constitution of the
united States. The slaves were more or less numeious in
the ihflfeient, colonies, as slave labor was found more 01 less
profitable ; but no one beema to have doubted the correctness
of the prevailing opinion of the time."
Mr. SEWARD. With the leave of the honor-
able Senator, I perceive that he is not through
with his argument, and not likely to be very soon,
and yet I suppose he is on a point where it will
be convenient to stop; and as the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs has ex-
pressed a desire to have an executive session to-
day, I will, if the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire has no objection, or if it is perfectly
convenient to him, move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
After some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 18, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. R. Eckard.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
CHARGES OF CORRUPTION.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Messrs. Stanton, Moore, Ivunkel of
Pennsylvania, Wright of Georgia, and Russell,
aspecial committee to investigate the matter of the
alleged corruption of members or officers of the
last Congress, in the disbursement of the item of
$87,000, charged in the books of Lawrence, Stone
& Co., of Boston, in connection with the passage
of the tariff law of 1857.
COLUMBIA DEAF AND DUMB INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the motion of Mr. Wasiiburn, of
Maine, to suspend the rules for the purpose of
his introducing the following resolution:
Resolved', That the use of the old Hall of the Iloupe of
Kepresentatives be allowed, on Friday evening next, to the
Columbia Institution for the instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind, incorporated by Congress at its last
session, for an exhibition of the progress made by the pupils
of that mbtituuon.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to mod-
ify the resolution by substituting Thursday in-
stead of Friday; and I would say that the Hall has
been heretofore granted for similar purposes.
Mr. GRANGER. 1 hope the House will allow
me to present a petition of a very interesting char-
acter, and to have it referred. I hope it will be
allowed to be read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let it go in under
the rules.
Mr. GRANGfER. It is very brief and very
interesting. I presume nobody will object if they
will hear it read.
Mr. LETCHER. I object. Let it go in under
the rules.
21
Mr. J. GLANC Y JONES. What has become
of the resolution of the gentleman from Maine?
The SPEAKER. It is pending before the
House.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division, ayes 106, noes 25.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only six-
teen members voting therefor.
So the rules were suspended; and the resolution
was introduced.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
previous question on the passage of the resolu-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question oraeied.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine,moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopted,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
TEXAS BOUNDARY.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask leave of the House to
introduce a bill for reference. I desire to state
that it is a bill providing for the running and mark-
ing of the boundary line between the State of
Texas and the territories of the United States.
There is a boundary of some eight hundred miles
in length between the teiritories of the United
States and the territory of Texas, which is an
open boundary. The people of Texas are locating
their land certificates on the territory of Texas,
and disputes have arisen among themselves as to
whether they may not be encroaching on the ter-
ritories of the United States. There are other
points of view showing the necessity for the pas-
sage of this bill; but I think that this of itself is
sufficient to show the great importance of having
this boundary line run.
Mr. GROW. I do not wish to object to the
bill of the gentleman from Texas; but, if we pur-
sue the regular order of business, every gentle-
man who has bills to introduce can have tlicm
introduced. If we allow one or another gentle-
man to present bills in this way, we will never*
get to the regular order of business, and one half
of the bills cannot be presented. I, therefore, ob-
ject.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to ask a single ques-
tion. I understand that this is a simple proposi-
tion to introduce a bill for reference to a commit-
tee ?
Mr. REAGAN. It is for reference only.
The Clerk reported the title of the bill as fol-
lows:
A bill to authorize the President of the United
States, in conjunction with the State of Texas, to
run and mark the boundary lines between the
territories of the United States and the State of
Texas.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I do not know that
there is any objection to this bill; but I suppose
there is no reason why the rules should be sus-
pended for the purpose of allowing it to be intro-
duced. There are hundreds of other bills in the
House, to be introduced, for which there is just
as much necessity.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask leave to make one ad-
ditional explanation.
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
78, noes 71.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I rise to a question
of privilege. I desire to call up a motion made by
me on the 5th of Jariuaiy last, to leconsider the
vote by which certain bills from-the Court of
Claims we re referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be oil
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
Court of Claims bill, No. 44, for the relief of Jane
Smith, of the county of Clermont, Ohio, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 have but a word
to say on the subject. I did not understand the
matter at the time these bills were referred, on
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, or I should have objected. Under the rules
of the House they ought to have been referred to
the Committee of Claims. That committee is or-
ganized for the express purpose of examining into
this class of business. It is composed of lawyers.
They have no doubt adopted certain rules by which
they will be enabled to give to the reports from the
Court of Claims, the speedy, minute, and thorough
consideration which they deserve. The rest of the
bills from the Court of Claims have gone to that
committee, and there is no reason why these bills
should not take the usual course. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Will the gentleman
withdraw the call for the previous question to
allow me to put a question to him ?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will for that pur-
pose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman cannot withdraw
the call for the previous question and still retain
the floor. The gentleman had concluded his
speech when he called the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not of the
opinion that it is strictly in order, although ithas
been the practice of the House for gentlemen to
withdraw the call for the previous question to an-
swer a question which may be propounded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Ohio had concluded his remarks before he
called for the previous question; and now when
he withdraws the call for the previous question,
he loses the floor altogether.
Mr. GREENWOOD, fn order to relieve the
Chair from the difficulty created by the question
of order, if the gentleman from Ohio will with-
draw the call for the previous question, I will
promise to renew it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I withdraw the call
for the previous question on condition that the
gentleman from Arkar^sas will renew it before he
takes his seat.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I do not desire to inter-
fere with this motion in any shape or any form. I
would inquire of the gentleman from Ohio if there
is not an express rule of the House requiring all
bills from the Court of Claims to be referred to the
Committee of Claims ?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Such is the fact.
The 154th rule requires that all these bills shall
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That being the esse, I
think an improper direction has been given to
these bills by the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and that there can be
no objection to the motion to reconsider,in order
that they may have a proper reference. I call for
the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole oil the
state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN, ofOhio. Is it in order to
submit that motion pending a privileged question t
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is. A
motion to suspend the rules would have the effect
to suspend this rule of privilege, as well as the
other rules of the House.
Mr. COMINS. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will withhold his motion for a sin-
gle moment. The bark Jehu, owned by Daniel
