1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
by a census, when,on the face of the paper itself,
it appears that there are counties in which a census
has never been taken at aii.
I call the attention of the Senate to a further
fact. It seems to ine that the letter which has been
read from the officer who took the census is per-
fectly satisfactory to every camiid mind that in
the counties in which a census is pretended to
have been taken, n was taken undcrsueh circum-
stances that no man can rely on it as showing the
true population of Minnesota. Why, sir, he tells
us that in a district of country covering thirty-
two thousand four hundred square miles, (and in
that space several of the small States might be set
down,) no census has been taken at all. Heie is
a State that comes asking for admission into the
Union, and claims a ^presentation according to
her population, and you say the number she shall
have in the lower House shall be determined by
the population shown by the census, when the
very officer under whose control that census was
taken tells you that upwards of thirty-two thou-
sand square miles of the territory covered by that
proposed State has never had a census taker's
track upon the soil!
In addition to that, the same officer tells you
that in many instances there was no attempt to
take a census, because there was no adequate com-
pensation provided for the officers; that in some
instances the papers were burnt up. Now, I say,
if you look to that census, it seems to me no fair
minded man can for a moment entertain the be-
lief that justice can be done to this new .State in
its representation, if you make that the basis on
which you are to estimate the amount of political
power she shall have. Does not justice require
that you should look further? Is not the popu-
lation in that Territory entitled to representation ?
Especially are not the men who are able to vote
there, entitled to representation ? When I was
on the floor before, I referred to the case of one
county as an illustration of the manner in which
this census was taken. The Senator from Vcr- j
mont answers it by saying- it is but conjecture to j
suppose that the individual who lived in another j
county took only such names as were brought to J
him in his store. I suppose that the very fact '
that the census taker did not live m the county is :
the strongest piima facie evidence that that cen- |
sus taker did not do his duty in taking the popu- ,
lation of the county. Why take a man who does
not live in the county, and especially when we !
know the fact that the compensation was such as
not to justify the man in doing the work, the pay
being per capita ?
Now, Mr. President, is it not a little hard to
say to this new State, seeking admission into the
Union, that we will hold you down to a census,
which census is impotfeet in the particulars to
winch I have called the attention of the Senate,
and for the reason that the officers were not ade-
quately ptid! They were not adequately paid
because Congress did not make a proper appro-
priation in th-U respect. We made a provision
which does not enable them to have a fair census;
and yet we say thoy shall be bound to the strict-
ness and severity of that law, in fixing her repre-
sentation m the lower House.
One Senator says shall we give Minnesota a
representation that she dues not ask? I answer
no; I say that Minnesota asks for tins represent-
ation in the most solemn manner in which that
claim can be presented to the Congress of ihe
United States. In her constitution she asks for
three members in the lower House. The very
instrument that organized her government pro-
posed to organize that government with that rep-
resentation. I say, therefore, that the claim of
Minnesota is not to be resisted by saying that s ;e
does not ask for three Representatives, especially
when we have before us her constitution with the
demand solemnly preferied for that number.
But it is said that Minnesota is under a mis- 1
take. On what is that founded ? Have we any-
evidence that Minnesota is under a mistake? Sir,
this representation is claimed for he* by a conven-
tion whicn consisted of representatives of the peo- i
pie from every part oft lie Terntory There were '
men there froirt the thirty-two thousand squa-e |
miles in which no census was talc n. Tnose men '
knew what was the condition ot the population
in those counties. Minnesota not only m her con- ■
stitmion asks for thrte IUpreventatives, but she
her own representation in her own local Le-
gislature upon the name basis, as I am told, and
as has been said here by a Senator on this floor,
who has a peisonal knowledge of thoracis per-
taining to the formation of the State government
of Minnesota. On the veiy same basis does she
ask for representation to the amount of three
members in the lower Hou^e of Congress, that she
fixes her own representation upon.
Then it is said that there were frauds in the
elections of Minnesota. Well, sir, frauds may
have been charged; but is there any evidence here
that there has been anything fraudulent in the
proceedings m Minnesota? At.all events, is thejc
anything upon which such a suggestion as that
can be based that is sufficient to overrule the glar-
ing impci feetions m taking the census in that pro*
i posed new State? I pass that by.
1 Mr, TRUM BULL. If the Senator from Mis-
souri would allow me, I should like to inquire of
htm here whether he thinks it would be fan* to
give Minnesota a larger representation than Iowa,
which lias mote than double its population, ac-
l cording to any estimate of votes or anything
' else ?
Mr. FOLK. 1 was about to say a word on that
subject. I answer that by saying, that because
Iowa may not have as much representation in the
other House as Minnesota will get if we admit
her with three tut mbeis, that is no reason why
Minnesota should not have her three members if
she has the population, as I contend she has, that .
justly entitles her to three members.
I instanced the other day the case of my own
State of Missouri. We have but seven Itepre-.
sentatives in the other House of Congress. If.
there were a census taken to-day in Missouri,
properly, correctly, taken, 1 brieve Missouri
would be entitled to two additional Representa-
tives—certainly to one. 1 believe that if we admit
Minnesota with thiee Repress utatives, she may
have comparatively more political power than my
own State or the State of Iowa; but will she have
anything like as much as many of ilnfse States
from winch most of her population has emigrated^ j
There is the point where the inequality arises; 1
this population in Minnesota is not her mutual i
increase since the last census; nor is it entnely a ;
population that is made up byforoign immigration 1
from abroad, h is mainly a population that lias :
gone m to that lie w'lVn itoi y fi om the other States, !
and these other States have aheadya lepresonta- 1
tion in the other branch of Congress bas<<d on
that very population. That population tins ceased
to be on the soil of the old States, and Iris gone
into this new State of Minnesota. Now that ihey '
are citizens of Minnesota with-new Iioiyks, with
new interests, with new political rights, with new
associations, with iiew prospi cts, and new hopes,
new m all resneets m their locality* shall they be
unrepresented in Minnesota,and Massachusetts,
Vermont, New Hampshire, and ail the other States
from which they have gom , have a t ep^escntauon
based on them after they have left the territory of
those States ?
Mr. WILSON. T th.nk the Senator some-
what mistaken m his calculations. In the first
place, the emigration that sroes to the western
country from our section of the Union is our sur-
plus of population. We have a large immigra-
tion into our pait of the country. My own State,
from 18.50 to 1355, held her full ratio of increase,
and a ratio of increase above the average of the
United States. She added one hundred and fifty
thousand to her population in those five ycais.
Mr. POLK. It may he that I was wrong in
putting Massachusetts in that category. 1 hove ;
not looked at the census, nor arn i familiar with 1
the facts there; but I know thot it is true in regard
to many of the States, i made this reference to
individual States merely for the purpose of illus-
trating a principle, which principle, I undertake ,
to say, we must aii be convinced, js beyond all
question. One thing is certain, that there a; c t ery
many persons in Minnesota, and I undertake to ;
assci t three fourths of the population of that State,
who have emigrated from other States, when they
had theretofore already be<m ennmernted as con-
stituting the basis of reorientation in the Static
from which they wr-mt. There is the poi.it of the
inequality and injustice. MntnesoM mayn't th" 1
representation that m justice she is en:uh%l t >,
but other States have a poht.cal power m one
branch of this Government fu a pepelation :hat
is actually in Minnesota. Minnesota does not get
it, but other States do get it. Now, I say, gi?e
■ it to the people who reside there* and let them
1 have the political power that a State with from two
: hundred and fifty to three hundred thousand pop-
\\ ulation is entitled to have.
j I ask Senators only to look at the fact that here
j( is a census, a pretended census, m the taking ©f
j; which not a single individual, not a man, woman,
ij or child, was enumerated in a space of country
[1 upwards of thirty-two thousand square miles in
q extent, and you say that the State shall be bound
,! down to such a census as that. I undertake to
i, say that Minnesota, if she is to come here with
;i one Representative, comes in with injustice done
: her n the very act of admission; and that, too,
i j when we know that her population, as the Senator
j; from Ohio well said,and as the Senator from In-
dianuelso repeated, is iuctcasirig constantly in a
ratio, perhaps, that is unparalleled in any new
;| State in the Union.
;j I will merely add, Mr. President, in regard to
j! Iowa and my own State—and there are other
| States probably in the same category that we are,
i | in the misfortune of not being able "to do justice
j; to Iowa and Missouri, because we have to wait
;I for the expiration of the decade before a new
'j census can be taken—it is unfortunate that Iowa
■ I has less of political power than she ought to have;
it is unfortunate that Missouii has less of politi-
cal power than she ought to have in comparison
to other States; but I say that is no reason why
Minnesota should be putin the same category with
those two States, and be compelled to iio under
the same injustice of insufficient representation,
until a new census can be taken.
Now, Mr. President, I am not in favor of the
su^estion, os the best suggestion, offered by the
vSeiKuor fiom Massachusetts, though that is belter
than the section as it will stand if it should be
arm-ndi d in the way now proposed. I am in favor
of the suggestion nude by the Senator from Geor-
gia, and I shall move the amendment which ho
suggested after the vote on this amendment shall
be taken, if it shall be voted down; that is, to give
Minnesota her three Representatives now, making
provision, at the same time, for taking the new
census, and giving to the officers sufficient pay to
justify them in doing the woik; and then, if it
shall turn out that her population does not entitle
her to three, give her two, or any less number
that her population may show to be her due.
JJuf, sir, I have no kind of doubt in my own mind
that, if tho amendment, to which I call attention
I sh.ill pass, Minnesota w:'l never bo represented
i m the other branch of this Government by less
| than three Representatives; on the contrary, [ be-
1 lieve she will retain her thtee, and by the time the
:! general census is t:\ken at the commencement of
■ the next decade, she will be entitled to lour, and
'i perhaps m<tre than that. I do not wish to detain
^ the Seiene, and I am willing that the vote should
'j be taken, as f<>r as 1 am concerned.
•! Mr. JONES. As Iowa has been referred to in
' this debate, and allusion has been made to her
representation in Congress, I desire to say that
; my colleague, at an early day of the session, m-
:! trodneed a resolution which lias been referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, instructing that
. committee to report a bill to give to the new States
• winch have increased m population since the last
! census the representation to which they would be
! entitled in Oongi esss* according to that increase.
| The reason of mv colleague for offering the reso-
i lution was, that he was apprised of the feci that
1 great injustice was done to our Sthte and other
j new States wh.eh have notgot the representation
I to which they are entitled. The Judicmi y Com-
! mitteo, I believe, has never made any lenort on
1 the subject. We, m Iowa, know that we have not
' justice under the existing law, and we cannot have
it until the jaw be changed. Wo have a popula-
tion of between six hundred thousand and st ven
hundred thousand 5 end yet we have only two Rf p-
lvsentati -'ts in the other floor,'"4. Though we know
that jU'iUee is wahhehl ftom us, we are n<n will-
ing, ;it heist 1. as ore"1 of the ^e'lafo*«: fi om I owe,
am not wihtnt", to see Minnesota deprived of what
she is entn h'd to.
Mr. P0L:v. I should like to know of the Sen-
a'- r finrn [ov/a what was the population of his
S:a'e w'vm it was admitted into f!ie L'mcri:
Mr. 30NUS. I do not recoi'ect.
Mr. IIA KLAN. It was one hundred and nine-
ty-two thousand,
