1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
369
35th Cong....1st Sess.
De Visser and Villarubia—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
partner, these two innocent gentlemen have no
apprehensions of anything to suffer. But the
sugar has been imported into the country, and
they have received the profits on these invoices,
for they seem to have been carried on their books
to their profit and lossaccount; theyhave received
the benefit of the importations, and one of the
partners certainly has received the benefits of the
amount of duty of which the Government has
been defrauded. Knowing nothing of the case,
I would not object to this bill, and I only speak
because there seems to be a disposition on the
part of the Senate to exclude this amendment.
Gentlemen ask to have the question taken upon
it, and there seems to be nothing said upon the
fropriety of insisting on the payment of duties,
f there is persistent objection to the payment of
these duties, I hope the question will be taken by
yeas and nays. I should like to vote to require
the payment of the duties, and then I am willing
to relieve these gentlemen from the penalties.
Mr. IVERSON. I think there are very grave
objections to the passage of this bill for the relief
of these parties on general principles; but still I
am willing to waive my objections to this partic-
ular case, because there seems to have been some
laches or neglect on the part of Government offi-
cers in permitting this fraud to go on so long as
it did without detection. That is the only ground,
in my opinion, upon which this claim has one
particle of foundation.
Now, sir, this bill will hold out nothing but a
reward for fraud and perjury if it pass. Here-
after, if a partner or a clerk employed by an im-
porting house commits frauds of this kind, the
parties have nothing to do but to come to Con-
gress and say, " we were honest; we were de-
ceived; we did not practice frauds; our clerk com-
mitted them; and you must relieve us not only
from the penalty, but not compel us to pay one
cent of the duties." It is an inducement held out
to every dishonest member or agent of an import-
ing house who enters invoices at custom-houses
to commit fraud. They have nothing to lose by
it, for they will argue in this way: " if I can suc-
ceed in this particular it is all well; I will put the
money in my pocket; but if I am detected, my
partners or employers have nothing to do but to
go to Congress and set up a cry of honesty on
their part, and deception on the part of their
agent, and get rid of the whole payment."
The penalties imposed are intended to secure
honesty; and when you release those penalties
you hold out a reward to dishonesty and corrup-
tion. This very case will be an inducement for
others to commit frauds under similar circum-
stances, and be a precedent for Congress to release
parties from their obligations. That is simply
the result; and my word for it, if this bill passes
you will have case after case hereafter, fraud after
fraud committed upon your revenues, and parties
will come here ana appeal to the sympathies of
gentlemen to release them because they have not
been participants in the frauds. It is a danger-
ous precedent, in my opinion; but I am willing
to yield my objections in this particular case, on
account of the circumstances disclosed m the tes-
timony, showing that the Government officers .
themselves were somewhat in laches; it was their
fault, perhaps, that this fraud was not detected
earlier than it was, and that this party was not
arrested and held in custody, and made to pay the
penalty of his crimes; but without this amend-
ment it seems to me very unfair that this bill
should pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to detain the
Senate, but it does seem to me that it is a most
extraordinary course which gentlemen have taken.
I have great respect for the kindness, good tem-
per, and justice of my excellent friend from New
York, [Mr. King;] but it does seem to me he has
not carried his suspicions quite far enough, lie i
thinks these partners might have kept this man ;
for the purpose of imposing on the custom-house.
Now we learn from the facts stated to-day—I have j
never looked into the case before—that he was |
recommended to them as a business man, confi-
dential and intelligent, and not for the spccial pur-
pose, I believe, of transacting business at the cus-
tom-house as suggested. He was recommended
by his former employers as a most reliable man,
and he was made a partner to sustain and encour-
New Series—No. 24.
age him, and requite him for his fidelity. They
gave him every encouragement necessary, and,
being recommended by former business men who
had him in their employment, it was natural that
they should confide to him important trusts. That
is, I believe, about the circumstance of his being
employed by them; but it is just as probable that
he had partners in the custom-house, who were
sleeping or dormant partners, as to suppose that
he had partners out of it. It does seem to me that
four years' delinquency and perpetration of crime
on his part is conclusive evidence that there must
have been collusion in the custom-house, and that
the collector of the customs is responsible for the
deeds, and not this firm in New Orleans, of which
a partner was involved in complicity. I think
the securities of the collector at New Orleans were
answerable for these injuries to the Government;
and if it was defrauded out of customs, it was his
business to prevent it; and if the Government lost,
owing to any neglect of his, his securities are re-
sponsible, for their obligation was to vindicate his
honesty as a public officer; to see that he per-
formed his duties as a public officer. A man might
be honest, and yet utterly neglectful in the dis-
charge of his duties, and involve the country m
ruinous consequences to its revenues; and in that
event, the sureties are generally as responsible as
if he had been guilty of purloining money from
the custom-house at New Orleans.
I can arrive at no conclusion whatever but that
these gentlemen are guiltless. Meteye, if you
view him technically, may have been their part-
ner, and they may be liable for his conduct; but,
on principle, so far as the facts are manifested
here, not a solitary suspicion can attach to them,
as I apprehend the case—not the slightest suspi-
cion. If I believed there had been delinquency
on their part, or that, by collusion or contrivance
with this partner, they had defrauded the revenue,
I could not give countenance to any application of
theirs, if they were willing at one time to com-
promise, and to make a great sacrifice to get out
of the difficulties in which they weie involved,
owing to the misconduct or neglcct of the collector
of the customs, if they were willing when a most
alarming ruin was before their eyes, to compro-
mise, that should not be pressed against this bill
now. The honorable Senator from Louisiana on
my right, [Mr. Slidell,] did not give us the date
of the letter he read; but subsequent events show
that these gentlemen have been vindicated. The
people in the vicinage, who understand all the
facts of the case, have come to a conclusion very
different from some of the gentlemen of this body;
and, for my own part, I am prepared to vote
against this amendment: and 1 am equally determ-
ined to vote for any measure that will give them
this relief—avert the evils thai have been threat-
ened, and arrest the wrong. I am willing to vote
for any measure that will give them relief, and
visit responsibility on the officers of the Govern-
ment, and direct the eye of the Government to
them. It should not, in these responsible offices,
place favorites on account of political claims,
but men who are elevated by their moral worth,
whether of this party or that party—men who
have established a high character, and obtained
standmgin society. These are the men I want to
see placed in office; and not delinquent favorites,
or men who come with the clamor of friends to
sustain them, and have not character to herald
them to the world.
Mr, CHANDLER. I am somewhat familiar
with this question of fiauds upon the Treasury.
In New York, American eituen>' have been driven
from certain ki n ds of importations en tavly tluough
just such frauds as this. The ordinary course is
to take a partner fur thisexpress purpos*—i man :
who will swear to a false invoice. A house is !
established m New York, and foreign nitumfdc- !
turers send it a false invoice, and by that process j
they have driven honest, upright, and honoiable ]
American citizens entirely out of their own mar- !
ketforthatspeciesofmerchandisu. I knownoth- 1
ing about this case at all, I presume these gentle- '
men to be honorable num: but our act'on upon
this claim will be looked to with great solicitude ■
by a large class of the men to whom I h?ve al- !
luded who have engaged in this kind of business. ]
I trust that the Senate will not oiler a bribe to ras- i
cality. I trust we shall not offer a bounty upon i
perjury and false invoices in our custom-houses,
if this amendment should be carried compelling
the parties to refund the money which they justly
and honestly owe the Government, I shall have
no particular objection to their being allowed to
go scot free of the penalty, on account of their
high character, as here represented; but to offer
this bounty upon fraud and perjury, would be a
most dangerous precedent, it seems tome, for the
Congress of the United States to set. I hopethis
amendment will prevail.
Mr. BAYARD. I have entertained from the
first no earthly doubt that it was shocking to the
sense of natural justice that we should attempt to
enforce criminally against innocent men the pen-
alties of the law for the fault of a guilty partner.
It is contrary to every principle of the common
law. I doubt whether tho Government could pos-
sibly succeed in any prosecution of that kind; and
certainly a proceeding for confiscation or to re-
cover a penalty for a false invoice is a criminal
proceeding. IVIy doubt has been as to whether,
in passing this bill to relieve the parties from this
prosecution, we ought to impose such terms as
are now proposed. There are many technical
questions involved; but these parties ought not to
be subject to this liability, as theproofis clear that
they were not morally responsible or cognizant of
the acts of the partner. My doubts have been
whether we ought to hold them civilly liable and.
make it a condition of relief that they should pay
the duties which the Governmenthas not received,
in consequence of the fraud. My first inclination
of opinion was that we oug-ht to exact the pay-
ment of duties, and I think I should have retained
that impression but for one fact; if I am wrong
in the fact, of course I should come to my origi-
nal conclusion, if I understand the case rightly
there was, at least, gross ncgligence on the part
of the agents of the Government, they having the
means of discovering the fraud running through
a course of years; and these partners, though the
other was their partner if you please—there is no
magic in the term; it means merely that he was
employed by their authority—had not the means
of detection; they paid the excess into the hands
of this individual; and the profits of the fraud
have not inured to the benefit of the firm but
to the benefit of the fraudulent party, and that
through the negligence of the Government.
But it did not stop there. The officers knew of
the existence of fraud; they discovered it on Sat-
urday. They then examined and found further
frauds on Sunday. The guilty parly was at the
custom-house on Monday, the party who had the
entire transactions with them personally, the only
one known to the officers, and they suffered him
to escape, and then turned round and, after he had
escaped, arrested innocent parties, and sued them,
not for tho duties, but for confiscations and pen-
alties, to the amount of $360,000. Under these
circumstances, if any benefit inured to these inno-
cent parties from the fraudulent entries made by
their copartner, beyond all question that ought to
go to the Government; but if theyhave received
no benefit, and the fraudulent party alone has
received the benefit, the Government choosing to
suffer him to escape, it ought not to make it a con-
dition of remission of those penalties that the other
partners shall pay that from which they have re-
ceived no benefit at all. I shall vote against the
amendment, with my \ie\v of the facts as they
now stand, because these men have received no
benefit from the frauds of their partner.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have been exceedingly
unwilling to s<t"v anything about tins matter. I
was veiy much in hopes the friends of the bill,
would consent to this amendment. If it be con-
sented to by them, or if the amendment be made
by the Senate, I shall be willing to vote for the
bill. If not, 1 must vote against it. I am willing
that these men shall be lehevcd from the penal-
ties; but i confess I have been sui prised by the
mode of argument adopted to defend the objection
which is made to this amendment. Just look at
the case for a .single instant; look at the whole
argument as presented.
The gentlemen who came here as petitioners
entered into paitnership with this Meteye. No
matter whether they gave him a small amount of
the profits or not, they entered into partnership
wuh this man; they indorsed him; they gave him
