322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Draper & Son, of Boston, is now lying in New
York harbor, waiting only for the passage of a
bill upon the Speaker's table authorizing the issue
of a register. I hope that bill will be taken up at
this time, and passed by unanimous consent.
Mr. J. Q-LANCY JONES. I insist on ray mo-
tion. *
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is it in order,
pending one motion to suspend the rules, for an-
other similar motion to take precedence ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken.
The motion of the gentleman from Ohio is to re-
consider a vote of the House, and not to suspend
the rules.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to go into committee.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 89, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Bishop, Bocock, Brand), Burnett, Casbkie, Hoi sic p. P. ("lark,
John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cock-
enlljCornmg, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawfoid,
Curry, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis ot Mississippi,
Dewart, Dowdcll, Edmundson, Edie, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Foloy, Garnett, Gartrell, Goode, Greenwood,
Gregg, Lawrence VV. Hall, Thomas L. Harris. Hickman,
Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huylor, Geotge W.Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kcitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lawrence,
Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, Samuel S. Marshall, MilUon,
Montgomery, Nibluck, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Quitman, Jloady, Reagan, Rufim, Russell, Scales,
Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter,
Singleton, Stephens, Steven&on, James A Stewart, Talbot,
M lea Taylor, Ward, Warren, Walking Whiteloy, Worton-
dyke, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wught, and Zolhcof-
tor—69.
NAYS—'Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bark&dale, Bennett,
Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Boyce, Bmyton, Rnthnton,
vmgiu, uuius, u<vvi3 oi mussueuuseu-*, uavts oi
iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee. Farn=worth,
Foster, Giddings,Gilman, Gilmer, Goodwin, Gtangei, Rob-
ert li. Hall, Harlan, Hatch, Hoard, llorton, Howaid, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, KUgore, Knapp, Leach, Leitei, Lovejoy,
Humphrey Marshall, Maynard, Miller, Morgan, Momll,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman If. Mor e,
Oliver A. Moise, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Puiviance, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Robbms. Royce, Sandidge, John Sherman, Robert
Smith, William Smith,Stanton, William Stewart,Tappan,
George Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Un-
derwood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwala-
der C. Wasltburne, tilhhu B. Washbutue,Israel Washburn,
Wilson, Wood, and Woodson—98.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the call of the roll—
Mr. HiCIvMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Chapman-, was confined to his room, and had
been for a week, by indisposition.
The motion to lay upon the table was disa-
greed to; and the question recurred on the mo-
tion to reconsider, on which the previous ques-
tion had been demanded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereoi the vote referring the bill to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions was reconsidered.
The question recurring upon the motion to re-
fer to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions-
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, moved that the bill
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was ac-
cordingly referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now call up the
next motion to reconsider upon the Calendar,
■which is to reconsider a vote by which a bill
(C. C. No. 45) for the relief of Luanda Robin-
son, of the county of Orleans, State of Vermont,
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions. It is a case of exactly the same char-
acter as the previous one. I will merely remark
that this is a matter in which I have no par-
ticular feeling. There are a great many cases
of this kind—I forget how many, but I suppose a
thousand or so, judging from the report of the
Commissioner of Pensions, at the present session
—and the pensions for the time covered by the de-
cision of the Court of Claims, involve some two
million dollars. The question involved is purely
a question of pensions, and that of a particular
class—the widows of revolutionary soldiers. As
it was a question of that character, and as all
questions of that sort had heretofore gone to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, and as
that committee was organized with a view to the
investigation of such questions, it did seem to me
that it was the proper and the most appropriate
committee to investigate the decision which the
Court of Claims has made.
And, sir, when I made the proposition in the
House to change the reference to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions from the Committee of
Claims, it was unanimously agreed to. Though
the rule required them to go to the Committee of
Claims, I supposed that unanimous consent, or a
suspension of the rules, would leave the. House
free to give them whatever direction they thought
proper. But, if it is the opinion of the House
that the Committee of Claims, already, perhaps,
burdened with the amount of business referred
to it, shall also be charged with the investiga-
tion of this subject, I, sir, having, as I said before,
no particular feeling on the subject, shall not fur-
ther resist the action of the House upon the ques-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 will not reply to
the gentleman from Tennessee, but I ask that, by
general consent, all the hills upon the Calendar,
of the same character, and standing in the same
position, may take the same reference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Letus have them
one at a time.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to reconsider; and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, moved that th^ bill
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was next stated upon the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (C. C-
No. 46) for the relief of Hannah Weaver, of
Wayne county, Pennsylvania, was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask for a division of the
question.
Mr. WARREN. Has the previous question
been ordered upon'the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. It lias not.
Mr. WARREN. I simply desire to say that,
feeling an interest, as I always do, in widows, I
hope this motion will not prevail.
[A message, in writing, from the President of
the United States, was here received, at the hands
of James Buchanan Henry, the President's Pri-
vate Secretary.]
Mr. WARREN. I was induccd to make the
remark I did by one which fell from the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr Jones.] He said that
these claims—I know nothing ofthcir eharacter—
were m favor ofaclass of widows, and I am there-
fore induced to take the same " shutc" that the
gentleman does in their behalf, because I know he
has a very high rogard for widows, and I know
there is reason why he should appreciate them,
nsalso my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor-
ence.] I hope, therefore, this motion to recon-
sider will not prevail, but that they will be per-
mitted to take the course indicated by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,] and
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,"] who
have a special consideration for widows.
Mr. FLORENCE. Since the remarks made
by the gentleman upon the other side, and sinco I
made the demand for a division of the House, I
have changed my opinion, and for the reason
given by the gentleman from Arkansas. I am
kindly disposed to widows, and especially to
widows of revolutionary soldiers; and I am will-
ing to assist them to the extent of my power and
the influence of my vote in this House. I shall
now vote to reconsider the vote by which this
bill was referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, with the view of referring it to the
Committee of Claims, for the reason that I think
this course will best attain the purpose in view.
The Committee of Claims can report at any time,
while the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
can report only when the committees are called.
These widows will get the earliest hearing by re-
ferring the bills to the Committee of Claims, and
therefore I am in favor of the motion to recon-
sider. I desire not to detain the House longer
with giving reasons which influence my action,
such as those of generosity, humanity, &c., be-
cause everybody understands that those are the
considerations I have in view in everything I do
in this House. [Laughter.] i
Mr. LETCHER. Here is a committee that is i
1 specially charged with the consideration of rev- ;
j olutionary claims. It is their duty to be familiar '
with all bills passed in coifncction with that sub-
j ject; and if these bills go to that committee, they
; go to a committee already enlightened, and al-
' ready prepared to examine and report upon them
at an early day. The proposition now is to take
them away from that committee, and refer them
to the Committee of Claims—a committee which
has never had anything to do with revolutionary
claims, and are not familiar with the law. You
are undertaking to refer these bills to a commit-
tee ignorant upon the subject, and already bur-
dened with business. If these bills go there, the
committee will be required to inform themselves
upon a branch of business which has never been
referred to it.
Now, I have no feeling on the subject. I care
nothing about it, further than that I desire to see
all these references made to the appropriate com-
mittees; and it strikes me that the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions is the appropriate com-
mittee to which to refer all such bills as these.
Butthegentlemanfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor-
ence,] who seems very much interested by pro-
fession in widows, and certainly very little inter-
ested by practice, undertakes to tell you that he
desires to have the bills referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, because that committee can report
at any time. Now, the necessity for the relief
of these widows is so great, that I imagine, if the
legislation is made upon the same principle on
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania acts,
there would be no difficulty in having a report
submitted at any time. He says he legislates
upon the principles of humanity, and not upon
principles of law. Wow, sir, I propose to con-
form to the law; and if there is a majority of hu-
mane men in the House, so far as widows are
concerned, there can be no difficulty about it. I
hope, therefore, that, as this bill is fitly referred
now, it will be let alone; and that the committee
which already have charge of it will be allowed
to continue in charge of it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Ihave butaword
to say in reply to the gentleman from Virginia.
I do not propose to prolong this discussion. The
question involved in these claims is simply and
purely a legal one—one of the construction of a
statute. By the rules of the House, and by the
law, the Committee of Claims is designated to
examine all these claims which have been decided
upon by the Court of Claims. The House has,
on motion of the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, transferred a particular class of claims,
set up by widows, from the Committee of Claims
to another committee, that scarcely ever meets,
and probably will not consider them. You have
transferred them from the committee that has been
organized and designated by the House to exam-
ine cases coming from the Court of Claims.
Wow, sir, 1 desire, if it be in order, to move to
suspend the rules, so that the question may be
taken at once upon reconsidering the reference of
all these bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that would
hardly be in order. The bills must be disposed
of separately, according to the usage of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN, ofOhio. Then I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and, under the oper-
ation thereof, the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions was reconsidered.
Mr. WARREN. Would it be in order now to
move to refer the bill to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, in order to give my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Florence,.] who is a member of
that committee, charge of the widows?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The rules re-
quire that these bills should be sent to the Com-
mittee of Claims; and they must take that refer-
ence, unless, by the unanimous consent of the
House, they receive a different reference. It was
in that way that this bill was originally sent to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. WARREN". Well, let it go.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that by unanimous con-
sent all these bills will be disposed of at once.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] objected to that.
The. votes referring the following bills to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions were then
severally reconsidered, and the bills were referred
to the Committee of Claims:
A bill (C. C. No. 48) for the relief of Mary
Burt, Sciota county, Ohio;
