370
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
De Visser and ViUarubia—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
character as one of their firm; they put him forth
to the community as an honorable and honest
man; they intrusted him with their money to make
these payments of duties; they sent him to the
custom-house. By receiving him into partner-
ship, and putting their money into his hands, they
recommended him to the custom-house officers, i
and to everybody, as an honest man, and a man j
to be trusted. lie goes there, and he commits i
these frauds over and over and over again. It is j
net pretended that the custom-house officers are .
in complicity with him, that they are a party to '
the fraud; but that they did not exercise the vigi- !
lance they should have exercised to guard against '
the frauds he commits; and in consequence of j
those frauds the Government loses $*24,000, and I
finally having discovered them, seizes a part of |
the goods themselves, and commences prosecu- >
lion. These parties come up here now, not only ;
to be relieved of the penalty to the amount of !
about three hundred thousand dollars, but in ad- '
dition to that, to ask that the United States aban- \
don its claim for all it has lost, give up the goods
acquired by the penalties, and also allow them ;
to go free from the amount of which the United !
States has been defrauded—$24,000. Senators ,
say this is a hard case. These gentlemen have
been persecuted and prosecuted, and have paid
heavy costs, all on account of this man whom j
they trusted, they being honest men themselves. :
Well, who enabled him to commit these frauds?
They. Who gave him a character? They did.
Who put the money into his hands and senthim
to the custom-house ? They did; and they reply
to the Government of the United States, " it was
the business of your officers to watch and see that
our partner did not cheat you, and because you
did not do it, you ought to lose the money you
have been cheated out of, because your custom-
house officers were not sharp enough to suspect
that lie was a rogue, and did not look with that
degree of scrutiny they should have done into the
papers he presented. You wore in a debtee neg-
ligent because you did not have the best officers
in the world, and, therefore, our partner and our
agent, who cheated you out of the money, should
alone be held responsible for it, and we ought not
to lose M,"
That is a very singularargument, to my mind.
What is the law between man and man in dealing
with agmts? I send tin agent to deal with you;
my agent commits a fraud; I give him a chaiac-
ter—lie is my partner, tf you please, lie commits
a gross fraud by which you are defrauded of a
certain amount of money, giving you a hirgo claim
on mc; and when I appeal to you to remit that
large claim I say, u this is veiy hard for me; I
have been an honest man, though my partner, to
be sure, is a knave. I want you to icmit this
chum." You say, very well, I will remit it; J
do not like to be hard on you and will lot you off
if you give me the money you huve cheated me
out of." uOh, no," is the response, ''your em-
ploye was not so sharp as he ought to have been,
and therefore 1 will pay nothing." What sort of
an answer would that be between man and man ?
None at all. Everybody sees it would be no an-
swer, and the claim made in such a case would
certainly be scouted at. An individual m such a
ease would say: "1 do not insist on any penalty;
I do not want to be hard on you, but I cannotal-
low your paitnei to cheat me out of money, it
you ask a favor of me, do right yourself first."
It would be no answer to say, "it, is haul on mo
that I should lose tin* money." Very welt, some
one must lose it. Shall he lose it. who put t he man
forward, who *ra\e him character, and enabled
him to commit, the fiaud; or should another per-
son, who has been deftauded, sutler the loss?
It strikes me that the obvious principles of law
and justice between man and man give the an-
swn to ail this. It is, 4< if you want a favor of
me. and apply to me to remit a penalty which you
say is ruinous to you, you must first make mc
wiioie for what you, or your servants, have do-
lrauded me out of." That is the proper course
on the most obvious principles. I can see no pos-
sible answer that can be made to that; and when
gentlemen say this has been a hard matter to these
people who have lost money, they have been in-
jured in character, they have been placed m an
unpleasant situation, paid costs, and all that, I
reply that I am sorry for it, but such things are
not unfrequent; the roguery of some men injures
others; and if a person enters into partnership
with another, and gives him an indorsement, he
must take the consequences. These matters are
followed by their evil as well as theirgood results.
Other persons must not suffer, but he who has led
to the commission of the act by forming the con-
nection. To be sure, he may not be morally in
fault; he may have been deceived himself, but the
consequences must rest with him after all, because :
the first fault or mistake is his.
That is the law as between man and man, and .
it is just. But, sir, I have been piincipally in- '
duced to speak on the subject because these com- ;
plaints are common to our whole country, and it
is well known as a fact, that the revenue is de-
frauded m every principal city in the Union by
precisely such arrangements as were made here.
They ai e made on pui pose, in some cases. I do
not say it was done in this instance. I would not
insinuate that it was; I am perfectly*wilhng to
say, on the evidence, that I do not believe it was;
but every one can see how it could be managed
for a couple of men who stand well in the com-
munity to have a partner, at a convenient rate of
! compensation, to make all these arrangements.
Jt is very easy to keep the books square, and
show tin; money paid out, and when the fellow
has earned it on for years, and chooses to run
away; when they have made a good deal of money,
or he gets accidentally found out, everything on
the face may appear fair. Though I do not be-
lieve that has been done in this instance, there is
good reason to believe that similar practices have
existed in many other instances. If wo go the
length now, not only of remitting the penalty, but
of saying the fraud shall be successful, and the
duties shall not be asked for m such a case, sim-
ply because innocent men have suffered by the
fault of the rogue they took into theiremploy and
ludorM'd and gave chaiacter to, we may just as
well abandon the farce of trying to collect duties
on imports.
The PR ESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The amendment will be lead.
The Secretary lead it, as follows:
PioiithuU That nothing ni tins act «hall !>;' so eons-trucd
lo leheve Hie said pamcs iioin any amount ot duties
winch may he |u-<ily duo to the United States on account
of haul importation-!; and that this? act shall not take eltect
until sa:d duties arc paid.
Mr. KING called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. 11A ULAN. The Senatoi from Wiscon-
sin [ Mr. Dijrkec j has paired off with my col-
league [Mr, .foNns.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 9; as follows:
ykys —mcsm>. i>iown, Chandler, Crittenden, Davis,
Pooliltle, l'V>sendon, Foster, (iieen, Hailan, Hendeison,
I vet-on, Ji'hu-Mjii oi Teitne^M'e, King, Polk. So-
ha-aian. Scumhi, Shield*, Simmons, .Shdell, S'tuau, Tuim-
hull. Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—19.">.
i\A\ !*i —B.tvard, Benjamin, Ciodeiirk, Clay,
r«t/4Ki*uck, Houston, Push, iJice, an,I Tomniis—9.
S;> the amendment was aereed to.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 should like to be informed,
before the lull passes, whether, in the present
state of the prosecution against these petitioners,
' the duties can be collected even with thtspioviso
I m the bill. I have an impression that goods
| which are forfeited in consequence of false entries,
I or an attempt to smuggle, are nof goods on which
-j duties can be collected. The claim, as 1 under-
' stand it, is that these goody me wot now to be foi-
'j f_uted, and the forfeiture is remitted; and the de-
j sign of the Senate, manifestly is, that the forfeiture
! ts remitted on the ground that the duties are to
be paid.
Mr. STUART. The amendment says that the
bill is not to take effect until the duties are paid.
Mr. FOSTER. That relates to duties which
are by law payable; but I apprehend there js, after
all, a question whether the duties can be collected.
.. Mr. IVERSON. The amendment is not that
; duties legally liable shall be paid, but those justly
, due to the Government, is the language of the
' amendment.
j Mr. FOSTER. Rut the question, after all,
■I would be what is justly due.
,[ Mr. STUART. Their goods will be forfeited
ij unless they pay what the (Government thinks is
|i right.
Mr. FOSTER. About that, I apprehend there
may be difference of opinion here. I should like
to have the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benja-
min] express his views on the question whether,
if this bill passes, these merchants of New Or-
leans can be compelled to pay these duties?
Mr. BENJAMIN. They must, in order to
obtain the benefit of the bill, undoubtedly. I do
not see how they can avoid it.
Mr. SIMMONS. The question is, are duties
chargeable on e:oods that have been forfeited?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly if they want
the benefit of the bill, thev must pay the duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. tot the amendment be
read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. FOSTER. Now, suppose these petition-
ers do not think proper to avail themselves of the
benefit of the net, what becomes of the forfeiture ?
Mr. TOOMBS. They have a right to do so.
Mr. FOSTER. They have a good defense m
that suit. They succeed in getting the goods that
are not forfeited, and the result is that they get
the goods without paying duties.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Are you going to pass a law
to prevent them defending their suits ?
Mr. FOSTER. By no means; but I apprehend
it is not the design of the Senate that such a
course shall be taken as that these goods shall be
imported without paying duties.
Air. CLAY. The Government have got the
game in their own hands. They will not give up
the goods unless the duties are paid, I suppose.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should like to hear the
amendment read again,
Mr. TRUMBULL. In order to make this mat-
ter perfectly clear, I think an amendment of a
1 word or two would accomplish the object which
the Senator from Connecticut has in view. As
the amendment now reads, the proviso is:
a That notiiui't m this act .-hall he so construed as to re-
lieve the said p uu<*-> foxn <ui> amountot'dutics which may
bejn-ilv due lo the Cnited Mat-'--, on aeeount of ^aid jm-
jioi'atiiHis, and ihat iaid act shall not take efloct until said
duties arc paid."
i By altering the phraseology so as to make it,
. instead of which may be justly due," say
il which would have been due to the United States
on account of said importations had there been no
forfeiture, and that this act shall not take effect,"
. the object will be attained.
| Mr.SLIDELL. f would prefer that the amend-
' ment should not be made. I think it is a great
deal better as it is.
; Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would be better.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no objection to that
; in the world. You can fix it m that way if you
' like it beuer.
Mr.SLIDELL. If the Senate admits the prin-
• ciple that the forfeiture is not to be exacted from
i these gentlemen, the bill is now in a satisfactory
form. I shall offer no proposition to it. I prefer,
however, the amendment as it stands to the sug-
1 gestion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not move it.
The bill was passed.
WASHINGTON PUBLTC SCHOOLS.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Saturday, May 15, 1853.
The bill (S. No. 101) for the benefit of public
schools in the city of Washington, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It provides that so much of the lines and for-
feitures hereafter to be collected in the District of
Columbia as accrue to the United States shall be
surrendered to the city of Washington for school
; purposes, until the whole sum so received shall
amount to §50,000. It declares that the corporate
authorities m the city of Washington may, with
the assent of the owners of real estate in the city,
levy a special tax of ten cents on each hundred
. dollars' worth of taxable property in the corpo-
rate limits of the city, for the benefit of public
schools: and that whenever the Secretary of the
, Treasury shall be officially notified by the Mayor
1 that this tax has been levied and collected, it shall
i be his duty to pay from the Treasury of the Uni-
: ted States, to the persons legally authorized to re-
ceive the school funds for the city of Washington,
