324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
■which were severally read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill for the improvement of Sodus harbor,
Wayne county, New York; and
A bill for the improvement of Sodus harbor,
Cayuga county, New York.
PATENT LAW.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, introduced a
bill to promote the progress of the useful arts, to
regulate the granting of patents for inventions,
and to repeal all acts and parts of acts heretofore
made for that purpose; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be ordered to be
printed under the order of the House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I should like,
if it were within the province of the House, to
have the bill printed; and for this reason 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, un-
less by unanimous consent.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I should like to
give my reason for asking that this bill be printed.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office.
POST OFFICE FOR BROOKLYN.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That tile Committee on the Post Office and
Post Koads be instructed to inquire into tile expediency of
erecting a po&t office in the city of Brooklyn, in New York;
and report by biii or otheiwise.
Mr. BURNETT. Is the resolution amendable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to say—
Mr. BURNETT. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I object.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move to sus-
pend the rules for the introduction of this resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Tiic Chair cannot entertain
the motion until the order of the House has been
executed.
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
Mr. HATCH introduced a bill making an ap-
propriation for continuing the improvement of the
channel of the St. Clair Flats, in the State of Mich-
igan; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT BUFFALO.
Mr. HATCH also introduced a bill to authorize
the construction of a new custom-house at Buffalo,
New York,and changing the usesof a portion of
the building now constructing in that city; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
IMPROVEMENT OF BUFFALO HARBOR.
Mr. HATCH also introduced a bill for the im-
provement of the harbor of Buffalo, Now York;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
HOMESTEADS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. KELLY introduced a bill to secure home-
steads to actual settlers upon the public domain;
which was road a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. COBB. That subject has been referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. We have it now
before us, and that bill ought to go to our com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the gentleman from Alabama made his point
rather too late.
Mr. COBB. I hallooed at the time with all my
voice.
The SPEAKER. It is the gentleman's mis-
fortune that the Chair did not hear him.
HARBOR OF CHARLOTTE.
Mr. ANDREWS introduced a bill for the im-
provement of the harbor of Charlotte, at the
mouth of the Genesee river, New York; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
MRS. POST.
Mr. ANDREWS offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That Mrs. Post, applicant for a pension at the
last session of Congress, have leave to withdraw her peti-
tion and accompanying papers from the files of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. ANDREWS. I hope the gentleman will not
object. This lady presented a petition to the last
Congress for a pension, on which there was no
action, and no report made. Among the papers
there are some documents of great importance to
her in legal or other proceedings, and of no value
to anybody else.
Mr. FLORENCE. The practice has been to
leave copies of papers on file; and if co'pies of
those papers so valuable are left, so that no change
can be made in the character of the claim, I have
no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I want the original saved.
Copies can be taken.
Mr. ANDREWS. I beg to say to the gentle-
man from Virginia that this is a very important
matter to this lady in some legal proceedings, and
I hope the gentleman will not be so ungallant as
to object. Copies can be left with the Clerk. One
paper is a marriage certificate, a copy of which
will not answer the purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. Then it must be a matter of
record somewhere.
Mr. ANDREWS. Not in our State. A re-
fusal may do great injustice to the applicant.
The resolution was then modified, so as to read
as follows:
Resolved, That Mrs. Post, an applicant for-a pension at
the last session of Congress, have leave to withdraw her
petition and accompanying papers from the files of this
HoUf.e, provided copies are left on file.
The resolution, as thus modified, was adopted.
JAMES KIPP AND JOSHUA LELAND.
Mr. GOODWIN introduced the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions:
A bill for the relief of the children of .Tames
Kipp, a revolutionary soldier; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Joshua Le-
land, a revolutionary soldier.
RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. BENNETT introduced a bill to establish
a communication by railroad and telegraph be-
tween the Atlantic States and California, for post-
al and military purposes; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
ENOCH B. TALLCOT.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE introduced a bill for
the relief of Enoch B. Tallcot, late collector of
customs at Oswego, New York; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
MEMORIAL OF THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I have a me-
morial and petition which 1 desire to refer, and I
offer the following resolution in connection there-
with:
Resolved, That the memoiial and petition of the National
institute tor the Promotion of Science, be punted, and ie~
lerred to the Committee on Public Buildings.
I wish to say, Mr. Speaker, in connection with
that resolution, that the memorial of the National
Institute is one of great importance. That insti-
tute nas a large collection of natural history and
other curiosities;but they have no place whatever
in which to keep it. I desire that the memorial
shall be piinted and rcferied to the Committee on
Public Buildings, in order that that committee
may provide a suitable place for that collection.
AMENDMENT OF BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. CLA WSON introduced a bill to amend an
act in addition to certain acts granting bounty land
to certain officers and soldiers who have been en-
gaged in the military service of the United States,
approved March 3d, 1855; which was read a first
und second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
POST OFFICE AT JERSEY CITY.
Mr. WORTENDYKE. I offer the following
resolution:
j Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
I Post Roads, be mstiueted to inquue into the expediency of
] eiecung a post office at Jersey City, in tho State of New
If Jersey, and that they report by bill or otherwise,
i Mr. LETCHER. I object to that.
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS.
Mr. FLORENCE introduced a bill to continue
five years half pay to certain widows and or-
phans; which was read a firstand second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. FLORENCE also introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of
claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the 31st of July,
1801; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
"WHITEMARSH B. SEAJBROOK AND OTHERS.
Mr. DEWART introduced a bill to amend an
act for the relief of Whitemarsh B. Seabrook ant!
others; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to th^ Committee on Military Affairs.
INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT.
.Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, introduced a
bill to provide for an international copyright;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the joint Committee on the Library.
HARBORS IN THE DELAWARE.
Mr. MOPlRIS, ofPennsylvania, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary ofWarbs requested to com-
municate to the House of Representatives, estimates based
upon such information as may be in the possession of, or
can be obtained by the Department, of the amount neces-
sary to complete the improvement of the haibois at Reedy
Island, Chester, and New Castle, Delawaie liver.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. DICK introduced a bill to divide the State
ofPennsylvania into threejudicialdistricts; which
was reau a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
HARBOR OF ERIE.
Mr. DICK also introduced a bill, making an
appropriation for continuing the improvement of
the harbor of Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
Mr. COVODE. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee of vVavs and Means be in-
structed to report a bill for the protection of the revenues,
to pievent frauds in their collcction, by home valuation,
eat-.li duties, and that the same be specific on iion and such
other articles as is piacticable.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to that resolution.
SALE OP PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. GROW introduced a bill to prevent the fu-
j ture sale of the public lands, under tho procla-
I mation of the President, until the same shall have
| been surveyed foratleastfifteen years; which was
| read a first and second time, and referred to the
j Committee on Public Lands.
KANSAS AFFAIRS. %
Mr. GROW. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Huu^e copies of all mstiuetions by himself or
any head of Depaitment to the Governor oi other execu-
tive ollicer in the Temtory of Kansas, and all coueppond-
eneu with the same, together with a copy of tho executive
j minutes of said Territory, not already communicated to
the Ilouse. Also, a copy of the constitution formed at Le
compton, together with a copy of the census and return of
the votes 111 the election of delegates to said convention,
and the returns of the election held in said Territory on
the 21st of December last, and 4th of January mstant, "with
the number of vote* then polled, respectively, m each elee-
I tiou precinct m said Terntorv, and copies of any other of-
j final papeis in possession of the Secretary of State relative
i to Kansas affairs, not already communicated to Congress.
| Mr. Q,UITMAN objected to the resolution.
! LOUISA ERINICER.
j Mr. PURVIANCE introduced a bill for the
relief of Mrs. Louisa Brinker; which was read a
j firstand second time, and referred to the Com-
! mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
WITNESSES IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. FLORENCE asked and obtained leave to
! introduce the following resolution; which was
j read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be re-
! queued to inquire into the propriety of making provision
! for witnesses m the courts of the United States, so that they
i may not be compelled to suffer imprisonment when unable
i to give recognizance to appear.
