sn
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Washington Public Schools—Mr. Johnson.
Senate.
amount to six or seven thousand dollars a year,
with a rigid enforcement of the law.
Mr. TOOMBS. The objection is not answered.
It is whether we should continue to pay these
costs as we do ? When the subject was under con-
sideration in the Judiciary Committee last year,
we reported a bill, w hich was passed by this body,
to amend that great difficulty, but it failed in the
other House, though it was a very necessary
reform. This being the only money the United
States get for the purpose of paying the very
heavy judiciary expenses of the District, I do not
think it expedient to take it away. There is,
however, considerable force in the argument of
the Senator from Mississippi, that it is probable
criminals will be more vigilantly prosecuted, and
there will be a more rigid responsibility on the
part of the officers, if this provision be made; and
I do riot know, after all, whether it would not be
as well to make it, for there seems to be very little
responsibility in the matter now, and the amount
is so small that the United States certainly get
very littie, and if the schools will make more out
of it, I am content to withdraw the amendment,
though I have no idea it will be done.
Mr.HALE. I willofferanamendmentinplace
of the one which I first proposed, that I believe
■will meet the views of the friends of the bill. It is:
And be it further cnarted, That the estates of colored per-
sons in the District of Columbia shall be entirely exempted
from all taxes levied for schools and school-houses 111 the
District.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move to
strike out the following words in the second sec-
tion of the bill:
" And Hint whenever the Secretary of tile Treasury sliall
be officially notified by the Mayor that the said tax has been
levied and collected, it t-liall be his duty to pay from the
Treasury of the United States, to the poisons legally au-
thorized to receive school I'iiihN for the city of Washington,
a sum equal to the amount thus raided hy taxation : /'■ o -
ttitled, that not more than ^0,000 per a mi -ii'il] be paid
by the United States, and that the payments sliall continue
for live years, unless Congress shall othei wirie order."
It seems to me that this is a plain and distinct
proposition for the Government of the United
States to take charge of the public schools in this
District. I think, sir, that wo have really reached
a point where we ou^ht to stop. There is no Sen-
ator here who will go further than myself in pro-
moting common schools and the cause of educa-
tion. I have given evidence, m my own State, of
my views in that regard. I may also remark, in
this connection, that there is scarcely any one in
the Senate or throughout the country who knows
and feels the wants'of educational advantages in
early life more than I do. While 1 admit the
great importance of educating all the children of
the country, as far as they can be educated in the
common schools and in higher schools, I want it
done on correct principles; and I want those to
pay the expense who are justly chargeable with
it. In this case, why should the Government of
tlie United States be taxed to educate the children
of tliepeople of the District of Columbia any more
than the children in Mississippi, or Tennessee, or
Georgia, or New York, or the New England States?
If we look to our own States, we find that there
is a great want of education there; we find that
there are many children there who are not going
to school; but is it. therefore, proper for us to ask
the Federal Government to take money out of
the Treasury of the United States to educate
children in the different States ? If it is not right
in regard to the States, surely it is not right in
regard to the District of Columbia. If we have
not the power to educate children in the States,
at the expense of the Federal Treasury, how can
we have the power to educate childi en in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, at the national expense ? Where
do you derive the power any more in the one case
than in the other? Where does the right exist
moiv in the one case than in the other? This is
a common Treasury; and have we any more au-
thority , or any greater claim in right to use it for
the education of children here, than for their edu-
cation in the States ?
I repeat there is no one who has higher regard
for the children of the Districtof Columbia than I
have, or who will go farther to educate the great
mass ofthe children throughout the whole country;
but is it right, is it constitutional, to place the ex-
pense of their education upon the Federal Treas-
ury ? Should not this community bear the tax of
educating its own children as well as other commu-
nities? Is it right to tax the people of the States,
and devote the fund which you raise from them
to educate children in this District? Is there any
justice in it? This is simply a proposition to
fasten permanently on the Treasury an expense
of $20,000 annually, and as much more as can be
got, for the education of children in the District
ofColumbia. Wheredoyougetthepower? From
what clause of the Constitution is it derived ? I
know that, at this late day, it is considered anti-
quated and rather old-fogyish to talk about con-
stitutional restraints, and we are constantly met
with the argument that, in the District of Colum-
bia, Congress has exclusive power of legislation,
and that, therefore, we can go into the Treasury
of the United States and appropriate sums with-
out limit for the purposes of the District. When
we examine that subject closely, I think we shall
find that we have no more authority to appropri-
ate money from the national Treasury for the
education of children m the District of Columbia
than for the education of children in the State of
Massachusetts or the State of Louisiana. It is
true, Congress has exclusive power of legislation
in the District of Columbia, but that does not
mean unlimited legislation. Because Congress
legislates exclusively for this District, Congress
has no power to take money out of the Treasury
of the United States and appropriate it in this Dis-
trict to purposes for which it could not appropri-
ate it in the States. It has no such power. 1 ad-
mit that, while Congress is acting as a Legislature
for the District of Columbia over the revenue
or taxes derived from the District, it can appro-
priate them to any purposes to which the Legis-
lature of the State of Maryland could have ap-
propriated them; but that legislation must be in
reference to taxes collected from the people of the
District—not to taxes collected from the people of
the whole Union. You have no more power to
appropriate money out of the Treasury of the
United States, for educational purposes in this
District, than in the several States of this Confed-
eracy. We not only violate right and justice, in
taking a fund which properly belongs to others
for the education of children here, but we violate
a plain and fundamental principle of the Consti-
tution.
I know it is stated in the report of the chairman
of the District Committee—and I am a member
of the committee, and know something about the
reporting of this bill—that the District of Colum-
bia has iiad no public lands for this purpose, and
therefore we can appropriate money for it. I am
free to admit that,in my judgment, Congress can
appropriate the public lands to some purposes to
which it cannot appropriate money out of the
Federal Treasury. Congress may appropriate
the public lands to aid the cause of education in
the States where the lands lie, or even, perhaps,
in other places. There, I think, the power is
clear, and the object is national; but I do not see
what power Congress has to take money out of
the Treasury, and appropriate it to school pur-
poses in this District.
If the relation that exists between the District
and the Congress of the United States is simply
that, which exists between the people of a State
and their Legislature, then, while acting as a Le-
gislature for the District of Columbia, we have
no power to appropriate the money of the people
of the United States for educational purposes in
this District; and where is your authority for the
passage of this bill? The first section of this bill,
1 think, is very liberal, because it proposes to
appropriate, for the benefit of the schools in this
city, all the money collected by the Government
from fines and forfeitures here. In my opinion,
that is going far enough, and they should not, in
addition to that, ask Congress to give them
&20,000 annually to sustain common schools here.
We already pay the expenses of their judges and
jurors; we build their jails, erect their penitenti-
aries, and feed their convicts. What more shall
we do ? The States tax their citizens for these
purposes, and do not call upon the Treasury of
the United States to pay these expenses. This
community is as much bound in justice, under
the Constitution, to pay all expenses of this char-
acter as are the respective communities in the
several States. It is not right, decent, and just
to impose all the expenses of this community
upon the people of the United States.
There is another bill to which I may allude in
this connection, proposing to appropriate money
for the benefit of an asylum here for the deaf and
dumb. There is no one who has more sympathy
for that unfortunate class of our fellow-citizens
than myself, but where do we derive the power
to appropriate for them ? I think the appropria-
tion contained in the bill to which I have alluded
amounts to some two hundred or three hundred
dollars per scholar for the deaf and dumb. This
community, after asking an appropriation of that
amount to take care of the deaf and dumb here,
now want an appropriation for the education of
the thousands of children who are placed in the
world with all their faculties—hearing, smell,
sight, taste, and touch. They come to Congress
for an appropriation of two or three hundred dol-
lars a head to take care of those who are unable to
speak, those whose faculties are impaired, while at
the same time there are hundreds of children born
with all their faculties whom they are permitting
to become deaf and dumb. Their sympathies are
keenly alive to restore those who have lost their
faculties, and who never can be restored. It is a
strange kind of philanthropy. If one portion of
the community is to be lost or thrown away, I
think we had better throw away that portion who
cannot be restored, and try to save those who are
placed in the world with ail their faculties.
I do not make these remarks out of any unkind
feeling toward the District of Columbia, for I will
go as far to promote theirinterests, on proper prin-
ciples, as any one can go; but I am not willing to
tax my constituents, or the people of the several
States, to do here those things which the people
in the States are taxed to do for themselves. Let
this community educate its own children; let it
take care of its own deaf and dumb; let it punish
its own offenders, build its own prisons, pay its
own jurors and judges, as all other communities
in this Confederacy do. Sir, the Congress of the
United States has been exceedingly partial, to use
no stronger term, toward this District from the
beginning of the Government. Since this District
has been under the charge of the General Gov-
ernment, up to 1857, we have paid to it, for pur-
poses not connected with any Federal expendi-
tures, $5,120,000, and this docs not include ail the
items—over five million dollars for the local im-
provements, and to promote the individual inter-
ests of the people of the District of Columbia.
Of this sum $1,150,000 was paid under an act for
the relief of the several cities in the District We
have assumed debts that they created, and ought
to have paid out of their own funds. Have there
been no other benefits conferred on the District of
Columbia by the Government being located here ?
As I have stated, we have expended for their in-
dividual benefit, and for the promotion of their
local improvements, and the payment of then-
debts, $5,120,000; and while we have been doing
this, we have also gathered from the different
States of the Confederacy the taxes of the people,
and poured out $12,748,000, like a fertilizing
stream on this particular locality, for the erection
of public buildings, and improvements of various
kinds. I have obtained from the Treasury De-
partment a statement showing the amount ex-
pended by the United States for improvements in
the District of Columbia up to June 30, 1857:
Improvements
During ivhat time. the District jar the f0T the District.
Government. J
From 1800 to 1848...... S6,530,814 42 $2,'708",253 88
" 18-18 to 1819  63,045 99 180,(100 00
" 1849 to 1850...... 69.945 01 195,1:26 03
« 1850 to 1851  157,370 78 279,901 08
  1851 to 1852  403,265 69 158.869 03
« 1852 to 1853   882.223 05 154.630 03
« 1853 to 1854  429,884 03 954.910 81
« 1854 to 1855  1.074,749 65 129,165 58
« 1855 to 1856  1,278,230 35 200,495 26
« 1856 to 1857  1,859,313 36 250,073 77
$12,748,842 33 *$5,120,435 47
* Of this sum $1,152,857 57 was paid under an act for the
relief of the several corporate cities of the District, ami
$1,612,219 G8 for the redemption ofthe debt contracted by
said cities, and assumed by the United States.
F. B/GGER, Register,
Treasury Department, Register's Office,
February 9,1858.
