2434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
y,ct it ought to have before it all the expenses of
the Government, and every dollar expended by
the Government should undergo before it a careful
scrutiny. By reference to the rule, it will be seen
that that committee is bound to examine every
item of expenditure, and to see that it is made in
conformity with law. Yet it has not met for
years. So, too, with other committees. Shortly
after the late war with Great Britain, five or six
standing committees were created to examine the
expenditures in the various Executive Depart-
ments. These committees are annually appointed,
but rather for show than service. Nothing is re-
ferred to them. It is not their fault, but the neglect
of the House. Here is a reform which ought at
once to be made. All these committees on expend-
itures ought to be charged by the House with the
proper documents, and should faithfully perform
their very important duties.
And, sir, wehaveneglccted another power, and
that is the power of impeachment. Every vio-
lation of a provision of law ought to be followed,
cither by impeachment or a bill of indemnity. If
the necessity is so urgent as to justify an execu-
tive officer in violating a law, or to vary a hair's
breadth from the law, this House ought to rec-
ognize that necessity by passing a bill of indem-
nity; otherwise an impeachment ought to follow
the moment the delinquency is brought to the no-
tice of Congress. In my judgment, the House
ought not to waste its time in covering up plain
violations of law, even if not involving turpitude,
violations which ought to be followed by impeach-
ment, and thus throw upon the Senate the duty
of trying the offender.
When you bring about these reforms, we shall
have no more loan bills, we shall have no more
Treasury notes. In my judgment, from the most
careful examination I can make, the expend-
itures for the next fiscal year can be reduced to
$50,000,000, a sum which will be within the pub-
lic receipts. But I have no hope that this will be
done. We know by fatal experience the power
and influence of the Executive uncurbed and un-
checked. It is only when this House assumes
and maintains its full powers, and enforces them,
that the President ami the heads of the Depart-
ments can be kept within the law. I include heads
of Departments, because, though not recognized
by the Constitution, except as mere clerks of the
Executive, yet custom and public opinion have
given their mandates an undue importance. They
are sent to us, the Representatives of a free peo-
ple, and we are expected to bow in abject submis-
sion to their demands. For one, while I hold a
seat upon this floor, I will examine for and ex-
pose any violation of law, whoever may commit
it. Such is the duty of each of us. Important
powers are delegated to us, and we cannot avoid
their exercise without dishonor. When a mere
question of personal etiquette arises, we may be
disposed to bow politely and yield; but when it
comes to performing representative duties, we
should perform them, whoever may sneer, who-
ever may reproach, and whatever power may stand
in the way. I know no power above the power
of this House.
But, sir, I have no hope, while this House is
constituted as it is now, of instituting any radical
reform. I believe that the House of Representa-
tives should be in opposition to the President.
We know the intimate relations made by party
ties and party feelings. We know that with a
party House, a House a majority of whose mem-
bers are friends of the President, it is impossible
to bring about a reform. It is only by a firm,
able, and determined opposition—not yielding to
every friendly request, not yielding to every ur-
gent demand, not yielding to every appeal—that
we can expect to reform the abuses in the admin-
istration of the Government.
At the beginning of this session I did hope that
a majority of this House would compose such an
opposition; and while on the one hand it crushed
the unholy attempt to impose an odious constitu-
tion—by force, or with threats or bribes—upon a
free people, it wouid be prepared to check the reck-
less extravagance of the Administration in the dis-
bursement of the public funds. But the power of
party ties and Executive influence were too po-
tent. We can only look now to the virtue and
intelligence of the people, whose potent will can
overtluow Presidents, Senates, and majorities. I
have an abiding hope that the next House of Rep-
resentatives will do what this should have done,
and becomc, like its great prototype, the guardian
of the rights and liberties of the people.
I return my sincere thanks to the committee for
the indulgence and attention it has given me.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, I am very
glad that the question of the public expenditures
has begun to attract some degree of attention in
this House; and the only cause of regret I have
now in connection with the matter is, that my
friend from Ohio had not sooner waked up to the
importance of the matter, at least as early as last
Congress, and invited the attention of his friends
to an investigation, which he now seems to think
is so much demanded. At that time there was an
opportunity to do something practicable; because
political parties in this House were then nearly
balanced, and they had, at least, as much power
as we had, and they could have introduced such
measures and pressed them to adoption, and thus
brought about important and valuable results.
But, sir, no matter when a question of this sort
comes up, I am always gratified to hear it; and I
trust, although it is too late to operate upon the
expenditures already passed, it will be in time to
exerta salutary influence upon bills yetto beacted
upon by the House. Sir, there arc many bills
yet behind; there are vaiious river and harbor
bills yet to be brought up for the consideration of
this House, and they are now being launched in
the other end of this Capitol, preparatory to their
introduction here, which will involve large appro-
priations of the public money. If those bills shall
become laws, it will be necessary that the money
shall be raised to meet the expenditure which will
be required by them. 1 trust that when that time
comes we may expect to find my friend from Ohio
upon our side, resisting a loan to furnish the
money which will be required to make these river
and harbor improvements, for which some of our
friends on both sides of the House are now so
clam orous.
If I remember aright the history of past Con-
gresses, a proposition was started which proposed
to establish an ocean telegraph line between this
and a foreign country; and it placed under the
control of that company two vessels of the Uni-
ted States, manned, armed, and equipped, to be
supported and furnished for that seivice by the
Government,and to be employed in aiding that pri-
vate company in layingdown their telegraph lino
for their own proiitand emolument. And, if I mis-
take not, our friends upon the other side of the
House wore in favor of a measure which proposed
to construct a telegraph outside of the limits of the
United States. .Now, my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Sh£kma>j,] who has preferred the charge of ex-
travagance, (if my recollection is not very greatly
at fault,) defended the measure and voted Tor it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I did vote for it.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, was that a measure
recommended by anybody at the other end of the
avenue ? Were the Departments of this Gnvcrn-
mentealled upon to consider it? Was the Presi-
dent of the United Suites asked for his opinion in
regard to it? Did he send any recommendation to
that Congress asking that they should appropri-
ate money, or that they should withdraw those
national vessels from their legitimate service and
put them under the control of a private company?
Nothing of that sort. Then, if it originated here,
with what propriety can the late President of the
United States and the late Administration be ar-
raigned for encouraging a profligate expenditure
of the public money?
Mr. STANTON. How much money was ap-
propriated >
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know the amount,
but it required vessels to be taken, the vessels
to be manned and commanded as if in the reg-
ular service, to be furnished and supported; and
even now there is a complaint made against the
present Secretary of the Navy, that he has with-
held one vessel which was assigned to that ser-
vice under the private company, engaged in the
construction of this line.
Then, sir, there whs another measure which
had its origin at the last session of Congress, for
an increase of the pay of the Army of the United
States. How did my friend from Ohio vote on that
subject ? Did he vote forthe increase or against it ?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The record will
show. I will say to the gentleman frankly, that
I do not recollect.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I do not know, but
1 think I would agree to venture something right
handsome that he voted for that increase. This,
then, was another way in which the expenditures
were increased.
Then, sir, we had another proposition to com-
mission the chief officer of the Army of the
United States as Lieutenant General, and there-
by to give him greatly increased compensation.
How did my friend from Ohio vote upon that?
Was it not " ay?"
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I think I was not
here at the time, but if I had been, I would have
voted " ay." I would conferthat benefit on Gen-
eial Scottor any other officer who had performed
similar services.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not complain of my
friend's vote. All that I complain of him for is
that he should undertake to have other people exe-
cuted for offenses he has been committing himself.
Then, we had another bill here to increase the
efficiency of the Navy. I think the gentleman
from Ohio voted for that, and he will recollect
that it was only yesterday that we had to appro-
priate $110,000 to cover the expenses of courts-
martial growing out of that plan for making the
Navy efficient.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
| man from Virginia wilt press this class of argu-
j ments upon this side of the House, because they
! are required on this side of the House as well as
upon the other side.
I hope he will press it distinctly and often upon
this side of the House, that they have not done
then* duty, and urge them to do it in future.
Mr. LETCHER. My business at present is
with my fnend from Ohio. I take the chief sinner
first. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will answer the
gentleman's question. I was not a member of the
Thirty-Third Congress, which I believe, passed
the bill to promote the efficiency of the Navy.
Mr. LETCHER. I think it was passed during
the last Congress.
Several Members. No, no.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, then, we had another
bill that passed the lust Congress to give them all
the e courts-martial.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I cannot say what
my vote on that bill was, but the gentleman's col-
league [Mr. Bocock] will convince him that I
have been opposed to all this humbug about the
suspended officers of the Navy. I "think they
were served exactly right.
Mr. LETCHER. I will do my friend from
Ohio no injustice. I will say this, (to his credit,)
that he has been much more considerate in the
expenditure of money than most members of this
House. And while I am gratified that such is the
fact, I think that I have some right to complain
of him for arraigning others for expenditures that
he voted for himself.
Now, sir, the President of the United States,
in the last Congress, undertook to check the ex-
penditure of the public money for rivers and har-
bors. It will be recollected by those of us who
were here, and those who have read the history
of the times, that the President of the United
States sent in a veto upon those river and harbor
bills. My friend from Ohio, sir, took issue with
him. He was for expending that money. He
was for overruling the Executive veto, and he
was for adding those sums to the expenditures
of that Congress.
Mr. STANTON. I think the gentleman is
mistaken about the time when the river and har-
bor bills were vetoed. I think it was in the Thir-
j ty-Third Congress.
j [Cries of " No !" " No !'*]
I Mr. LETCHER. I believe it was in the last
j Congiess, but I do not care what Congress it was
i in. The gentleman and hid friends were for over-
i ruling the President. I well recollect that when
i the veto came in, a gentleman from Ohio rose in
i his place and announced that ii a revolution had
i commenced," but that that revolution was blood-
| less as yet, and he appealed to his friends to over-
I rule the presidential veto.
I But, as I understand it, my friend from Ohio
j insists now that appropriations for iiver and har-
bor improvements shall be made at the present
, session of Congress; and undertakes to say, in
! addition, that if they are not made now, the time
' is coming when power will be concentrated in
