1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
this amendment proposed nothfrig but to recnum-
erate the inhabitants of Minnesota when there is
a grave and serious charge that errors had been
made—that the census had been so imperfectly
taken as to deprive the State of its proper repre-
sentation—I shall vote for it. I think it ought to
be done. I thank the Senator from Massachu-
setts for bringing it forward. I think it is just to
Minnesota, and ought to be adopted.
Mr. PUGH. I do not intend to discuss that
question; because, when the case of Messrs.
Shields and Rice comes up, I shall decide upon
their qualification and election. I do not think
we have anything to do with the election of Rep-
resentatives. That belongs to the other House.
But I wish to call the attention of my friend, the
Senator from Texas, to the question to which he
has alluded. He seemed to be under the suppo-
sition that, if the point should ever come before the
Supreme Court of the United States, that court
would decide that no State had a right to author-
ize an alien to vote. Why, sir, the court have
decided that the States had a right to do it; de-
cided it in the Dred Scott case in so many words
expressly. I sent for the report to verify it; and
I have it here. If any Senator wishes to hoar it,
he can hear it read. There is 110 manner of doubt
about the question that any State in the Union
has a right to define the qualification of her own
electors. Instead of the court being ever prone
to decide against it, I say in the Dred Scott case
they decided it in express terms. The book is
here, if the Senator wishes to see it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senator's word would
be amply sufficient to satisfy mc of the fact, and
my mind now has to labor under the melancholy
conviction that that court is not so infallible as I
thought it.was. [Linghter.] I have had great
veneration for it. I have heard it very much
abused and spoken badly of. I am very sorry
that any circumstance of this kind should have
occurred to depreciate it in my estimation, for I
think it a very unsound decision. I will acquiesce
in it like a good citizen, but I think it is very un-
sound. It is the first time, I presume, that ever j
that court has decided against Federal ri^ht and !
Federal power. I would rather it had passed over j
this subject without any expression of opinion on ;
it. J should hope there was some remedy for the !
evil, but now T despair of it. I
Mr. IVERSON. 1 do not think there is any very j
great practical difference between the effect of the |
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts '
and that which my colleague suggested the other ,
day, and which the Senator from Missouri has j
given notice he will offer on the present occasion, !
if the amendment of the Senator from Massac hu- ,
setts shall be rejected by the Senate. The differ- !
encc in the practical effect of the two amendments, j
I think, is simply this: The effect of the amend- I
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts will 1
finally give to the State of Minnesota three lltpre- ,
scntatives in Congress. I am satisfied ofthat. The j
Senator asked on what data 1 brought my mind
to that conclusion, it 13 upon the evidence of gen-
tlemen around mc, who have stated their know!- 1
edirc of the condition of the population in that
State. It is piedicated upon the fact that as late
as last October theie were forty thousand votes
cast lor State officers. That, on (he oidmary ,
ratio of population, the voters would give one
Irmdred and sixty thousand or one hundied ami
seventy thousand people: and by the time the new
census is taken, by the time the Secretary of the
Interior can appoint his officers, and have all the
paraphernalia of that expensive and ramified pro- j
cess brought to bear on the subject, the popula-
tion, according to all the leportb we hear from all ;
sides, going into tin; State from all quarters, will
doubtless "very soon reach the number for three !
lli'invK^ntatu es. ;
1 h-ive no donbl at all that when the population
miars to he examined and the census relumed,
Mmnes.oia wtM !>e end t !<-d tot hree Rf presentati vi s
aeonidmu to the pie:-!-ot latio. I believe that \wll ■
l>. die effect of tli'"1 a me nd ment ol theSenator horn
JMsfsachu&etts, and according to that Minnesota '
Vv'jll be entitled to one of those Representatives
who have now been
tied to have two oth
ill be' ordered. Ti'
not be in fuvor of ih>
The Senator suppo?
'J::: solne-i v;-- ?/.i
eied and she will be enti-
re elrct-d. A new eJoeuun
• K't-sdt of th.\t may or may
otht r fade of the Chamber.
,jd that 1113?" imagination on
ex d".raid. I' nv.v
be so, but I fear there is a cat under the meal tub,
and I am not willing to risk it.
The effect of my colleague's amendment is sim -
ply to give to the State of Minnesota now, what
in my opinion she will be entitled to when the
census comes to be properly taken—three Repre-
sentatives. They have already been elected; the
three Representatives are here. They have under-
gone the expense and trouble of an election. They
have incurred the expense of avisit to Washing-
ton, and the expense of remaining here three or
four months of this session. Why not admit
them? Will any harm come ofit? I do not think
they are going to revolutionize the Government
by coming into the House of Representatives. I
do not see that any practical harm is going to grow
out of it to any person, or to any party. Let them
come in. They will do no harm in the other House
I am willing to risk them. The State of Minne-
sota has elected them. She has thoughtproper to
send them here. They have undergone the ex-
pense, trouble, and annoyance of an election; and
now when they come here let them bo entitled to
their scats under the practical operation of the
amendment of my colleague, for he instructs the
Secretary of the Interior to take a new census, and
then when that census is taken, and the number
of Representatives to which the State of Minne-
sota will be entitled strictly ascertained, the num-
ber can be cut down. If the three members to be
admitted by the operation of this amendment, shall
be more than that State will be entitled to, 011c or
two of them may have to walk out, that is all.
The question is simply now, whether the three
who have been already elected shall be taken, or
whether the matter shall be deferred, and three
admitted who shall be elected hereafter. I would
rather take the three already elected, and 1 go for
that amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I want to say to the Senator
from Georgia that I admire lu* frankness, whdo I
do not at all concur m his principle of action hoi e.
He puts this entirely on a political point of \iew,
Now, sir, 1 am not govt rued bv that considera-
tion 111 this imittu\ The Senator expresses his
views to-day as frankly as he express< d them the
other day 011 the Kansas question. 1 fo had sup-
ported that measure all through with a  ood deal
of zeal and earnestness; but when Ah, Calhoun
gave the Legislature, as he said, to the fiee-State
party, he lost his zeal for her admission, j t did
not affect me at all. 1 would oppose it as soon
if he had given us the whole Uoveintnent. That
is not the jii ound to a«'t upon hete. We under-
took, Mr. Pii Mdent, to take the o nsus of Min-
nesota as a basis of 1 "pre sen tat ion. We have faded
in the attempt to take a pet feet census; but there
is no man of intelligence here who believi s 1 hat
we failed by one or two hundred thousand to as-
certain the population. There may be fiomone
hundred and seventy-hvo to two hundred thou-
sand inhabitants hi that Territory to-day. I have
no idea that they exceed two hundied thousand,
No man of intelligence beheves there are three
hundred thousand there, entitling them to three
Repie-ientati\es. We had bitter stand upon the
Coustifntiou and ih,s Liv.'s, upon justice, upon
equity, than to und«'itake to force in here three
Re| i .'s?ntaiive<j, n\ ix n we have no evidence that
they aie entitled evn to two. it matters not what
may be the political views of the gentlemen who
have b'-(- n s'-nt here. I care not what tuey may
be. J say here to-day thatif they weie politically
with m,j, I could not, I would not vote lor the ad-
mission of ibn."' Representatives fioni Minnesota,
because I have no evidence to show that she is
entitled now even to two, though 1 believe from
the infoi matjoii I have from a wuiety of sources
that ;ihe luio population enough for thai number j
e all a.-^ertamed. Now, the j
choice between ihiee who 1
No-, so, sir. My j
if that population v
Senator mivs tins
are elected. and (1:
amendut n- i" r in-
nesota one Rrpn
ascertained th U a
her to elect mote.
1 lie
'Hie
.'If I< < M lO
>lv n
ejjian^e: and a;'
i I-; enured to nun
That is all. 11 is do
to
for the futuf"
, it 1
it is setting a gowd examp!
that 1 think we should le-t depart from. We can
adopt my amendment, and tium the ouention can
be Xvtxtt-d between that and the )nvnosition to be
ma.de to strike it out and mc,,rl a provt -ion tor
three ni'unbers. 1 certainly do not \vn h to eeyan
unkind word towaids the Senator; 1 iuinnieir;
baidrue:> v or id'oth   <{'t !i: bvL 1
think the ground upon which he has put this case
is not the ground upon which the Senate should
be governed in its action.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon Mr. Wilson's amendment, resulted—yeas
22, nays 21; as follows:
YEAb — Messrs. Biggs, Broderick, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, CoUamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittie,
Douglas, JDurkee, Fessenden, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Hous-
t°n, King, Pugh, Simmons, Wade, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Bright, Clay, Evans, Fitch,
1< itxpatnck, Green, Hammond, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson
ot Tennessee, Jones, Pearce, Polk, Sebastian, SUdeli, Stu-
art, Trumbull, Wright, and Yulee—21.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. POLK. 1 now offer the amendment which
was suggested by the Senator from Georgia the
other day.
Mr. YULEE. Before the Senate proceeds fur-
ther with the consideration of this bill, I would
suggest, it being now four o'clock, and it being
altogether unlikely—for I know that there are
several amendments to be proposed—that this bill
can be disposed of to-day, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
I make that motion.
Mr.STUART. I hope the Senate will notagree
to that. I think it is much better to adjourn than
to do that; but I hope we shall get a vote to-day.
Mr. YULEE. You cannot get a vote to-day.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March'29, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ni. Prayer
by Rev. William Pincknky, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
TAKING OF THE CENSUS OF I860.
The SPEAKER stated the question first in or-
der to be on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio. [Mr. Sherman,] to suspend the rules for
the introduction of the following resolution:
That a special committee of five bo appointed
!>v the Chan. and to continue during this Congress, whose
dutv it -hall !>.-! to impure into the best mode of taking the
t -Mi-us ot JcrdO, with leave to ropoit by bill or otherwise at.
urn fnue dmmu the session of Congress commencing oh
the fu-t Moiu!a\ of December next.
Mr. HOUSTON. Docs the resolution propose
to continue the committee during the recess? I
do not understand what scope the gentleman pro-
poses to give it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. It proposes to con-
tinue the committee during the Congress, but to
limit its report to the next session.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Let the resolution
be n^am read.
The resolution was rend.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. It is not the inten-
tion that the committee shall sit during the recess,
or incur any expense to the Blouse.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If I understand the
resolution, that is its effect, whatever may be the
intention; and such being the fact, I am con-
strained to object.
The SPEAKER. The rule is, that where a
select committee is raised, it is dissolved at the
expiration of the session. As the Chair under-
stands the pending resolution, it proposes to con-
tinue this committee over to the next session.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether, by the introduction
of this resolution, (and as he will be placed upon
this committee if it be raised.) it is proposed to
brms: the matter before the House for legislation ?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The committee
will, of course, icport at the next session a bill for
the taking of the census.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me ask another ques-
tion. I undeistand that this resolution proposes
to change one of the standm;; rules* of the House
m rolercncc to'the appointment of committees. If
s-),wi!l it not take two thirds to suspend the rules
f' 11 Us introduction, and then a two-thirds \ote to
adopt it
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks uot
Mi. HOUSTON. It proposes to change the
rules of the i louse. The motion now~ is to suspend
th'** tules to £et the resolution before the House.
'Toe SPEAKER. To what iule doe^ the :<ym-
th matt I'it'er-
Mr. HOUSTON. { cannot n f '.i!f the number
oil!, j ref«-r to the rule or 1 ul-*; «*un Ku j/ing th*'
