1858]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§73
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Washington Public Schools —Mr. Brown.
Senate.
Now,"a community which has had $5,000,000
given to it, and which, besides, has enjoyed the
profit and benefit which must result from an ex-
penditure of $12,000,000 in its midst, comes to
the Congress of the United States, and says it
cannot educate its children. Though you pour
out millions gathered from the whole people of
the United States, for local improvements here
and for public buildings, still they cannot cducatc
their children; they cannot take care of the doaf
and the dumb; they cannot take care of those
who are born with all their faculties; they cannot
pay their own jurors and judges; and the cry is,
give, give to the District of Columbia, and tax the
people of the States; pour it out here; and he who
does it, he who votes for these appropriations, is
a liberal and expansive statesman—enlarged in
his views, comprehensive in his policy ! Sir, let
us be just before we are liberal. Let us go upon
the Constitution, and the great principle of right
which requires each community to defray the ex-
penses incident to its own organization.
It seems to me that we are doing a great deal in
granting to the school fund here the fines and for-
feitures. I am willing to let them have them, if
they be any inducement to prosecute suits and
bring persons tojusticc. Anything that will im-
part efficiency and vigor to their system, and es-
pecially to their criminal code, I am willing to go
for if it comes within the scope and design of the
Constitution.
But, sir, I am getting tired of the talk about
their exempting the Government property from
taxation. What would the city of Washington
be worth without the Government being here?
Remove the seat ofGovernment, and the property
of her citizens here would wither faster than
Jonah's gourd, and 1 believe that withered in a
night. The cry is, appropriate for the District of
Columbia. Sir, recipients always c -y aloud and
press their claims earnestly and vigorously when
they seek to get that which they have not earned, ;
and which does not belong to them. I say that j
the people of this District, like the other citizens '
of the Confederacy, ought to reiy on their own ■
resources, content with the great incidental ad- j
vantages which flow to them from the location of j
the seat of Government here. As I have said, j
$12,000,000 have been poured out here for the i
erection of public buildings and similar works, i
on which laborers of every description have re- i
ceivedemploymentathigh prices, and in addition '
$5,000,000 have been expended for the individual
benefit of the citizens of the District. !
I know that sometimes persons become insane :
altogether, and now and then become insnno on a j
' particular subject, and are called monomaniacs. 1
Weil, ( may perhaps be insane on tins, and per- |
haps on all subjects; butl desiie to see where this |
is carrying us. Rpre is a proposition to increase :
the annual expenditures of the Federal Govern- j
ment, which already amount to ^70,000,000. New 1
charges arc being put upon the Treasury, and
every step we advance they accumulate strength
and power. The cry is, "give! give! give!"
like the daughters of the horse-leech—give still,
it seems to me that their own self-respect, their
own appreciation of themselves as citizens of the
Federal city, ought to preclude them from coming
here and asking Congress to educate their chil-
dren.
I have already given you the items of some ex-
penditures in this District; but they are hardly
the commencement—no more than the A BC. |
How much will it, take to complete the improve- j
ments now in progress here5 Five or six mil-;
lion dollars will not complete them. There are
your water works, and your extensive wings of !
the Capitol. Appropriation after appropriation '
is being made, and still we have applications for 1
more. We have already expended $12,000,000 ;
for public buildings and improvements here; and j
by the time wc complete those now m progress, :
$20,000,000 will not foot the bill. Where, then, j
may we expect the expenditures of this Govern- |
mentto be carried? As long as I have a place
here I intend to iterate and reiterate these things. ■
1 have Shakspearean authority, at least, for such j
a course; and after awhile, perhaps, I shall get \
the people to understand me. If iterating and !
reiterating the facts as to the expenditures of this j
Government will bring the attention of the coun- \
\ try to them, I intend to do it if I stand here sol-
j itarv and alone; but I think th- re is a disposition
i in the Senate to help such movements.
| In 1790 the population of the United States was
: a fraction less than four millions, and the expend-
itures of the Government in 1791 were a fraction
: less than two million dollars. In 1858 the pop-
ulation is estimated to be twenty-eight millions,
and what are the expenditures? Seventy-five
million dollars.* From 1790 to 1858, a period of
sixty-eight years, the population of the United
States has doubled seven times, while the expend-
itures have doubled thirty-five times, showing an
increase of expenditures twenty-eight hundred
per cent, greater than the increase of population
in the same period. When we see such results,
is it not time to pause; is it not time for us to
ascertain, if we can, where we arc going, and what
is the maximum we are to reach? If, as the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] remarked the
other day, ours be the most corrupt Govern-
ment upon the face of the earth, this is the most
corrupt part of it. It is in the power of Con-
gress to prevent these enormous expenditures;
and if we do not interpose we are responsible for
them. This Government, sixty-nine years of age,
scarcely out of its swaddling-clothes, is making
more corrupt uses of money in proportion to the
amount collected from the people, as I honestly
believe, than any other Government now on the
face of the habitable globe. Just in proportion as
you increase the amount collected and expended
by the Federal Government, in the same propor-
tion corruption goes along with it; and when you
run the expenditures of this Government up to
one hundred millions or one hundred and fifty
millions a year, the Treasury of the United
States will control the whole nation, and the peo-
ple of the respective States will lune very little
pait in the Government except, to foot its.bills in
the shape of taxes.
It may be said that this is only a small amount,
#90,000 per annum, which is to be voted to the
District of Columbia, and that this is not the place
to commence the work of reform; we cannot get
the wedge in here; it will not do to stop this ex-
penditure; oh, no, this is not the place. If wc
happen to get the place, then we are told it is not
exactly (he time, but the effort should be post-
poned to some other time. We always niiss'either
the place or the tune. When will the time come ?
It is suggested by my friend from Mississippi
1 hat this appropriation is to last only five years.
Let th«mi get it lor five years; let their system be
organized, and their teachers employed, depend-
ing for payment on the appropriation from the
Treasury, and who will cut it off? Who will break
it u p ? The appeal will be made that the Govern-
ment is committed to the cause of education here,
and will you now stop your appropriations, turn
these children out, and deprive them of the ben-
efit of schools? Once get the Government com-
mitted to the scheme, and at the end of the five
years, instead of the appropriation being stopped,
the probability is that it will be continued and in-
creased to forty or fifty thousand dollars,on the plea
that they have erected their schools and employed i
their teachers and want more money. I ask the j
Senate and the country if we have not reached a >.
point at which we should pause and see whether j
an cffoit may not be made to introduce retrench-
ment and reform into some of the departments of
the Government? In sixty-nine years your peo-
ple have doubled seven times, while your expend-
itures have doubled thirty-five times. The one
has quintupled the other. Where will the end be ?
I hope that some effort will be made to stop this
downward career. I think this is a fit occasion
for such an effort, and I hope the Senate will agree
to my amendment. I do not wish to consume
time, though much might be said on this subject.
Mr. BROWN. I desire, in a few words, to
state distinctly the ground, on which the feature
of the bill upon which the Senator from Tennes-
see has been commenting is placed; and if it is
not vindicated on a principle, and a principle in
my judgment which eveiy fair-minded mind must
recognize, I am willing to see it stricken out.
This feature of the bill is not extended to any
portion of' the District outside of Washington
city, and it is because the Federal Government
owns property inside the corporate limits of
Washington,andnone outside, I want it under-
stood that the committee thought the Government
had responsibilities here like private property-
holders, not only for this object, but for all ob-
jects; that the Government was as much bound
to contribute to the support of common schools,
to the improvement of streets, and to whatever
was necessary for the proper keeping of a muni-
cipal government here, as any private property-
holder. We utterly icpudiate the idea that the
General Government should own more than half
of all the property in the city'of Washington,
and yet be entirely exempt from all responsibili-
ties to the municipal treasury.
The Senator from Tennessee says you have
expended here $5,000,000 for the especial benefit
of Washington city. I should be g*lad to see the
figures which arc multiplied into that sum. If
any such expenditures have been made, they have
not been made through the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and therefore have not been
made on the petition of the people of this District.
I undertake to say that during no session of Con-
gress since I have had any connection with that
committee—and that has been during my service
in this body and several years in the other House
—have the appropriations asked for through the
District Committee, ever amounted to #200,000
perannum. The taxable property of the city yields
$195,000. If the Government owns as much, its
propoition of the contribution would be $195,000
as a matter of course. It has never, I say again,
since I have been connected with the District
Committees in the Senate or House of Represent-
atives, paid anything like that sum on their peti-
tion. What Congress may have lavished through
other committees, I pretend not to say.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The honor-
able chairman calls for the figures. I have here a
statement made out by the Register of the Treas-
uiy, showing that in 1855 and 1856 the sum of
$200,495 was expended in the District of Colum-
bia on their local improvements. According to
his statement the whole amount expended for
local objects here sums up $5,120,000, and the
amount expended for the public improvements
$12,748,000. This is the authority on which I
rely.
Mr.. BROWN. But if the facts were fully eli-
cited , it would about amount to this: that a large
portion of that appropriation was for paving Penn-
sylvania avenue, and veiy large portions of it for
improving the Mall; and others for the triangular
reservations on the avenue, which property is
yours; and if you did not want to improve it, you
might have let it alone.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The appro-
priations for the avenue, I suppose, canic under
the head of public improvements in this state-
ment.
Mr. BROWN. I know of no §200,000 having
been spent here for local improvements; I never
heard of such an expenditure, nor do I believe it
has been made. I do not say what may be the
view of the Register of the Treasury. He may
count this, that, and the other, as local improve-
ments, but I should probably take a different
view.
Now, sir, in reference to the $12,000,000 ex-
pended here for public buildings. Suppose you
have spent that much money for them: have you
not thereby increased your responsibility ? When
Mr. Corcoran expends his §200,000 for buildings,
does he lessen the amount of his tax bill, or does
he increase it ? When the youngest mechanic in
the town expends his §1,000 to build his little
cabin, does he get clear of tax thereby; and is it
admissible for him to come in and say, " have I
not done all I could to improve your town ?" If
Mr. Corcoran or Mr. Riggs, who expend their
$200,000, are not exempted on the ground that
they spend a large amount of money to improve
the city, I ask on what principle is the Govern-
ment to be exempted? If individuals build new
houses, and increase the value of their property,
they increase the amount of their tax bill; and
just in proportion as the Government builds new
nouses here, it increases its responsibility to the
local authorities. Why, sir, I suppose that if the
Government were to buy out the whole town, all
but the suburbs, the suburbans would, according
to the notions of the Senator fro'm Tennessee, tfe
