m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Into the expediency,of repeal ingthe resolution passed on the
4th of May, 1848, directing the Clerk to procure a map of the
public lands in each" State, and directing that sa'id maps be
lKJrised and extended after each session of Congress.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will modify that resolution by inserting after the
word " repealing" the words " or modifying," I
will not object to it.
Mr- CRAWFORD, I accept the modification.
The resolution, a's modified, was adopted.
MONTGOMERY A PORT Of DELIVERY.
Mr. DOWDELL introduced a bill to constitute
Montgomery, in the Stale of Alabama, a port of
delivery; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce. .
BOUNTIES ON COD FISHERIES.
Mr. CURRY introduced a bill repealing all
)^ws, or parts of laws, allowing bounties to ves-
sels employed in the bank or other cod fisheries;
•which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
PACIFIC RAILROAD, ETC.
Mr. COBB asked the consent of the House to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of the construction
of a Pacific railroad, or roads, lor nnhtaiy put poses, and re-
port to the House by bill, 01 otherwise.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, objected.
GRANT OF LAND TO THE STATES.
Mr. COBB introduced a bill to grant to the State
of Alabama, and other States having public lands
therein, the unsold and unappropriated public
lands "which have been in market for thirty years
and upwards, for the purposes of education and
internal improvements.
Mr. LEI CHER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether there are any public lands in Al-
abama ?
Mr. COBB. There are some vacant lands, and
•we want them.
The bill was read a first and sccond time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ALABAMA LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr-MOORE introduced a bill to transfer the
county of Perry, in the State of Alabama, to the
Tuscaloosa land district; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
PRICE OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. SINGLETON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tile Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expedient-} of passing a law
milking the le^eived sections of the public lands under rail-
road grants, subject to cntty by actual settlers, upon the
same conditions that other lands of the same quality; and
that said committee report by bill or otlieiwise.
THE NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. QUITMAN introduced a bill to repeal
certain sections of the act passed April 20, 1818,
commonly called the neutrahtylaw, and to modify
other sections thereof; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
NAVAL DEPOT AT SHIP ISLAND.
Mr. QUITMAN offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Allans be in-
structed to inqune into Uie expediency of establishing a
liavy-yard and naval depot at or near Ship Island, in llie
State of Mississippi; and to report thereon by bill or other-
wise.
CHILDREN OF JOHN NEAL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, introduced a bill
for the relief of the surviving children of John
Neal, deceased; winch was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
UNOCCUPIED LANDS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAVIDSON introduced a bill entitled
"An act surrendering to the State of Louisiana the
unoccupied public lands in said State, for the pur-
pose of public education;" which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
HEIRS OF WILLIAM CONWAY.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, introduced a bill
to revive an act entitled " An act for the relief of
the heirs or legal representatives of William Con- i
way, deceased;'' which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, also introduced
a bill to amend an act for the better organization of
the district court of the United States within the
western district of Louisiana; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. )
ATCHAFALAYA BAY.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, also introduced
a bill providing for the survey of Atchafalaya bay
and approaches; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I do not know
whether I can accomplish the object I have in
view under the resolution under which we are
now acting. A bill was reported, some days since,
from the Committee on Commerce for the better
providing for the security of the lives of passen-
gers. The consideration of that bill has been
postponed until the sccond Tuesday in February.
I have prepared an amendment for the bill which
I wish to have received and printed, in order that
it may be before the House when the bill comes
up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should pre-
fer that the gentleman's bill should be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TAYLOR. That will be perfectly satis-
factory me.
Mr. LETCHER. The Committee on Com-
merce have not charge of the subject. They have
reported upon it to tlie House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the bill to
which the gentleman desires to offer an amend-
ment is not in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, but has been postponed to a
day certain. 1 suppose that, with the consent of
the House, the gentleman's amendment can be
printed and postponed to the same day to which
the bill has been postponed.
Mr. "VVASHIiURNE, of Illinois. I prefer that
the amendment should go to the Committee on
Commerce, who have had the whole subject under
consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman will perceive
that if the amendment bo referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, that committee may not be
able to report it hack in time for it to be acted on
when the bill comes up.
The bill introduced bjr Mr. Taylor was then
read a first and second time by its title, as fol-
lows:
A bill further to amend an act to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole oi in part by steam,
and for other purposes.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
the bill was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
RAFT REGION OF RED RIVER.
Mr. SANDIDGE introduced a bill appropri-
ating a sum of money for the continuation of im-
provements in the laft region of Red river; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
UNSOLD PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. SANDIDGE also introduced a bill pro-
viding for the gradual transfer to the States in
which they are situated of the unsold public lands;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
JOHN R. TEMPLE.
Mr. SANDIDGE offered the foflowing resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Raolrcd, That Senate bill (IVo. 38) for the relief of John
It. Temple, of Louisiana, now on the Speaker's table, be
talien up and refeueil to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The bill was thereupon taken up, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
SURVEY OF THE OHIO.
Mr. HORTON introduced a bill to provide for
the survey of the Ohio river and its principal trib-
utaries; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOR.TON. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LETCHER. Ought not that bill to go to
the Committee on Roads and Canals? I propose
that reference.
The question was first taken on its reference to
the Committee on Roads and Canals; and it was
not agreed to.
The question was then taken oil its reference
to the Committee on Commerce; and it was so
referred.
MARY THOMPSON.
Mr. LEITER introduced a bill for the relief of
Mary Thompson,of Summitcounty, Ohio; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
HARBOR AT MOUTH OF GRAND RIVER.
Mr. WADE introduced a bill making an appro-
priation for continuing the improvements on the
harbor at the mouth of Grand river, in the county
of Lake, State of Ohio; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
HARBOR AT MOUTH OF CUYAHOGA RIVER.
Mr. WADE also introduced a bill making an
appropriation for conti nuing the improvement, and
for the enlargement of the harbor at the mouth of
the Cuyahoga river, in the State of Ohio; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
HARBOR AT MOUTH OF SANDUSKY RIVER.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, introduced a bill to
continue the improvements of the harbor at the
mouth of the Sandusky river, Ohio; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
HARBOR OF VERMILLION.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, also introduced a
bill to continue the improvements of the harbor of
Vermillion, Ohio; which was read a first and sec-
ond lime, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
HARBOR OF HURON.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, also introduced a
bill to continue the improvement of the harbor of
Huron, Ohio; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
WILLIAM D. MANN, SR.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, also introduced a
bill for the relief of William D. Mann, sr.; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
AMENDMENT OF TWENTY-THIRD RULE.
Mr. SHERMAN-, of Ohio, asked leave to intro-
duce the following resolution:
Resolved, That rule 23 be so modified as to insert, at the
end theieof, the following pioviso :
Provided, That whenever any committee of the House
shall at two sessions of Congress adversely lepoitupon a
private clatni.it shall not be in oider again to refer such
claim to any committee, except by leave ot the House after
the fact of such ndveise leports be stated.
The 23a rule was read, as follows:
" Members having petitions and memoiiafs to present
may hand them to the Clerk, indorsing the same with their
names, and the reference oi disposition to be made thereof;
and such petitions and memorials shall be entered on the
Journal, subject to the control and direction ofthc Speaker;
and if any petition or memorial be so handed in, which, in
the judgment of the Speaker, is excluded by the rules, the
same shall be returned to the member from whom it was
received."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would not ob ject
to that resolution if it came up in the right way;
but it would be a precedent for changing the rules,
against the provision made by the rules for such
changes. If this were allowed, propositions for
changing the rules would come up every day;
therefore, to prevent its being made a precedent
here, I shall object.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House, to have the matter
referred to a committee of say three or five mem-
bers. It is a very important modification.
Mr. FLORENCE. I see great difficulties in
the way of the amendment offered, and therefore
I object.
ACQUISITION OF TERRITORY.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask leave to introduce
the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the President of the United States'be requested to ne-
gotiate (through the Department of State) with the respect-
