374
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Washington Public Schools—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
required to keep up the local government; and the
General Government having fructified the soil of
.the whole District, would do nothing. I utterly
.repudiate any such doctrines; I utterly deny that
there is any soundness in any such theories.
Now, what do the people here propose to you
upon the principle which I have stated ? They
already pay out of their own pockets—they own-
ing less than half the property here—over twenty
thousand dollars annually for the support of
schools by taxation. The bill proposes, I beg
Senators to recollect, to tax them $26,000 more,
■which amounts to about fifty thousand dollars
in all; and then the Government is asked to do—
what? To pay §20,000. This great lordly proprie-
tor, who owns half the property, but who will pay
nothing withput his consent, on whom the people
can levy no exactions and taxes, is asked by this
bill to pay one third the whole expense. You are
not asked, as you might rightfully be asked, to
pay your due proportion of the expense of keeping
up schools here; but you are asked to pay one
third of the whole expense. And asked by whom?
By five thousand children, who come to-day to
the door of the Senate bearing their humble peti-
tion, and upon bended knees implore this august
body to receive their petition, and grant them a
rescue from the poor-houses and from the peni-
tentiaries—ay,and from a woise fate. Think, sir,
of twenty-five hundred little gills coming here and
asking you, the great proprietor with all your vast
wealth, to snatch them from dons of infamy!
Think of twenty-five hundred little boys, most
of them poor and penniless, hundreds upon hun-
dreds of them orphans, without father or human
eye to care for them, coming and asking you to
take this step, that they may be kept lroirt the
jails and penitentiaries! Aud then think of the
Senator from Tennessee, he who wears proudly !
the glorious name of the poor man's friend, be-
ing the first to rise and object to such a proposi-
tion ! What, sir, will the unclad, what will the
poverty-stricken throughout the United States •
think of their friend? The Senator has said th.it
he might be crazy on this subject, and he might
be crazy on all subjects. Thcio is method in his
madness. I do not charge hnn with being crazy;
but his old friends, those who have gloi led in his
being the advocate of the poor, will think at least!
that his mind, since he got to the Senate, is a little j
unbalanced, i trust that the proposed amendment !
will not prevail; because, if it does, vitality is
stricken from the bill, and you might as well h\y
it on the table at once. !
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote, Mr. President, ,
against the amendment proposed by the {Senator |
from Tennessee, 1 legret that on this occasion ,
he has seen fit to give us a lecture on the extras -
agance of the Federal Government. Surely the
Senator might have seized some lis tor time to point
out the extravagances of (lie Federal Government
than to have taken the opportunity on a bill np- :
propriating $120,000 out of the Treasury of the
United States for the cause of education in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It seems to me that we occupy
peculiar relations to the people of this Disirnt.
The Senator from Tennessee docs not see where
we get the power to tax the people of other Stat< s
for the benefit of the people of tins District. Now
I think the Federal Government stands to the peo-
ple of this District substantially in the same le-
gations the State governments stand to the people
of the several States. I am willing, „s a lepresent-
ative of one of the States of this Union, to tnx the
people of my Slate, not only to giant this !$2G,000,
but to grant all the money that may be necessary
to establish one of the mostperfectsystems ofcom-
mon-school education m the District of Columbia
that the wit of man ever devised. I am willing
to tax the people of Massachusetts then* proper- ,
tion of the sum required to erect good school-
houses, with all the improvements of modern
science—houses fitted and adapted for the use of j
children—and to establish schools, and support ,
those schools, so that eveiy child in the District ■
of Columbia can obtain a good common-school j
education. I believe, further, sir, that were the!
approval of my vote submitted to the people of I
Massachusetts, not a solitary vote in that State '
would say nay—not one. The cause of popular
education is dear to the people I represent, and a
wise policy that shall establish here in the capital
of the Republic a good common-school system
that shall give to all the children the means of
education, will meet their approval.
We own here m Washington about half the
property in the city. The Senator from Tennes-
see tells us that we have spent so many millions
in public buildings. That is true. I have no doubt
we have been extravagant in those expenditures;
but let it be remembered that those millions to
which the Senator refers have not all been spent
in this District. Many of those millions have
gone to other sections of the country, often to re-
ward political partisans, and contracts have been
made for materials used in the erection of the pub-
lic buildings here, and extravagant prices paid.
But this erection of public buildings, and the mil-
lions that have been expended on them here, have
brought to the city of Washington hundreds and
thousands of poor laboring men, who are rearing,
herein your own capital, families upon the pit-
tance they earn by the labor of their hands upon
the pubhc works. You have no commerce here.
Commerce has not flown away, for it never was
here and never will be here. You have no man-
ufactures here. You have no mechanic arts here
worthy of the name. You have nothing here upon
which a community can create vast quantities of
wealth. The people of the city of Washington,
as a whole, have been poor, are now poor, and
will continue to be poor. Your policy of spend-
ing millions on public works annually, brings poor
people to this District, and imposes upon the Gov-
ernment the duty of aiding in the establishment
and support of agood public-school system. You
have brought here, and you employ here, large
numbers of men who have little property, and this
imposes upon us the duty of aiding in the swpport
of the means of intellectual culture.
The Federal Government deserves the censure
of the country for its neglect of the cause of od-
iication m the District of Columbia. Nearly sixty
y/Mis have pa-'^ed away since tile national Gov-
ernment was established on the banks of the Po-
tomac. Up to IH'H, no public-school system
existed in this District. Early in the century, a
school was established for pooi children; and m
181:0, only two schools, with two teacheis and
one hundred scholars, existed in the city of W^h -
iiigton, with us tens of thousands of people.
These schools for poor children—not for all chil-
dren— were suppoited at an expense of -,£1,755.
In lS44,tho city adopted and established a com-
mon-school system: and they have now twenty-
four schools, thirty-seven teachers, and twenty-
four hundred pupils. The city only owns five of
(he twenty-lour school-houses now used. The
other buildings are hired; and most of these school-
houses are unfit for the purposes for which they
are used. We need in this city an expenditure,
wisely and jndictour-ly expended, too, of not less
than t hree hum1.red thousand dollars, to build good
school-houses foi the ehtkhen of tins city. We
have in this city neaily elm-en thousand children
—and when I speak of these children, I mean the
white children.
The result of the canvass just taken shows
that the whole number of children in the city, be-
tween the ages of five and eighteen, is ten thou-
sand six bundled and ninety-seven; m private
schools, tluee thousand two hundred and twenty-
eight; in public schools, two thousand four hun-
dred; in no school, five thousand and sixty-nine.
The per cent, in private schools, thirty and one
tenth; in public schools, twenty-two and four
tenths; and m no school, forty-seven and one half
per rent. Only twenty-two per cent, of the white
children of the city are in the common schools;
and mo e than forty-seven per cent, of all the
white ehJdren do not attend any schools at all.
1 say nothing of the children of the colored pop-
ulation, amounting tu three or four thousand, who
have no means of education, or next to none.
You have, in the aggregate, seven or eight thou-
sand children who do not attend school in this
city. We have heard much of want of order,
much of crimes that have been committed, in this
District. Mr. President, if you want good order
m this capital, you should establish and support
good public schools, and see that the children, of
every class and description, of every race, in this
District, have the means of obtaining,and have, a
good common-school education; an education that
shall fit them to perform the duties of life. That
policy will save your expenses for the support of
judicial tribunals, and for the support of a police
in the District of Columbia.
I shall vote against this motion of the Senator
from Tennessee; and while I agree with that Sen-
ator that the expenditures of this Governmental
extravagant, and ought to be retrenched, I say
this petty proposition to appropriate $20,000 an-
nually for five years, for the support of schools,
ought not to be stricken out. 1 would vote for it
if it were $100,000, and do it cheerfully, and feel
that I was doing an act for the advancement and
improvemeot of the children of the District of Co-
lumbia.
I introduced, in the early part of the session,
a proposition to grant one million acres of the
public domain for the purposes of common-school
education in this District, the benefit to go to all
the frpe children of the District. That bill is upon
your table. I have not called it up, for the reason
that I supposed some proposition was to come
from the committee, and I intended to move it as
an amendment to this bill. 1 have consulted with
the chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia who reported this bill. He thinks it
may embarrass his bill, and 1 will not make the
motion to amend it by the addition of a grant of
a million acres of the public domain for the use
of the schools of this District. At some future
tune I intend to press the proposition upon the
Semite. We have granted sixty-seven million
acres of public lands for the purposes of educa-
tion in the States; and while we nave hundreds
of millions of acres, millions of acres of which
we aie granting away to construct railroads,-why
should we not set aside a million acres, which
may, perhaps, produce $2,000,000, asapermanent
fund that shall forever go for the support of edu-
cation here in the District of Columbia ? Sir, had
the statesmen of other days—had Congress when
it came to tlm District, set apart one or two mil-
lion acres of the public domain, and made a school
fund, as you have done m your State, sir, [Mr.
Foster in the chair,] that would have brought
one or two hundred thousand dollars to the an-
nual support of schools; and had Congiess or-
ganized in the District of Columbia a good com-
mon-school system, the benefits of it would have
been beyond human calculation. Nearly sixty
years have been lost. We c mnot recall the lost
years, but we can now establish a wise policy,
which shall confer blessings on the people of this
District. Next to the liberty of the people is the
education of the people.
Sir, the cause of education is advancing south-
ward and westward. The common-school system -
is now appreciated all over the counti y. Congress
has shown its appreciation of it by granting more
than uighly-five million dollars' worth of public
lauds for the cause of education in the now States.
Why, then, should we not, while our public lands
are passing away, devote a portion of those pub-
hc lands, and forever dedicate them to the cause
of the education of the whole people of the Dis-
trict, of Columbia ? There is not a city m this
Union that needs so much the aid of the Govern-
ment to establish and support common schools
as the city of Washington Why, sir, our cities
in other portions of the country arc built up by
commerce, by my nufactures, and by the mechanic
arts. They are the places where wealth is cre-
ated—where wealth centers. They can be taxed,
and taxed highly, as they are in my section of
the country, for the support of common schools.
1 do not like, I must tell the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, this little tax of ten cents on the $100 for
the support of schools. I think that it should be
unlimited, except that it should not be less than
that sum; but X shall not move any amendment to
his bill. Perhaps it is all we can do now; bet £
hope the time is not far distant when the Congress
of the United States, in obedience to a wise and
enlightened policy, will see to it that the most
perfect system of common-school education, of
which all the people shall have the benefit, shall
be established m the District of Columbia; that
the schools of this District will be pointed at by
the whole country as model schools.
These are my feelings and views, without oc-
cupying further the time of the Senate, which I
know that the Senator from Mississippi deems
