1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Washington Public Schools—Mr. Johnson.
Senate.
$
very valuable. I will not make the motion I had
intended to make to amend this bill, but will sup-
port the bill as he has reported it. I thank him
most sincerely for the attention he has given this
subject. If his bill shall become a law, as I hope
it will, it will, I am sure, enable the trustees of
the public schools, and other gentlemen of the
city, who have labored, and who are now labor-
ing, with so much zeal and disinterestedness, to
improve and perfect the public schools of the na-
tional capital, to open the closed doors of these
schools to the live thousand poor children now
excluded altogether from them; and these poor
children, now shut out of the schools, benefited
and blessed by your generous bounty, will love
their country bettei, and serve it more readily,
and obey its laws more cheerfully, when they re-
member that you freely provided for them the
means of moral and mental culture. I shall go
for this measure, sir, with all my heart; and, in
doing so, I am sure I but express the sentiments
of the people of Massachusetts, to whom the
cause of popular education has ever been dear.
Although they contribute far more than the peo-
ple of any other State, in proportion to their num-
bers, to the support of the Federal Government,
they will not grudge this small pittance for the
encouragement and support, here in the national
capital, of the cause of popular education, the
blessings of which they so richly enjoy.
Mr. SEWARD. I think that all the difficulty
there is about this question results from want of
accustoming ourselves to consider accurately our
relations to this place, and the relations of this
dace to the country at large, and to the world.
 Ve are not here mere tenants at will, or tenants
for a year or a teim of years. We aie not en-
camped here like an army in our own or in a for-
eign country; hut we are permanently hero, in the
chaiacter of a Government. With the beginning
of the building up of a great nation, there was
also begun necessarily the building up of a cap-
ital—of a great capital. I suppose that there
always has been the some difficulty in repaid to
appropriations that we experience now, at every
step in the pro<ness of this transaction of build-
ing up a capital. 1 remember—it was within my
own time, and yours, sir—when Washington, in-
stead of being regaided as a great capital, was by
those who wen; unable to see its future, ridiculed
as a city of magnificent distances—a mockery of
a city It has passed from that stage and has
already become acity of magnificent edifices and
of magnificent gatdfrix.
Now, as the emmtiy increases, (and I believe
nobody can stop tlui,') as the nation grows m
stienglh, and wealth, and territory, this capital
will necessanlv grow, and every year it wj 11 re-
quite fiom Congi tss tii.- appropriations necessary
to it-3 support, maintenance, prosperity, and to its
advancement m character as the Federal capital,
until it, shall become the finest, the greatest, the
most magnificent capital in the woild. 1 do not
quarrel on the expenditures incident to this object
go along. I see nothing unreasonable in being
expected to substitute paved avenues for the log
causeway which originally was the thoroughfare
from Georgetown to the present Capitol edifice.
I think it is natural to expect that we shall be ic-
quired to provide for iron fences, and for walls
around the public parks, and for tre *s and statu-
ary to put in them. I am always willing to make
appropriations for light and water, because I know
that there can be no capital without these essen-
tial modern improvements.
Now, besides edifices, besides gardens, besides
streets, besides statuary, there is another want
which every capital on earth alv,ays has had, and
always will have, namely—some provision for
maintaining its morals and public virtu*4, ft be-
longs to a capital that there should be a great
population; and it belongs to every metropolitan
population that the poor shall always he found
largely bestowed amongst them. The poor, with
their generations, are to be made useful, virtuous
members of society by education, by mora! char-
acter, or they are to be cut off by punishment, if
such an achievement is possible. We have an il-
lustration at this very session of the necessity of
some provision fur the poor of this capital. We
have passed a bill appropriating ^70,000 a year
to maintain a police in the Federal capital. If,
twenty years ago, Congress had appropriated
$20,000 to educate the children of the capital, I
am very sure that we could have cut down that
large appropriation without feeling that you were
unsafe when you went abroad in the streets of
this metropolis at night. When I see a question
of education addressed to a Legislature, it pre-
sents itself to my mind in this form: will you save
public virtue by preventing vice by the process of
education, or will you leave vice to flourish, and
trust to penal process for the purpose of maintain-
ing public order, and securing society against the
vicious,and wicked, and depraved?
Mr. President, in regard to the power, I am
quite surprised that there can beany doubt on the
subject. Congress has exclusive power to legis-
late for the District of Columbia. Where is the
limitation that you shall not establish schools for
the children in this metropolis? There is none
Rut it is said you must derive from the District
of Columbia the money to supply the endowments
for education within the District. I ask where
that provision is to be found in the Constitution?
Congress has unlimited power over the Federal
Treasury to appropriate what is necessary for the
public welfare. They are to exercise that power
with discretion, with judgment, moderation, pa-
triotism, and public virtue, and if the interests of
the capital require an appropriation exceeding the
revenues it furnishes to the Federal Treasury, 1
sec no constitutional objection. If this objection
was well taken, we could never build this Cap-
itol. This Capitol is no more necessary for the
purposes of the Government, or the welfare of
the country, in my judgment, than school-houses
for the education of children at the seat of Gov-
ernment.
Mr. President, I always hear with pleasure
propositions for retrenchment. It is a duty which
we ought to perform, to watch jealously and with
care over the appropriation of the public money,
and yet I never am carried away by a feeling of
that kind when the proposition presented to my
mind is one of public education. I have looked
with some care through the history of Govern-
ments; and whilp I have seen that wars, that the
ambition of kings and princes, that public osten-
tation and Inxuiyhave ofttn ruined nations, I
believe thnt that nation is yet to come into exist-
ence which lias been impoverished by the edu-
cation of its child] en at the public cost. On the
other hand, m looknie through the history of our
own country, and other counti ics, 1 think I have
observed that those States which took the best
care of pubhc education, and those States which
have spent the most money for that purpose judi-
ciously, are the strongest, the most vigorous and
mosl wealthy, and that ih"it population are the
most happy and comfortable. 1 belh ve that will
be found to be the case in Europe as it is m this
country, if i saw any objection to this appro-
priation whatever, iL would be that it was not
more general in its scope, so as to secure more
impartial education to all the children in the Dis-
trict.
For these reasons, I shall, with great pleasure,
vote to sustain the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not wish
to consume more than a few minutes' time, but I
desire to nay a few words to set myself right. 1
do not know whether I heard the Senator from
New York corr^tiy or not m his constitutional
argument, but what I am about to say can as well
be said m the absence of a correct understanding
of his remarks as otherwise. If I understood him
conectly, he seemed to think the power was clear
beyond doubt. 1 know that on all propositions to
take money out of the Treasury, it is very haid to
make a constitutional question, and leally, in these
latterdays. the Constitution practically hasalmost
ceased to exist. It scarcely means anything. It
is an antiquated affair, a mere paper wall, to make
use of an old remark, that a man who wishes to
violate can push his finger through wherever he
thinks proper, or a piece of gum elastic that can
be expanded or contracted at pleasure. That is
about the shape the Constitution has got into, and
most persons interpret it to suit their own peculiar
notions. I know it is getting ancient and out of
date to talk about constitutional questions, but I
am rather old-fashioned on such points.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that the
Congress of the United States occupies to the
District of Columbia the same relation that the
Legislatures of the States do to the people of
the States. Let us take that proposition and see
where it brings us Before the cession of this
District to the United States, Maryland had full
power to legislate for it; it could lay taxes; it could
collect taxes and appropriate them to common
schools. That is clear. Where did it get the taxes
from ? From what source did it collect revenue ?
Was it not from the people of Maryland ? Then
if the Legislature ceded all the jurisdiction that
Legislature had to the Federal Government, can
this Government exercise any greater power than
the Legislature of Maryland exercised over it?
The fact that Congress has exclusive power of
legislation here docs not confer any additional
power at all. Does the fact that the Congress of
the United States takes the place of the Legisla-
ture of Maryland,give Congress, while acting in
the capacity of a Legislature for the District, con-
trol over the Federal Treasury? I say it does
not, and the proposition cannot be sustained in
sound logic. While Congress occupies the rela-
tion of a Legislature, it can exercise the functions
of a Legislature and none other. This would give
it control over the fund collected from these peo-
ple, to appropriate it to their own purposes, and
not control over the Federal Treasury of the na-
tion.
Let us take another case. Suppose you go to
the constitution of the State of Maryland, and it
says that the Legislature shall pass no law to
abolish slavery. When the Legislature ceded the
temtory to the United States, did it confer any
greater powerthan ithadr It could noLabolish sla.-
veiy,and could it concede to or confer upon Con-
gress the power to abolish slavery here? Not at
all. If exclusive l^gislationgave unlimited power,
Congress could abolish slavery in violation of the
fundamental law of the State of Maryland. Sup-
pose, for instance, the State of Maryland could
grant titles of nobility. The Constitution of the
United States expressly prohibits your granting
them, but because you have exclusive legislation
can yon confer titles of nobility in the District of
Columbia? Not at all.
Then, when we test this matter by principle,
we find that simply those powers which might be
exercised by the Legislature that ceded the terri-
tory to the Federal Government, can be exercised
by the Federal Government. Can you not con-
fer power on the people of the District to collect
taxes for common schools and educate their chil-
dren , as they should be educated, in every proper
manner? But the argument seems to dwindle,
and the views of some gentlemen to diminish and
become veiy small when they talk about taking
twenty or fifty or one hundred thousand dollars
out of the Federal Treasury for purposes of edu-
cation in the District of Columbia.
My friend, the chairman of the District Com-
mittee, makes rather a patheticappeai. He says
that I have acquired, to some extent m the coun-
try, the reputation of being the poor man's friend.
Whether I have acquired that reputation or not,
I know how the fact is; I know that the finger
cannot be pointed to any vote I ever gave in the
Congress of the United States for ten long years,
or in my own-State Legislature, or any recom-
mendation 1 ever made to the Legislature as Ex-
ecutive of the State, that comes in conflict with
the interests of the great mass of the people. In
advocating the proposition I have moved to-day,
I feel that I am standing on precisely the same
ground. I am for amelioiating, for alleviating the
condition of the great mass of the people. I am
in fa\or of each community doing that out of its
own resouices, and upon its own responsibility.
Let the, States provide their systems of education,
and educate their children and tax their people to
a sufficient extent to enable them to do it. Each
community should be taxed to that extent which
will enable every child within its limits to be ed-
ucated. I have advocated that in my own Legis-
lature. How do I now come in conflict with that
principle? When I go to the State which I have
the honor m part to represent, I find there—I re-
giet that it is so, but the truth should be told, and
I know it is so in other States as well as my
own—thousands of children who need education,
whose parents have not the meanstoedueate them,
