1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ive Governments possessing or claiming the Canadas^ova
Scoua, and other portions of North America and Cuba, and
other islands adjacent thereto, with a view of annexing the
same to the United States, on terms compatible with the
peace and honor of the nation? negotiating. Provided, how-
ever, That 111 the eventof any annexation, no portion of the
territory shall be admitted into the Union until there shall
be therein a sufficient population to entitle them to one mem-
bet of the House of Representatives, nor until the bona fide
residents of the same shall have had an opportunity of
voting upon their constitution and of " regulating their do-
mestic institutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States."
Mr. FLORENCE. The price is not named.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The object is to negotiate
the price.
Mr CLEMENS. I object.
UNITED STATES COURT REGULATIONS.
Mr. STANTON asked leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the standing Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so modifying
the law regulating the selection ofjurors m the circuit and
district courts of the United States, as to take the power
Of selecting regular jurors from the marshals and clerks of
the several com ts, and confer it upon suitable persons, to
be distributed over the several circuits and districts.
.Mr. CRA1G-E, of North Carolina, objected.
CINCINNATI A PORT OF ENTRY.
Mr. PENDLETON" introduced a bill to estab-
lish a port of entry at Cincinnati, in the State of
Ohio; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee 011 Com-
merce. *
OHIO JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. PENDLETON also introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to divide the State
of Ohio in to two judicial districts, and providing for
holding the courts of the United States therein;"
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
THE DRED SCOTT DECISION.
Mr. GIDDINGS asked the consent of the
House to submit the following resolution:
Wheieas, the Supreme Couit of the United States in de-
ciding the recent case of Dred Scott against John F. A.
Sand!ord,depaited from the subject befoie them for the ap-
parent puipooe of denying the self-evident truths proclaimed
in the Declaration of American Independence, and exerting
an influence upon this body and the country in favor of sla-
very, it has become the imperative duty of the people to ex-
press, through their authorized representatives, their fiun
and unyielding adherence to the essential doctrines avowed
by the illustrious founders of our Republic: Therefore
Resolved, That the light to live, the liberty to cherish and
protect life, to attain knowledge and happiness, are gifts of
God, conferred equally on every member of the human fam-
ily . That these lights attach tothe human soul; he behind
and above all human enactments; coming fioin the Creator,
they mu.-l ever be held sacred by all OlniMnui Governments,
and their enjoyment can only be invaded by incurring the
Divine di^plea-suie. That, as tyiants, despots, usurpers,
pirates, andoppressms, have in ail ages ot the woiid, sought
to deprive then fellow men of hbei ty, of intelligence, of
happiness, and to hold the lives ot othei persons at their dis-
posal, we fully and unequivocally agree with the eminent
statesmen who foimed our institutions, that the puinexal
object and ulterior design of human government is to secure
every member of the human family 111 the enjoyment of
those rights which God has conferred on him. That said
court, in leprcsonting the signers ot the Declatation of In-
dependence to have asserted truths which they did not
intend to avow, and to have entertained barbarous "doctrines
which they did not express, unjustly assailed the learning,
the intelligence, the patriotism, the Christianity of those dis-
tinguished patriots. That, by disregarding the language of
said Declaration, the debates at the tune of its adoption, the
cuirent histoiy of that period, the oft-repeated views of the
signers of that great charter of human rights, arid seeking
for the intention of those sages m the colonial statutes of
Maryland and Massachusetts, concerning marriage enacted
by olxetire men of a pievious age, the court have biought
diseiedit upon the judiciary of the United States.
Pending the reading of (he resolution,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said: Mr. Speaker,
can a speech be introduced here in the guise of a
resolution ?
Mr. JBOCOCK. Does the hour rule apply to
the reading of resolutions? [Laughter ]
The SPEAKER. When the hour expires, the
question will arise for the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WARREN. I have an amendment to of-
fer to the resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the resolution.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, introduced a
bill to establish a national armory and arsenal at
the falls of the Ohio river; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask leave
to introduce a joint resolution to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the resolution be read
for information.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
Untied States of vhnerica in Congress assembled, (two thirds
of both Houses concurring.) That the following amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States is iiereby pro-
posed, which, when ratified by the Legislatures .ot three
fourths of the States of the United States, shall be a part of
the said Constitution of the United States., to wit: that the
second section of the first article of the Constitution of the
United States of America be, and it is, amended by adding
to the same the following woids:
Provided, That only the natui al born citizen of the United
States of America, or the citizen naturalized according to
an act of the Congress of the United Stated, shall be deemed
a qualified electoi under this Constitution, to exeicise the
right to vote for a member of the House of Representatives of
the United States of Amenca.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The reso-
lution does not fall by a single objection.
The SPEAKER, '
previous notice it does not
_ Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have not
given previous notice. I intend the resolution for
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary, in
order that they may consider it-.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky not having previously given one day's no-
tice required by the rules to introduce a bill or
joint resolution, asks the unanimous consent to
waive that requirement.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I presume
that a majority of the House can give me leave
to introduce the resolution.
The SPEAKER. A majority could give leave
if previous notice had been given.
POST ROUTES IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be mstiuctcd to inquire into the piopuetyof
establishing a pon route between Murray and Hickman,
Kentucky, via Boydsville, Duhcdorn, and Feliciana; al-o,
from Piovidenco to Vandoburgh, via Clyde; al^o, from Pa-
ducah to Hickman, Kentuiky, via Maj<field and Feliciana;
also, from May field to Pans, in Tennessee, via Boydsville.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I offer the foi-
lowing amendment:
And that I lie Committee on the Post Office arid Post Roads
be mstiuctcd to inqune into the expediency of erecting a
post office in the city of Brooklyn, New York, and report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
amendment
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Can a member,
when his State is not called, tack an amendment
to another proposition? Is it not in violation of
the order >
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution would be amendable, but that the
amendment must be germane to the original prop-
osition; but the Chair is of opinion that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from New York is not
germane to the original proposition submitted by
the gentleman from Kentucky.
The resolution was then adopted.
COLONEL CRABB, ETC.
Mr. UNDERWOOD offered the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully leque&ted to communicate, if in his opinion not in-
consistent with the public mteiesi.aJJ official in formation and
com^pondence in possesion of any of the Executive De-
paitments of the Government in relation to the execution
01 massacre of Colonel Ciabb and his associates, within or
near the limits of the Republic of Mex'co, giving the names
of the persons whose lives were taken; whether certain
citizens of the United States were not so executed or mas-
sacred by the Mexican aiuhoniy withmthc limit of the Uni-
ted States, upon the pretext that they were connected with
said Crabb's expedition ; and what steps, if any, have been
taken by the Government in reference thereto.'
The resolution was adopted.
POST ROUTE IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. STEYENSON offered the following res-
olution:
„ Resolved, That the Committee on the Po^t Office and Post
Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Ghent, in Carroll county, to New
Liberty, m Owen county, m the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky.
Mr. COX moved to amend by adding thereto
the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into tfce-espedlency of estab-
lishing a post route from Lancaster, Ohio, by way of Roy-
alton, South Bloomfield, Genoa, Hamburg, and Califor-
nia, to London, Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment is not in order, and therefore rules it out.
The resolution was then agreed to.
NAVIGATION OF CUMBERLAND RIVER. .
Mr. TALBOT introduced a bill for the im-
provement of the navigation of Cumberland river ;
which was read a first and second time, and rer-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
PENSIONS TO OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS.
Mr. MASON introduced a bill granting pen-
sions to the officers and soldiers of the war with
Great Britain, and those engaged in Indian wars
during that period; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
POST OFFICE BUILDING AT PADUCAH.
Mr. BURNETT offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of constructing a suitable build-
ing for a post office at Paducab, in the State of Kentucky.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
POST ROUTE IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. UNDERWOOD oifered the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resulted, That the Committee on the Post Office and
J'o^t Tionds ho m^tmctod to inquire into the expediency of
establishing and creating Barren river, from Bowling Green
to its mouth, and Gieen river, from the mouth of Barren
river to its mouth in the Ohio river, and the Ohio river fioift
the mouth of Green river to Evansville, a post loute, and
to p: ovule that the mails thereon be couveyed by boatb pro-
pelled by t.team.
AUDITING OF CERTAIN ACCOUNTS.
Mr. MASON offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be authorized
to settle, on just and equitable principles, certain accounts
now on file 111 the Cleik's office, for services rendered this
House during the last session, and since the adjournment
of the last Congress; and that the said committee be further
authorized to allow the Clerk of this House to employ such
temporary or permanenjMforce, as, on investigation by said
committee, may be deemed necessary for extra labor grow-
ing out of the icmovalfrom the main building of the Capitol
to the south wing; and to organize properly the clerks, door-
keepers, and post office of the House of Representatives.
Mr. MASON. I merely wish to say that it is
doubtful whether, under the rules of the House,
the Committee on Accounts have the power asked
for in that resolution. There are a good many
obligations growing out of the removal of the
House into this building. A select committee was
appointed some time ago to take into considera-
tion matters connected with this new Hall. That
committee made one report, but have not been
discharged. The duties of the two committees
may conflict somewhat, and I desire that one com-
mittee shall have charge of this whole matter.
The Committee on Accounts are industriously
inquiring into this business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire if
those accounts filed in the Clerk's office are the*
ones for extra pay and increased pay and back
pay for the last ten years, voted by the last Con-
gress ?
Mr. MASON. They are not. The House acted
upon those upon their own responsibility. But
there are a great many employes about tne Capi-
tol, some of whom were authorized by the old
Committee on Accounts to go home and stay dur-
ing the recess last summer, and at the same time
draw their pay. There are others here who did
work. We want to do justice between the parties;
to pay those who did work, and to strike off those
who have been illegally authorized to draw pay
, for work which has not been performed. The
committee has beeji investigating all these matters,
and would have reported on them before now,but
the House has appointed two investigating com-
mittees to look into the same business, thus im-
plying that the House has not confidcnce in the
Committee on Accounts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels it to be its
duty to arrest this debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say a word only.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to object to
the resolution, but I wish to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
