1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
duct through such land, or the partial, or temporary, or per-
manent appropriation. use, or occupation, o( such land, ac-
cording to flic best of Jus skill and judgment ? and that in
such valuation he will not spare any person Tor favor or af-
fection, nor any peison grieve for malice, hatred, or ill will,
and the inquisition thereupon taken shall be signed by the
marshal and four-fifths of the said jury, and returned by the.
marshal to the circuit court for the District of Columbia, and
unless good cause be shown against the said inquisition, it
shall be affirmed by the court at its first term after said re-
turn, and recorded ; but if, from any cause, no inquisition
shall be returned to such court within one jnonth after the
commencement of the next ensuing term, the said court, at
its discretion, as often as may be necessary, may direct
another inquisition to be taken, in the manner above pre-
scribed ; and upon every such valuation the jury is hereby
directed to describe and ascertain the bounds of the land by
them valued, and the quality and duration of the interest
and "estate in the same required by the said United States foi
the use of the aqueduct, and their valuation shall be conclu-
sive on all persons, aud shall be paid for by the said United
States or its authorized agent to the owner of the land, or
his, or her, or their legal representative; and, on payment
thereof, the said United States shall be seized of such land
as of an absolute estate in perpetuity, or with such less
quantity and duration of interest or estate in the same, or
subject to such paitial or temporary appropriation, u^e, or
occupation, as shall be required and desired, as aforesaid,
as if conveyed by the owner to the said United States; and
whenever, in the construction of the said aqueduct, or any
of the works thereof, reservoirs, dams, ponda, feeders, tun-
nels, aqueducts, culverts, bridges, or works of any other de-
scription whatsoever appurtcnantthcieto, it shall be neces-
sary to use earth, timber, stone, or gravel, or any other
material to be found on any of the lands adjacent or near
thereto, and the said United States or their agent eaimut
procure the same for the woiks aforesaid by private conn act
of the proprietor or owner, or in case the owner should be
a feme covert or non compos, or underage, or out ot tlie Dis-
trict, the same proceedings in ail respects shall bo had as in
the case before mentioned of the assessment and condem-
nation of the lands required for the said aqueduct or the
works appurtenant thereto: Provided, That the work shall
not be delayed pending any such pioceeding in court, but
the same shall be continued without obstruction thereby,
after the inquisition shall be returned to the court.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the second
section, in line fifteen, by inserting, after the word
** temporary," the words " or permanent."
The amendment was agreed to; and the second
section, as amended, reads as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That it Miall and may
he lawful for the United States or its agent, in case ol any
dispute ordiflicultyarising as to the ownership of the land
condemned, as above, for the u e of s>aid aqueduut, or in
case the owner should he a Jeme coveit, under age,non
rornj/os, or out of the said District of Columbia, and ho per-
son duly authorized to receive the same, that the sud Uni-
ted State.-, or its agent, he authorized, by petition to the
circuit court for the District of Columbia, and upon said
court's, order, to deposit the money for winch the said land
was condemned in the place directed by &aid couit; and the
certificate ot the proper officer of said deposit shall be con-
sidered as a full payment for said land, and thereby vest in
the United States an absolute estate in perpetuity, or with
such les-i quantity and duration of interest m the *.ame, as}
subject to such partial, or temporaly, or peimaneut use or
occupation as shall be required and described as ulorc&ud,
if conveyed by the owner or owneit. of said haul.
Mr. BROWN. I move, in the ninth line of the
third section, being the last line in the bill, to fill
the blank by insetting " sixty" before " days."
Tlio amendment was agreed to; and the section
amended is:
Sec. iJ. And he it fui ther enacted, That it shall lie the duty
of said circuit couit to hear and determine to whom the said
money doos belong, and, upon being satisfied to whom
the land did belong, to pa>s their decree dneetuii: ilie eietk
of feiud court to pay over to the owner the same money de-
posited as above, after deducting expenses. The eotut is
further authorized to direct the mode tor tiynustho cave, and
the litigants have the right of appeal, provided the appeal is
taken within sixty days from the decree ot s.ud court.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in; the bill
"was ordered to be engrossed for a thiid reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
SAN FRANCISCO MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 175) for the relief of S. W. Holladay and
others, together with the papers id the case, have
directed me to report them back, with a resolu-
tion directing the Attorney General to inquire
into the circumstances of tiie transactions detailed
in the papers. I will state the casein a few words.
It appears that the city of San Francisco, in 1352,
made a quit-claim deed to the United States for
a square of ground for the purpose of building an
hospital; an hospital was built on this property;
and now we are told that some of the very lots
which were conveyed to the United States in
1852 had been sold on execution against the city
of San Francisco in 1851. The lots in question
were sold at the sheriff's sale in 1851 for about
eight hundred dollars, and we are asked now to
buy them out for $£0,000, after we have put the
hospital on the grounds thatthe city conveyed to
us. Under these circumstances the committee
think there is grave ground of suspicion as to the
bona fides of the whole matter, and have directed
me to report a resolution, and ask for its imme-
diate adoption by the Senate.
The report of the committee was read as follows:
The Committee on Private Land Claims, to which was
referred the bill (S. No. 175) entitled "A bill for the relief
of S. W. Holladay and others," respectfully report:
That from the papers accompanying said bill, it appears
that the city of San Francisco, on the 11th of December,
1832, executed a (juit-elami deed in favoi of the United
States, for a squaie of ground on which an hospital ha« been
bui't by the Government. It fui ther appears, that in October,
1851,two fifty-vaialots in said square were sold on execution
issued against, the city for $860, and that in an action of
ejectment decided m one of the State courts in California,
the title of the puicha&crs at the sheriffs sale has been held
valid.
The bill proposes to authorize a purchase of these two
lot? at a pi ice not exceeding $20,000.
These facts on"the face of the papers submitted to the
committee, justify the suspicion that theic may be other
dofeets in the title not only to the two lots in question, but
to the remainder of the square on which the hospital has
been erected. They create painful suspicion of a want of
good faith, which requires a scrupulous investigation of all
the circumstances auendantou the transactions. The com-
mittee, therefore, propose to the Senate the adoption of the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Attorney General he directed to make
caieful examination of the nature and validity of the title
conveyed to the United States by the city of San Francisco,
on the 11th December, 1852, and to report to the Senate—
1. Whether any and what defects exist in said title.
2. Whether the parties to whom lots five and six, in Hos-
pital square, at San Francisco, were conveyed by sheriiPs
deed in 18^1, have valid title to said lots under said convey-
ances, and are competent now to ttpn&fer valid title to the
United States.
0. Wh.it is the present value of said lotsfi*c and sit, and
whether the said lots aie indispensable for the use of the
hospital.
4. Whether there are any outstanding claims of title to
any other pait of said Hospital square.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should like to add another
inquiry, to which I presume the Senator will have
no objection; and that is, that the Attorney Gen-
eral inquire whether the persons who claim to
have made this purchase under the execution were
residents ofSan Francisco, and knew of the build-
ing of this hospital, and did not object to it. ]
Mr. KENJAMiN. I have no objection to that
amendment. I supposed the Attorney General
would inquire into ttiose facts anyhow; but it is
better to provide for it.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 desire that it be put in.
I move to amend the resolution by directing the
Attorney General also to inquire "where the
claimants of said lots reside, and whether they
had notice of the purchase by the Government,
and knew of the erection of the hospital, or made
any objection thereto."
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution, as amended, was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr, YULEE. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 143) which provides for the creation
of the office of Fourth Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral. The business of the Post Office Department
is very much delayed for the want of such an of-
ficer as is provided for in this bill. It is desirable
that the eaily action of the Senate should be had ,
upon it, in order that it may reach the IIousc of
Representatives in season for action there during
the present session.
Mr. STUART. Tt is certainly within n very
few seconds of the tune of taking up the unfinished
business ol'yesterday, and this proposition of the
Senatorfrom Florida will involve some discussion,
I can see by the character of it.
Mr. YULEE. I think not.
Mr. STUART. I am certain it will. I think
we had better pioceed with the unfinished busi-
ness of yesteiday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biogs in
the chair.) The hour has arrived for the consid-
eration of the special order, being the unfinished
business of yesterday, which is the bill (S. No.
86) for the admission of Minnesota into the Union.
Mr. YULEE. I give notice that I shall ask the
Senate to-morrow, during the morning hour, to
take up the bill to which I have called attention.
Mr. HALE. I know that I am not situated in t
such a way as to have the responsibility of what:
the Senate is about to do; but I think it is a re- '
proach to us that the wheels of Government, in
this city, arc stopped for want of executive offi-
cers to do the business of the courts—an attorney
and marshal; and I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business
The motion was agreed to. After some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 30, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Smith Pyne, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the War
Department in answer to a resolution calling for
information relating to the sale of the Poit Ripley
reservation; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to*be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury in reply to a resolution of the 5th
of March calling for information as to the rob-
bery of John Hastings, collector, at Pittsburg;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Postmaster
General, transmitting an abstract of offers forcar-
ryingthe mails under the act of July 2,185(5; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be piinted.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a joint resolu-
tion and bill of the following titles; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
Joint resolution (S. No. 17) explanatory of the
" joint resolution giving an increased compensa-
tion to all laborers in the employment of the exec-
utive and legislative departments of the Govern-
ment in the city of Washington," approved 18th
August, 1856;
A bill (S. No. 145) for the relief of Brevet Ma-
jor James L. Donaldson, assistant quarteimaster
United States Army; and
A bill (S. No. 202) for the rehef of Major Jer-
emiah Y. Dashiell, paymaster in the United States
Army.
OLIVIA W. CANNON.
Mr. WHITELEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill continuing the pension to Mrs.
Olivia W. Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon,
deceased, late a midshipman in the United States
Navy; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. LETCHER. I now insist on my motion.
Mr. GARTRELL. Will the gentleman from
Virginia yield to me that I may introduce a bill
for reference ?
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman mustexcuse
mo. There are many others who want the same
accommodation; and I cannot yield to ail.
Mr. liLAIR. J ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make an explanation in reply to
language used by my colleague [Mr, Clark] in
his speech the other day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia refuses to yield further.
The motion of Mr. Letcher was then agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bo-
cock m the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the deficiency bill, on which the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. San"I>idge] was entitled to
the lloor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would beg
leave to say before proceeding to business, that
something like twenty-eight gentlemen, who have
not yet spoken, have intimated a desire to address
the committee during the progress of this debate.
Only two days remain before the time when, by
agreement, a motion is to be made to take up the
Kansas bill. The Chair states those facts to
gentlemen in order that they may consider what
course is proper for them to take in order to get
their speeches j .
Mr. NICHOLS. I understand that debate is
extended on this bill until Friday, and that dis-
cussion after Thursday will be confined to the bill
itself.
The CHAIRMAN. That is so.
Speeches were then made on the Kansas ques-
tion by Messrs. SANDIDGE, WALRRIDGE,
LEIDY, DAVIS of Maryland, CLAY, HAR-
LAN, UNDERWOOD, and HOARD.
[These speeches will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
