1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2439
foreseen the panic, the suspension of the banks
and the general disturbance of trade and the
monetary difficulties that occurred. I am willing
to vote to give the Government power to make a
loan to discharge its debts and meet existing
wants; but at the same time I want it understood
that the money appropriated is to be faithfully
applied for the purposes directed by Congress.
I am not willing that the Administration shall set
up its opinion and will to override the law, and
in face of the people's wishes.
The policy of our southern friends is erroneous.
I repeat what I said the other day, when the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Branch] at-
tempted to controvert it, that we of the South have
but a tonnage of forty thousand builtat the South
out of the five millions belonging to the Union.
How are we to have a commerce, when you will
not vote for a navy-yard, or to improve a harbor,
or vote to keep up the mail steamer service, build
a light-house, or a light-ship ? I want to see south-
ern men come up to the support of the latter. The
ocean mail steamer service ought to be sustained.
While vessels are now sent from northern cities
alone, let us start, as soon as we can, steamers from
the South. My word for it, from my intercourse
with northern men, they will come up and divide
with us equally and fairly. We all have seen how
they aro disposed on the subject. When are we
going to have steamers from southern ports?
When are we going to have direct importation
and exportation ? These questions have been dis-
cussed for a short while in the southern commer-
cial conventions, but forgotten with the adjourn-
ment until their next meeting. With our rich
products, why should we not have speedy and
direct means of communication with Europe?
Who stands in the way ? A set of extreme south-
ern men who belong to the do-nothing school, men
who refuse to become the recipients of the bless-
ings of the General Government. I am sorry to
say that the present occupant of the chair [Mr.
Hocston] is of that class.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will let the
Chair answer that question himself.
Mr. SEWARD. You can reply when you get
upon the floor. I do not mean any reflection. I
only think that it is a mistaken judgment on the
gentleman's part. While we rcccive §7,000,000
for the transmission of mail matter, wo are ca.led
on to supply a deficiency of expenditures over re-
ceipts in the Post Office Department of ^3,500,000.
Now, my opinion is, that we can start lines of
steamers from New York, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, and Savannah, to Liverpool, which, with
the revenue arising therefrom, will leave a defi-
ciency not much exceeding half a million. Is it
not wise to do that, and to have a general system
by which all portions of the countiy will be ben-
efited—the North, the South, the East, and the
West? I do not care to make any extended re-
marks now. I had my statements of matters of
fact prepared and ready to speak some days ago,
but 1 failed to get the floor. I did not expect to
get it to-day, and have not brought my statements
with me. ,
I come to another point. I do not know what
amount the South contributes under our naviga-
tion laws to the support of the North. It is
a matter of complaint at the South that we do
contribute largely. We always will do so until
we become ship-builders ourselves. It is said tuat
those laws ought to be repealed. Suppose they
are repealed: would not foreign shipping come
here, increase freights, and make the South still
more tributary to them ? Subservience of south-
ern interests to the North depends on our want
of action. I believe that the Constitution con-
templates that the Government shall aid and fa-
cilitate such national objects, "i et, sir, whenever
we talk about harbor improvements, or the estab-
lishment of a line of steameis, we are met by the
objections of these southern men. Gentlemen
complained that an appropriation to aid in the
laying of the Atlantic cable was unconstitutional.
I voted for that measure, and I am proud that 1
did. It is, I believe, the greatest work of the age.
We have appropriated only $70,000 to be paid
upon the completion of the work, and not until
then, and I believe it was also limited to ten years.
Well, sir, we have had a land bill up before this
session of Congress, and it has been charged by
the gentleman from Virginia as a species of ex-
travagance. I voted to divide the Unas, and
would vote for it again; and there is no consti-
tutional objection in the way, because the dispo-
sition of the public lands is legitimately within
the scope and authority of the power of Congress,
under the Constitution. Complaints are made
upon the part of gentlemen from the South, that
we are giving the lands to the North west for build-
ing railroads; and yet when gentlemen from the
North propose to divide out the lands fairly to a
certain extent, for educational purposes, and for
the purpose of establishing agricultural schools,
at the South as well as at the North, gentlemen
of the South vote against it, and complain that it
is extravagant and in violation of the Constitu-
tion. I hope the Senate of the United States will
pass that bill. I am willing to go home to my
constituents and defend my vote on that bill as
a just measure, especially to those States which
have not been individually benefited by these
grants of lands for railroads. I believe, sir, that
I voted for but one of them. I am not complain-
ing of the policy. I do not look at those grants
as gifts by the Government. I believe that the
principle of compensation in those grants can be
well defended; and that when the Government
doubles the price of the reserved sections, she
loses nothing, and adds greatly to the wealth of
the nation by having the country settled along the
line of the railroads.
And I will go further, and I will vote, if I have
an opportunity, for a carefully guarded railroad
bill to connect the Atlantic States with the Pacific
i ocean on the same principle. I shall not stop,
I whenever a measure comes up, to inquire whether
it will benefit the Noith, the South, the East, or
the West. AH 1 ask is, that Congress shall deal
j justly to the section I represent; and when the '
*R.cpiesentativns of the North come forward and
propose to do that, I am ready to shake hands
with them. And if there were more of this kindly
feeling it would bury sectionalism so thatitwould
never have a resui rcction. The great hinderance
to legislation is, that a gulf is interposed, almost
i impassable, between northern and southern men.
! Their social iiitercoutse is interrupted; kindly
■ feelings and matters of courtesy are overlooked
I upon this floor, because of this strife and discord,
i There is a constant murmuring here, upon one
! side or the other, kept up on this account. I warft
i to see that feeling buried; and, as I said the other
1 day, when our northern friends took a step to-
wards recognizing the right and equality of the
South, I felt proud of it, and proud in declaring
it. And while I say this, I say there is no man
who would go further in advocating the peculiar
■ interests of the South than myself, for I have al-
! ways been regarded as an extreme man. _ But we
have reached a point in the liisiory of this coun-
try when all this sectional strife should be blotted l
I out. Controversy is now behind us; and God |
' forbid that it should be presented again. |
We want peace; we want confidence at the ,
North and at the South. And if you will build ,
up a commerce, and bring northern and southern
men into contact, we will bring about a peacc, and
the South and North will be heard no more as j
two sections of this great Government, lhey |
will geneiously vie with each other in improving
our whole country, and elevating this great na-
tion, and making it what it will and must be m
the future.
Having said thus much, and thanking the com-
mittee for its patient hearing, I will yield the
fl°Mr J. GLANCY JONES obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania to allow me to read the law to which
I referred, and of which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] said he had no knowledge.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I think we have
had enough of this debate, and that we had better
confine further debate to the bill under considera-
tion. I therefore move that the committee rise,
with a view of going into the House and teimi-
natmg debate on this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be much
obliged to the gentleman from Pennsylvania if he
would allow me a short time to express some
views, and thus avoid the necessity of my asking
that privilege of the House.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I would remind
the gentleman that we shall soon have another bill
under consideration on which he can speak.
Mr. SM ITU, of Virginia. 1 can just as well
say what I desire to say upon this bill as upon
any other.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am sorry I can-
not accommodate my friend, but I thinlc we liave
had enough discussion on this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for a division.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, Mr. Houston reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union bad, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly a bill (H. R. No. 242) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th June, 1859, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that all
debate upon the Army appropriation bill be ter-
minated m five minutes after the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union shall again
proceed to its consideration.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I desire to say that almost immedi-
ately after the motion was made that the commit-
tee rise, and as soon as the motion was announced,
without a moment's delay, I called for a division
on the motion; but the chairman of the committee
announced that my call was too late, and that the
motion was carried. The question I submit is
this: that the presiding officer ill committee is
bound to put a question distinctly, and take a cleat
and definite response, giving an opportunity to
any member to have the vote verified who chooses
to do so, and then to announce the result.
The SPEAKER. The Cluur ov ei i ules the ques-
tion of order, as he can have no knowledge ol
i what transpired in committee except what is l'e-
i ported by the chairman of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say that I was
I chairman of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; that I put the question dis-
tinctly, received the vote from both sides, and an-
nounced the result before any gentleman called
for a division; and was in the act of leaving the
chaii, as the Speaker knows, and every other gen -
tleman m tills body, when the gentleman called
for a division.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The House fully
understands the amount of time that was allowed
to call for a division.
I now address myself to another question. 1 ho
gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes to close
debate in five minutes after the committee again
resumes ttie consideration of this bill. I ask that,
it may be extended to thirty minutes. [Cries of
"No'!" "No!''] I move that asan amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SANDIDGE. If it is in order, I would
like to say that there aro several gentlemen who
desire to offer amendments in good faith to this
bill; and! hope the House will permit such amend-
ments to be explained in committee by ten-minute
speeches,insteadoffive. [Criesof"No!""No! ]
The SPEAKER. That can only be allowed by
general consent, inasmuch as it changes the rules
of the House.
Several MLiiEiir.i objected.
The resolution to close debate ill five minutes
was adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
ndes be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and Uie
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr Houston
ill the chair,) and resumed the consideration ot^
the -T"
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. f
! Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, I had intended
I to speak upon the financial policy of the Go\ern-
1 ment and its expenditures, but I cannot do it
i five minutes, and must therefore defer to some
! Other time. 1 expected, when the gentleman f.om
I Virginia [Mr. Letcher] took the flooi,to heal
1 some reasons why the expenditures of the Gov-
1 ernment have increased more than a thud in five
years, and almost one half m eight years. But
he fails to assign any in answer to the very able
speech of the gentleman from Ohio, |)Ur bid.R-
man.] He chose to divcit attention from the point
