1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Washington Public Schools—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
ted powers we have also the power of a State gov-
ernment, what impediment can there possibly be
to our power to appropriate money out of the pub-
lic Treasury. The difference between this Gov-
ernment and a State government—and that is
proper to be marked in considering this question—
is that the Geperal Government is one of limited
and enumerated powers; we can as a Congress, in
reference to the States, exercise no power that we
cannot show in the Constitution to be granted to
us. The State governments stand exactly on the
reverse of that position. They have all the powers
which their constitution docs not prohibit; and if
their constitution does not choose to prohibit any
powers, then so far as relates to their character
of States, they are under no limitation of powers
except those expressly forbidden by the Consti-
tution of the United States. Standing in this re-
lation, I am of opinion that our povversare entirely
adequate, unquestionably so, to grant money out
of the public Treasury for purposes peculiarly
beneficial to the Territory.
Sir, upon what other principle is it that we take
money out of the public Treasury to pay for the
ordinary expenses of Government in one of oar
Territories. You establish a territorial govern-
ment; you appoint aGovernor and judges to pre-
side over a distant people living within a Terri-
tory. That is for the service of the people there,
that justice may be administered and order pre-
served, and it is peculiarly for their benefit; and
yet do we say that we cannot take money out of
the public Treasury to pay the salaries of the of-
ficials by whom we exercise Government there?
That is as directly for the benefit of the Territory
as education would be. We are in the common
exercise of that right. Even under the powciscon-
ferred upon us as a Congress of the United States,
we do that. Can we not do the same thing in re-
lation to a grant of money to this Territory for
another purpose that we think inures to the pub-
lic benefit, peculiarly to the District of Columbia,
but incidentally to the benefit of the whole Union
with which we are connected? I cannot see, 1
confess,when I look at this question on the ground
of judicial authority, on the ground of legislative
authority, upon precedents entirely analogous to
the present, any reason on which to hang a doubt
as to the power of the Government.
The only other point is as to the expediency;
and upon that every Senator can judge for him-
self. 1 think it is expedient. 1 think, with the
Senator from New York, that it is cheaper for us
to educate these people than to pay the cost of
their ignorance and their crime afterwards. It is
cheaper to educate than it is to suffer the conse-
quences of ignorance. I shall not enter into tins
question of expediency. Every gentleman will
act upon Ins own judgment in legard to it. I
think we could not make a more judicious appio-
priation. All the States are m the habit of mak-
ing such appropriations. They puttheir hands
into the treasury to establish schools everywhere;
in counties which furnish no revenue above their
ordinary local expenditures, which put no money,
in fact, into the treasury, us well as in counties
which do put money into the treasury. There
are, I venture to say, in the State of the honora-
ble gentleman from Tennessee, as well as in my
State, counties that, do not pay a cent into the
treasury; and there are richer counties, which,
after defraying their own expenses, have a sur-
plus that goes into the general treasury of the
State, and which forms its whole fund; and that
fund they take up and apply everywheic; not m
reference to the contributions made—that mode
would t^e entirely useless; for you might as well
leave every man to educate his own children, and
give no public encouragement whatever to a gen-
eral system of education. It is useful in another
point of view, and perhaps more useful than even
m the moneyed consideration: it gives a dignity
to the system; it gives a dignity to education; it
is an example to parents, a standing lecture to
them to send their children to school. Such laws,
it seems to me, have operated in a very salutary
manner. I am m favor of making the appropri-
ation. The amendment has for its object to strike
it out; and I shall therefore vote against the
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to put
an interrogatory to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky; and he knows that I do it for the pur-
pose of ljeing informed, and with all respect to
him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly; I will an-
swer any question of the gentleman with pleasure.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator,
I understand, assumes that we can exercise here
.all power which the State of Maryland could have
exercised over the territory before it was ceded;
and that we may, besides, exercise all the power
conferred on the Federal Government by the Con-
stitution of the United States. Putting these two
together, he draws the conclusion that our power
over this District is absolute. Well, sir, the con-
stitution of Maryland, when she ceded the Dis-
trict to the Federal Government, provided, in the
forty-third article, "The Legislature shall not
pass any law abolishing the relation of master and
slave as it now stands in 1 ho State." Now, all
the power that is conferred on the Ftjdeial Gov-
ernment by the Constitution it can excuse here,
together with whatever the State of Maiyland
could exercise. I desire, then, to ask the honor-
able Senator whether, that hemg the piovision of
the constitution of Maryland, Congress has power
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia ? I
put this by way of illustration of the principle.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will answer the gen-
tleman with gre.it pleasure. I said that the de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United States
had been that this Government could exercise in
a Territory, not only its own proper poweis,but
that it stood m the relation of a State govern-
ment, not the State government of Maryland, not
the State government of Kentucky, or of Ten-
nessee, but that it stood to it m the general rela-
tion that a State government stands to the people
of a State. Now the gentleman is quoting the
constitution of Maryland on me, and assuming
that that is the constitution according to which
our powers arc to be exeicised m relation to this
territory. Instead of taking it m that particular
way in reference to any State, he is to take it in
general, m the general terms in which the court
decided, and which I used. We stand to a Ter-
ritory not merely in the relations established be-
tween this Government and a State, but with all
the powers that are given to us by the Federal
Constitution, and in the relation of a State be-
sides. Now the question is not what a State has
done, but what it may do. I have heard rt inti-
mated here that a State may have no constitution
at all. It has been often said in the S-.nate that
we may admit a .State without a constitution. I
express no opinion cm tha*; but we stand to a Ter-
utory in the n latum of a State, with puu, such
a constitution as we p]>>aso to ima^i no a State con-
stitution to be so thai it be in a 'publican f.nm.
It is not the ISlarj land consul mm,) or the Mary-
land laws that we are to enfm ee, but we may pass
whatever laws, under any C'm.-jtitution, a State
might pass in refeience to the people of that State.
That is my understanding.
Mi. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator
understands this question no doubt much better
than I do 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. [ do not profess to do
so, and I have really answered the geutleman to
the b^st of my ability.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I was asking
for information. If I understand the honorable
Senator's answer now, it is that Congress, while
acting for the District, occupies the same relation
to it that the Legislature of Maiyland did before
it was coded to the Federal Government.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No,sir, that is not my
position.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then that it
stands as a State Legislature does to the people
of a State. The Congress of the United States
stands in the relation of a Legislature to the Dis-
trict of Columbia, supposing the District to be a
Stat".
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Perhaps I can make
myself a little better understood by another sug-
gestion. It stands in the same relation that a State
does to the people of a State—that is the decision
and language of the court. Now, what is a State
in reference to this matter? A State is a body-
politic that has powers to make any laws it pleases
not prohibited by the Federal Constitution, and
to make any constitution it pleases, provided it
conforms to the inhibitions of the Federal Con-
stitution. Thatis our position towards the Ter-
ritories, with power to legislate as we please, to
make constitutions as we please in regard to the
Territories, as a State might change its constitu-
tion and enlarge its powers and diminish them.
Just so we may do as to a Territory, except that
we have no constitution to change. We are not
a State, but we have the powers that a State, de-
fined as I have endeavored to define it, would have.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I confess—but
I presume it is my fault—that my difficulty is not
altogether removed on the question of power. In
the first place, in making the cession of territory
by the Legislature of the State of Maryland to
the Federal Government, all that could be done
was to confer on the Federal Government the power
which the Legislature of Maryland could exercise
before the act of cession. Could the Legislature
of Maryland, in ceding the territory, confer upon
the Congress of the United States any power over
the Federal Treasury, when acting as a Legisla-
ture for the District of Columbia? That is the
question. If not, and if the Constitution of the
United States confers no power on the Congress
of the United States to appropriate the revenues
of the General Government for the purposes of
the District, it has derived the power from neither
source. Jf, however, the same absolute power is
conferred upon the Federal Government m regard
to the District that exists in a State which may
alter and abolish its constitution, that is a different
thing; but if the Federal Government does not
derive the power, by the act of cession from the
State of Maryland to this Government, over the
subject of slavery, it has no power to abolish sla-
very—no more m that case than m the other, to
appropriate money out of the Federal Treasury
for the purposes of the District of Columbia, ft
derives no power from the Constitution of the
United States, in general terms, to appropriate
money for this particular locality. The State of
Maryland, in ceding the territoiy, could confer
no power over the Federal Treasury, because that
belongs to the people of all the States. If, when
acting as a Legislature for the District of Colum-
bia, we occupy the same relation that we should
if we were a State Legislature, we have no con-
trol over the revenue of the nation for, local pur-
poses here. The Maryland act of cession did not
and could not confer any such power. If the con-
stitution of thai State said that their Legislature
should never legislate on the subject of slavery,
the Legislature being inhibited by the constitution
from legislation on the relations of master and
servant, could confer no such power upon Con-
gress. The power in one case is as clear as m the
! other.
Mr. IjROWN. I rise to ask the Senate to let
us come to a vote on this question; and if that can-
not be done, thatgentlemen will confine themselves
at least to a discussion of the bill. A great many
topics have been introduced to-day which I should
be vervglad to discuss with gentlemen, and which
at a proper tune I think it would have been very
right to discuss. I should like to have a full dis-
cussion as to what is the jurisdiction of the Gov-
ernment over this District, and I am prepared,at
a proper time, to enter into it; but here I cannot
hope to occupy the Senate longer than two hours
more for the whole business of the District, and
I have abstained and refused all day to go into
these discussions in hope that collateral issues
would not engage all our time, and that wc might
go on with the business to which the day was ded-
icated. If gentlemen have suggestions to make m
reference to this particular amendment, I shall be
glad to hear them; but I hope that Senators will
do me the personal favor, if I may make such a
! personal appeal, to abstain from discussing these
I collateial issues, seeing that the people whose in-
: terests I have specially m charge have this single
i day left, and that if this day be taken from them,
i and there cannot be more than two hours left of
it now, we shall do nothing foi them this whole ses-
sion. If we were at the beginning of the session,
and could go on from day to day discussing the
powers of the Government over this District, I
would not object; but I hope we may have a vote
as soon as possible on this bill. I refuse to reply
to gentlemen's speeches, not because I think I
cannot do it, but because I want r vote.
