2440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
by attempting to make the last Congress respons-
ible for the increase in the expenditures of the
Government. Everybody knows that the Senate
was Democratic in roe last Congress, and no party
had a majority in the House. The Republicans
certainly could not he charged with having any
control over the Senate, or of-having any influ-
ence or control over the Executive. That party,
therefore, cannot be held responsible for the ap-
propriations made in the last Congress. They
had not the power to do anything by themselves,
even in this branch of Congress, which was the
only department of the Government in which they
bad any strength, for they were in a minority here,
and only elected their Speaker by a plurality vote.
Moreover, I take it that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia voted for all the appropriations that were
passed, so it does not lie in his mouth to charge
the blame of these appropriations on the Republi-
cans. In the last Congress, the miscellaneous bill
sent by the House to the Senate, came back with
amendments amounting to about three million dol-
lars addition attached to it; and when we attempted
to curtail those large additions made by the Sen-
ate, we failed.
The gentleman only instanced one case of an
appropriation that he thought was extravagant;
and that was $75,000 for the ocean telegraph.
What else did he refer to ?
Mr. LETCHER. What did the vessels cost
that were engaged in laying down that telegraph r
Mr. GROW. You may just as well send your
vessels to aid in laying down the telegraph cable
as send them to the Mediterranean, and all over
the world, to bring persons to our shores as
guests.
Mr. LETCHER. I did not vote for that.
Mr. GROW. I presume the gentleman did
not; nor did 1 vote fur it. But your objection
was to the costof these vessels engaged in laying
down the telegraph cable. Why might you not
just as well employ them in that way as to send
them over the world to bring guests to our shores?
During this very session a vessel of war has been
sent abroad, to carry an ex-P resident and his
family on a mission of health. Why did you in-
stance that against the Republicans? You are
engaged in no war in which your Navy is em-
ployed; and what have you for it to do, in which
it can be better employed, than in a useful enter-
prise to advance the intercourse of nations? The
expense of keeping it up is no greater than for it
to be cruising around the world. Everything
which the gentleman instanced added nothing to
the expenses of the Government, fie instancd
the land grants. I voted against those grants wuh
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Llitiiuju]
but how have they swollen the expenses of tlv
Government? No money has been, or is to he,
talcen from the Treasury by any of those grants.
In every single instance refcried to by the gentle-
man from Virginia, no money was expended, or
is to be, by the Government, save m the ease of
the ocean telegraph; and that was only $75,000,
to be reimbursed to this Government in paying
for its communications with its ministers abioad.
It was but on outlay in advance for what you are
now expending money. I am reminded by a
friend near me that even the $75,000 is not to be
used until the telegraph is in operation, which is
true. So not one cent has been expended for
that.
The gentleman had an hour in which to explain
why the expenditures of the Government last year,
exclusive of the public debt, amounted to the sum
of $65,033,559 7G, when for the year ending 30th
June, 185:2, they amounted to only §40,389,054 50,
and the year ending 30th June, 1850, they amount-
ed to but $37,105,990 09, but he did not attempt
to do it.
~ • [Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN stated that the hour having
arrived at which general debate was closed upon
the bill by the order of the [louse, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Glancy Jones] was
entitled to the floor for one hour if he desired to
occupy it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not desire to
occupy it, but I wish to give notice to the commit-
tee that I shall insist on the debate being strictly
confined to the pending amendments.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
clauses, for amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am instructed by
the Committee of Ways and-Means to offer the
following amendment:
Paso 2, lines twenty-three and twenty-four, strike out
" $980,923," and insert in lieu thereof, '*380,652 6o," so
that the clause will read:
For subsistence in kind, $1,380,652 6o.
This is a large reduction in consequence of its
having been provided for in the deficiency bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
Page 2, in line twenty-six, strikeout u $983,654 99," and
inseit " $>1,062,654 99" in the following paiagraph of the
bill:
u For clothing for the Army, camp, and garrison equip-
age, $983,654 99."
This is an increase of $79,000 for clothing for
the Aimy; the estimates for which did not come
in soon enough to have them inserted in the bill.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I did not wish
to disturb the Committee of Ways and Means in
the amendments they had to offer; but I wish to
offer an amendment in line twelve.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have passed
that point, and they can return to it only by unan-
imous consent.
No objection being made, Mr. Taylor, of New
York, offered the following amendment:
In line twelve insert the following*
Ptovi.lrd, That no Aimy officer shall be detailed on civil
duly except wheie piovuled by law.
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. MORRILL. I move to reduce the ap- |
propriation $100,000 for the purpose of calling I
the attention of the gentleman from Virginia to j
a law of the Territorial Legislature of Utah rec- I
ognizing indirectly the practice of polygamy, or j
at least placing the whole matter in the legal con- :
trol and power of the priesthood.
Now, sir, I have before me the organic act of
the Territory of Utah, which provides that all laws
which have passed both Houses of the Legisla-
ture of the Tei ntory shall be submitted to ike Con-
gress of the United States; and if disapproved, shall
be null and void. ;
This is the law to which I referred, and of'
which the gentleman from Virginia seems to have
no knowledge. The law of theTenitonal Le-
gislature of Utah will be found on page 103 of
j their laws. The fust sections of the act lncor-
! porate the Church of Latter Day Saints, includ-
I mi; all those of the Mormon faith; section three
j places the whole subject, whether regarded as
' marriage or other ceremony—whether" temporal
| expansion or spiritual increase "—in the hands
: of the church, and not to bo otherwise legally
meddled with. The section is as follows:
u Sre. a. */?>),/ be it fm tker ordm ncd, That as '•aid church
; hold-- tin* coiMituuou.il and original right, m common with
' all eiv.l and ichgiou* communities kto worship God ae-
; cnnliiiji to the dictates of conscience to reverence coin-
| muuicii agreeably lotho punciplcaof tmth, and to ^olPin-
m/.e mani.ige compatible with the i.?velations of Tc-u-.
j Cluu-f, tor the sceinity and full enjoyment of all blessings
! and puvilej <>s embodied m the religion of Jesus Chn-'t, iree
i to all; it in also declared, that said churt h docs, and shall
I posses and enjoy continually, the power and authority, m
i and oi itself, lo originate, make, pass and establish mles,
J regulations, ordinances, huvs, customs, and fractions, for
j the good ordei, safety, government, convenience, comfoit,
i and contiol of s.nd chinch, and foi the punishment or for-
i gtveness ot all offenses leUuive to fellowship, aceoiding to
, chart') covenants ; that the puisuit of bliss and the enjoy-
j ment of hie, m every capacity of public association and
| domestic happiness, tempoial expansion, or spiritual increase
l upon the earth, may not legally be questioned: Provided, hoxo-
| cter. That each and every act, or practice, so established,
| or adopted, for law or custom, shall relate to solemnities,
' sacraments, ceremonies, consecrations, endowments, tith-
, nig-*, mm ria*es, fellowship, or the religious duties of man
to his MaUei; inasmuch as the doctunes, puneiples, prac-
tices, oi performances, support vntue, and increase mo-
rality, and aie not inconsistent with, or repugnant to, the
Constitution of the United State*", or ot this State, and are
founded m the revelations of the JLoid."
Mr. Q,IJ ITMAN. I rise to a question of order.
( I submit that this is not pertinent to the amend-
i; ment which the gentleman has offered.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
| question of order.
i Mr. MORRILL. I have said all I desired to
! say, and will withdraw the amendment.
I Mr. DAVIDSON. I move the following amend-
| ment, to come in in line cighty-fiv:
| For lepam of barracks at Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the
; suci of £0^.030, to bo expended under the direction of the
I Secretaiy of War.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The amendment
offered by the gentleman ftom Louisiana is liable
to this objection: the paragraph of this bill from
line seventy-eight to hoe eighty-five, makes pro-
visions for barracks, including the same one for
which the gentleman proposes to appropriate spe-
cially.
Mr. DAVIDSON. The amendment X have
offered was prepared by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher,] and I will refer the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to him for such expla-
nation as he desires to have.
Mr. LETCHER. I will make a statement:
At an early part of this session the papers con-
nected with this matter were referred by the House
to the Committee of Ways and Moans, and they
fell into my hands When they came there I ap-
plied at the War Department for the purpose of
obtaining information in regard to them. The
estimates, it seemed to me, were large, and I
had not been informed, up to that time, that they
had procured iron joists and other iron improve-
ments suggested in the bill of particulars. The
Departmenttold me that the repairs could be made,
and the property preserved for the sum in the
amendment. If gentlemen had time to read the
papers in the case, they would be satisfied that
the repairs are indispensably necessary if the
property is not to go to absolute decay.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. What is the amount
asked for?
Mr. LETCHER. The amendment provides
for $'25,000. Forty-one thousand nine hundred
and sixty-six dollars was the amount of the esti-
mate, but that included non beams, joists, and
other iron work; but the Government thought
that they were not necessary, and that the repairs
could be made with wood sufficient for the purpose
of preserving the building.
Air. J. GLANCY JONES. The appropriation
was reduced from $41,955 to $25,000.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Yes, sir; and 1 have agreed
to it.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was a^i eed to.
Mr.1 J. GLANCY JONES. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment, to come m after the
clause for ordnance and ordnance stores:
For the purchase of gunpowder foi the land scivice
$100,000.
This is rendered necessary by the improve-
ments which have been made in ordnance. The
gunpowder on hand has failed to answer the pur-
pose, and for the effective use of the present ord-
nance it i.s deemed proper that this provision
should be made. /
The question was taflcen; and the amendment
was agreed to. /
Mr. Q,TJ}TMA£fyT offer the following amend-
ment:
Foi the alteration of old arms so as to make them breech-
loaJing gum, in accordance with the recommendation of
the Sccietaiy of War, ."?iOO,CO0.
I offer that amendment m good faith. We have
on hand a vast quantity of old muskets. Since
their construction great and important changes
and improvements have been made, and they
would not now, in their present condition, be
placed, in case of war, in the hands of our sol-
diers. They have, at present, a value in market
not exceeding three dollars each. Probably they
could not be sold for that. They are useless now,
but they can be made of good service by the ap-
plication to them of the breech-loading principle,
and other like inventions. It seems, from exper-
iments that have been made, that that change can
be effected at a cost of $3 50. They will then be
worth twenty dollars each, which is the price the
Government pays for that arm.
Mr. MORGAN. Are the changes to be made
at the armories?
Mr. QUITMAN. Yes, sir. The superintend-
ent has made a great many experiments on the
subject, and the Secretary of War has written a
letter to the committee, which I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the letter is read, I
will ask the gentleman a question. I ask it in a
spirit which will beappreciafed, I know. The bill,
I understand, proposes to appropriate $400,000
for the manufacture of arms at the national armo-
ries. Thisproposition proposes to increase that
by $100,#00. Why is it necessary to make this
