WQ
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
day of February, already assigned to the Senator
from California.
Mr. CLAY. Then I would say this day two
weeks.
, M.r, BENJAMIN. If the Pacific railroad bill
tie-taken up on the first Monday of February, a
special order for the next succeeding day will be
of very little value. The Pacific railroad bill will
certainly consume more than a single day.
Mr. CLAY. It is suggested that it had better
remain in that position, and be the next special
order according to the rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama moves that the report be printed, and
that the bill be made the special order for this day
two' weeks, at one o'clock. The Senator from
New Hampshire, by unanimous consent, offeis
an amendment,and moves that it be printed with
the bill. The Secretary will read the amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That all laws establishing a
Naval School at Annapolis, and a Military School at West
1'oint, be, and the same arc hereby, repealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
printing the report and amendment, and making
the bill the special order for this day two weeks,
at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 66)
to amend an act, entitle'd "An act to continue half
pay to certain widows and orphans," approved
February3, 1853; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 10) directing the Secretary of the Interior
to pay certain pension claims therein specified;
which was icad twice by its title, and referred to
the.Committee on the Judiciary; Mr. Foot stat-
ing that it involved some legal question on which
a diversity of opinion luvd been expressed.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 11) relating to public printing;
whiph was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Printing.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved* That the. President be requested, if not incom-
patibje with the public interot, to communicate to the Sen-
ate any inlormauon in Jus possession deuved fiom the offi-
cers connected with the American squadron on the coast
of Africa, orlrom the Iintish Government, or the French
Government, or other official sources, concerning the con-
dition of the All loan slave trade, and concerning the move-
ment* of the Fiench Government to establish a colonization
in the possesions of that Government from the coast of
Attica.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEMS.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following; reso-
lution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, 'Dial the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making such
change and modifications of the act entitled "An art to
legulatc the diplomatic and consular systems,55 appioved
August 18, 1856, as may be necessary for the better protec-
tion and regulation ot our growing and expanding commerce
and intercourse with foreign nations.
GOVERNMENT PRINTING.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to make an inquiry I
pf the Secretary. In March last, I had the honor '
of offering a resolution, which was adopted by
the Senate, calling on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to send to this body a statement of the cost
of the congressional and departmental printing
for the preceding ten years. Neaily a year has
elapsed since that resolution was offered, and I
am anxious to know whether it was ever sent to
the Treasury Department. If it has not been sent,
I hope it will be. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will |
cause the inquiry to be made. I
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD. j
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The next business ;
ip Order is the joint resolution (S. No. 6) to ex- '
tend to the naval retiring board an opportunity ;
of enjoying the same advantages of officers who 1
have been dropped, fuiloughed, and retired by,
said board* j
The joint resolution was read a second time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that it He on the
table until called up.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES BEATTY.
The bill (S. No. 57) for the relief of James
Beatty's personal representative, was read the
second time,and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to James Beatty's per-
sonal representative £1,087 41, in full for duties
illegally exacted of him in his lifetime, on crude
saltpeter (under the name of partially refined
saltpeter) imported by him into the port of Bal-
timore, in January, 1845.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Claims as to the
character of this bill. Is this one of the bills for
refunding duties which were paid without protest?
Mr. IVERSON. It is not one of that class of
claims. The liquor cases, to which I presume the
Senator alludes, are a different class altogether.
If the Senator will read the decision of the Court
of Claims he will be informed of the merits of the
case. „
Mr. PUGH. I was under the impression that
this bill was before the Senate at the last session,
and was one of a large class of cases decided by
the Court of Claims, where I thought the decisions
palpably erroneous. If so, I could not permit the
bill to pass without objection; but ifit be not one
of that class I have nothing to say.
Mr. IVERSON. There was no protest actually
filed in the case; but the Court of Claims, as well
as the Committee on Claims, considered the cir-
cumstances as exempting the party from making
protest.
_ Mr. STUART. I should like to hear the de-
cision of the Court of Claims m this case, in order
to know the grounds on which the bill is based.
The Secretary read as follows:
James Beatty's Executor vs. the United States.
Scarborough J., delivcied the opinion of the court.
it is conceded by the solicitor, and the corn t find, that the
allegations of the petition tiled in this case are established
by the evidence. It is also conceded by the solicitor that
the money now sought to be reclaimed having been paid
under a mistake ot'Jact, the importer being undei the mid-
taken impression, at the time of the payment, that the salt-
peter on which the duty was paid was "patually refined
siiltpcteiwhen in fact it was *'ciude saltpeter," theie
being no such thing known ju commeiee as "partially 10-
fim-d saltpeter," the petitioner is entitled to ichef. In the
opinion heietoloie delivered by this court, we came to the
conclusion that, if the allegations of the petition should be
sustained by the evidence, the petitioners right to lehef
would be unquestionable. They are fully sustained; and
wo shall report to Congress a bill in favor of the petitioner
for $1,087 41.
The reasons for this opinion will be found m the opinion
heretofore deliveied by this court in this case, in the opinion
of this court in the case of Henry and Frederick VV. Meyer
vs. the United Skates, and in the opinions tbeieto appended
Beatty's Executor vs. the United States.
Judge Bi.ackm)iid's dissenting opinion.
Suit for over paid duties.
/ dissent from the final judgment rendered in this case by
a majority o! the eotirtiu favor of the claimant-
The ground of my dissent is, tluit the duties i-ued for weie
paid without any objection, cither wntten or vcibal. The
payment wan therefore voluntaiy, and cannot be iccovered
back. That doetune is settled by the common law, and by
the act of Congress of 1843. Indeed, the act ot Congiess
requiu's. a written protest, btatnigdu-u nelly and specifically
the grounds ot objection to the payment. (5 Statutes at
Laige, 7*27; bee Mainott rs. tirunc, 9 Howard, 610,636;
Lawrence vs. Caswell, 13 Howaid, 488, 496.)
The reasons of my dissent are given at length in the opin-
ion heretofoie delivered by me in this case, on the question
as to the validity of the petition; which opinion is hereto
appended, and made part of this opinion.
The dissenting opinions heretofore delivered bv me in the
cases of Stuigexs, .Bennett & Co. vs. the United States,
Spence and Keid vs. the United States, and Wood vs. the
United States, aic also hereto appended, as. a part of this
opinion.
Mr. PUGH. I do not think it is necessary to
read the opinions referred to in the decision. I
am satisfied.
Mr. IVERSON. I can state very briefly the !
character of this case and the distinction between j
it and the claims to which the Senator from Ohio j
has alluded. The Committee oil Claims have had l
under consideration bills from the Court of Claims j
granting relief to Meyer and other claimants, who j
paid excessive duties, as they allege, on certain '
importations of spirituous liquors into this coun- i
try, having filed no protest at tile time. They j
were adjudged by the court to be entitled to relief.
The committee, however, have decided against
them, and a report is now in the course of prep-
aration adverse to the decision of the Court of
Claims. This case is different from those. Hue
excessive duty was not charged at the time upon
the article, but the collector of the customs charged
duties erroneously, improperly, on an article
which did not in fact exist. The importer paid the
duty, of course ignorant but that such was the
law, ignorant but that such an article was known
in commercial language as " partially refined salt-
peter," when in truth and fact, according to com-
mercial language and law, there was nothing but
" crude saltpeter." If the duty had been imposed
on crude saltpeter, and he had paid more than the
law required him to pay without entering a pro*
test, he would not be entitled to relief; but in tht3
case, the collector imposed a duty on an article
which really did not exist. He imposed a duty
upon partially refined saltpeter, and there was no
such thing as partially refined saltpeter. The law
did not provide for a duty on such an article, but
the importer was ignorant of the fact, as the com-
mittee believed from the circumstances stated in
his memorial and the testimony, and therefore, we
think it just and proper, as the Court of Claims did,
to refund this money thus improperly collected;
that is to say, to refund the difference between the
amount which would have been due on crude salt-
peter and the duty which the collector imposed
on partially refined saltpeter. That is the whole
case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make no objection to this
bill; but I desire to enter just here a pro test against
one suggestion that fell from the Senator from
Georgia. 1 am very sorry to hear from that Sen-
ator that the Committee on Claims have it in con-
templation to report against the refunding of du-
ties overpaid by merchan ts, because of the absence
of a technical protest. I hope that that subject,
before the close of the week, will be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. IVERSON. That is not the decision of
the Committee on Claims. I said they determ-
ined to report against the claims of Meyer, and
others, importers of liquors, not particularly on
the ground of no protest having been filed, but on
other grounds, stated in the report. The Senator
from Hhode Island [Mr. Simmons] has it under
consideration, and will report the facts.
Mr. SIMMONS. The committee do not re-
port against the allowance, for want of a protest,
but right the other way. If the claim was just,
they would make the allowance notwithstanding
the lack of a protest. I merely wish to correct
one unintentional error into which the Senator
from Georgia fell, if I read the facts aright. This
was a duty levied upon partially refined saltpeter,
and there is no such thing known in commerce
as partially refined saltpeter. It is either crude
or refined. The duty was paid by mistake both
on the part of the collector and the merchant.
AVhen it was found out, the petitioner was too
late to protest. He thought the duty was payable
on it; but he afterwardsascertained that there was
no such thing as partially refined saltpeter, and
that the imposition of the duty was a sheer mis-
take.
Mr. PUGH. I shall not object to the passage
of this bill on the special grounds stated by the
Senator from Georgia and the Senator from Rhode
Island; but the court has evidently not decided
it on those principles. The court has taken the
broad ground that wherever an importer after-
wards discovers a mistake of law or of fact, he
can come, at any indefinite future period, and re-
call the money, which is contrary to the law, as
1 understand it, on the subject of voluntary pay-
ments. If this bill stands on the special grounds
which have been stated, I make no further objec-
tion; but I do object to the cases of Meyer and
other parties, which I had occasion to examine
at the last session.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to pursue
this discussion now; this is not the proper occa-
sion; but I will say that I believe the whole of the
public law on that ground stands on an improper
footing. I think it is beneath the dignity of the
Government, as it is beneath the character of an
honest man, to retain a person's money overpaid,
because his protest against the payment does not
happen to be made in due form, or because, at
the time of the payment, he was ignorant of the
fact that he was overpaying a claim made against
him. However, this is not the proper occasion
to enter into the discussion; but i desire, to save
my right on that point, to enter a dissent to the
view of the Senator from Ohio,
