1853.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
33th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
the purpose of calling his attention to a point
which I thought very pertinent; bat he did not
see it,and m consequence ofthat I choose to make
a few remarks in explanation of it. I agree with
him from the beginning to the end of his remarks,
and my design in the question I put, to some ex-
tent, was to answer the position assumed by the
chairman of the District Committee, that we own
a large Capitol, a Department of the Interior, a
Treasury building, a President's house; and that
these cannot be taxed. Why, sir, it has been de-
cided by the Supreme Court fchat every means to
execute a constitutional end is beyond the taxing
power of a State. A branch Bank of the United
States, in Ohio, was sought to be taxed by the
State of Ohio; but, under the revenue power to
collect, hold, and disburse the revenue, it was held
by the Supieme Court that the State of Ohio could
not tax it, boeause it was a means to execute a
constitutional end. So of Fortress Monroe, in the
State of Virginia, and of Fort Columbus, in the
State of New York; so of all property held bv the
United States, to accomplish a constitutional end
in any State—it is beyond the taxing power of the
State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator whether that decision went any fuither than
to thatpoi tion of the Territory where jurisdiction
had been cedcd ?
Mr. GElEENf, Yes, sir; expressly beyond it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
where that case is.
Mr. GIIEEN. I will answer. In the case of
Ohio there was no concession of jurisdiction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was about to suggest
to the Senator 
Mr. GIIEEN. I do not cure about being in-
terrupted, for I want to make only a very few
remarks. My object was to show that no appli-
cation had ever been made upon the part of any
State for a portion of the revenue to support a
common school, because the Inderal Government
owned a fort, or ships-of-war lying at anchor, or
any other public property in the State to accom-
plish a constitutional end of the Federal Govern-
ment. In the District of Columbia, although we
own this magnificent Capitol and other public
property, we hold itasa means to exccute a oon-
sututionalend ofthe Government;andif inaState
it would be beyond the taxing power of the Srate;
in the Distiict of Columbia it ought, by parity of
reasoning, to be beyond the taxing power of the
District of Columbia. It was to that point that
I desired to call the attention of the.Senator from
Georgia. I shall go into no argument on this sub-
ject. It has been sufficiently discussed. I desired
only to present this single point, that theie is no
case of huidship on the part of the District, bo-
cause they cannot tax the Capitol and public
grounds. The same thing applies to all the States,
and yet every State must support its own public
schools; every State must tax its own citizens,
without power to tax Federal property within its
limits. Take the case of the State of Missouri,
where there are immense quantities of public
landsoutof which you derive a revenue. We can-
not tax them a single cent in that State, yet we
support our common schools, and that pubhc do-
mum lyin^ there untaxed is as great a hardship
to us as the pubhc property here lying untaxed
is to the Distiict of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN. I do hope we shall have a vote.
I have almost felt martyred to-day. I ha\e for-
borne to reply to gentlemen when I thought sat-
isfactory arguments lay at the veiy end of my
tongue, because I wanted to get along with this
bill. We have important bills behind this, very
important to the District, which I am exceedingly
anxious to have taken up to-day. If gentlemen
must speak, I hope they will make their remarks
as short as possible, so that we may gut a vote.
It is now a quarter past throe o 'clock, and we can-
not expect the Senate to sit more than, an hour
and a half longer. If the question of jurisdiction
is to be discussed, I hope the Senate will postpone
it to some other occasion—take it up on one of
the appropriation bills of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. lie will have some item in an appropria-
tion bill on which we can go over this whole mat-
ter, and as he has a sort of monopoly here, let us
discuss the question of jurisdiction on that. I
would lather lose the bill, though I appreciate it
more highly than any other District bill I have
before the Senate, than have the whole day lost,
for I know I shall never get another day if this
be wasted. I will not make an argument because
I want to vote.
Mr. IVERSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the Senator from Tennessee.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to say that I have
paired off with the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] at his request.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Fitzpatriek,Gieon,Harlan,Hun-
ter, lverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Folk, Pngli,
Kiee, Sebastian, and Glutei!—13.'
IV \YS—MesMs Alien. Dialer. Bright, Biodenek, Brown,
Chandler, Chnmnan, Colianiei, Crittenden, Dixon, Dooht-
tle. Dtnkee, Ke^senden, Foot, Ko-ter. Houston. Kennedy.
MuJloiy, Shield-*. Simmon*, Thom-on of New Jer-
sey, Tiumbull, Wade, Vvil>on. and Wnght—at}.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made, as in Committee of the
Whole, was concurred in. The bill was ordeted
to be engrossed for a third reading, and it was
read the third time. On its passage Mr. Johnson,
of Tennessee, called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 26, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Mfsms. Allen. Hitler, Bnjjht. ttioderirk, Brown,
Chandler, Chngman, Cojlanici, Cuttenden, Dixon, Dooht
tic. Dm kr-e. I'V-N&enden, Foot, Fo-ter, Houston. Kennedv,
iMtiMorv. Shield-. Simmon-. Suum, Thomson of IVew Jer-
sov, Timnlmil. Wade, \Vd-on. and Wnyht—'20.
NAVrf—Davi Fu/.patiirk, Gummi, IJailan, Hun- |
lor, I v i ■ i - Oil, Johnson of Tenue^ee, Jones, Polk. I'uyn, j
Kiee, Sebastian, and Hhdeli—13. I
So the bill was passed. i
FIFTEKXT MILLION LOAN'.
DEBATE IN" THE SENATE, ,
Monday, May 24, 1858. j
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, |
proceeded to the consideration of the bill (S. No. '
396) to authorize a loan not exceeding the sum !
of $15,000,000. ;
It authorizes the President of the United States, !
at any time within twelve months, to boi row, on '
the credit of the United States, a sum nut exceed- j
ing $15,000,000, or so much thereof as, in ins j
opinion, the exigencies of the public service; may :
require; to be applied to the payment of appio- j
pnations made by law, in addition to the money i
received into the Treasury from other some,eg. |
No stipulation or contract is to bo made to pic- :
vent the United States from reimbursing any sum 1
thus borrowed at any time after the expiration of I
fifteen years, from the 1st of January next. Stock
is to be issued for the amount borrowed, bearing j
interest not exceeding six per cent., payable semi- ■
annually; and the ceitilicates of stock the Presi- ,
dent is to be authorized to make transferable ou j
the books of the Tieasury, under legulutions to i
be ptescribed. It is provided that no certificate I
shall be issued for a less sum than £100, and '
whenever the Secretary of the Treasury may j
cau-^e coupons of semi-annual interest to be at- |
tached, such certificate may be assigned and trans- j
ferred by delivery, instead of on the books of the
Treasury. The bill furtherprovides, that the mode '
of giving publicity to those desirous of making i
proposals for the loan, prescribes the manner in
which the proposals shall be disposed of, and
makes it the duty of the Secretary of the Treus- '
ury to make report thereof to Congress at the next >
session. No stock is to be issued at l«'ss than its
par value, and the faith of the United States is
pledged for the payment of the interest and the 1
redemption of the principal. Additional clerks :
are provided to discharge the duties which the
new loan will create in the Treasury Department; j
and to defray the expenses of engraving and print- |
mg certificates of stock and oilier expenses inci-
dent to the execution of the act, $20,000 is appro-
priated.
Mr. HUNTER. If this bill should pa^s, we j
shall have added, during the session, $35,000,000 j
to the public debt of the country, and it seems to |
me that it is, perhaps, proper that I should gLvc i
the reason why we ask for this loan, and how it
is that we expect hereafter to get along with the
existing sources of public revenue.
At the commencement of this session, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in his annual report, es-
timated that our expenditures for the present year
would be between seventy-four and seventy-five
million dollars. At the same time, he estimated
that the receipts from customs would amount to
$51,573,729, and he asked for $20,000,000, to be
borrowed on Treasury notes, in order to meet
the deficiency. Since that time, there has been
supplied, by the deficiency bill, an amount of
$10,000,000, making the appropriations, for the
entire service of the present year, more than
eighty-four million dollars. We thus find that
the ability of the Treasury to meet the probable
demands upon it will be some twenty million dol-
lars less than was supposed by the Secretary of
the Treasury when he presented his annual re-
port. He now asks for a loan of $15,000,000, in
order to meet the demands to be made upon the
Treasury, and it is thought that, with such a loan,
he will be able to carry on the Government until
Congress meets again, and, then, if there be no
revival of trade, he will present such measures as
may be necessary, in order to provide for the fis-
cal necessities of the country. If there should
be a revival in trade, and customs should come in
to a large amount, it may be unnecessary to pre-
sent any fuither demand.
Hut he basis his estimate upon the fact that the
diilerent Departments have repot ted to him upon
call, ihat they will want, until the commencement
of next session, some thirty-seven million dol-
lars, in order to meet the demands upon them.
Thf expenditures for that time will not exceed
$1)7,000.000. To meet those $37,000,000, he es-
timates that he will have $25,000,000 in the two
first quarters—$5,000,000 from pubhc.lands, and
$20,000,000 from customs, during those two quar-
ters. If to that we add the $15,000,000 of pro-
posed loan, we shall have $40,000,000 of means
with whuh to meet this probable demand of
$37,000,000.
It seems to me, however, that in presenting this
proposition, we ought to look a little further and
see what will be the probable demands of the
Tieasury and the means of supply, not only for
the present fiscal year, but for the next; that we
may judge how far we can rely upon the existing
sources of revenue in order to meet them. It is
my intention to do this very briefly. For that
put pose I have tin own into tabular form the prob-
able receipts and expenditures for the present and
next fiscal yc ar.
The estimate made of expenditures by the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury, when he sent m his an-
nual report, was $74,903,000. Since then we have
passed the deficiency bill, amounting, in round
numbers, to $10,000,000; making the estimated
expenditure for the present year $84,963,000. To
meet that expenditure he had, at the commence-
ment of the piesent fiscal year, a balance on hand
of $11,710,j 14. The customs were estimated at
$10,000,000. It is probable they may exceed this
a little; but, for safely, the amount is put at
$40,000,000. The lauds are now estimated at
$7,000,000.' Then from miscellaneous sources
we have $1,046,641. Add to that £,20,000,000 in
Tieasury notes, and we have for the enuie means
ofthe present li seal year ^35,750,755. Deduct from
that ^>4,903,000, the appropriations for the service
of this fiscal year, and we have a balance for the
next fiscal year on hand of ^793,697. Here it may
suggest itself to some that this is not mono v tnough
on hand to allow the Secretary to work the ma-
chinery ofthe T reasury Department. That would
be true, if the entire appropriations would be ex-
pended in the present fiscal year; but there will
be a considerable amount of them thai will not be
used until the next year. However, I throw the
appropriations of the present fiscal year and the
receipts of the present fiscal yeai togethei, foi the
convenience of calculation, m ordtr to estimate
what will be the entire demand and entire supply
*• Note.—Then* a mirtake in this cxtract of the pro-
ceeds liom public land-ot tieailj two nuihon doiUis: but,
on the ruhei hand, th^ie is lealh an underestimate of' me
revenue liotn mwellaneou- souiee^ and cu-ioms , tn.it
the estimate of the w hole means will, it is most likely, net
much exceed the actual receipts.
