M2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
was not to be expected'they would yield any very
cheerful assistance to promote their views, and
advance their popularity; but would confine them-
selves strictly to matters of duty to the public
service.
Ill this condition of affairs I found General
Rusk, chairman of the Post Office Committee of
the Senate, technically called " the Committee on'
the Post Office and Post Roads." It was the first
of my personal acquaintance with him. In our of-
ficial intercourse I presented to him, frankly and
fully, all my objects, purposes, and designs for
the improvement andefficiency of the Department,
and took consultation with him as to all legisla-
tive action to effect it. This was by him as frankly
reciprocated, and all necessary aid and service in
this body, to effect these purposes, was, by him,
at all times, most cheerfully, and generally suc-
cessfully, accorded. No hesitation or neglect, for
sinister or party effect, was by him ever mani-
fested. By this he became entitled not only to
my confidence and respect, but to my admiration,
and even my personal gratitude, which I regard
it as my high privilege here to acknowledge, as
due to his memory.
During the two sessions of the last Congress I
served with and under him on that same commit-
tee, and witnessed his services there and in this
body, presenting at all times the same traits in
his character. As seen by me, he was a man
of great clearness of apprehension, soundness of
practical judgment, and inflexible integrity of pur-
pose. Untrained and unspoiled in scholastic re-
finements, he was never the dupe of the sophistry
of himself or others. Unskilled in devices and
expedients, he presented his objects and his prop-
ositions here with the frankness and clearness
with which he entertained them, in honest Saxon
words, despising all attempts at display and all
meritricious ornament. His arguments, like his
propositions, the result of an unsophisticated per-
ception, were direct and undisguised, avoiding
alike all insinuation and all the crooked paths of
oblique approach and disguised indirection. By
this he secured not only the confidence he de-
sired, but the admiration which he never sought.
It was voluntarily accorded as due to an able and
an honest man.
He was the true type of the American states-
man, as contradistinguished from the public man
of Europe; less remaikable for extensive learn-
ing and clerkly accomplishments, but more for the
utilitarian powers of practical judgment and in-
flexible integrity and resolution.
Less I could not say, in justice to my own feel-
ings of obligation, though much more 1 might say
in justice to his worth, as a tribute to the memory
of General Rusk.
Mr.GWIN. Mr. President, it is twenty-three
years since I first met General Rusk, on the bor-
ders of Texas. He was full of hope, and of en-
terprise, and in the vigor of manhood. I shall
never forget the impression he then made upon
my mind. He seemed to me like one who was
starting upon some great career, and destined to
win the highest honors. I was struck with the
simplicity and sincerity of his manners, the kind-
ness of his social spirit, and that general tone of
character which exhibited virtue, wisdom, and
courage, in their mildest, most natural, and least
repellant forms. To mo, sir, that period is full
of interesting reminiscences, which awaken my
heart, as well as my memory; and I cannot per-
mit this melancholy occasion to pass without ex-
pressing my deep regret for the loss of a friend so
true, and a statesman so eminently wise and just.
Our intimacy began with our first interview, and
lasted until the close of his life. I feel his death
more than I can express in words, and I am sure
that the nation feels it profoundly. It is deeply
impressed upon the hearts and memories of all
who knew him—of all who had reason to seek
his counsel—of the injured who had need to ap-
ply for redress, to the unerring precision of his
justice, and, upon none more sincerely than the
members of this body who have long borne with
him the cares of State. Sir, it may be said of him
that his good deeds, his noble virtues, his unsur-
passed judgmeut, and far-seeing sagacity in pub-
lic affairs, were indelibly impressed in illuminated
characters throughout the political pathway of his
Me. 1 o speak of him as he truly was, is almost
to excite suspicion in the stranger that this por-
trait is sketched by too partial a hand; but, sir, it
isnotso; whether we speak of him as apublicman
or a private citizen, the least we can say is, that
it will be long before we look upon his like again.
He was a very rare character, and possessed in
an eminent degree exceedingly rare qualities.
It was not merely that he was wise in counsel
and great in action; but political difficulties ever
animated him, and public calamities did not un-
nerve him; and he stood ever ready to act, never
being in the way where he ought not to be, nor
out of the way when needed, at all times and in
all things. It was the combination of those dis-
tinguished qualities that attracted towards him
men of merit and high excellence, of whatever
political cast or opinion,and which no less equally
inclined him to esteem and respect many of his
opponents. Not to speak of the living, it will be
remembered by some—and it must be a pleasant
reminiscence to every liberal-minded statesman—
that the most friendly relations, and the kindest
intercourse, existed, for many years prior to his
death, between him and the great Webster. It
was rarely they ever opposed each other, except
in measures of the strictest party character, where
they separated upon a difference of opinion as to
great principles. That, sir, was as it should be
between enlightened statesmen. They were men
eminently fitted to keep this great Union together,
and to stand forth, in this respect, as an example
to the living and to posterity.
General Rusk was truly a statesman in the high-
est sense of the term. He had neither a single
sectional line m his heart, nor one solitary, sinis-
ter, nor cross purpose m his mmd; and 1 deeply
deplore that he is not this day in our midst, in the
full fruition of all his experience and all his pow-
ers, for he was truly a man not only to bo admired
and beloved, but to be followed in council. He
was never disturbed by the lust of power. Its
grandeur bad no seductive charms for him. He
more nearly resembled the great patriot, John
Hampden, of England, than any public man who
has lived since that time. He had all his virtues
and all his talents. They were alike in their habits
of mmd, of action, and of debate. They were
cautious, but energetic; moderate, but decisive;
and never lost an inch of ground once gained.
Their power wasal ways progressive. They never
surrendered, and in a filial struggle were sure to
be irresistible. Neitherof them was given to long,
set speeches. They listened patiently to others,
and watched with careful precision the direction
and force of the discussion. Both were equally
ready, and when they did speak, they saw intui-
tively the pivot upon which the question turned,
and dealt with that, and nothing else. They never
started except from a vantage ground, because
they made it a point to understand the whole sub-
ject under consideration, and, that which is of
equal importance, the true temper of the Houses
they addressed. The manners of both were kind
and courteous. They were neither of them ab-
ject to the highest man who held position above
them, nor did they manifest the slightest arro-
gance towards those beneath them. The per-
sonal influence of each was great, and their moral
power still greater. Their common sense and in-
domitable perseverance were unsurpassed, and
they were equally fitted for the Senate, or the Cab-
inet; for war, or peace; for revolution, or the hap-
pier destinies of a quiet, safe, and orderly Govern-
ment. They were both heroes and wise statesmen;
alike consummate actors, and skillful and practical
reasoncrs. Hampden excelled in a classical edu-
cation, and passed at the full meridian of age into
the first British conflict with the house of Stuart.
Our lamented Senator was taught earlier in life, in
the more vivid school of a fiercer revolution, which
created a nation and constructed a new Govern-
ment, where the mind being tasked to greater in-
vention for practical experiments to be adapted to
a mixed and untried people, might learn more and
treasure more. The one studied Homer with
superior advantages, and was for the last years
of his life a great actor himself; but the other,
from the first, even in his political rudiments, was
like one of Homer's heroes in the full tide of suc-
cessful advancement. He who reads the classical
historian may doubtless learn much, and would
have before him the faint pictorial of the deeds of
others, traced by the pen of a lucid writer, but,
if an actor himself in like great events, he would
be part of them and see the living picture itself,
and become more profoundly instructed in the
actions and the characters of men. With that
difference in the means for the early mental de-
velopment of these two distinguished statesmen,
it is probable that the schooling of our great
American Senator was the more profound, in-
structive, and practical, and that this far more
than counterbalanced the earlier advantages of
his remarkable and patriotic prototype.
At any rate, in distantcountries, and at remote
periods in history, these two statesmen have pre-
sented a similitude of character equally curious,
striking, and attractive. They both passed from
life at an early period. The revolutionary ser-
vices of the patriotic Briton were the last of his
history; but the wars of the American Senator
began with his entrance into public life, and it
was amidst such trying scenes that he first re-
ceived in his early manhood the lessons of State.
He was already a hero and a statesman before he
was introduced to the acquaintance of his coun-
trymen in this Chamber. He had passed through
the revolution of Texas with distinguished and
unblemished honor. Indeed, throughout all his
campaigns, triumphs attended him wherever the
Lone Star of his country guided. When in the
Cabinet his wisdom was her shield and her
strength. To crown the full measure of his glory
in that infant Republic, his skillful and equal
hand, as the chief justice of her highest court,
fashioned and gave practical direction to her new
jurisprudence.
Thus, sir, he came before us, although a young
man, a practical statesman,full of all'the honors
which men delight to win and wear, and which
history records in her brightest pages as the chief
distinction and glory of our race.
How he grew in his proportions here we have
all witnessed. What he would have been had he
lived no man can tell; but the hearts of his coun-
trymen will attest, that they have lost one of their
greatest and most valued statesmen; one whom
they had hoped to place in a higher and more re-
sponsible position.
What Junius has said of Lord Chatham will
apply to him:
" Recorded honors shall gather around his monumentand
thicken over him. Ii is a solid fabric, and will support the
laurels that adorn it."
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, in funeral cere-
monies it is not any of those who were the com-
panions at the hearthstone of the dead, but some
one who sustained only public relations to him
that is expected to pronounce the customary pan-
egyric. On this ground, I should claim the priv-
ilege of being silent on this occasion if! thought
that my connection with the late Mr. Rusk was
rightly understood. It is true that I was not his
kinsman, nor his neighbor, noreven his political
associate. I was, nevertheless, attached to him
by bonds strong as the charity that consecrates
even those relations. But they were peculiar
bonds. I was his captive, an adversary over-
powered, overcome, and conquered by his gener-
osity in my first encounter with him here in this
field of sectional strife, released on parol, a pris-
oner at large, but devoted to him by gratitude for
the period of my whole life. In that character I
follow the hearse which is bearing him away from
our sight. Since I must speak, nature shall have
its way, and my utterances, proceeding not from
study but from feeling, shall tell less of his great
woith than of my own great loss.
All the world knows that Thomas J. Rusk was
brave and heroic, and yet prudent and patient in
the camp and in the field. These were the vir-
tues which distinguished him here, and they
were chiefly the means of his success in the Sen-
ate. He knew no fear of opposition, raised by
either prejudice or passion. He undertook noth-
ing without first balancing all the chances of
success, and gathering in and combining all the
available agencies necessary to secure it; and he
maintained perfect equanimity until all resistance
was overcome. As he was without fear, so he
was also free from jealousy and from envy. Thus
happily constituted, he tolerated in all others the
same fidelity to their own characters and the same
loyalty to the interests they represented which he.
bore to his own instincts and to the interests con-
fided to his care. He despised art, trick, and
