"884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
em issue for such lands, until some portion thereof, to be
determined by Uwj shall be m actual cultivation by the per-
son purchasing or entering the same, or his heirs.
£AYLISS'§ BATTALION OF ILLINOIS MILITIA.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill for the
ffeiief of the officers and soldiers of Major Bay-
Hss's battalion of the Illinois militia; which was
" fekd a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
, IMPROVEMENT OF CHICAGO HARBOR.
* Mr. FARNSWORTH also introduced a bill to
continue the improvement of the harbor at Chi-
cago, on Lake Michigan; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
em Commerce.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. FARNSWORTH submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of fifteen members be
appointed by the Speaker of this House, whose duty it shall
bfiftotako into consideration, and report to this House by bill
or otherwise, the propriety and expediency of constructing
a railroad from the Atlantic States to the Pacific, and that
so much of the President's message as refeis to a Pacific
railroad be referred to such committee.
Several members objected.
POST ROUTES IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois, submitted the follow-
ing resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Ofiicc and Po^t
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from tiie town ot' Maltoon, in Coles
county, Illinois, by way of the towns of Paradise and Gicen-
land, to Vandalia, in Fayette county, in said State.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois, also introduced a bill
to establish a mail route from Olney, Illinois, by
way ofSt. Marie and Newton, in Jasper county,
to a point on the eastern branch of the central
railroad of that State; which was read a first and
sacond time,and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
AUDITING OF CERTAIN ACCOUNTS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I objected yesterday
to a resolution offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Mason.] Since that time I have made
myself more familiar with its merits, and am sat-
isfied of the propriety of its passing, f am willing
to intrust the gentleman from Kentucky with any
interest of this Government without bond or se-
curity. 1 therefore now offer it. It is as follows:
Rejoiced, That the Committee on Account?' be autlioi ized
to settle, on ju^t ami equitable piineiples, certain accounts
now on file in the Clcik's ofiicc, for service^. rendered tint*
House during the last s-ession, and since the adjournment
of the !a*>t Congress; and that the said committee be further
authorized to allow the Clerk of tins llou^c to employ such
temporaly or permanent foico, as, on investigation by said
committee, may be deemed necessary for extra labor grow-
ing out of the removal from the mam building of the Capitol
u> theKOutli wing; and tooigamr.epioperiy the clerks, door-
keepers, and post ollice of the House of Representatives.
Mr. MORGAN. What is that about increase
of farce?
Mr. MASON. I will explain. This Hall is
larger than the old one, and more permanent force
will consequently be required of some kinds, while
wc may be able to do with less of other kinds.
Mr. MORGAN. Let me ask if it is designed
by this resolution to employ any additional per-
manent force ?
Mr. MASON. If gentlemen do not choose to
trust the committee, lot them move to amend the
resolution so as to require the committee to report
to the House. But there are a great many small
matters which hardly need to be brought before
the House.
Mr. MORGAN. Let the committee report to
the House, so that we may have something to
say about the matter.
Mr. MASON. The committee have no objec-
tion to any kind of scrutiny which the House
may deem necessary.
Mr. MORGAN. The resolution is altogether
too broad. I object to it.
Mr." STEPHENS,,of Georgia. I ask for a
division of the question. It is only to the latter
portion of the resolution that the gentleman from
New York objects. It is very important that the
first part of the resolution, which relates to the
settlement of accounts now on file, should pass.
The other is a distinct proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
tlmtj under the order of the House, it would be
better for the resolution to be modified, so as to
strike out the last clause.
- Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Let us have a
vote on the first part.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will modify the
resolution as suggested,and offer the latter portion
of it afterwards as a separate proposition.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this the reso-
lution which the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Mason] offered yesterday from the Committee on
Accounts ?
Mr. MASON. It is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope it will not
be divided. If it is objected to now, the gentle-
man can present it whenever his committee is
called for reports. I think the latter part of it is
more important, perhaps, than the first part of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
objection is made to the latter part.
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir; but [ should be very
glad to see the first part of the resolution adopted.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I modify the reso-
lution so as to read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be authorized
to settle, on just and equitable puncipies, certain accounts
now on file in the Clerk's office, for seivicen rendered this
House during the last section, and since the adjournment
of the la=t Congress.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I now offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rewired, That the Committee on Account* he authorized
to allow the Cleik of tins House to employ such temporary
or permanent fotee, as, on investigation by said committee,
mnj be deemed neeessary for extra labor growing out of the
removal from the mam building of the Capitol to the south
wing; and to organize properly the clerks, doorkeepers, and
post office ot the House of Representatives.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to that.
Mr. MASON. If the House will allow me, I
will make one statement. The committee have
been investigating, very laboriously, what it is
necessary to do with regard to these officers, and
have pretty much come to a conclusion on the sub-
ject. The House need not fear that the committee
will countenance any extravagance Thov only
desire to provide the necessary accommodation
for members. There has been a great deal of dis-
organization aboutthis House. It would save us
a great deal of labor, and would save the House
a great deal of trouble, if these departments were
organized for the future. I do not care a gieat
deal about the past. Gentlemen may investigate
as much as they choose about corruptions in the
past. It is a business which I do not care to go
into. But we want to put them now on what we
consider a permanent and fair basis for the future.
That is all.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is objected to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 woulcl further
modify the lesolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts inquire and
repoit to the House as to the expediency of allowing the
Clerk of tins House to employ such temporary or pcimanent
force as*, on investigation by  aid committee, may be deemed
neccs^aty for extra hiboi giowing out of the removal fiom
the main building of the Capitol to the couth wing, and to
organize ptopeily the eleiks, dooikeepers, and po«t otlice
of the House ot Representative*, with leave tp icpoitatany
time.
Mr. MORGAN. That is satisfactory to me.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there be no ob-
jection, I wonlii propose, as an amendment, to
discharge the ouier select committee on the sub-
ject.
* Mr. MORRIS, of Illinoii
amendment.
The resolution as thus modified was adopted.
LOWER RAPIDS OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, asked leave to offer
j the following resolutions:
| Resolved, That the Secretary ofWar he, and he is hereby,
| respectfully requested to furnish to this House, at the earliest
i piaeticable moment, the loilowmg information :
| I. The grots? amount expended on the unpioveinent of the
j lower rapids of the Mississippi nvei.
i 2. The amount of appiopnauons for the improvement of
; said iapnJ-s still unexpended.
I IL The amount expanded upon them m each year.
4. The amount, natuie, and kind of work done, and the
I estimate thereof.
5. What amount of the appropriations foi the improve
ment of said i.ipids lias been expended foi machinery, boats,
&e., and what has been done with the ^ame.
6. The name or names of the peison oi person? to whom
the contiact oi contracts foi improving said lapids were let.
Resolved. That the Committee on the Judiciary be, and
they aif hereby, respect! ully requested to report to this
' Houm-, in wnting. w Ifthei, m their opinion, the bridge con-
I accept that as an
structed across the Mississippi river, at Rock Island, inlhe
State of Illinois, is a s-erious obstruction to the fice and
successful navigation of said river, and that, if they deem it
necessary, they have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. KELSEY. I believe that something like
the second resolution has been offered before.
Mr. LETCHER, I object.
EXECUTIVE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of five he appumtpd to
examine into and report to this House, whethei, m their
opinion, any change is requned m the existing laws provid-
ing for and governing the public printing connected with
any of the Executive Departments or bmeaus.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to this resolution,
unless it goes to one of the regular committees.
Everything is being sent to special committees,
and nothing to the regular committees of the
House.
Mr. MORRIS, oflllinois. I am well aware that
it is not in order to discuss the resolution at this
time; but I ask permission of the House to say a
word or two in regard to it.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I object.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will modify the
resolution so as to refer it to the select committee
already raised.
Mr. LETCHER. Here we have a select com-
mittee organized for a particular purpose; and
now it is proposed to refer other matter to it.
The SPEA KER. The Chair sees no difficulty
in referring this resolution to the select committee
on printing already raised. It is perfectly com-
petent for the House to so refer it.
The resolution was referred to the select com-
mittee on printing.
ADDITIONAL POST ROUTES IN MISSOURI.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to in quae into the expediency ot es-
tablishing a mail route from Canton, in Lewis county, Mis-
sou n, by the way of Monticello, Newark, Edina, Kuksville,
Milan, and Trenton, to Gallatin, m Davis county; also fiom
Boonviile, in Cooper county, bv the way of iioon«boro and
Glasgow, in Ifowaid county, Missouu; also fiom Hunts-
ville, by the way of Fort Clay, Biecknuidge, and McGei
College, and Btoommgton, in Macon county, Missouri;
and that they leport by bill or otheiwise.
MILITARY POSTS.
Mr. PHELPS introduced a bill to establish cer-
tain military posts on or near to the road made by
Lieutenant Colonel J. E. Johnston, leading from
Missouri to the Territory of New Mexico; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
ADDITIONAL POST ROUTES.
Mr PHELPS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po-t O/ficc and Tost
Roads be instructed to mquue mto the expediency of estab-
lishing a post road froiu Marsh field to fck. Luke, in the Slate
of Mi&soun.
.BOUNTY LAND TO TEAMSTERS.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I submit thefollow-
ing resolution;
Whereas, many applications foi bounty land, made by
teamsters, who served during the war witn M-Jiieo, in the
Indian country, with troop? who were mustered into the
service toi and dunng said war, have been iejected upon
tiie technical giound that the applicant had " not been
I matched to the seat of warTiieiefoie
I Revolved. That the Committee on Public Land5 inquire
! mto the jusmc and expediency of so amending tiie existing
| law as to piovidc tor such tcam^teis and wagon-masters a< 
I may have seived a sufficient length of time, whether they
' were marched to Mexico or not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
ADDITIONAL POST ROUTES.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the necessity of establishing a po-t road
from Fort Des Moines, Iowa, via St. Joseph and Weston,
Mksouiu to Topeka, in Kansas Teintory ; and that they
report by bill or otheiwise.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT ST. JOSEPH.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, asked leave to sub-
mit the following resolution:
Resohcd. That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the necessity and expediency of erecting a maiine hospital
at the city of St. Joseph, in the State of Missouri; and that
they report by biil or otherwise.
Mr. CLEMENS objected.
