1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Collamcr.
Sen at is.
In the far,e of these facts, the Secretary of the
Treasury tells us that
"The revival of business, which cannot be longer de-
layed, will, I am confident, insure, through the present tariff,
a Mitficicm revenue for the support of the Government m
uiUuiary times."
Well, sir, having expended $38,000,000 this
year more than the receipts, having next year to
provide several more millions beyond the receipts,
to meet the wants of the Government now, hur-
rying on with no prospect during the present
Administration of the receipts paying the expend-
itures, the Secretary repeats, in this letter of the
19th of May, the doctrine laid down in his annual
report, that we should have no revision of the
tariff at the present time. Sir, I see no wisdom
in this policy—the country will soe no wisdom in
a policy that imposes upon the Government the
necessity of increasing permanent national debts j
to meet the wants of the Treasury. !
In this condition of the country, what should
statesmen do? The Administration should come
hero and propose to increase our receipts, to raise |
our revenue ^15,000,000, or it should come here i
with specific and detailed propositions to reduce '
the expend lturesofthe Government by the amount
of §15,000,000. 1 think wise statesmen would
come with both propositions. I think that, if we
had men at the head of affairs who adhered to the j
old republican doctrine that in tune of peace the i
expenditures should be kept within the receipts, 1
we should not incur a permanent national debt to
pay the ordinary arid current expenses of the Gov-
ernment. I think we should have had here, weeks
ago, a proposition to increase the revenue by re-
vising the tariff, and detailed and specific prop-
ositions to reduce the expenditures of this Gov-
ernment ten, fifteen, or twenty million dollars.
I have no doubt that this Government can be well
administered for §50,000,000 annually. But, sir,
instead of coming here with a proposition to in-
crease the revenue to meet the ordinary and cur- i
rent expenses of the Government, we have the ^
declaration, repeated in three reports by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, sustained by the Pres-
ident, and in both Houses of Congress, that we
must not revise a tariff under which we cannot,
by any possibility, raise $50,000,000 for the next
year, when we want $100,000,000 to meet the ne-
cessities of the Government. This is trifling with
the interests of the nation, and should meet the
stem rebuke of the American people. The tariff
gives you only about nineteen per cent., and you
cannot have more than two hundred and fifty mil-
lions of dutiable imports next year. Under the
present tariff, unless we have an unnatural expan-
sion of bank paper again, unless we have an era
of speculation that is to end m bankruptcy, there
is no probability that, for the next two or thice
years, we can raise more than fifty millions from
the customs; and yet we are told, most emphat-
ically, that this tariff must not be revised.
In this report of the Secretary of the Treasury
we hr-ve an abundance of talk about " rettench-
ment and reform." It is all talk—mere phrases
—words, words, words. Will any Senator tell
me what single proposition has been made, under
this Administration, towards " retrenchment and
reform" in the expenses of the Government? The
Secretary of the Treasury is spending nearly one
million and a half dollars more money to collect
the revenue than was spent by the administration
of Mr. Fillmore. He spent ^2,000,000 in the col-
lection of the revenue on the Atlantic coast. The
present Secretary spends £3,300,000 on the Atlan-
tic coast alone, and employs six hundred more
men than were employed by Mr. Corwin, and
he asks us to take off the limitation of law, and
to increase the expenditures of that Department
$1,000,000, annually, beyond the limitations of
the law. The Secretary of War pressed upon us
the raising of five additional regiments,at an an-
nual cost of $5,000,000, which Congress, in its
wisdom, voted down. The Secretary of the Navy
wanted ten sloops, at an expense of two and a half
or three million dollars annually; and lam told
that now, under the cry that is got up of British
aggressions m the Gulf, twenty or thirty war ves-
sels are talked of—and here, by the way, 1 must
say that the head of the State Department, m his
coirespondenee, talks very mildly about these ag-
gressions, especially when we take into consult-
ation the warlike speeches we used to hear from
him on this floor.
Congress has already saved eight or ten mil-
lions dollars by refusing to grant the extrava-
gant demands of the Executive Departments, and
more may be saved. Sir, there is no proposition
to reduce expenditures, unless it be by defeating
all private claim bills. Everywhere, m every De-
partment, we are pressed to increase the expend-
itures, rather than to reduce them; and I am sur-
prised, that when you have borrowed $20,000,000,
to carry us through this year, when you have ex-
hausted it, and now ask $15,000,000 for the first
half of the next year the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance should, in a bill of this char-
acter, propose to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to appoint two additional officers. There
is a section in this bill to create two additional
officers, although the Government has spentthis
year $38,000,000 moie than its receipts, and will
have a deficit next year of $15,000,000, if it re-
deems its Treasury notes. It is proposed to in-
crease the strength of the Treasury Department.
I venture to say that the force employed in the
several Departments can be reduced one third,
and the public will not suffer by it. There are
men employed in these Departments who are ab-
sent, some of them for months at u time. There
are men employed in these Departments who are
allowed to traverse the country for weeks on elec-
tioneering tourw—men who are allowed and en-
couraged—ay, compelled—to got up clubs for the
circulation of political speeches and documents;
to organize, in the city of Washington, political
committers, to the neglect of public business.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance,
whom we so often hear advocating economy—
and I Will do him the justice to say that 1 think
he does it with a great deal of sincn ity—proposes
to add two-to the number of clerks m the Tieus-
ury Department. Sir, they are not wanted; there
is strength enough in that Department now, and
to spare. Not only that, but hero is an appro-
priation of $y0,000 to make the bonds on which
we are to got this money. I believe $2,000 will
more than pay ail that in necessary to prepare the
papers to borrow the money upon. Here is an-
other economical proposition from the Adminis-
tration which piates so often and so much about
" retrenchment and reform." Some favorite is
to bo rewarded, or perhaps the brother or friend
of some member who voted for Lecompton, is to
be provided for by this appropriation.
Mr. IIUNTRR. The Senaior from Massa-
chusetts will fud that it has been usual, in the loan
bills, to add these clerks on account of ihe extra
duties they entail; and there is generally such an
appropriation in order to cany out the expenses
of the loan. He will find that in the loan bill of
1848, i think.
Mr. WILSON. Perhaps it has been usual, but
that does not prove the necessity of it now, and to
this amount. Formerly, sikIi bills came for great
purposes, to defend the country, or to provide
means to pay the debts incurred m defense of the
country in time of war. This bill comes here ota
time when we ought to enter upon a general sys-
tem of reduction in the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment; and 1 believe we have abundant force in
that Department to do all that is necessary to bor-
row these §15,000,000. The labor that will be
imposed, the additional labor that will be required
in that Department, can be easily and readily fur- J
ntahed in the Department. 1 shall move to strike j
out this section; and I shall move to amend the !
other section by reducing the amount therein ap- !
propriatedfiom $20,000 to $2,000. In giving the j
Secretary of the Treasury these $15,000,000 for i
the first two quarters of the next fiscal year, let
us tell him, in language not to be mistaken, that i
we expect him and his corps of cleiks to take ;
care of the matter, to perform the additional labor, [
and that we will not add to the Department any 1
additional force whatever. Let us tell him, also, i
that we, the representatives of the people, will not I
permit him to expend on any favorites, £20,000 tor j
engraving and paper. ;
I therefore move to strike out the fifth section, ,
which is in these words: 1
"Sec.."). And Ip it further ewcfc!. Thar til.' Secietaiy i
of the Tierwiry is hereuv aiuhonzcd to anpomt in tue office :
of the Uegistei of the Trca-uiy, ati additional eleik of the 1
thud class, at a salary of $1,600 per annum, and an addi-
tional clerk of die same clasi* and salary iii the office of tiie
Treasurer of the United States..5'
I also move to amend the sixth section, by strik-
ing out " $20,000" and inserting "$3,000;" so
that the section shall read:
Sbc. 5. And be it further enacted, That, to defray thcet-
pentes of engraving and printing certificates of such stock,
and other expenses incident to the execution of this act,
tiie sum of $2,000 is hereby appropriated . Provided, That
no compensation shall be allowed for any service per-
formed under tins act, to any officer whose salaiy is estab-
lished by law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot )
The first question will be on striking out the fifth
section.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is a little more than a
year ago, Mr. President, when, at a certain even-
ing session of this body, there was passed, as I
thought, m hot haste, a general revenue tariff bill,
remodeling the tariff system of the country, chang-
ing its essential features. On that occasion I took
the opportunity to state my objections to it, in all
its stages, and especially because it was attempted
to be done with only the consideration of a very
few hours. The bill was reported, taken up, some
little amendments made, acted upon, finished, and
completed here in a single night session. I did
not profess, at that period, to anticipate with more
sagacity than other people, the pecuniary revul-
sion which has since spread over the country; but
I then thought and said that it was utterly impos-
sible for any human sagacity to undertake to say,
in the period of time allotted to the consideration
of that measure, what would be its effect. It is
always a grave problem whether, m point of fact,
the reduction of a duty upon any given article
will cause a reduction of the revenue. The \eiy
reduction of duty may occasion so great an im-
portation as actually to increase the revenue.
Nothing but experience, long observation, and
consultation with men who have had experience
in that department of trade, would enable you to
determine, with certainty, its effect. No such con-
sideration was given on that occasion; so such
consultation was had. There were two purposes
avowed in the passing of that law. One was
with reference to the large amount of gold id the
Sub-Ti casui y, which, it was said, was accumu-
la ling, and was needed for the trade of the country.
The lanlf of last year was made for the purpose
of depleting that amount of surplus revenue. 'That
was one of the professed objects. No man can
deny that that has been accomplished. I think
that, together with other causes, certainly, has at
any rate sufficiently depleted the Treasury. That
purpose has been eifected. For myself, 1 had
always very much doubt, and so stated on that
occasion, whether, even if it had that effect, it
would be a benefical one. I believed that there
had already,at that time, been an over amountoi
importation, and that it was probnbly providen-
tially well directed that there should be an amount
of money thus sequestered from the extravagant
use of those who were going on in a way of ex-
tiavagance, so that they should make no increase
of importations not necessary to public or private
prosperity, and that it would be well to have some
check of that kind. But, sir, my voice was a
feeu'e one, and the source from which the sug-
gestion came, perhaps was not entitled to much
consideration; but experience shows that it turned
out pretty much as I said.
The other object which was at that time pro-
fessed, was to make a step towards free trade. It
was voted for professedly on that very ground.
Now, we will suppose it to have had mat effect,
because everybody understands that you are not
to expect any of the ultimate resnksof fiee trade
until you adopt a system approximating to free
trade, and perceive its effects, witness them, feel
them, know what they are. All of us understand
that free trade is direct taxation; there is no al-
ternative; for I take it gentlemen will hardly gtt
along in the manner suggested by Barney Biinn,
who was opposed to all sorts of taxes and reve-
nue, and was for having all expenses paid out of
the Treasury, so as not to burden the people at
all. [Laughter.] As we cannot always expect
to get along m that manner. I suppose free trade
is direct taxation. We have many gentlemen in
the Senate who openly profess it, who avow it,
who consider that no cutting down of the extrav-
