1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2445
trips, at a cost of $696,500, making a difference
of $32,500. Now, sir, I can imagine no rea-
son why this committee shall refuse to accept the
amendment I now send to the Clerk's table. I
propose to strike out all after the word " dollars,"
m the ninth line, to the end of the fourteenth line,
as follows:
" And it is hereby provided that there be paid to the Post
Office Department out of said appropriation such sum* as
may be lequired to procure the transportation of the mails
fiom New York and Liveipool, and back, on such days as
the Collins line may tail to take them fiom New i'ork;"
And to insert the following:
Provided, That the existing contract with E. K. Collins
and his associates shall be deemed abandoned and forfeited,
unlets the service thereof shall be resumed on or before the
30th day of June, 18.">8.
Sec. 2. Jlntl be it farther enacted, That the following
routes &hail be ocean pewt routes: Route No 1. Fiom New
Yoik to Liveipool and back. Route No. 2. From New
York to llavie, via Southampton, and back. Route No. 3.
From New York to Gluckstadt, via Plvmouth. Havre, and
Rotterdam, and back. Route No 4 From New Orleans
to Bordeaux, via Havana, Bermuda, Fayal, and Santander,
and back Provided, That the rate pei statute mile to be
paid tor trans-porting the mails of the United States on the
above designated post loutes shall not exceed the sum of
two dollars ; and that theie shall be a semi-monthly service
on route No. I, and a montblysemce on each of the routes
No. 0. No. 3, and No. 4; and the service on routes No. 1
and No. *2 shall begin as *oon aftei June 30, 18.38, a* possi-
ble ; and the service on routes No. 3 and No. 4 shall begin
on or about the first day of December. 1858.
Sec. 3. *And be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed, im-
mediately after the passage of tin-* act, to contract with cit-
izens of the United Stales to transport the mails of the Uni-
ted States on the above designated routes, at an average rate
of speed during the j ear of ten miles an horn, in steamships
built in the United State*, tor a period of tun yeaiv, and
thenceforwaid until after twelve months'notice of teimma-
tion shall have been given,after advertiMngfor proposals for
the same, during a period of tinny dav* . P)ov:dah That
the Po-tma-terGeneial «hall not be compelled to accept tne
lowest hid, and that the steamship* to be employed on mute*
No 1, No. :2, No 3, f-hall be of not less than two thou-and
tons buidcn, Government ie<*i£ter; and ll.at the^Uram^hip-*
employed on i oute No. 4 sdial I be oi not let-* than filteen bun-
dled ton-buulen. Government regisrei : That the
seiviee on route No. 1 shall not begin unu) the expnation,
by limitation, abandonment, or forfeiture, of tin' pre-ent con-
tract of E. K Collins and his a-sociates, and that m each
and every contract made under tins act there shall be a sup
ulation that a fiueut" .$-2,000 shall be imposed by the Post-
master General for a delay of twelve hours after the ap-
pointed time of departure, and lor each additional twelve ,
hours' delay an additional fine of #2,000 shall be imposed ; |
and if the delay shall extend to two days, then one half oi ,
the contract pay for the round trip shall be deducted, un!e-s j
the caiij-e of such delay be shown in each ca--c, to the sat- |
isfaction of the Po>tniASter Geneiah to have been IhvoikI
the contiol of the contracting partip<, oi their agent-', or em-
ployes ; and if the contracting parties shall tail to piovide a
su'table steamship within three days after the time fixed roi
the dep.muic of the mail*, a tine, equal in amount to double
thecontiact pay tot a round trip, shall be imposed upon the
contractus patties ; and should the coiitiacting paitie^ fail
to perfoim'their total annual seiviee at an a\tiMge late of
speed of ten mile-- an hour, th°n, foi every twelve lion; ex-
cess, the contracting parties shall loifeit.®^ OtiO, k being un-
derstood that all tines and foiteituies provided tor m tin- sec-
tion shall be made by (he Postmaster General aecouhng to
his discretion • ProadeJ jurthpr, That the contractors on
each and all of the above designated routes shall carry, free
of expense, when so directed by the Postmaster Geneial,
mail agents, beam? of United States Government dis-
patches'. and all books, map*, chait«, and msttuments foi
mathematicaf and scientific purposes imported lor the Use
of the UnitedStatesGovernment; and that the Government
of the United States shall have the power to increase the
number of trips on any and all of the above-designated
loutes, upon giving one yeai's notice to the conuactois
thereon, at the oame late oi compensation for the inciea--ed
service; and that the Government of the United States
shall have the right to demand and appiopiuue to its own
u-e, at any tune, any and all of the steam-hips used m said
mail seiviee, at a pnee to be fixed by the Secretaiy o? the
Navv and the     o: using in t!«o --oiv:<v.
the steamships - n appiopuated by Elie Government.
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise to a question of order
on that amendment, and I want the Chair to de-
cide it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise the point
whether that amendment can be entertained as an
amendment to an appropriation bill. There is no
law for it; but, on the contrary, it provides for
new contracts ;>nd new liabilities.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opinion
that the first pait of the amendment, which pro-
poses to clionae the existing law, is not in order.
The latter part of the amendment, consisting of
■various sections, the Chair understands to be for
the establishment of new lines not now provided
for by law. The Chair understands that some of
the provisions in this bill are for the establishment
of lines not authorized by law. It the Chair is
correct in that conclusion, it may be that that
portion of the amendment will oe in order, offered
at the proper place.
Mr. SEWARD. If the amendment, as now
offered, is out of order, I say let it be so ruled ,
and let us go on.
Mr. KELSEY. Cannot the amendment be di-
vided, and the question taken on the branches of
it separately ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the first
branch out of order. He understands that the ser-
vice on thatroute is regulated by the contract made
with the Collins line in pursuance of law. The
amendment proposes to establish new terms and
new conditions, on which the contract shall con-
tinue or become forfeited. That portion which
does that, the Chair rules out of order. j
Mr. SANDIDGE. I should like to say a word.
The amendment does not propose to change the
contract existing between E. K. Collins and the
Government, if, indeed, there be any such con-
tract at this time, for he has not carried the mail
since last December. The committee's bill has
been framed to meet and provide for continued
failures, the Postmaster General being authorized
to use the same amount heretofore paid to the Col-
lins line in the employment of substitute steamers
whenever they can be had.
Mr. BARIvSDALE. I should like to have
read the portion of the amendment decided to be
in order. ;
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is on ;
the point of order of the gentleman from Indiana. ;
Mr. SANDIDGE. fhope that I will not be j
interrupted. I should like to understand what |
portion of my amendment is ruled out of order? j
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment is of- j
fered as it is, the Chair will rule it all out of order. !
The Chair regards the first branch out of oidn , i
without deciding whether the latter branch is or j
not. ;
Mr. SANDIDGE. I withdraw the first branch
of the amendment. ]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I raise the question
of order on the balance of the proposed amend- j
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. If this bill provided only ,
to carry out existing laws, the Chair would rule I
the amendment out of order; but the chaiimau of
the Committee of Ways and Means lnis stated
that there is no law aifthonzmg two or three of
the routes embraced m this bill. Therefore, the j
Chair cannot undertake to rule outan amendment,
upon the ground that it is not authorized by ex-
isting law, when there are provisions of that de-
scription in the bill itself.
Mr. SANDIDGE. 1 hope that I will be allowed
to proceed with my remarks. I am sure it will
be agreed on all hands th.it when we pay the large
sumthat we do for the transportation of the Uni-
ted States mail on the oeeati, the representatives
of the people should have something to say in the |
matter. If we are to have mail steamer lines we \
should direct between what ports in the United
States and Europe the communication is to be
contracted for. We ought to fix the compensa-
tion, and not leave the whole matter to the Post-
master General, however much confidence may
be reposed in him.
This bill proposes to give $350,000 fur carry-
ing oil a service to be contracted for by the Post-
master General. Are you v. llling to vote that sum
to sustain lines which you will not yourself es-
tablish > If you ate not, 1 ask that you stake that
sum fiom the bill. If you wish steamship lines
to Europe, say to what ports they shall run.^ Is
that unreasonable? Aie you willing to abdicate
your own prerogative, and to turn this whole
matter over to the Postmaster General ? If you
are, then vote for this bill as it conies from the
Committee of Ways and Means. The bill pro-
vides that the Postmaster General may expend
this money as he pleases. I do not arraign the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Bat, sir, whim members shall think that the
condition of the Treasury will allow an expend-
iture of $700,000 for transposing the mails to
Europe, I think they may as well decide upon
what lines the mails shall be carried. 1 do not
wish to interfere with the three lines running from
New York to Europe; 1 wish them continued, but
on condition that we who live in the valley of the
Mississippi shall also have a line running from
New Orleans, the first exporting city in the Union.
The amendment I propose,establishes our ocean
mail service to Europe on the same basis as the
land service. It provides for forty-eight trips for
the next fiscal year, at a saving of |32,132 upon
the estimates and amount appropriated in this bill
for forty-two trips. The price of two dollars per
mile is fixed as a maximum, so as to bring the
expenseswithintheestimatedreceipts. Tbesizeof
the steamers, two thousand tons, and the speed of
ten miles an hour, are considered the most advan-
. tageous, and I have in my hand certificates to that
! effect from a chief engineer of the United States
Navy. There are two foreign steamers a week,
and sometimes three, leaving New York, whereas
there is not one American steamer a week to
Europe. Two thirds of the valuable goods are
brought in steamers. In 1840 only $600,000 worth
\ of goods were imported into Boston m foreign
vessels, but last year §17,000,000 in value were
j imported there, two thirds of which came in the
; Cunard steamers, making two trips a month,
i The less ocean mail service to Europe the United
! States does, the more it costs us, because by our
postal treaties we colloct/ree of cost all the postages
' due to foreign Governments, but we pay forty-
! two and one half per cent, on unpaid letters on
j their collections to United States postmasters, and
if all the letters eo by foreign mail steamers, the
; postages average $1,200,000 a year, and the Uni-
ted States would lose about thirty per cent, on
1 that amount, being paid as commissions to post-
. masters, or about three hundred and sixty thou-
■ sand dollars a year. If we abolish postal treaties,
! then foreign Governments will do as they did be-
foie, double the postage.
Now, with the lines proposed by this amend-
ment, we will secure an efficient ocean mail ser-
vice on general principles, and without any cost
to the United States for transportation. The post-
ages received, taking the amount of 1855, would
i leave a deficit of only $110,000; but then we had
1 but fifty-two trips—we now propose sixty trips;
| and the estimated receipts will coverall the trans-
'! portation expenses. We had better do nothing
than to pay out $700,000 for an irregular and ne-
cessarily inefficient service. We must have reg-
ularity and punctuality, otherwise the bulk of the
letters will be carried by the foreign lines, which
do run with great regularity.
The contracts made last year for the Uremen
mails, and Havre mails, have been failures. The
contractor on the Bremen route dul not perforin
his trips in the winter months, although he had
two steamers lying at the dock; and the contract-
or on the Havre line did perform his trips, but
he has applied to Congress for extra pay over and
above his contract, which was for the postages. If
this $6!)fi,500 is to be appropriated for the Euro-
pean mails, I say Congress should direct how it
is to be used. I did desire, Mr. Chairman, if the
hour were not so late, to say something in expla-
nation of every item in the amendment which I
have offered; but as its main features can be easily
understood, I will not consume more of the time
of the ( ommittee, but ask a vote upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the second
paragraph of the bill by 
Mr. ENTGLISIi. I desire, to know what has
become of the question of order which was raised.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided the
question of order, and there being no appeal taken,
the amendment was received.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have a right to raise a ques-
tion of order now ?
Mr. SEWARD. Not while I am entitled to the
floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood that
the question of order was in abeyance.
The. CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that he was deciding the question of order. If
there is no objection upon the part of the commit-
tee the Chair will allow the question again to be
presented.
Mr. SEWARD. Not while I am entitled to the
floor. . ...
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is entitled
to the floor unless a point of order is raised. _
Mr. SEWARD. Gentlemen cannotgo behind
my n"-hr and raise a question of order.
Mr JOHN COCHRANE. Is it understood
that the question of order which was presented
' and decided, can be presented again ?
! The CHAIRMAN. It is not m order to pre-
sent it at this time. The Chair decided it, and no
appeal was taken.
Mr. ENGLISH. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood the
