1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Cameron.
Senate.
of this tariff, because this revulsion, which would
have occurred whether we had passed it or not,
and which did occur within a few weeks after it
went into operation, would have produced a gen-
eral prostration of the business interests of the
country, no matter what had been the revenue
system. We are not able, as yet, to speak from
experience, further than this: that we find that,
even in this year of revulsion, we shall probably
get some forty or forty-one million dollars from
this system of revenue; and if we have gotten that
even in this year, with the small imports, and if we
find that that rate of duty, if applied to the im-
ports of the last fiscal year, would have given us
some fifty-one million dollars, I ask, are we not
justified in the assumption that if there should
be a revival of trade, we may expect $52,000,000
in the next fiscal year; and if we can expect
$52,000,000 m the next fiscal year, I have shown
how, with the loan that is proposed, we shall be
able to meet the present exigency, even under the
heavy expenditures that have been estimated for.
I say, after that, it will be necessary to diminish
the expenditures, and we ought to do it; and if
we do diminish the expenditures, the revenue
which this tariff will yield, together with what
will be afforded by the public lands,1 will probably
be ample for any just system of public expendi-
ture. Why, sir, if we do not, of course we shall
have to resort to loans. There might be a system
of expenditure that no taxation we could resort
to would ever meet. We can only impose a rev-
enue system with a view to what are the just
wants of the country and the Government; and 1
say, with a view to those wants, we are justified
in the opinion that the tariff of 1857, ill addition
to the public lands, will probably give us enough.
We are certainly justified in the expectation that
it will annually increase in amount, because we
find from experience, we find from the experi-
ence of the tariff of 1846, that the annual increase
of exportations and importations was something
like ten per cent, a year giving a consequent in-
crease of revenue. If we suppose anything like
that is to happen in the future in regard to the
amount which would be raised in an ordinary
tariff, by the tariff of 1857, on importations, we
see the time will soon come when even this tariff
will give us an adequate revenue.
Sir, I have heard no man here declare or advo-
cate the opinion that this Government ought to be
supported by a system of direct taxation. When
the day comes that any party shall commit them-
selves to that doctrine, they will do so; but until
they do it, they arc not fairly to be charged with
entertaining it, because they submit a system of
revenue upon arguments and upon experience
which they think show that it will be amply suf-
ficient for all the just wants of the Government.
They may be mistaken in this; they may be mis-
taken m their facts; their inference may be un-
just—all that is a fair subject of argument; but
that they intend any such thing as is charged upon
them, I utterly deny, so far as I am acquainted
with their purposes and objects.
Mr. 1IAYNE. Mr. President, one word to
my distinguished friend from Vermont; and 1
think I know him so well that 1 may feel certain,
if his private revenue had been cut down this
year to such a point that he would have been un-
able to sustain his family comfirtably, he would
not hesitate to do so upon his own credit; lam sure
he would do it. Wow, sir, I have clearly ascer-
tained the fact in relation to the imports at Charles-
ton, that, notwithstanding the crisis, we have im-
ported and sold goods to the amount of only one
hird less than we did the previous prosperous
year. I know many a friend who has been cut
down in his private revenue one half, and 1 know
that in July he will get his old full revenue. I
cannot have a doubt but that the next year will
give this Government a revenue which will place
it in the position we desire. I feel perfectly sat-
isfied that this will be the case; and surety, Sena-
tors, if it were not the case, you appreciate the
high duties you have to perform; you have the
credit of the country to sustain; and if it is neces-
sary to borrow money in order to obtain funds
for the legitimate purposes of the Government,
you will do so rather than give away valuable
property for no consideration.
In the present state of things, looking to the ma-
New Sertes—No. 25.
rine of the world, would you, because you hav-e
not a full Treasury, think for a moment of reduc-
ing appropriations for war steamers; feeling, as
you must all feel, and knowing, as you all know,
much better than I do, that really it is the great
question of this country. With such sea-ports as
we have, with such avast coast, and so many
towns and cities, how is safety to be attained,
how is the honorable condition of the country to
be sustained unless you have a navy of proper
size ? It seems to me that we ought not to falter
in our course withTegard to the maintenance of
a navy, because of a crisis which is less important
than that of 1837. We are recovering from its
effects daily, but we have been taught prudence,
and people will not lend readily, except to the
Government.
I must state one fact to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, who has mentioned the name of Gen-
era) Jackson, as one who was remarkable for
economy. When that great man came into the
Senate of the United States he was placcd at the
head of the Military Committee, and he reported
a bill which embraced heavier expenditures than
I have ever known reported in this House. This
was done some time after the war, when our
Treasury was bankrupt; but he had profited from
experience; he knew that the credit of his country
was good, and he desired to see the country prop-
erly defended. It is now hardly any better de-
fended than it was at the commencement of that
war; and under the circumstances, I should real-
ly be sorry to see any great opposition made to
legitimate appropriations, on account of the crisis
of which we have heard so much.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion to strike out the fifth section of the
bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. Before voting on the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, I desire
to suggest an amendment to a different part of
the bill, which may affect the question of the
clerkships. The second section provides for the
issuing of the stock. The second proviso of the
second section reads as follows:
" Jbidprovided also, That whenever rcquued, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may cause coupons ot semi-annual
interest payable thereon to be attached to certificates! id-
sued under ibis act.'5
Required by whom and required when ? By
the parties making the Joan at the time of issuing
the loan, or at any subsequent period ? The lan-
guage is indefinite, and I propose to strike it out
entirely. I am in favor of making this loan a
coupon loan. Loans of this character are no
longer an experiment; they can be made with en-
tire safety; they are preferred to any other char-
acter of loan; they have great convenience over a
loan transferable only on the books of the De-
partment; and 1 shall propose at the proper time
to strike out that proviso and insert at the end of
the third line of the second section, after the word
" semi-annually," the words, with couponsfor
the semi-annual interest attached to the certifi-
cates of stock thus cieated," so as to read:
" Stock tvhull be lv-ued l'or tlu> amount so bounwpd, bear-
in? interest not exceedmjj six poi centum pei annum, pay-
able semi-annually, with coupons tor the semi annual in-
terest attached to the certificate*, of stock thus created."
The effect of the amendments I suggest will be
to dispense with a great deal of labor in the Regis-
ter's department. A bond, with coupons at-
tached, is transferable from hand to hand. A
loan, transferable only on the books, is accompa-
nied with a great deal of laborin the Department.
Now, if we are to have a coupon loan, I am not
willing to allow that to be a question with those
who make the loan, but let it be decided by Con-
gress. Then we shall have the benefit of this
species ofloan, which is always preferied to aloan
transferable on the books, if the notice be for a
loan with coupons attached, it will be more val-
uable in the market; and we may as well decide
that fact as leave it to the option of those who may
propose for the loan. By the amendment I sug-
gest, I think we could dispense with at least one
of these clerkships, if not with both, bccausc the
amount of labor which will accompany a loan
with coupons attached must be very small, whilst
we can all understand that where it is nucessary
to transfer the loan upon the books the labor is
very considerable. I cannot get my amendment
in now; but I suggest it for the purpose of having
its influence upon the decision on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. REID. I would ask the Senator whether
the additional signatures on the coupoft. bonds
would not cause as much labor as the transfer on
the books, or even perhaps more?
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from North
Carolina will understand that unless this amend-
ment be made, the bonds are to be transferred at
the Treasury, and the coupons, too, if anybody
desires it, and that will make double labor.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would suggest, for the
convenience, at least, of voting, that the Senator
from Massachusetts withdraw his amendment
until we try that of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania desires to make his motion now, I will
withdraw my amendment for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Foot.)
By unanimous consent, the yeas and nays having
been ordered, the amendment may be withdrawn.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask the attention of the chair-
man of the Finance Committee to my proposition,
I propose to strike out the seeond proviso to the
second section, and to insert, at the end of the
third line of that section, the words " with cou-
pons for the semi-annual interest attached to the
certificates of stock thus created." The loan will
then be a coupon loan; the coupons will be at-
tached to the certificates of stock. There will be
no discretion vested in the Department or in thosfe
who propose to loan the money, on that point.
The effect of my amendment will be to fix the
loan as a coupon loan.
Mr. HUNTER. The difference between the
bill and the provision of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, if 1 understand it, is this: he proposes
to require this to be a coupon loan, whether the
bidder desires it or not; and the bill leaves it to
the option of the bidder to say whether his bonds
shall have coupons attached, or whether they
shall be transferable on the books of the Depart-
ment. It is true that, in general, the coupons are
preferied, but it sometimes happens that the other
form of loan is preferred. Persons who are act-
ingin a fiduciary capacity, guardians and trustees,
sometimes prefer the other form of bond, because
the dangers and risks of loss are less than with
the coupons. If you lose the coupon, you lose
the interest. Perhaps it is quite as well to leave
this matter as the Department desired to leave it,
optional with the bidder to say whether he will
take it as a coupon bond or not. I do not feel a
great deal of interest in the amendment myself; [
do not care a great deal what may be the form of
the bond; but I rather incline to think it is better
to leave the provision as it stands in the bill,
Mr. SEWARD. If these are all coupon bonds,
the loan must be reimbursable at a fixed future
day—five years, or ten years, or fifteen years—
bccause you issue the coupons at the time of is-
suing the bonds; but the bill, as I understand,
provides that the United States may reimburse
the loan whenever they have the ability to do so.
How can they reimburse it, if the transferable
coupons are in everybody's hands?
Mr. HUNTER. The bill provides that it may
be reimbursed at any time after fifteen years.
Mr. CAMERON. I think the amendment of
my colleague is a very just one; and if that be
adopted, I hope it will be followed by another,
which I propose to offer. Coupon bonds, in the
estimation of money-lenders, are always consid-
ered much more valuable than bonds without
coupons. The objection made by the Senator
from Virginia is not a good one. He says the
coupons may be lost, and therefore persons who
are trustees prefer the other form of loan. It is
not so. The coupon is not more likely to be lost
than the certificate or check of the Treasury trans-
mitted through the mail. A coupon bond will be
taken as readily in the market for five per ceru.
as another bond for six. The holder may save
taxes by having coupon bonds. In many States
loans are taxed. The State of Pennsylvania has
a particular tax on l\er own debt, which is taken
from the holder of the bond when the interest is
paid. I remember that when my colleague was
Governor of Pennsylvania, one of our loans was
