1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1423
rick, Foot, Foster, Hale, Ilamlm, Harlan, Houston, King,
I'earce, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—22.
So the vote was reconsidered; and the question
recurred on the amendment of Mr. Iverson.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The Clerk read the amendment; which is, to
strike out all of the second section, after the en-
acting clause, and insert:
" That said State shall be entitled to two Representatives
in Congicss, until tin1 next apportionment of Representa-
tives amongst the several States."
Mr. HALE. 1 desire simply to say, that I
prefer the bill as it originally stood; and an objec-
tion has been mentioned by some who have voted
for these amendments It is suggested that, if
the amendment that has been adopted on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, provid-
ing for a new census, should be stricken out, and
the bill should be left as it was reported by the
committee, they would vote for the original bill,
and prefer it to any of these amendments. I pre-
fer the bill as originally reported; and I give no-
tice that, as soon as it is in order, having voted
with the majority on that proposition, I shall
move to reconsider it, so that the bill may stand,
if the amendments be all rejected, just as it came
from the Committee oil Territories. I hope, then,
that this amendment will be voted down, and leave
the bill just as the committee reported it.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simpiy to say that I
disagree with the Senator from New Hampshire 1
in that respect. I would rather vote to give them |
two Representatives than take the bill as it was i
originally reported, because i think that more just '
than it would be to have the bill stand as it ori-
ginally came from the committee. What I desire
with regard to this State is to do exact justice,
and I made the motion to take a new census for
that purpose. I am told that this motion is to
ctrike out what I had inserted into the original
section. I prefer it to stand as amended, and give
them one Representative, which the Constitution
gives them, and then take a census, and give them
all that belongs to them—one, two, or three—in
addition. By that I shall stand. Hut, as between
the original bill, which gives them but one, and j
the proposition to give them two, I shall vote fur j
the two, because 1 think that nearer right. j
The question being taken upon Mr. ivEUsosr's !
amendment by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas '29, !
nays 21; as follows: i
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, P.iL'Sfr, TCn<*ht, '
Broderick, liiown,Clay, Crittenden.Douglas, Evans,Ftteh, i
Green, Gwin, Hammond, Iverson, Johnson ot Tennessee, ;
Jones, Kennedy, Mnlloiy, Mason, Polk, I'uuh. Soba-at.in,
Sluieli, Stuart, Thompson of New Jutsoy, Wu^ht, and
Yulee— 29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Chandler, Cl-nk, Co]-
lamcr, Dixon, Doohitle, Dmkeo, i-Yssenden, foot, Foster, j
Hale, llamhn, Harlan, Houston, Kmtr, I'eatce, Simmon^, :
Trumbull, Wade, and WiUon—'M. j
So the amendment was agreed to. |
Mr. PUGII. I offered an additional section, a '
few days ago, to this bill; and it is suggested to '
rne by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] 1
on the authority of ihe Senators and Represent-
atives from Minnesota, that there are several cases ,
of appeal from the supreme court of the Tein- i
tory pending in the Supreme Couit of the United
States, in reference to which it is necessary to
make some provision. I move to add this to the 1
section I have already offered on that subject: ,
And in all eases of appeal or writ of errot heretofoie juoe~ ;
eeuted,and now pending in the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted State*, on any record from the supreme couit ot Mm- ;
ne&ota Teiritoiy, the mandate of execution, oi order for fur- i
ther proceeding, shall be directed by the fcjupiemc Court of
the United Status to the di^tuet couit of the United States I
tor the dbtrict of Minnesota, or to the supreme couit of ihe '
fc?tat« ot'MiniiPsota, a? the natuie of such appeal or writ of 1
cuor innv require; and each of these couits shall be the
tNiic. e^sor of the supreme comt of Minnesota Tcrritoiv as
to all ^uch eaiM>, with full power to hear and determine* the
b.uno, and to aw aid mesne or final pioce^s the) em.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. T have an amendment to offer;
but if it be agreeable to the Senate, and there is
no haste in passing this bill, I should like to pass
it over until to-morrow morning. ["Oh, no!"]
The amendment 1 propose is not entirely per-
fected. 1 should like to make some further ex-
amination. There is business to be transacted in
executive session; and I therefore move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, This subject, for its
character, has occupied a very undue portion of
the time ot the Senate. I hope it will be disposed
of now, and not delayed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business.
After some time consumed therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 31,1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act to ac-
quire certain lands needed for the Washington
aqueduct in the District of Columbia; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
This is the last day of the debate in committee on
the Kansas question.
Mr. FOSTER. I appeal to the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. LETCHER. I cannot. This is the last
day for the Kansas debate.
The motion of Mr. Letcher was then agreed
to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the stateof the Union, (Mr. Bo-
cock in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the deficiency bill, on which the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] was entitled to
the floor.
Messrs. STEVENSON, GILMER, MILES,
BURLING AME, ZOLLICOFFER, PAR-
ROTT, NUiLACIC, THOMPSON, WARD,
GROESDECK, TRIPPE, MORSE of Maine,
HATCH, MARSHALL of Illinois, HUGHES,
TAPPAN, LETCHER, and WALTON, ad-
dressed the committee on Kansas affairs.
(These speeches will be published in the Ap-
pendix. J
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
committee then rose; and the Speaker having re-
sumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the statu of the Union
had, according to order, hod the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill (fl. II. No. 306) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1658, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. ROCOCK, (at
twenty-five minutes to one o'clock, a. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jipril 1, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. P. H. Nadai,.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate reports of the Court of Claims, made in
pursuance of law, adverse to the claim of Joseph
Ratclilf; the claim of Oliver Dubois; the claim of
Arthur Ed wards, John Owon,and Jra Davis; the
claim of Dennis Cronan; the claim of A. 0. P.
Nicholson; the claim of the heirs of Lewis An-
sart; and the claim of Joshua J. Guppey, trustee
for the settlers and occupants of Portage City;
also, the opinion of the court on the claim of Jo-
seph Clyrncr; which weie icferred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the enactment ot a
general relief lav/; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DIXON prf-sented the petition of Henry
Kellogg, praying for indemnity for losses sus-
tained in consequence of ihe failure of Congress
to make appropriations for the confirmation of the
Washington aqueduct: whrh vf-\« lererrcd to the
Committee on Claim;-
Mr. IVERSON presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, District of Columbia,prayingfor
an examination and settlement of the claims of
J. W. Nye, for furnishing horses and carry-alls
for the House of Representatives, for macadam-
izing Pennsylvania avenue, and for improving a
public square in the city of Washington; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution of the Sett-
le*0 No. 24) authorizing Lieutenant William
N. JeiFers to accept a sword of honor from her
Majesty the Queen of Spain.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. IVERSON, from theCommittee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of the heirs of
Jabez P. Rooker, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ann Mathieson,
submitted an adverse report on so much of the
petition as relates to indemnity for property
destroyed; winch was ordered to be printed; and
asked to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the residue of the petition, praying for
a grant of land, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pubhc Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
; Lands, to whom was referred the petition of cit-
izens of the city and county of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, relative to the organization of a territorial
government for Arizona, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 204) to provide for
issuing patents in ceitam cases where grants of
the pubhc lands have been made to Congress,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Legislature of
Iowa, presented March ]9, respecting certain land
titles in that State, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, the committee having
already reported a bill on the subject; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refenvd the petition of Robert K. Smith,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims; which was agieed to.
POLICE FOR WASHINGTON CITV.
Mr. PIIOWN, from the Committee on (he Dis-
^ trict of Columbia, who were instructed to inquire
| into the propriety of making provision for an cfti-
, cient police force in Washington city, reported a
j bill (S. No. 232) to establish an auxiliary guard
1 for the protection of public and private property
; in the city of Washington, and repealing all acts
heretofore passed in relation to that subject; which
i was read, and passed to a second reading. He
i also submitted a report on the subject; which was
ordered to bo printed.
! Mr. BROWN. 1 desire to say, in a single
! word-—not to detain the Senate—that there is a
very pressing necessity for the consideration of
this bill; and as it may give rise to some debate,
I give notice now that I shall endeavor to get n
up, and have it considered at an early day next
week. I need not say more than this, because
evei y Senator is as well aware, as I am, of the con-
dition of the city of Washington now, in refer-
ence to its police organization.
UNITED STATES COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved< That the Committee on the Judiciary mqniie
whether any amendments ot the laws rehUiti^ to the taking
of atlulavit;. nndhoidmu to hiiil, so as toenliigc the powers
of eommi-^ionci^, are ncec^ary.
FEES OF MARSHALS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following* reso-
lution; winch wj^ considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Raolrcl, That lb Committee on the 5;> Hear} .';i<;!Mre
whether aiiy iircf^ity cfoi .) tc\ imoii t>r i' c fi"t&
el.uiii? tli; "i LV.Ited >Jtat'_v nuwrhai••
