1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1.
LICENSES OF VESSELS.
■ Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on .Commerce be directed
to'inquire into the expediency of amending section thirty-
seven of the act entitled " An act for enrolling and licensing
ships and vessels in the coastingtrade and fisheries, and for
regulatingthe same," passed February 18,1793.
FAYETTEVILLE ARSENAL.
Mr. BIGGS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested to com-
municate to the Senate the present condition of the United
States arsenal at FayeuevillevNorth Carolina, and whether
the buildings, shops, and machinery, are sufficiently com-
pleted for the construction ofmaierial and munition-of war,
■ and what appropriation, if any, is necessary to put the same
in operation as an arsenal of construction upon the original
plan adapted by Congress.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
.228) making appropriations for certain public
works in the State of Maine; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
229) for the relief of Jane Turnbull; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions. •
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
230) for the relief of the legal representatives of
Daniel Hay, deceased; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. GREEN, asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
231) granting public lands to the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska, to aid in the construction
of railroads in said Territories; which was read
twice by its title, and refened to the Committee
oil Public Lands.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. MASON. I think it would be as well not
to adjourn over.
Mr. JONES. To-morrow is Good Friday, rec-
ollect.
Mr. MASON. I think it would be as well to
defer this motion. A very important measure is
pending in the other House,and it is known will
be acted upon to-day. It may be that the Senate
should be in session, to receive their action,what-
ever it may be.
Mr. JONES. Do you know that to-morrow is
Good Friday?
Mr. MASON. There is no Good Friday in
legislation. It is unknown to legislation.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE FISHER'S REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr CRITTENDEN. Sometime ago, sir, an
act was passed, and afterwards a supplemental
act, for tiig purpose of the adjustment and settle-
ment of the claim of a Mr. Gordon, referring it
for settlement to the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury. For some cause or other, he never acted on
it, and has been prevented from acting by the
chief of the Treasury Depai tmerit. A joint res-
olution has been reported by the Committee on
Indian Affairs for his relief, which I ask may bo
taken up and considered. It will not occupy many
minutes I think of the time of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution, (S. No. 21,) devolving upon the Sec-
retary of War the execution of the act of Con-
gress entitled, " an act supplemental to an act
therein mentioned," approved December 32,1854,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It provides that the duties imposed, or required
to be performed, by the act of Congress entitled
" an act supplemental to an act therein men-
tioned," approved December 22, 1854, including
the act to which it 13 supplemental, shall be trans-
ferred to the Secretary of War, who is to proceed
tie novo to execute the some in their plain and
obvious meaning; with a p-oviso that from any
amount whi'-h may be found just and equitably
due to the legal representatives of George Fisher,
deceased, there shall be deducted all sums which
may have been heretofore allowed and paid by
the United States.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask- for the reading of the re-
port in that case.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman will ob-
serve that this resolution simply transfers the
execution of a law of .Congress from the Second
Auditor, who has been restrained and prevented
from executing it, to the Secretary'of War.
Mr. BIGGS. I cannot see any reason for it.
I want to know the reason. I wish to hear the
report read. . =
The Clerk read the report; but, before he had
concluded,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I can perhaps state, far
the information of the Senate, without being at
the necessity of reading the report at length, the
precise point which is contained in it, and the
reason why the Committee on Indian Affairs re-,
ported this resolution simply transferring the ex-
ecution of the law from the Second Auditor of the
Treasury to the Secretary of War.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to hear the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, the original report,
which I understand is among the papers, denying
the right of these persons to the relief asked for
by them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Guthrie, the late Sec-
retary of the Treasury, makes a report, in which
he states that the act of Congress which was last
passed upon the subject ought not to be executed,
and that the account ought not to be stated and
allowed by the Second Auditor, for the reason, as
Mr. Guthne alleges in his statement, that the tes-
timony rejected for want of authentication had
already been received and acted upon by the De-
partment; but in that respect we are satisfied that
Mr. Guthrie is mistaken, because the certificate
of the Governor of Alabama, authenticating this
evidence, is dated long after the case was acted"
upon by the Second Auditor. There is the affi-
davitofMr. Bibbalso, swearing expressly that the
testimony was rejected, and was not acted upon.
Secretary Guthrie, therefore, fell into a mistake
as to the fact. The present Secretary of the
Treasury is unwilling to open the case and ex-
amine it, for the reason that his predecessor had
decided that it should not be examined by the
Second Auditor. Fie feels himself bound by the
decision of his predecessor, and therefore he is
unwilling to act.
Mr. BIGGS. Will the Senator from Wiscon-
sin permit me to interrupt him for a moment. If
the claimants here have a legal right, have they
not the power to enforce it in the courts? If the
Secretary of the Treasury or the Auditor of the
Treasury refuses to execute this law, have not
the claimants a remedy in the courts?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps in the Court of
Claims the matter might be prosecuted; but I do
not understand that a claim against the Govern-
ment can be prosecuted in any other court.
Mr. BIGGS. If it can be prosecuted in the
Court of Claims, it seems to me it ought to be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims.
M r. DOOLITTLE. The act of Congress pro-
vided 
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator indulge me for
a moment. That seems to involve the rights of
a citizen of Alabama. Am I correct in that ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is the claim of the heirs
of George Fisher, deceased. There is a certificate
of the Governor of Alabama involved in the case,
but whether the parties reside in the State of Al-
abama I am not certain. It may be so.
Mr. CLAY. A gentleman by that name for-
merly resided in my State, and I suppose these
claimants are now citizens of the State. I should
i like to look into the matter, and with that view,
i I move to postpone the joint resolution for the
present. I wish to look into it myself. It is evi-
dent it cannot pass now without opposition, and
I should prefer to let it he over. I move to post-
pone it for the present, and let it come up m its
regular order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to the
postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS. I
; Mr. YULEE. I call for the consideration of
'■ the unfinished business of yesterday, which is the
bill (S. No. 143) in relation to the office of Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Army bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Florida is pending.
Mr. YULEE. If I understand correctly from
the Senator, that it is very desirable to the Gov-
ernment that.the're should be immediate and early
action upon the Army bill which he is pressing,
I shall, of course, give way to his motion.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 313) -to provide one regiment of mounted
volunteers for the defense of Texas,'and to au-
thorize the President to accept the service of four
other regiments of volunteers. *
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas.and nays
on that motion, because I a"m unwilling that the
consideration of the Minnesota bill shall be post-
poned for that measure or for anything else.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. This matter is urged with a
great deal of force by the President and Secretary
of War. They consider it'very essential to the
public service that thequestion should bedecided
either one way or the other, whether additional
troops are to be allowed or not. We have agreed
to adjourn over until Monday, and then the Min-
nesota bill will be in order. That will supersede
the Army bill for days, perhaps, and it may be
the last of next week before we can get up the
Army bill in regular order, if we do not take it
up now. In the mean time, the public business is
suffering for the want of a decision of this ques-
tion, for the President and Secretary of War do
not understand what disposition they are to make
of the present force, until they know whether
Congress is going to allow an additional force or
not. Every day now is worth an ordinary week,
and perhaps more than a week to the Govern-
ment on this question.
Mr. STUART. I am well aware of the im-
portance of this bill; but it is not as important,
in my judgment, as the question of admitting-a
State into the Union that has been applying since
the first of the session. It certainly is in the
power of the Sen'atetd dispose of the Minnesota
bill in a very short time, and the responsibility
is with us; we can do it if we will; and I am un-
willing that so great a matter as the admission of
a State shall be'postponed for any other business.
' Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do hope that my hon-
orable friend from Michigan will withdraw his
opposition to acting on the Army bill. It is not
intended that we shall act finally on the Minne-
sota bill to-day. We know how several days have
been consumed upon it fruitlessly; and surely,
in point of magnitude and public importance, it
can now bear no comparison to tl)e Army bill.
Whether, after such long delays, one or two days
more are to elapse before this State is admitted
or rejected, is a matter of no very great national
consequence. But now, when the country is in a
state of quasi warfare, when we have been asked
for additional military force as necessary for the
occasion, that we should not even let the Execu-
tive know whether we intend to grant this or any
additional force,is a matter of great national conse-
quence. If nothing is to be granted, we ought to let
him know it, so that he may make the best provis-
ion he can with the means he has under his con-
trol; and if we are to grant it, it is full time that we
hail done so, in order to enable him to bring what-
ever force you may allow into the field in time to
be of service to the country. I hope that the call
for the yeas and nays, which was made by my
honorable friend from Michigan, always so judi-
cious and conciliatory as he is, will be withdrawn
on this occasion. At any rate, I hope the Senate
will take such a course as will bring up for con-
sideration the Army bill.
Mr. STUART. So far as I can hear my friend
from Kentucky, I do not think he and I disagree
as to the importance of this measure; but, if 1
understand him correctly, he says that it is not
intended that the Minnesota bill shall pass to-day.
Now, sir, it ought to be intended, and it ought to
pass to-day. There should be no reason against
its passage very soon; and if there is an intention
that it shall not pass, I confess I have an anxiety
to see where that intention is, who entertains it,
what the motive is fur detaining the bill here. I
know it is not au intention which is entertained
