2450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Several Members. " Question," u Question."
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. John Cochrane to the amendment of Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. GARN ETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out these words;
" For contingencies in the mail bervice between New
York and Europe, $120,000,"
The rest of the section is a definite appropria-
tion. The words I propose to strike out are in-
definite. The object is not specified. It is such
an appropriation as ought not to be made. I move
to strike it out, in no spirit of opposition to the
bill, but simply on the ground that all of our ap-
propriations should be specific.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am opposed
to the amendment for the reason I assigned a mo-
ment ago against another amendment; and that
is, I believe, that no good is to be accomplished
by any discussion. I hope the amendment will
be rejected.
The question was taken on Mr. Garnett's
amendment to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I am glad the committee
has ruled these two amendments to be in order,
for the amendment which I propose is of a sim-
ilar character. It is as follows:
Insert after "dollars," in the eleventh line, the follow-
ing:
And for the transportation of the mails fiom New Oilcans
to Bordeaux', via Havana, Bermuda, Kayal, and Hantandei,
and back, there: shall he, and iri hoioby nppropmited. to he
paid every year, lor ten years, out of any moneys m the
Treasury, a sum equal to that herein appropriated lor the
transportation of the mails on either of the ioute?  from New
Yoik to Europe, accouiing to the computed length thereof,
estimating the pay per mile on the route fiom New Orleans
by what may be given to the New York route.
Mr. ENGLISH. I raise a point of order on
tliat amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the decision of the
committee the Chair lules that amendment out of
order.
The question recurrcd on the amendment of
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Scales and
Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
ayes twenty-four—not a majority of a quorum.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. Is it in older, before the
section is concluded, to offer an amendment to
the amendment, to come in in line five?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have
passed that part of the section.
Mr. GARNETT. I believe the nil nig* of for-
mer Chairmen has been, that when a section had
been read it was in order to offer an amendment
to any part of it. AVe are now upon the third sec-
tion, and therefore an amendment to any part of
the section is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will entertain
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
if there be no objection on the part of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SEWARD, i object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the practice of the committee has been, that
when a section is divided into paragraphs, it is
read by paragraphs; and that wnen a paragraph
lias been once read and passed, the committee
cannot return to it again except by unanimous
consent.
The Clerk then concluded the reading of the
bill.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 desire to offer en amend-
ment to the clause providing for the tiansporta-
tion of the mail between Charleston and Havana.
I move to strike out " fifty " and insertone hun-
dred,'5 so that it shall read " one hundred thou-
sand dollars."
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a point of order. That
portion of the section is passed, and an amend-
ment to it is not in order.
The question was put on the amendment, and
the chairman announced that the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. GARNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 propose to continue on the
floor, and make a five-minute speech upon my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman did not
proceed to speak when he offered his amendment,
and the Chair put the question.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman  
Mr. SEWARD. I am entitled to the floor my-
self.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman may address
that side of the House, and I propose to address
this.
Mr. GARNETT. I do not desire to dispute a
question of privilege with the gentleman from
Georgia, an he is very seldom on the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Chairman [Cries of
" Order!''] I am in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is not in order, and the Chair calls him to
order.
Mr. SEWAPvD. I moved an amendment, and
I have a right 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair calls the gen-
tleman to order; and if he cannot preserve order
in committee he will appeal to the House.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to your
doing that.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. Am I not entitled to raise a
question of ordei°
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is; and he
wili state his point of order.
EVIr. SEWARD. My point of order is, thatmy
amendment was not reported or read by the
Clerk, or announced by the Chair to the com-
mittee The Chair put the question precipitately,
and announced the result before any one could
say a word; and I was thereby cut off from say-
ing what I desired. I appeal to the Chair whether
I am not strictly correct ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not re-
member; but he does remember that he was of
the impression that the gentleman from Georgia
did not intend to make a speech, because he saw
no effort whatever on Ins part to do so; whereas,
heretofore, when the gentleman desired to make
a speech, there has been the highest evidence of
Ins desire to do so.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I yield to the de-
cision of the Chair upon that statement. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. GARNETT resumed the floor.
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise to a question of order.
It is, that this bill has been read through, and now
the gentleman from Virginia proposes to go back
to amend a ponton of the bill which has been
passed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know
what the gentleman from V n gmia proposes to do,
and ho will heur the gentleman before lie attempts
to rule upon the point of order.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to amend the sev-
enteenth line by striking out the word " dollars,"
and inserting " cents;" so that it will read—
Tor trun-poiutiori ot the mails across the ISthmua of Pa-
nama. one bundled Uiou.-aml cent
I thought, when. I first rose, that we were con-
sidering the clause contained in the fourteenth and
fifteenth linos. I have offered one or two amend-
ments before. I had one amendment about which
I had consulted with a number of gentlemen in
the ilall, which they approved, and which I
thought important. I desire to have a vote in the
House upon the amendment which I shall indi-
cate before I take my seat. If the committee will
grant me that favor I will be content.
But when the gentleman from Maine rises and
makes objection to amendments, because he thinks
the committee is not in a proper state of mind to
do that which we ought to do, I must say, though
I am as much m favor of adjourning on the 7th
of June as any gentleman, yet I will not agree to
adjourn then, unless the business we undertake
to do is done intelligibly. The amendment which
I desired to offer, and which I now ask consent
to offer, is this*
No contiact ^hall hereaftei he made for the transporta-
tion of the mail b\ ocean steamers on any ioute, toi a com-
pensation (Weoednig Use postal levenucs aeeiums ftom the
tiancpoitation of the tuaiU on Mich lou'e: and All exiting
contract-;. <-up!iIan'iL; foi a d.ffeient o<- laiyer compensation,
shall be tmninaied as f-oon tneir teim^ will permit.
I ask the committee to allow me to move this
amendment m the place of the one I offered when
I first rose, and that it may go to the House, so
that we may have a vote upon it by yeas and
nays.
Mr, RITCHIE objected.
Mr. GARNETT. I withdraw the amendment
which 1 offered.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY" JONES. I have another
small bill, which provides for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the Indians; and with the con-
sent of the committee, I piopose to take it up and
consider it now.
Mr. GARNETT. I move that the committee
rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is upon the floor.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to take up
the bill (H. II. No. 557) making supplemental
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1S59.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I have been here for nine
hours, and 1 am not willing to stay any longer.
I move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. PEYTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
Maynaud were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—;iyes 69, noes 29.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Houston reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly^the bill making ap-
propriations for the transportation of the United
States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1859, and
had directed him to report the same to the House
without amendment; also, that the committee had
had under consideration bill No. 557, and had
■ come to no resolution thereon.
| Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to recommit
i the mail steamer appropriation bill to the Com-
j mittee of Ways and Means; and demanded the
I previous question.
j And then, on motion of Mr. SMITH, of Ten*
i nessee, (at twenty minutes to nine o'clock, p. m.)
! the House adjourned.
j IN SENATE.
! Friday, May 28, 1858.
' Prayer by the Rev. J. M. Wilson.
; The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of the 19th of May, a re-
port of the Secretary of the Navy, information
connected with the arrest of William Walker and
his associates, with copies of the correspondence,
&c., as affoided by the files of that Department;
which, on motion of Mr. Foot, was ordered to
lie on the table; and a motion by him to print it
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in-
formation respecting the appointment of Alexan-
der G. Penn and Emiie La Sere, as disbuismg
jj agents at New Orleans, the natuie of their scr-
i' vices, and the compensation they receive; which,
jj on motion of Mr. Wilson, was ordered to lie
ij on the table; and a motion by him to print it was
j, referred to the Committee on Printing.
\\ He also hud before the Senate a report of the
!, Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
■ | compliance with a resolution of the Senate,inform-
ji ation respecting frauds on the revenue, alleged
to have been committed by a partner in the com-
j| mercial house of Simon de Visser& Jose Villaru-
i! bia, of New Oileans; which was read.
!j Mr. KING. I offered the resolution to which
; j tins communication from the Secretary of the
! Tieasury js a reply. My object was to ascer-
tain whether there was any sufficient grounds to
charge, as was freely done here m debate, upon
!; the officers of the customs, a complicity in those
jj frauds. I am very happy to find that the inves-
!i ligation acquits them. I think it due to them that
