1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2451
it shouid goon the record;and I therefore move
that the communication be printed.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a letter of the chief clerk of the Court of
Claims, returning, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, the bill and papers in the case
of Alexander J. Atocha; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented papers in relation to
the claim of John W. Geary, for the reimburse-
ment of money expended while Governor of the
Territory of Kansas; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented papers in relation to the re-
moval of the offices belonging to the United States,
and occupied in the collection of revenue at the
present quarantine station in the port of New
York, to the new quarantine site; which was re-
feirfd to the Committee on Finance.
jVJ r WADE presented a memorial of the clerks,
messengers, and watchmen of the Washington
navy-yard, praying that an appropriation may he
made to carry out the laws of 1852 and 1854 giv-
ing them twenty per cent, additional pay; which
was icferml to the Committee on Naval Affaiis.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial of Hosea B.
Horn and others, praying for a grant of land on
Green river, in the Territory of Utah, for the pur-
pose of settlement; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the memorial of Jonas P.
Levy, for himself and others who are engaged m
mining operations at the Fed) igal mines, in Mex-
ico, playing that the President may be authorized
to compel the Mexican Government to liquidate
their claims: which was refeired to the Commit-
tee on Formgn Relations
Mr. BRO YVN presented a memorial of the prin-
cipal business men on Pennsylvania avenue, in
Washington city, representing that a railroad
along that avenue is not asked for nor wished by
the great body of the citizens of Washington;
wh'ch was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. PUGH pie.sented the petition of Joseph
Taylor, postmaster at Grans. Ohio, nraying to be
released from responsibility for postage stamps
destroyed hy fire uh'le in lux possession; which
was inferred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Pvoadf*.
He til so pre^ent^d a petition of citizens of New
York, praying that the public lands may be laid
oui in ibrm* or buy of limited size for the free and
exclusive; use of n''tu:d settlers; which was or-
deied to lie on the table.
Mr. RIGLER presented a memorial of the
Magnetic and New England Union Telegraph
Company, in reply to the remonstrance of the
American Telegiaph Company, correcting certain
errors and fallacies of that company, and asking
further legislation hy Congress; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. H AllLAN presented a petition of citizens
of low.', praying for the establishment of a mail
route between Gnnnell and Marietta, in that
State which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Ofiice and Post Pvoads.
PATERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Or(*e->-cr!. "j i;ar t!v petition and paper? of Mary E. Lar-
uarii. he. i-'coimmued to the Committee on Tensions.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Qitlcrs'l, That T'iom;t> Ilatanau have leave to withdraw 1
Ids pennon mid pap.-i".
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was 1
(ir<!crr<K Tn:u the heir= ot' Atuhew Ganltiei. deceased,
have l>3ine to withdraw ti'cir petition and papeis.
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
0i-icrp'K Thru the petition ot" W'ili>on & IVothers, on tlo
flit'* of the Petiate. he referred to the f'omnnuee on Fi-
nance:.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN", from 'mo Committee on In-
dian Allans, to whom was referred a resolution
to compensate Willis A. Gorman,for certain ser-
vices, jeported a bill (S. No. 417) for the relief j
ofWilhs A. Gorman; which was read,and passed !
to a second reading. <
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of citizens of Michigan,
relative to a division of the Indian agency in that
State; and a petition of citizens of Michigan in
favor of granting a homestead to certain mixed-
blood Indians, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 387)
for the better regulation of sales and entries of the
public lands, and to limit the fees of the registers
and receivers at the several land offices, reported
it-without amendment.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the following bills,
reported adversely thereon, and moved that they
lie on the table; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 11) making a grant of land to
the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Keokuk to Fort
Madison, through the southern tier of counties in
said State to the Missouu river;
A bill (S. No. 19) making a grant of lands to
the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from McGregor's
Landing to the western boundary of said State;
A bill (S. No. 33) to authoi izc the State of Iowa
to apply the unsold lands, heretofore granted for
the improvement of the navigation of the Des
Moines river, to the construction of a railroad in
the valley of said nver; ;
A bill (S. No. (>3) making a grant of lands to ,
the State of Iowa, m alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of a vaihoad in said State;
A lull (S. No. 231) granting public lands to the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, to aid in
the construction of railroads m said Territories;
and
A bill (S. No. 236) granting public lands to the
Territory of Kansns for the purpose of construct-
ing ceitam idilroads therein.
Mi. STUART. In reporting back these bills,
I beg leave to state that the committee came to
the conclusion, after an examination of all the
questions involved, that it would not be advisable
at this time to ougmate in the Senate any bills
making grants of land. 1 f any action were taken
by the House of Representatives, as was done in
the last Congress, the committee would consider
such bills.
Mr. STUART also, from the same committee,
to whom weie refened the memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of a homestead to
actual settlers, presented May 15; a petition of
citizens of Albany, New Yoi k, in favor of grant-
inghomesteads to actual settlers, presented March
24; two petitions of citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio,
in favor of granting homesteads to actual settle is,
presented March 29; a petition of citizens of Iiop-
kmsville, Oluo, in favor of granting homesteads
to actual settlers, piesented Febnnny 15; a peti-
tion of cittzcns of West Elk ton, Oluo, in favor of ,
granting honirfrtcods to actual settlcis, presented
March 1; a memorial of the Legislative of low.i,
piaying a grant of land for the McGregor, St.
Peter's,and Missouri railroad,presented February
23; a memorial of the Legislature of Iowa, pray-
ing agrant of land for the McGregor. St. Peter's,
and Missouri railroad, presented December 12; a
memorial of the Legislature of Iowa, piaymga
grant of land to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Fort Dodge to Sioux Falls, piesented
April 2; a memorial of the Legislature of Mis-
souri, praying for a g; ant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad, presented December 17; a
memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, piay-
ing a grant of land to aid m the construction of
the Mineral Point and Portage City railroad, pre-
sented May 10; a memorial of the Mayor and
Board of Common Council of the city of Atchi-
son, pravingaid in the construction of a railroad,
presented April 7; a memorial of the president
and directors of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany, praying an act of incorporation and a grant
of laud, piesented April 8; a memorial of citizens
of Clark county, Missouri, remonstrating against
the appropriation of certain lands fr,r the improve-
ment of the Des Moines river to the construction
of a railroad. presented February 24: a memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of St. Louis, Mis-
souii, that ceiiam lands be iiianudfor the con-
struction of the lLookuk and Fort Des Moines
railroad, presented May 20: a petition of (,kiz> ns
of Burlington, iotva, for aid in liie construction ,
of railroads in Nebraska, presented February 18;
a petition of citizens of Dubuque, Iowa, for aid
in the construction of railroads in Nebraska, pre-
sented January 21; five petitions of citizens of
Iowa, praying for a grant of land to the Mc-
Gregor, St. Peter's, and Missouri river railroad,
presented February 17; a memorial of citizens-of
Iowa Falls, praying for a grant of land to aid in
the construction of railroads west of the Missouri,
presented January 27; a memorial of citizens of
Fort Dodge, Iowa, praying for a grant of land to aid
in the construction of railroads westof the Missou-
ri, presented January 27; two memorials of citizens
of Sioux City, Iowa, praying for a grant of land to
aid in the construction of railroads westof the Mis-
souri, presented February 11; a petition of citizens
of Dubuque, Iowa, for aid to the Territory of
Nebraska, m the construction of a railroad, pre-
sented January 4; a memorial of the Legislature
of Iowa, in favor of restricting the sale of public
lands to actual settlers, presented March 1; a res-
olution of the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of
granting homesteads to actual settlers, presented
March 10; a memorial of citizens of New York,
in favor of granting homesteads to actual settlers,
presented February 9; a memorial of citizens of
New York, in favor of granting homesteads to
actual settlers, presented February 10; a memorial
of citizens of New Yoik, in favor of granting
homesteads to actual settlers, presented April 8;
a petition of citizens of New York and New Jer-
sey, m favor of granting homesteads to actual
settlers, presented February 17; a petition of cit-
izens of New York, of like import, presented
March 29; a petition of citizens of New York, of
like import, presented March 30; a petition of
citizens of New Yoik, of like import, presented
February 1G; a petition of citizens of the United
States, of like import, presented February 8; a
petition of citizens of Terry ville, Connecticut, of
like import, presented February 4; a petition of
citizcns of New York, of like import, presented
February 1; a petition of citizens of New York,
of like import, presented May 11; a petition of
citizens of New York, of like import, presented
May 11; a petition of citizens of Morrow county,
Ohio, of like import, presented February 11; a
memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, pray-
ing a donation of land to the Territory of Ne-
braska, to aid in the construction of railroads,
presented February 24; a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, praying a donation of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad between the State
of Iowa and Sioux City, on the Missouri river,
presented March 3; a memorial of the Legislature
of Iowa, praying a donation of land to the Ter-
ritory of Nebiaska, to aid in the construction of
! a railroad, presented March 1; a resolution of the ,
; Legislature of Iowa, asking a grant of land to a
lailioad between Piairie du Chien andMankato,
piesented Fcbruary 24; a memorial and resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa, relative to a grant of
land for improving the navigation of the Des
Moines river, presented April 1G; four memorials
of citizens of Iowa, praying that land may be do-
nated to aid in the construction of the Keokuk
and Des Moines radroad, presented February 8;
two petitions of citizens of Missouri, against
any change m the application of land gi anted for
the improvement ot the Des Monies river, pie-
sented May 19; a petition of citizens of "Warsaw,
Illinois, against any change m the application of
land granted for the improvement of the Des
Moines river, presented May 21; a petition of
citizens of Missouri, against any change in the
application of land granted for the improvement
ofthe Des Moines river, presented May 3; asked
to be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they lie on the table; which was agtccd
to.
BRITISH AGGRESSIONS.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations have directed me to present a report,
which, with the indulgence of the Senate, as it is
not long, I will read:
The Conimittr,f> on Forenm .Relations, to v. hom way re-
ferred tlu- resolution ot the .Senate instructing them " to in-
quire whethet anv legislation i  necessary to enable the
of the United States to protect American vessels
npnin-t Dntt-.ii agression in the Gulf of Mexico or etee-
ulu ic,"1 and to wlumi ha-aHo Immmi iHVrr<jd Uie message
of ill.: Pie;ki(i.t of the C'-ntei' Hnif, communicating, m
answer to a i evolution of tin1 Semite, information concern
ins the lectin mm roil or seizure of Ameucan ves-sels by for-
cijii ai'm-'! '■,rut.",is in the Cull ot Mevieo, have had tlic
same. mi-Jo* couoideiation, and now report.
