1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Right of Suffrage—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
such question before the Senate. The question
is on striking out these words in lines nine, ten,
and eleven of the second section:
" Which certificates may be transferred on the books of
the Treasury, under such regulations as may be established
by the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. MASON. As the hill stands, it does not
authorize these bonds to be issued as coupon
bonds; but if any holder of the bonds afterwards
asks it or requires it, then the Secretary may make
them coupon bonds to that extent.
Mr. PUGH. That is stricken out.
Mr. MASON. But the object, as I understand,
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler.,]
who moved the amendment, was to make it com-
pulsory on the Secretary to make them coupon
bonds. Now, what will the effect of that be'
Coupons are modern inventions, originating, so
far as I know, in Wall street, New York, for the
purpose of money facilities in the negotiation of
loans. I will tell you what the experience of
Virginia has been. They have issued coupon
bonds latterly, under advice derived from that and
kindred quarters, and the State has been obliged
to pass a law giving authority to the holders of
these coupons, at their request, to have them con-
verted into registered bonds. Why? Because
of the risks of accident in the transmission of
the coupons and the transmission of the bonds.
They are bonds necessarily payable to beater,
and the coupons are payable to bearer. Now,
it may be convenient for mere money dealers to
hold bonds of that kind, and to collect their in-
terest in that sort of way, but it is inconvenient
to others who make permanent investments to
have their principal and their inteiest both sub-
jected to tile risk of loss by transmission, or loss
by fire m their own houses, I think it not at all
improbable, though I do not profess to be at ail
verged m finance, that to the extent that these
bonds maybe held in Europe, if they are coupons,
it will stand in the way of that, because it will be
necessary either to leave the bonds here in the
hands of some agent to collect the interest at the
end of every six months, or it will be necessary
to incur the risks of transmission across the sea
to have it collected.
But what object can there be in making it man-
datory on the Secretary to give those securities
that form, that may be acceptable in some quarters,
objectionable ill others, when the bill proposes to
leave it discretionary with him? Sir, I distrust
the money-dealers, the men whose whole occupa-
tion and pursuit in life is to deal in money, and
nothing but money. I distrust their whole scheme
and their whole plan. It is the purpose of the
Secretary of the Treasury, as the officer of the
Government, to do this business in such a way
as will best mute to the interest of the Govern-
ment; and I can see no reason for placing him in
the power of men who are mere money-dealers,
requiring him to issue coupons in such a way as
will answer the ends of that invention. I can see
no reason of pulley or propriety in it.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The amendment made in Committee of the
"Whole was concurred in. >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is still
another portion of the amendment of the Com-
mittee of the Whole, which is to insert at the end
of line three, section two—
With c'iu{.mih for the semi animal interest attached to
the certificate? of stock thus created.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 wish to propose an amend-
ment to this bill that will require some explana-
tion; and I should like to lay it over until to-mor-
row, as I anr unwell.
Mr. DOOLITTL12. If the honorable Senator
will give way, I will move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed'to.
Mi. SIMMONS. I will submit the amend-
ment. It is to come after the fifth section. I be-
lieve some of the sections are stricken out, and
they will have to be numbered again. I propose
to add to the end of the bill, the sections which I
eend to the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that that
amendment will give rise to a discussion which
cannot be concluded to-night, and I propose that
the amendment be printed, and that we then ad-
journ. I move to dispense with the reading of
the amendment, and that it be printed; which I
shall then follow with a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment is printed.
It is a bill introduced by the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is very much altered from
the original bill. It wants printing.
Mr. HUNTER. There will be a question of
order to decide, and I think we may as well de-
cide that to-night at any rate. ["No!" "No'!"]
This is a bill to increase the rates of duty.
Mr. SIMMONS. Not at ail; not in the slight-
est degree. There is no rate of duty in it.
Mr. HUNTER. This bill proposes to assess
the rate of duty, as I understand. If the Sena-
tor says it is not, I shall wait to hear him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves to dispense with the reading
of the amendment, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
RIGHT OF SUFFRAGE.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN KELLY,
OP NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
May 24, 1858.
The Hou-e being in tile Committee of the Whole on the
stale ut tile Union-
Mr. KELLYsaid:
Mr. Chairman: When the bill to admit Minne-
sota was before the House for discussion, a few
days since, I sought the floor for the purpose of
presenting my reasons why it should be admitted
as a State; and in my preliminary opening, 1 stated
to the House that I intended to direct my remarks
to that provision in the bill which gives to aliens
who have declared their intentions to become citi-
zens the right of suffrage, and to discuss the ben-
efits accruing to the country from that provision
of the bill; but being interrupted by gentlemen
upon technical points of order, and ruled out
of order by the Speaker on the ground that I was
not confining my remarks to the merits of the bill,
I had to succumb to the decision of the Chair. I
could not, at that time, nor can I now, compre-
hend the force of the Speaker's reasoning on the
occasion referred to. But, sir, I conceited it my
duty to forego my convictions on the issue in dis-
pute, and to seek another opportunity to give my
views, not only on the bill itself, but on matters
relal 1 ve thereto, which were pertinent to that bill.
Mr. Chairman, at the eaiiy part of this session,
it will be recollectcd that the honorable gentleman
fiom Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] introduced a
bill on the subject of our naturalization laws; and
ata latcrperiod a resolution was submitted by the
honorable member from Tennessee, [Mr Zolli-
coffer,] which passed this House, relating to
foreign paupers and criminals. The bill from the
Senate for the admission of Minnesota has en-
countered , and will encounter, much opposition
on the partof certain gentlemen, because of what
is known ill its constitution as tl\e clause giving
to aliens the rightof sufli age, under cerlain limit-
ations. These tlnee measures, although differing
m their character and details, and, I will also add,
differing essentially in regard to their merili, have
presented a topic which has been fruitful of dis-
cussion in this Hall and elsewhere, and on which
I now propose to offer a few general remarks—I
mean, sir, the expediency of making any funda-
mental change in our naturalization laws as they
now exist on the statute-book. So far as this
question affected the Minnesota bill, I will merely
I'emerk in passing, that I am too muck of a State-
rights man to violate the integrity of State sover-
eignty by going behind the constitution which the
people of that Territory present to Comrress, if I
find it to be republican in its character, and in ac-
cordance with "the simple requirements prescribed
by the Constitution of the United States. It is
for the people of Minnesota, or any other State
of this Union, (in the legal mode of expressing its
sovereign will,) to grant the rights of its elective
franchise, oi any other rights pertaining to its
sovereignty as an independent State, as it may deem
most expedient and proper. That is a right which •
I, sir, would not violate by subjecting it to the
caprice or tyranny of any foreign sovereignty-,
either State or Federal. If such a question should
arise in the State of New York, as a citizen of
that State I would express my opinion, and,take
a part in its decision; but I cannot, and never will
I, sanction by any act or vote of mine, the power
of Congress to erect a Star-Chamber tribunal, be-
fore which to arraign the independent sovereign-
ties (which constitute us the great Republic of the
earth) for the manner in which they may each
choose, in its own view of what is best for its in-
terests and prosperity, and according to law, to
exercise its own inalienable and reserved prerog-
atives, especially as respects the qualifications of
its own citizens.
Admit the principle to-day in regard to Minne-
sota, and our southern friends will spon improve
the precedent by arraigning before the bar of this
House the constitution of my own State, because
it confers the right of voting on colored gentle-
men, under a property qualification. The prece-
dent will also boused in a similar way of usurped
authority against Massachusetts and other free
States that have special legislation on the subject,
and it may be converted into an engine of op-
pression, caprice,or tyranny,in its application to
the slave, as well as to the free States of this Con-
federacy. Entertaining these views in regard to
the alien clause of the Minnesota constitution, I
must confess that it was not without surprise as
well as disappointment, that I listened to the
speech of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Gar-
nett.] He felt it to be a great hardship, that he
and his colleague, who represented two hundred
thousand constituents, should have less power in
this body ihan the new State with her three Rep-
resentatives, sent here by her hive of aliens and
half-blood Indians Sir, this slur upon Minne-
sota was unmerited, and comes with a very bad
grace from the Representative of a State, that has
carried its notions of State-rights as far, at least,
as any other member of this Confederacy.
If the gentleman has a right to dictate to Min-
nesota the genealogical and probationary qualifi-
cations of her citizens, by a parity of reasoning
I ha\e a right to ask the gentleman howmany ne-
groes there are among his one hundred thousand
constituents, and why their rights to be repre-
sented on this floor are paramount to those of the
industrious, hard-toiling emigrant, or the civilized
and resident half-blood, who is "to the manner
bornThis objection weais a novel, and 1 must
be permitted to s,iy, a rather suspicious aspect
coming from a Virginian statesman, and I trust
that it 13 not ominous of "coming events" in that
staunch stronghold of Democracy, the Accomac
district. The fling at the aboriginal voter (the
Indian half-breed) conies with a bad grace from
the Representative ofaState whose proudest fam-
ilies trace back their heraldry to the English
emigrant, Rolfe, and measure their nobility by
the proportion of the blood of Pocahontas that
courses through their veins.
This alien clause in the Minnesota constitution
is a two-edged sword, which the gentleman from
Virginia ought to handle with care.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman] also
arrays himself ill opposition to this bill, and
while he disclaims for the Black Republican party
a concurrence in his sentiments, he would wish
us to consider that be speaks only for himself.
Tins is a new plank in the Black Republican plat-
form, and it is proper that the gentleman's party
should receive a share, at least, of the benefits
of its discovery. He is one of their recognized
spokesmen and champions, and I wish it to be
known in Indiana, in Michigan, in Illinois, and
other western States, where citizenship and pro-
gress are synonymous terms, and the spirit of
fanaticism is not permitted to obtain a foothold.
But is there not something significant ill the
very emphatic manner m which the gentleman
from Ohio assured the House that, in his objec-
tions to the suffiage clause of the Minnesota con-
stitution, he spoke only his own views, and not
those of any other parties or persons? Who are
the parties or persons for whom he made this spe-
cial disclaimer? It was not for State-rights men,
of any of the parties into which this House is
