1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
Mr. POLK. I am very much like the Senator
from Ohio. 1 do not want to vote more volunteers
than the Administration wants; but I should like
to be very well satisfied that it will only want
three regiments instead of the five proposed by
the bill as it stands.
Mr. HUNTER They have standing author-
ity, I believe, to call out the militia if they should
need them. The Senate expressed its opinion
before, after long debate, that three regiments
would be sufficient; and the Military Committee
proposed an increase of the regular Army to the
amount of three regiments. I have no doubt they
acted on proper information.
Mr. POLK. I wish information to guide my
own vote. I know what the Senate did; and it
was not done in accordance with my judgment.
My judgment has not varied all the way through.
I am now for the whole number called for in the
bill, if the Administration wants authority to raise
that many regiments; but if the Administration
says that "two regiments in addition to the Texas
regiment are all it wants authority to raise, then I
am willing to give no more.
Mr. IVERSON. I am not authorized to speak
for the Administration on this question; I have
had no conference with the President and Secre-
tary of War as to the number of regiments re-
quired. The President and Secretary both told
me, in casual conversation, that they were con-
tent to take the bill as it came from the House,
and that they desired the passage of that bill.
I understand, from the Senator from Virginia,
that they are content to take three regiments in-
stead of five; and can get along with that number.
The Administration will be satisfied if Congress
give them the three. As they are satisfied with
that number, I am not disposed to go beyond that.
I only speak on my own personal responsibility,
however, not as the organ of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that it is ne-
cessary to say much on this subject, and I am not
disposed to occupy any time unnecessarily. If I
understood the honorable Senator from Georgia,
he said that, if volunteer companies could be pro-
cured, such as are enrolled in the towns and
cities, they would be qualified, peihaps, as well as
regulars, to discharge this duty. Now, sir, just
look to the probability of volunteers of any de-
scription being immediately prepared for service.
Those volunteers are not m the habit of muster-
ing more than fifty-two times in a year; so that a
daily habit of mustering for twenty-six days m suc-
cession would qualify them as well as the lifty-two
days in the course of the year that they have been
drilled; and men of any degree of aptitude, m the
course of twenty-five or thirty days, will not only
understand the manual and the step, but they will
understand the evolutions of companies anu regi-
ments iemarkably well, and so as to render them
perfectly efficient.
The honorable Senator from Georgia further
said, they would do very well to gftard (rains,
and such like matters, but they would not do for .
war. Why, sir, that is a very strange notion.
I believe that in all our wars, from the Revolu- }
tion down to this day, the grandest achievements j
have been made J)y the militia or by volunteers, j
The army of the United States in the Revolution
was nothing more than an army of volunteers.
The regulars are mustered for a ceitain period;
but if they have careful and intelligent officers to
drill them, they are as well prepared for all the
duties of a soldier in six months, as they are at
the expiration of their five years' service, except j
as regards economy in the detads of living and
camp police. The Senator from Georgia says
that these volunteers will do to guard the trains.
I take it that will be one of the most important
matters connected with the Mormon war. The
trains will be in great danger, foi if the Mormons
have any sagacity, their first effort will be to cut
00'the supplies of the Army, to deprive them of
transportation, and thus render them inefficient.
If they succeed in this, the Army will be at once
at their mercy. It will require the greatest de-
gree of vigilance, adroitness, and capacity to pro-
tect the trains. You can as well go into action
with volunteers, after they have been drilled for
thirty days, as you can with the regiments of the
regular Army now in Utah, or that will be there.
Employ these two regiments as you please, and
I guaranty, fiom the composition that they will
be formed of, that thoy will be the most efficient
troops in the field whether you bring them in con-
tact with an enemy, or whether you employ them
in other service. They will excel in the celerity
of their movements, the activity of their discip-
line, their indomitable valor; and in the shock of
battle they will sustain themselves as well as any
men can do.
But, sir, I cannot helieve that there will be a
necessity for more than two regiments besides the
one which you propose to provide for Texas.
Give to Texas one regimentof rangers, well sup-
plied, and well armed, and Texas can dispense
with every regular soldier within her limits, or,
at any rate, she would not require more than
fifty men at each post which the Government has
established there. You will, then, have two
thousand men to dispose of, and you can add
them to the army in Utah. The Government will
then have an Army of fifteen thousand regulars,
officers and men, who can all be directed to one
point if necessary, except the few who will be
required to occupy the fortifications. I am satis-
fied that, in addition to this number, two regi-
ments of volunteers will be sufficient for the oc*
casion. I do not mean to offer any speculations
as to what the Government ought to do, or to
suggest any course in regard to the conduct of
the campaign. I have no doubt of the compe-
tency of the Administration and its constitutional
advisers to suggest and pursue a proper course.
I apprehend that there will be difficulty in Utah,
and I should be very glad to see provision made
for defending the train by this light corps of vol-
unteers. 1 think it will conduce to the success of
the campaign; for if they are not efficient and suc-
cessful in giving security to the trains, it will be
a most disastrous campaign. None can do it if
they cannot.
Let not the Senator from Georgia say that these
volunteers will be inefficient and worthless men
brought from cities. Sir, those are not the men
wlio can equip themselves and go into this ser-
vice; they are not the men who will be received;
but they arc the very men who would compose
a regular army. I am in favor of two regiments
of volunteers. I have no doubt they will give to
the projected war all the efficiency that can be
given by an equal number of men, whether vet-
erans, lobulars, or any new levies that you can
make of any description of troops.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Geor^in, tho acting chairman of the
Committee on Military AlTurs, whether two re-
giments in addition to the Texas regiment are all
that the Administiation deem necessary for the
service?
Mr. 1VERS0N. I have just remarked that I
cannot speak the sentiments of the Administra-
tion on the subject. 1 hav had no conveisation
with them about it. 1 explained a little while
njv-o—the Senator probably did not hear me—[Mr.
Douglas. I did not.]—that in a conversation
with the Secretary of VVar he indicated to me a
desire that the bill of the House of Represent-
atives should pass. We only spoke then of the
general terms of the bill authorizing volunteers.
We did not speak specifically of the number of
regiments. 1 understand since, however, that the
Senator from Virginia has had some conversation
with the President, or some membei of the Ad-
ministration, and that they are content with two
regiments.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is the Senator from Virginia
authorized to give us an assurance that two will
be satisfactory?
Mr. HUNTER. I am not authorized to give
any assurance. I move the amendment on my
own responsibility.
Mr. IVERSON. Perhaps 1 went too far in
quoting the Senator from Virginia. I did not
suppose it a matter of any consequence, and there-
fore I felt authorized in stating what 1 did.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to give whatever
force is necessary. The object or my inquiry
was simply to ascertain that lact.
The question being taken on Mr. Hunter s
amendment by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 28,
nays 14; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Benjamin. Bigs'. Bigler, Brodorick,
Blown, Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Ciav. Doohttle, Dur«cee,
Pessendcn, Fitzpatrick. Fo^tci, Hale. Hamlin, Houston,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson ot len-
ncsGoe, King, Mason, Pearee, Seward, Shdell, Trumbull,
and Wade—'2^
NAYS — Mo.-srs. Allen, Crittendf-n, Douglas, Evan?,
• Fitch, Gicea, Jone*. Polk, Push, tleha&tian, Stuart, Thorn-
j i.on of New Jersey,'Wright, and Yulee—14.
j So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGII. I now move my amendment in
section five, line three, to strike out the word
u regiment" and insert " company."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to inquire
what the effect of that will be on the field officers ?
By whom will the field officers of the regiments
be appointed then ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The section will be read as amended. The Clerk
will read the section as proposed to be amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The volunteers provided for by this act shall not be ac-
cepted m bodies ot' less than one "company, whose officers
shall be appointed m the manner prescribed by law m the
several States or Territoues to which said regiments shall
respectively belong."
Mr. IVERSON. I trust that amendment will
not be adopted. The effect of it will be to in-
terfere entirely with that provision in the fifth
section which provides for the selection of field
officers. The provision is that the field officers
shall be appointed according to the laws of the
States from which the regiments come. The va-
■ rious States have difFerent modes of electing field
i officers. In some States they are appointed by
I the Governors; in others they are elected by the
! regiments themselves. If this amendment of the
; Senator from Ohio be adopted, suppose you have
j a regiment of ten companies, and each one comes
; from a different State, by what law are you to se-
| lect the field officers? One company comes from
; a State where the law prescribes a particular mode
j of electing field officers, and another company
! comes from a State where a different mode is
: prescribed, and so on. You will introduce con-
| fusion; and you cannot have any mode by which
, you can elect field officers if you accept the vol-
I unteers in companies. The most convenient plan
! is to take them in regiments. Let a regiment
j come from a Srate, that State has laws by 'which
field officers are elected; and then no difficulty can
ensue, but the officers will be elected according to
the laws of that State.
If you take this amendment, there may not be
any law applicable to the election of the field offi-
cers of the regiments, and it will devolve on the
President to appoint them. The volunteers do
not wantofficers appointed by the President; they
desire to have the election of their own officers,
or to have them selected by the Governor of their
; State—men who come from amongst themselves;
| who feel with them; who associate with them;
i who understand their feelings and wishes. It is
! better that they should select their own field offi-
cers, men in whom they have confidence, than
; that they should have officers appointed over them
j by a stranger. Here comes o e company from
j Georgia, another from South Carolina, another
■ from New York, and another fiom Pennsylvania.
- They arc put together m a regiment—thrown to-
i gether by the Secretary of War into aiegiment—
| all strangers to each other, and knowing nothing
! about the officers who are to command the com-
i parties. They know nothing of the candidates
| who will present themselves for field offices, and
i great confusion must necessarily ensue. Cut if a
i whole regiment is taken from a State, and they
elect their own field officers, they will actunder-
standmgly when they come to elect their officers;
and I thmk that is much the best provision.
Mr. PUGH. One of these regimfnts, it will be
observed, is to l£ confined to the State of Texas,
and therefore, as to that, no difficulty will occur.
All officers there, field officers and company of-
ficers, must be elected according to the lav/ of the
State of Texas. The section confines the mounted
company to the State of Texas. Then the only
! question occurs as to the two other regiments.
! Mark my prediction: if you take two other regi-
ments of volunteers into the service, you will
never have the whole of a regiment at any one
| place at one time; and you do not need any field
j officers for them; they are wholly immaterial and
| useless. The volunteers will be used in battalions
| of two, three, or four companies; and the senior
; captain will command. If you were going into
; a war like the Mexican war, where you required
i from ten to twenty, or thirty thousand troops in
' the field, you would use whole regiments at once;
but when you ask that there shall be simply two
: regiments to be used for this service, neither of
