390
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Right of Suffrage—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
divided, for they stand upon principles which are
too firmly bedded in the Constitution to be shaken
by every wind of doctrine that comes from the pes-
tiferous region of fanaticism or expediency. We
fear no traitors in the noble band of conservative
patriots who belong to the State-rights school.
They will not invade the sanctity of State sover-
eignty. It is not likely that the disclaimer was
put forth on behalf of the self-styled Americans;
oecause it would be needless, inasmuch as we
know what their views are upon the subject of
alien suffrage and Democratic suffrage, and even
upon constitutions and laws when they stand inl
the way of modern Americanism. Besides, 1 have j
always given the gentleman from Ohio the credit
of not being recognized as authority on subjects
connected with the Know Nothing ritual. My
great respect for the gentleman may have led me
to do him more justice in that regard than he is
in reality entitled to. Still, X think it is clear he
did not make his disclaimer on behalf of the Know
Nothing party. There is, therefore, no difficulty
in pointing to those for whoso especial benefit the
declaration was made. The Black Republicans
wish to kill the Minnesota bill, but they are, for-
sooth, the peculiar friends of the foreign-born cit-
izen. Theirleadersall profess this ardent affection
for them when their rights are assailed, or their
privileges are endangered—especially before elec-
tions. They are, therefore, in a dilemma-, and the
gentleman from Ohio throws himself into the
breach as a martyr to Black Republican integrity.
Mr. GOOCH. Will the gentleman give way
for a question ?
Mr. KELLY. I will.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman proposes to have
the doctrines of the gentleman from Ohio ingrafted
upon the Republican platform. I would ask him
if he intends to have the doctrines of the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Gannett] ingrafted
upon the Democratic platform?
Mr. KELLY. No, sir; the gentleman from Vir-
giniaackuowledg^d here that he was speaking for
himself.
Mr. GOOCH. Did not the gentleman from
Ohio do the same thing5
Mr. KELLY. The action since taken by the
Republican party in relation to that bill satisfies
me perfectly that they did not want to admit Min-
nesota at all.
Mr. GOOCH. I would like to ask the gentle-
man by what rule it is that a gentleman of the
Democratic party speaks purely for himself when ;
he claims so to speak; whilst a member of the j
Republican party cannot speak purely for him- j
self when claiming to do so?
Mr. KELLY. If the action of the Democratic j
party had been in consonance with the views ex- ^
pressed by the gentleman from Virginia, it would i
nave been another thing; but the action of the J
Republican party was in consonance with the i
opinions expressed by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. PALMER. 1 would ask how the Repub-
licans voted on the Minnesota bill? I think a
majority of them voted for it.
Mr. KELLY. That is tiue; but after they
were forced into that position, and not befoie. '
It is a very singular fact that when the final vote
was taken upon the admission of Minnesota, a
great number of gentlemen, who were prominent
in their opposition in the preliminary stages, all
of a sudden changed over. Now, what brought
that about I am unable to say, unless it was that
they were afraid to put their names on the record
against it.
Their method of defeating the admission of Min-
nesota lemmds me of the patriotic Quaker in the
early settlement of the American colonies. His
settlement was very much exposed to a band of
fierce and hostile Indians, who frequently stole his
property,and had killed one or two of inssettlers.
He had made up his mind to retaliate by exterm-
inating his dangerous neighbors, but the ritual of
Ins creed forbade the shedding of blood. He had
a stout, active, serving man, whose assistance he
invoked. He asked him what he would do if he
had the savages in his power. " Why, cut the !
rascals' throats," was the answer. " Well, have '
thee a j:ood knife," said the master, " and meet
me at five in the morning." In the morning they
met as appointed, and the Quaker thus addressed
his man: "Thee will sec wicked woik to-day:
the settlers are going out against the Indians, and
thee may accompany me, as we may have an op-
portunity of doing some good. Thee knows I
cannot shed blood, nor could I ever be guilty of
so great a crime; but as the savages might not
recognize me as a man of peace, and might attack
me, I will take my big club in my hand, and thee
must keep right close to me all day." Off they
went to the unsuspecting wigwams; and when
the fight began the Gtuaker could be seen with his
club brandishing about him right and left, and
every Indian the master knocked down the man
behind him dispatched by cutting his throat. This
is the way in which the Black Republican party
proposes to kill off the alien, and get rid of the
bill to admit Minnesota. The gentleman from
Ohio will merely club the alien voters, shove aside
the citizen of foreign birth, and his friends will be
at his back to cut the throat of Minnesota. Their
former votes on the enabling act show this to be
so. Wc can account for their present hostility
to the admission of Minnesota on no other ground
than hostility to it because of alien suffrage, and
their unwillingness to abandon those Know Noth-
ing patriots who clung to their cause with so much
fidelity, and, I fear, at great sacrifice at home,
during the contest which was just closed by the
admission of Kansas.
If this is a new dogma in the Black Republican
creed, the country should know it; the Demo-
cratic partyshould know it; and I am determined
the adopted citizen shall know it; because they
have resorted to every blandishment, every art,
every inducement, to shake the unswerving loy-
alty of that class of our citizens; in which they
have been, so far, signally unsuccessful, if we
except a handful of their natural allies, the Red
Republicans of our large cities 
Mr. BLISS. As my colleague [Mr. Sherman]
is not now hero, I would like to say for him that
the alien-suffrage clause of the constitution formed
not the chief ground of his opposition to it. It
was only a minor objection with him; and, were
that the only one. I think, though I know not,
that he would have voted for the bill. The prin-
cipal grounds of opposition, as he expressed in
his speech, were the irregulaulies and violations
of law in forming the constitution. 1 say that for
him. For myself and the Republicans generally,
so far as 1 know their views, I say that they had
no opposition to the bill on that ground.
Mr. KELLY. I do not design to discuss that
matter any further. There was ceit.unly a desire
evinced by many of the Black Republicans to defeat
that bill when it was before the House. Whether
it was because the alien suffrage clause was in the
bill, I cannot say; but I am strongly inclined to
the opinion that that was the cause of the oppo-
sition of some of them, at least. Now, the mem-
bers ofihe Democratic party, with one or two ex-
ceptions, voted for the bill from the beginning to
the end. You wit) recollect, sir, that when the
enabling act was before the la^t Congress, many
gentlemen on the other side of the House changed
their votes, and voted against that bill, because it
contained a clause permitting aliens to vote.
Mr. BLISS. Unnaturalized aliens.
Mr. KELLY. Allow me to say further, that
I have never yet heard it asserted or maintained
by any foreigner that he desired the right of suf-
frage, or any other privilege to which he was not
entitled under the Constitution of the United
States. The only reason why these new Terri-
tories give the right of suffrage to aliens is as an
inducement to foreigners to go to those Territo-
ries, so that they maybe filled up, and may grow
rich by the development of their labor and settle-
ment. Aliens have never memorialized nor peti-
tioned Territorial Legislatures for the suffrage
privilege; it is their own voluntary act, induced
by reasons most beneficial to their future growth
and prosperity.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, it strikes me
that the erroneous statements which my colleague
has made have arisen from the fact that he in-
tended to speak before the debate and vote weie
hadon the admission of Minnesota. If he had lis-
tened to that debate, he would, m my judgment,
have discovered that the great argument made
against the alien clause in the constitution of Min-
nesota was made by thegenLleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Smith,] a distinguished member of the
Democratic party; and when the vote was taken,
he would have seen that a great majority of the
Republican party voted for the admission of Min-
nesota, and many of those who did not do so
placed their opposition to it on other grounds
than the alien-suffrage clause.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like, before the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Palmer] takes
his seat, to ask him a question for my own in-
formation, and the information of those with whom
I am associated. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether we are to understand that the Republican
party—or, in common parlance, the Black Repub-
lican party—to which the gentleman belongs, is m
favor of or opposed to extending the right of suf-
frage to unnaturalized aliens?
Mr. PALMER. I cannot speak for the Re-
publican party, or, to use the gentleman's classic
and elegant phrase, the Black Republican party.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is not my expression.
Mr. PALMER. It is not mine. I am not in
the habit of using epithets, or calling names; but,
sir, for the whole session I have sat here and lis-
tened to these epithets of opprobrium coming
from gentlemen of the slave States, and I will hear
them no longer without throwing them back again.
Now, sir, m regard to the question. For myself,
I do not agree to the doctrine that unnaturalized
aliens should be entitled to the rights of suffrage
in this country; and I do not understand that the
Republican party accedes to that doctrine; but I
do not undertake to speak for them.
Mr. KELLY. With these brief remarks on the
question of alien suffrage in Minnesota, I will ad-
dress myself to the main question presented by the
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky. Do
the naturalization laws require amendment ? The
gentleman says they do; and proposes, among
other things, to extend the term of probation fiom
five to hventij-onc years. This is a tangible prop-
osition. It has body, substance, and age, to rec-
ommend it, even if it be devoid of liberality or
merit; and yet, I think the gentleman deviates
somewhat from his characteristic liberal spirit of
justice in not adding a few years more, so as to
make it exactly twenty-jive. This would at least
have the merit of being more just; for then no
foreigner coming to our country would be com-
pelled to bear arms in defense of the nation, or take
part in its future wars. His citizenship would
begin at the very period when the laws would
exempt him from military service. This would
be the legal effect of the extension proposed by
those who think, with the friends of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that the period of probation
should run withm a few years of a quarter of a
century.
But, sir, may I be allowed to ask what is the
object of such an extension? Is it to prevent
future emigration to this country; and, as a con
sequence, to divert it to other lands? To some
extent lids object is already attained. I cut the
following evidence of the fact from a late Massa-
chusetts paper:
<vA great numbei of Irish are now emigrating to California
and Australia. One day last week theie quite an ex-
citing *ec*ne at the eastern depot in Salem, Maadachubctti,
when serei/i! took their departure, and in some of the cases
the paiun« of ft lends was veiy affecting. Some eight or ten
recently leit Newinnyport lor the gold regions, anil a Law-
rcnce paper ^ays iij.it hundred* and perhaps thousands of
people aie prep.mng to leave thai city—those who have the
means intending to go to California."
Or is it to create among us a large dissatisfied,
discontented, and consequently dangerous class,
to whom citizenship is almost absolutely and
completely denied ? Is it not to turn away from
our shores the tide of emigration, and say, in so
many words, to the stout hearts and strong hands
that seek to throw off old Europe's thraldom,
" Stranger, return upon thy ocean parh ;
Here sweeps the flood of patriotic wrath ?"
Shall we say, come as helots; but not as citi-
zens? The question is soon answered. Thiscoun-
try is not yet ready to reject the hardy and in-
dustrious emigrant. The policy of our fathers
must still be our policy. The natural increase of
our people does not augment our population rap-
idly enough to utilize our vast territory. Not only
is the wide West calling upon the hardy sons of
toil—men to break prairies, level the forest, work
the mines of wealth yethidden in that unexplored
country; but Virginia, too, " the Old Dominion,"
