1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
the regiments will ever be used as an entirety. Ii
you use them to garrison posts, they will be in
detachments of two or three companies each. If
you use them on the march, they will be m bat-
talions of two companies, three companies, or five
companies—you cannot tell; and if you take them
to the field, it is perfectly immaterial whether they
have a field officer there, because they will be
commanded by a general or by a colonel of the
regular Army. The fact is, if you are only going
to call for two regiments of volunteers, you do
not want a single field officer for them; and you
might just as well save that expense. You will
have better troops, because you will have a wider
field to select from; you will open the rivalry to
all the States. Let them all offer a company, or
two companies apiece, as the case may be.
As I said before, if you were going to make a
large call for ten thousand volunteer troops, it
would be material to consider field officers. As
it is at present, I do not think there is any use for
field officers for these two regiments. You might
as well save their pay and expense. Therefore,
my proposition is that as to these two additional
regiments, besides the Texas regiment, you call
for them in companies, and you will have twenty
companies. That is all there is of it. You can
use them in companies, and they will be so used;
especially, if, as the Senator says, they are to
guard trains, take my word for it, they will be
divided into battalions of two or three companies
each.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. We now see
the effcct of the amendment which was offered
by the Senator from Virginia, and adopted by the
Senate. That amendment was to restrict the ad -
ditional force to two regiments, thus striking off
two regiments from those provided for by the bill
of the House of Representatives. Immediately
upon the adoption of that, the Senator from Ohio
offers a proposition which disjoints the entire bill.
It may amuse the Senator. 1 do not know, nor
do I care.
Mr. PUQFT. I am amused at tiie Senator's
idea that I have disjointed the bill. I mean noth-
ing disrespectful (o him.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Docs not this
proposition disjomtthe hill? If this amendment
be adopted, I should like to know how field offi-
cers are to be provided for these regiments 3 It
cannot be done if you stick to the volunteer sys-
tem upon which this bill is based. The Senator
is the great advocate of the volunteer system, and
yet he proposes an amendment under which, of
necessity, the field officers must be appointed by
the President, thus abandoning the volunteer sys-
tem, in part. Therein lies the secret at the bot-
tom of all this trouble. It is that those who rep-
resent each State want a part of this pitiful pub-
lic patronage, thfit is to result from calling the
volunteers from their own section. That this
may be done, it is now proposed to prevent the
Government from receiving volunteers in regi-
ments, and restrict them to companies. Then the
President may be required by gentlemen in this
body, and the other House, to receive a company
from this State, and a company from that. When
you so receive them, where arc you to rendezvous
thorn ? At what point are you to concentrate them?
When these companies all get together, how
arc they to clect their officers? They cannot do
it. It is palpable that you must change the whole
character of the bill, if this amendment be adopt-
ed, or else, what is worse, defeat the Army bill.
The Senator from Ohio, wl*b, I believe, did
more than any other man, certainly as much
as any one to defeat the Aimy bill whetrit was
here before, now proposes to destroy it in this
way. When he produces that state of things
and gives the Executive the patronage of appoint-
ing these officers, which he must do, for he has
no regular laws under which he can appoint them,
the bili must be sent back to the House of Rep-
resentatives, even if you pass it here, and be re-
jected there, so that the Government will not be
supported in carrying on this war in any way
whatever. Thus the bill will fall between the
two Houses, and the responsibility must then rest
with Congress of refusing to sustain the Execu-
tive in carrying on a public war, which is now ex-
isting; for if it be not a declared war we know the
fact to be that hostilities are existing. Then the
executive department will be shielded from the
responsibility of what they may do in regard to
this matter, and throw it upon Congress. They I
will be able to throw on Congress the responsi-
bility of having refused to extend to them that }
reasonable support which has been constantly ;
called for, and which the facts and documents j
laid before us show to be necessary. j
I hope the Senatorfrom Ohio will notinsistupon i
his amendment. If he does, and it be adopted, I
think the best thing the Senate can do, will be to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and have it so framed that it shall present
some kind of unity. Ifthisamendmentbeadopted
the bill will be very defective, and it will contain
a provision that will prevent its passage in the
House of Representatives. I believe we did wrong
in adopting the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia, reducing the number of regiments. I
consented to it, but I had no idea at the time
that it was to be followed by a motion like this,
providing for receiving single companies, and in
effect abandoning the volunteersystem, or at least
that portion of the system which took away Ex-
ecutive patronage, to which I have no objection.
If the Senator insists on this amendment, I shall
move to reconsider the vote adopting the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, so that the
Executive may have it in his power to call for four
regiments, and take them from whatever quarter
he pleases. I am willing to leave that matter in
the discretion of the Executive. The bill docs
not require him to call out those regiments, and I
would leave with him the responsibility of de-
termining how many to call out. I think, there-
fore, it would be better to leave him authority to
call out four regiments, as the bill of the House
of Representatives provides. 1 believeso sincerely;
and if the Democratic party, through its repre-
sentative at the head of the Government chooses
to call for but two, he will .only call for two. If!
we adopt the bill of the House of Representatives |
without any material amendment, it can becryno j
a law very soon. I regard the amendment re-
ducing the number of regiments as material. The j
States will fight over these two, and in order to
get their portion they will divide them up into !
companies, and when you have done that, you j
have abandoned the volunteer system, and when ;
you have abandoned it, you lose all the support j
the bill is to receive. |
I am sorry that things have advanced to this |
stage. And if the Senator from Ohio insists upon
his amendment, and it appears likely to prevail, |
I shall ask the Senate now to rcconstder the vote j
by which the amendment of the Senator from <
Virginia was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us take the vote on this
amendment. It will not pass.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. But if we
should take the vote, and the amendment should
be adopted, what will be the consequence? Tne
regiments will be accepted in companies, piece-
meal, in every direction throughout the United '
States. Is not that so? j
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, whether |
we vote this amendment down or not, a motion !
can still be made to reconsider the vote by which J
my amendment was adopted. !
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I can move to '
reconsider the vote adopting the amendment of ,
the Senator from Virginia; but who will move to |
reconsider the amendment of the Senator from ,
Ohio if that should be adopted? Does he not j
desire that a regiment shall be called for from
Ohio? !
Mr. PUGII. I do not care whether it be so or 1
not. i
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. Can the Sen-
ator say as much for every member of the House 1
of Representatives from his own State ?
Mr. PUGH. I have never conversed with one
of them on that subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The secret of
a great deal of this contest in regard to the Army
bill is to be found in the patronage connected with
it. Surely the public business here ought not to
be carried on with reference to such considera-
tions. Every one of us scorns such a principle,
when we examine it calmly. It is not right. ;
That spirit is destroying the public service in .
more branches of it than this one. I believe it ■
ought to meet with the condemnation of every
man, wherever it does exist. Tli.it it does exist,
no one can doubt. I do not say that any feeling
of that kind is to be attributed to any Senator i
here; but such a spirit does exist in some in-
stances. I fear very much that if we restrict the
bill to two regiments, it will stand in danger when
itgoes back to the House of Representatives; and
certainly if, besides restricting the number of regi-
ments, we adopt the amendment 'of the Senator
from Ohio, and thus destroy the volunteer system
in regard to the appointments of the higher offi-
cers, I am satisfied it will never pass the House
of Representatives; and I doubt whether the bill,
if amended in that way, could be passed- in this
House. I do not know that I could agree to vote
for it in that shape, because it would be a mass
of confusion. That amendment will leave the bill
perfectly confused, unless we go on and perfect
it; and to perfect it will require time to coolly
deliberate upon and consider well each provision
of the bill, so as to assimilate them together.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
felt some regret that, at a time of great public
necessity like the present, it should have been re-
quired of us to increase the expenses of the Gov-
ernment by an additional military force; bjit our
circumstances are not yet so desperate that we are
notable to employ and sustain whatever force the
service of this Government and the people of the
United States may require. I have therefore been
willing to vote for such an increase of the Army
as the President of the United States has recom-
mended. No matter who administer this Gov-
ernment, whether gentlemen hold them in favor
or not, some degree of confidence must be con-
ceded to every Administration to enable it, prac-
tically and efficiently, to carry on this Govern-
ment. Here, the source from which we had a
right to expect information, the authorities which
manage this branch of the public service, the
Army, all unite in saying to us that an increase
of the Army is necessary. Well, sir, I act upon
that necessary confidence. I act upon the idea
that I am required to give a certain amount of con-
stitutional confidence to every branch of the Gov-
ernment. I give it in this respect; and I am will-
ing to vote for the additional regiments.
Hut, Mr. President, as to this particular case
now, it seems to me that the emergency requires
prompt action. We must act now, or we need
not act at all. We have come to the last moment.
You cannot bring any additional force that you
may think necessary into action and make it use-
ful, unless you provide for it instantaneously. Not
a day should be lost. Under this sense of duty
to the country, I would have been prepared to take
this bill as it comes from the House of Represent-
atives, with all its imperfections, and pass it in an
hour. I did vote against the change from five
to three regiments; not because three regiments
possibly might not be all that was necessary, but
the bill stood for five, and the President might call
the whole, or a less number of regiments, as he
pleased. I would rather have left it there than
made so material an amendment to the bill; which,
if it is to be*useful, ought to pass at once.
The lapse of another fortnight, or another ten
days, is fatal to the object of the bill; and yet we are
remodeling it. I voted against that, preferring dis-
patch even to amendments that might be useful.
So I am opposed to the amendment of my friend
from Ohio; and I hope that he will find, m the
emergency of the case, whatever merit there may
be in his amendment, a sufficient reason for with-
drawing it. It may make the bill better; it may
be a good amendment; but it is an amendment
that will occupy time. It is an amendment which
will change the frame of this bill very essentially.
It is a measure of procrastination. It will have
that effect, though not so intended. If the amend-
ment could be now adopted and become a law
within an hour, it is not suited to this case. The
President wants this force; and the public service
requires this force, if at all, now. It is not a day
too soon. The troops cannot get to the scene of
action in time, unless you pass this bill instantly.
Under these circumstances, what is the effect
of this amendment? I agree entirely with my
friend from Arkansas on this question. Is the
President to range in his selection of volunteers
all over this great Union ? take a company here
and a company there ? As he well says, the diffi-
culty of collecting them, the difficulty of organ-
izing them, the difficulty of putting strangeis at
their head, the inefficiency that would result from
putting one company from Pennsylvania, one from
Massachusetts, one from Ohio, one from Ken-
