842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
savage and semi-savage, and everywhere he will
find his right of property recognized. He may
go, if he pleases, to the frozen regions of the north
pole, and may come down from there till he pants
beneath the vertical rays of the tropical sun, and
the horse is his; and the tribunals of the countries
where he goes will vindicate his right. Why? Is
it because each and every of these States has a
statute declaring that a man shall have property
in ahorse? JNo,sir. I apprehend there is no
such statute in any one of them. The reason is
because, by the universal consent of mankind, a
horse is the subject of property; and when the
horse was made, he was made to be property, and
man was made to own him. It rests upon no statute
and upon no speculation of philosophy. It goes
back to the earliest period of recorded time. When
the Almighty created this broad earth and gave it
to man for a home, He gave it to him to cultivate*,
He filled the land with cattlo and the sea with fish
and the air with fowls; then Ho made man and He
gave him this commission: " have thou dominion
over the fish of the sea and the fowls of the air
and the cattle and over every creeping tiling that
creeps on the earth." But man, sir, immortal
man—made in the image of God—He never said,
" have thou dominion over him." No; lie re-
served that last great work, man, for His own
peculiar worship.
That is the distinction. It is a distinction that
has been recognized by every writer who has ever
written upon the subject. It has been acknowl-
edged by every court where civilization has in-
stituted courts. It has been acknowledged by no
States more freely, more readily, more decisively,
than by the slaveholding States of this Union, as
I shall show by a reference to decisions in Vir-
ginia, Maryland, and Louisiana. More, sir; the
doctrines of the locality of slavery, and the dis-
tinction between slave property and other prop-
erty, has been recognized, without a dissenting
voice, by the unanimous, uncontradicted concur-
rence of every member of that court called the
Supreme Court of the United States.
The first authority to which 1 ask the attention
of the Senate on this point, is the opinion of the
Supreme Court of the United States, in the some-
what famous case of Prigg t's. the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, to be found in 16 Peters, 594;
14 Curtis, 421. The court say:
c<By the general law of nations, no nation is bound to
recognize the Mate of slavery as found within it-j terntoiial
dominions, where it is in opposition to its own policy and
institutions, in favor of tlie subjects of other nations wliei o
slavery is organized. If it docs it, it as a manor of comity,
and not as a matter of international nght. The state of sla-
very is deemed to he a mere municipal regulation, lounded
upon and limited to the jange of the territorial laws."
The court then proceed to quote several cases
recognizing this principle. Judge McLean, m his
opinion in the Dred Soott case, 19 Howard, 140,
after quoting ihcit authority, proceeds to say:
" There was some eontraiiety of opinion among the judges
on certain points ruled in I'ngg's case, but there was none
in regard to the great principle, that slavery is limited to the
range of the laws under which it is sanctioned."
That, then, was the deliberate, solemn opinion
of the court, collectively and individually. The
same doctrine is recognized in Jones vs. Van-
zandt, 2 McLean, circuit court reports, page 596,
where the learned judge says:
" Slavery is local in its character. It depends upon the
municipal law of the Suites where it is citabhtdied; and if
a person held to slavery go beyond the jurisdiction wh^re
ho is so held, and into another sovereignty where slavery
is not tolerated, he becomes Iree; and this would be the law
of these States, had the Constitution of the United States
adopted no regulation upon the subject.5"1
This would have been the law of the States, had
there been no regulation in the Constitution of the
United States to the contrary; and more than that,
the framers of the Constitution, each and every
one of them, so understood the law. They under-
stood the Jaw to be, at the time of the adoption of
the Federal Constitution, that a person held to
service or labor by virtue of the local law of the
State in which he was held, and going into another
State, became free; and to prevent the operation
of that general principle, they inserted this pro-
vision:
"That no person held to service or labor in one State,
under the lawslheieof, escaping into another, shaii, incon-
sequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged
Irom such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on
claim of the party to whom such service or labor is due."
Why this negative introduced into the Consti-
tution, declaring that a man should not be free by
going from one State to another, if the men who
framed that instrument had not understood that
the law was so ? Then, here is the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, and the de-
cision of the circuit court over which Judge Mc-
Lean presides. I will now read a decision from
Martin's Louisiana Reports. In Lunsford vs.
Coquillon, 2 Martin, new series, 401, the supreme
court of Louisiana decided, according to the head
note:
" Jf the owner of a slave remove her from Kentucky to
Ohio, animo morctndi, she becomes free, ipso facto "
In the course of the opinion, the court say:
" We conclude that the constitution of the State of Ohio
emancipates, ipto facto, such slaves whose owner? remove
them into that State with the intention of lesidmg theic;
that the plaintiflThaving heen voluntunly icmoved mlo that
State by her then owner, the latter submitted himself, with
every member of his family, white and black, and eveiy
part of the property brought with him, to the operations of
the constitution and laws of the State ; and that, as ac-
cording to them, slavery could not exist in Ins housc—^a-
very did not exist theie, and the plaintiff was accordingly
as effectually emancipated, by the opeiatitm of the consti-
tution, as if by the act and deed of her foimer ownei."
The same doctrine is also found in another
opinion of that same court—the supreme court of
the State of Louisiana—only that this case is a
great deal stronger. I read the case of Mane
Louise vs. William C. Marot et ul. The abstract
of the case is:
" The fact of a slave being taken to the kingdom of
France, or other eomuiy, by the owner, where slaveiy or
involuntary seivitude is not tolciated, operates on the con-
dition of the slave, and produces immediate emancipation."
The court held in that decision, that,by taking
a slave from Louisiana to France, where slavery
was prohibited bylaw, the slave, ipso facto, became
free; and when he came back into Louisiana, the
master could not reduce the slave agai n to slavery.
In another pai t of a recent decision, the Supreme
Court of the United States have undertaken to say
that the condition of slavery wan only in n state of
catalepsy while the slave was in a state of liberty;
and that when he came back to n slave State, he
could be again reduced to slavery; butsuch isnot
the doctrine of the court of Louisiana, and such
has not been the doctrine of other courts.
1 have also a case from the court of appeals of
the State of Maryland, (4 Harris & McHenry,
418) where it appears that the petitioner stated his
elaim to freedom to arise under the laws of the
State of Pennsylvania for the abolition of slavei y;
and in that case the court of Maiyland held, that
by taking a slnve out of Maryland, and carrying
him into Pennsylvania, he became free. He came
back and resided in Maryland, but the court gave
validity to the abolition of slavery by the fact of
his master carrying him into Pennsylvania, and
he became free. All these decisions proceed on the
assumption that slavery is local in its character.
Now, sir, 1 have a case from the State of Vir-
ginia, which I think is stronger than any of those
which I have read. In Hunter rs. Fuicher, 1
Leigh, 172, I find this decision:
" By statuie of Maryland of 1796, all slaves brought into
that State to icsido aie dcelaicd free. A Vicuna born slave
is can sed by hi?, master loAIarj land; the master settles thei c,
and keeps the slave theie in bondage for twelvemonths, the
statute in foice all the tune: then he bungs him a slave to
Virginia, and sells him here. Adjudged in an action In ought
by the man against the puichasei, tli.tt he is fiee.
So that you will see it is not the free States who
alone have offended in this matter by abolishing
your title to slaves when they cotne into their ter-
ritory; but long ago as 1796, the State of Mary-
land manumitted theslaveof every man whocatne
to reside there with his master. A planter went
from Virginia into Maryland, and resided there
with his slave until the slave became free; and
then went back into Virginia, and undertook to
reduce the slave to his possession again; but the
j highest court in Virginia held that by going into
| Maryland, the slave became free, and by going
i back to Virginia he did not again return to a.state
! of servitude. That is the doctrine of Virginia,
j Let me state one other authority. I have a still
! stronger case. It is Fulton vs. Lewis, 3 Harris &
! Johnson, a case in the court of appeals in Mary-
i land:
| "At the trial the following facts were admitted m evidence:
i John Levant, amarued man, bjinga native and resident of
' the Island of Saint Domingo, removed fiotn that place in
| July, 1793, flymgfiomdistuibancv's winch then existed there,
j endarigeung the iives and piopeity of the inhabitants, and
I btouglit with him into tins State threenegioes,of whom the
i petitioner (now appellee) is one. whom he then and beloie
j owned as a slave That in May, 179<J, he sold the petitioner,
i as a slave, to William Ciemm, who sold him ag such to the
defendant, (the appellant.) That said Levant ai rived at Bal-
timore in August, 1793, and continued to reside there mud
sometime in 1796, when he returned to the West Indies.
Tne defendant thereupon prayed the direction of the court
to the jury, that, if they believed the facts, the petitioner
was not entitled to his freedom. This opinion the court,
[Scott, Chief Justice,] refused to give, but directedthe jury
that upon these facts the petitioner was free. The defend'
ant excepted; and the veidict and judgment being agamst
him, he appealed to this court, where the ease was a:gued
before Chase, Chief Justice, and Buchanan, Nicholson,
Earle, Johnson, and Martin, Justices.
Glenn, for the appellant, contended that the act of 1783,
chapter 23, under which the petitionei claimed his freedom,
meant only a voluntary importation of slaves, and not an
importation arising from absolute necessity, pioduced by
causes over which the owner, as in this case, had and ccuid
have no coutiol.''
But the judgment was affirmed, and the slave
went free. Notwithstanding he came into Mary-
land by a tempest, by the act of Providence, and
not by the voluntary act of his master, so strin-
gently did the State of Maryland construe this
right of property in slaves as a local right, that
they determined that even when the act of God,
contraryto the consentof his master, brought the
slave there, he became free; and so they gave him
his fiecdor.i.
In theopmion delivered by Judge Curtis, in the
DredScottcase,he read a dissenting opinion from
the late ruling in the State of Missouri. That dis-
senting opinion was pronounced by Judge Gam-
ble, who said:
u In this State [Missouri] it has been recognized, from the
beginning of the Government, as a correct position m law,
that the master who takes his slave to reside m a State or
Territory where slavery is prohibited, thereby emancipates
his slave."
Judge Curtis goes on to say:
" Chief Justicc Gamble has also examined the decisions
of the courts of other States in which slavery is established,
and finds them in accoidance with these pteeeding decis-
ions of the supreme coutt ofMissouii to which he refers.
u Jt would be a useless patade of learning for me to go
over the ground which he has so fully and ably occupied."
In the opinion delivered by Judge McLean, in
the Dred Scott case, he declares:
"Theie is no nation in Europe which considers itself
bound to irtum to his master a fugitive slave, under the
civil law or the law of nations. On the contraiy, the slave
is held to be fiee where there isnotieaty obligation, or com-
pact in some other tbjin, to letmn hitn to ins master. The
Itomnn law did not allow freedom to bo sold. Ail embas-
sador, or any other public functionaiy, could not take a slave
to Fiance, Spam, or any other country of JGuiope, without
emancipating him. A number of slaves escaped from a
Floiida plantntion, and were leccivcd on board of ship by
Admiral Cochrane; by the King's Bench they weie held to
be free."
He mentions, also, a case that was decided as
late, 1 think, as 1823, in the Court of King's
Bench, which is found in 3 Dowling & Ryland,
page G79—Forbes vs. Cochrane. Lord Chief Jus-
tice Best, in delivering the opinion in that case,
says:
a The right of slavery is not a general light; it is a loeal
mht; it is~«poken of hv everv writer that has cvoi written
upon the subject as a local right."
Judge Best had not road the Lecompton con-
stitution, nor the Dred Scott decision. lie could
not say now what he said then, that every writer
that had ever written on this subject had treated
it as a local right. In the same opinion, says the
learned judge:
'• Sbveiy js a local law ; and if a man wishes to preseive
Ins slaves. let him attach them to himself by ties of affec-
tion, or make fast the bais of their prison ; for the moment
they get beyond bis local limits, they have bioken their
chains and have recovered their liberty."
That same judge goes further, and says:
" 1 go Anther; if a slave, acting upon hi-s nevvly-acquned
rights of a free man, had detei mined to vindicate the rights
of his natme, and had said.' I will not be forced back into
a state of slavciy,' and lus death had ensued upon his re-
sistance. it would ha\e been murder in every individual
who had contnbuted to that death."
The same judge, speaking of the slave, says:
" Whatever he may owe to the local law is got rid of the
moment lie gets beyond the local lunit."
Speaking of an assertion that Mansfield was
said to have made, that an action might be main-
tained on a contract for the sale of a slave in Eng-
land, Chief Justice Best says:
" I can only say that I have searched with all the indus-
try of winch 1 am mastei, and that I can find no such de-
cision."
This was a suit brought for the recovery of cer-
tain slaves that escaped from Florida to Admiral
Cochrane, and the judge expressed some doubts,
or, at least, said it was not proved that slavery
existed m Florida; but he says:
"If it did prevail there His a local law; it is an nnti-
Cluistian law, and it cannot be extended beyond the limits
