1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of its own State, nor be recognized in a country like this,
where tiie courts of justice are regulated according to the
Idvv of natuie and the leveaied law of God."
That was the opinion of the Court of King's
Bench, in England,aslateas 1822. I have shown
you, by these quotations and these opinions, that
up to the rendering of the opinion in the Dred
Scott case, it was the law of these States severally;
it was the law of the Supreme Court of the United
States; it was the law of the highest judicial tri-
bunal in England, that the moment a slave escapes
from the territorial limits of the jurisdiction which
imposes the state of servitude upon him, that mo-
ment he becomes free; and that inthecxercise of
the rights of freedom which he acquires by step-
ping out from beyond the local limits of the juris-
diction which impose slavery upon him, he is a
man—to all intents and purposes a man; and if
an attempt is made by anybody claiming the right
to reduce him to slavery, to take him, and he re-
sists and dies, the death of that slave is murder
in every man who contributed to bring about that
result.
Sir, these are the great settled principles of the
law, and they are not to be shaken to-day by any
judicial assumption, or any legal quackery on this
subject. They stand immovable and immutable
as the eternal foundations of truth. While civ-
ilized society maintains its tribunals and its organ-
ization, these principles will stand, and the Su-
preme Court of the United States will find that,
like the waves of the ocean, they toss themselves
against the rock-bound shores; but they to^s them-
selves in vain, only to fall back whence they came.
These arc positions which cannot bo shaken.
They rest not only upon law, but upon humanity;
upon reason; upon every conviction which be-
longs to human nature, and to a common man-
hood.
Having disposed of that part of the case—and I
think 1 have gone far enough, so that any school-
boy in the free States, who has been to our com-
mon schools long enough to read, may confute
and refute, and confound forever the gross as-
sumption of this court—I now proceed to the other
point to which I proposed to address a few re-
marks, and that was, that at the tune of the adop-
tion of the Federal Constitution slavery was so
universally acknowledged and practiced upon,
that nobody thought >f questioning it. The Su-
preme Court bay:
" It was regauled as an axiom in morals,, as well as in
politics, winch no one thought of disputing, or supposed to
be open todi^pute ; and men in everygtade and position m
society d<nly and habitually acted upon it m their pnvate
as well a-5 in iriatteis of public concern, without
doubting for a moment the coireeine^s of this opinion.-"1
The opinion" here alluded to was " that the
negro might justly and lawfully be reduced to sla-
very for his benefit;" and they add:
'• And in no nation was tin* opinion more firmly fixed or
more uniformly acted upon than by the English Government
and English people."
How is that? I believe the Supreme Court have
not decided that the Revolution did not take place
in 1776; or that the Declaration of Independence
was not made about that time; but at the com-
mencement of the eighteenth century, about the
year 1704, this opinion was rendered by Lord
Holt, in the case of Smith us. Gould, reported in
2 Lord Raymond's Reports, 1274, which was an
action of trover for a negro. Lord Holt, speaking
for the whole court, says:
"This action does not lie for a negro no more than foi
any other man, for the common law takes 110 notice of ne
grocs being diflorent from other men."
And in Salkcld's report of the same case, (2
Salkeld, 6G6,) the same learned judge says:
" Men may be the owners of propeity.and therefore can-
not themselves be the subject of piopertv."
That was one hundred and fifty years ago.
Then we come down to 1772, and we find Loid
Chief Justice Mansfield deciding the Somerset
case. I will read that decision:
" The state of slaveiy is of such a nature that it is inca-
pable of being mtioduced on any reasons, moral or polit-
ical, but only by positive law, winch preserves us force long
after the reason, occasion, and time itself, ftom whence it
was created, is erased from the memoiy. U is boodmus
that nothing can be suffered to suppoit it but positive law.
Whatever inconveniences, thereioie, may follow fiom the
decision, f csinnot say this case is allowed or approved by
the laws of England, and therefore the black must be dis-
charged."
That was the law of England in 1772. Going
back to the commencement of the century, ana
coming down to 1772, we find the same doctrine
held. In the opinion I have already read of Chief
Justice Best, he says, that with the best industry
he could give to the subject, he had never found
that a contract for the sale of a slave was allowed
in England. These were the doctrines of the courts.
I have another authority, which I do not propose
to put in as a judicial authority, but I propose to
put it in to answer that part of the opinion of the
Supreme Court in which they say this doctrine
had never been questioned by anybody. I show }
you that it had been questioned by the judicial '
tribunals; it had been questioned by Lord Holt;
it had been questioned by Lord Mansfield; and,
in 1730,immediatelyafter the adoption of the Fed-
eral Constitution, the great orator of Ireland,
[John Philpot Curran,] speaking before a British
court, said:
- I !-peak hi the {spirit of the British law, which makes
liberty commensurate with, and inseparable from, the Btit-
iah soil—which pioclaims even to the stranger and the so-
journer, the moment he sets his foot upon British earth, that
the ground on winch he treads is holy, and consecrated by
the genius of universal emancipation. No matter in what
language his doom may have been pronounced ; no matter
what complexion incompatible with heedom an Indian or
an African sun may have buint upon him ; no matter in
what disastrous battle ins liberty may have been cloven
down ; no matter with what solemnities he may have been
devoted upon the alt.n of slaver} ; the first moment he
toncbcs the sacred sod of Biitain, the altar and the god sink
together in the dust; his soul walks abroad in her own ma-
jesty; his body swells beyond the measure of his chains that
burst fiom around him ; and he stand* redeemed, regener-
ated, and disenthralled, by the irresistible Genius of Uni-
versal Emancipation."
And yet. sir, in the face of these glowing dec-
larations, of these sublime enunciations, of these
eloquent tributes to the great principle of liberty,
your Supreme Court have come down from their
bench, gone into the political arena, and com-
menced their career by declaring that the rightto
hold and to trade in slaves, at the time of the adop-
tion of our Constitution, was so universally rec-
ognized and practiced upon, that no man thought
of questioning it. I have shown you that it was
questioned in England; that there were men high
in position there, occupying exalted places in the
kingdom of Great Britain, who had questioned
the rightfulness of the traffic in slaves, and the
right to hold slaves. I beg Senators to bear in
mind the exact question which I am arguing. I
am not introducing these instances here for idle
declamation. I am not introducing them as part
of an anti-slavery discourse; but I am introducing
them to prove to the Senate, to the country, and to
the world, that when they undertake to say that
the right to hold and to traffic in slaves was un-
questioned , they state that which cannot be sus-
tained by history.
Now, sir, how was it in this country? The
Supreme Couit say that this right was so well
understood in this country, so universally acceded
to, that even the great and sublime truths which
are embodied in the Declaration of Independence,
which, if they were uttered to-day, would be held
to embrace all mankind, did not embrace them at'
that time, because the opposite sentiment, that it j
was right to hold slaves, was so universal, so un- ;
questioned, and so unquestionable, that nobody :
thought of questioning it. I have been at some ;
little pains to ascertain what the views of some i
of the men in this country about the time of the s
Revolution, and about the time of the adoption
of the Federal Constitution, were. I begin with j
North Carolina. I took that State first, because !
a distinguished Senator from that State [Mr.
Biggs] was in the chair yesterday, and I did not;
know but that he would be to-day; and I wanted 1
to compliment him by putting his own State first. !
The first Provincial Congress of North Carolina, ]
held atNewbern on the 24th of August, 1774, re- [
solved— |
" That we will not import any slave or -.laves, or pui chase j
any slave or slaves imported or bi ought into this Province I
by otheis, fiom any part of the world, after the 1st day of !
November next." i
That authority is to be found in the American !
Archives, fourth series, first volume, page 735. 1
Again, the Continental Congress of the United j
States, October 20, 1774, formed an association '
or agreement, consisting of fourteen ai tides: the j
second article of which is: j
c* That wc will neither import nor purchase any slave ,
imported after the 1st day of December next, after winch i
time we will wholly discontinue the slave trade, and will
ueiliioi be concerned in it ousselves, nor will we hue our j.
vessels, nor sell our commodities noi manufacture-:, to those n
who are concerned in it."
By the fourteenth article, they resolved:
" And we do further agree and resolve, that we will have
no tnde, commcrce, dealings, or intercourse whatsoever,
with any colony or province in North America whtch snail
not aecede to, or which shall hereafterviolate this associa-
tion, but will hold them as unworthy of the rights of free-
men, and as inimical to the liberties of this country."
That is to be found in the same volume, on page
915. Those men who would not agree that they
would neither import nor purchase any slave after
the 1st day of December, were not worthy of
social or business intercourse, and unworthy of
the rights of freemen, and inimical to the liberties
of the country. That agreement, or convention,
ss it is called, of the Continental Congress, made
in 1774, was signed by all the members, including
George Washington and Patrick Henry, frotn
Virginia, and the two Rutledges from South Caro-
lina.
I come now to another State, Georgia. ThePro-
j vincial Congress of Georgia, held at Savannah, on
the 18th of January, 1775, resolved:
II That we will neither impoit norpuicha&e any slave im-
ported from Africa, or elsewhere, after the 15th day of March
next."
George Washington, in a letter to Charles Pinck-
ney, Governor of South Carolina, on the 17th of
March, 1792, says:
" I must fay that I lament the decision of your Legisla-
ture upon the question of importing slaves after March,
1793 I was m hopes that motives of policy, as well as other
good reasons, supported by the direful effects of slavery,
which at this, moment are presented, would have operated
to produce a total prohibition of the importation of slaves,
whenever the question came to be agitated in any State that
might be interested in the measure."
In a letter to John F. Mercer, dated September
9, 1786, George Washington says:
" I never mean, unless some particular circumstances
should compel me to it, to possess another slave by pur-
chase, it being among my first wishes to see some pian
adopted by winch slavery in this country may be abolished
by law."—Sparks's Life of Washington, vol. 9, p. 159.—
Note.
In a letter to Robert Morris, dated April 12,
1786, he says:
" I hop? it will not be conceived from the«p observations
that it 1^ my wish to hold the unhappy people, who are the
subject of this letter, in slavery. F can only say, that there
is not a man living, who wishes more pinccrely than I do,
to see apian adopted for the abolition of it; but there is only
one proper and effectual mode by which it can be accom-
plished, and that i> by legislative utuhoiity; and tineas far
as my suffrage will go? shall never be wanted.—Sparks's
Writings of Washington, vol. 9, page 159.
In a letter to the Marquis de la Fayette, of the
date of April 5, 1783, he says:
" The scheme, my dear Marquis, which you propose as
a precedent, to encourage the emancipation of the black
people in this country from the state of bondage in whtch
they aie held, is a inking evidence of the benevolence of
your heart. 1 shall be liappv to join you m so laudable a
work; but will defer going into a detail of the busmen until
I have the pleasure of seems you.—Sparks's Writings of
Washington, vol. 6, p. 414, 415."
I have some other authorities. In the conven-
tion which framed the Constitution of the United
Slates, Colonel Mason, of Virginia, an illustrious
name in an illustrious Commonwealth, then and
now, said:
" Slavery discourages arts and mamifacimes. The poor
despise labor when performed by slaws. They prevent the
emulation of white-*, who really emich and strengthen a
country. They produce the most pernicious effect on man-
ners."
I am not going to criticise that. I am not here
to speak on a question of manners. I leave that
where Mr. Mason left it.
" Every master ot slaves is born a petty tyrant."
I am only quoting, sir.
'• They bring the judgment of Heaven on a country."
Again, Mr. Mason is reported to have said:
"He held it essential, m every point of view, that the
General Government should have power to prevent the in-
crease of slavery."
That is to be found in the third volume of the
Madison Papers, pae;c 3391. Asrain, Mr. Gerry,
of Massachusetts, afterwards Vice President of
the United States, (page 1394 of the same volume,)
said:
lie thought wc had nothing to do with the conduct of
the States as to sieves, but ought to be careful not to give
any sanction to it."
Mr. Madison (page 1429) " thought it wrongto
admit in the Constitution the idea that there could
he property in men."
But there is another very important fact in the
history of that convention. They finally ad-
journed on the 17th day of September, 1787. On
the 13th day of September, 1787, after the discus-
