1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
Those who are laboring with me in this great
contest, may take courage from the perseverance
with which Jefferson adhered to his policy. In
1783-84-85 and 86, the measure failed, but finally,
in 1787, it partially succeeded, and the ordinance
was parsed prohibiting slavery from all the ter-
ritory which we then owned. Yet, sir, in view
of all this history, written as with a sunbeam upon
the very walls of the room in which this tribunal
assemble, they stand up in 1857, to declare to
the world that the slave trade and slavery were
so universally recognized and acknowledged that
nobody questioned the rightfulness of the traffic,
and nobody supposed it capable of being ques-
tioned. Not content with overturning the whole
line of judicial authority to be found in every na-
tion of Europe, and in every State of this Union,
and of their own solemn recorded decision, they
go on to make the avowal; and then go further,
and undertake to tear from that chaplet which
adorns the brows of the men of the Revolution the
proudest and fairest of their ornaments; and that
was the sincerity of the professions which they
made in regard to the rights of human nature. It
is true, the court in their charity undertake to
throw the mantle of ignorance over these men,
and say they did not understand whatthey meant.
Sir, they did understand it;, and the country un-
derstood it. There was a jealousy on the subject
of liberty and slavery, at that time, of which we
are little prepared to judge at the present day. It
is found beaming out on the pages of the writ-
ings of all these men.
if the opinions of the Supreme Court are true,
they put these men in the worst position of any
men who are to be found on the pages of our his-
tory. If the opinion of the Supreme Court be
true, it makes the immortal authors of the Decla-
ration of Independence liars before God and hypo-
crites before the world; for they lay down their
sentiments broad, full, and explicit, and then they
say that they appeal to the Supreme Ruler of the
universe for the rectitude of their intentions; but,
if you believe the Supreme Court, they were
merely quibbling on words. They went into the
courts of the Most High, and pledged fidelity to
their principles as the price they would pay for
success; and now itis attempted to cheat them out
of the poor boon of integrity; and it is said that
they did not mean so, and that when they said
all men they meant all white men, and when they
said that the contest they waged was for the right
of mankind, the Supreme Court of the United
States would have you believe that they meant
it was to establish slavery. Against that I pro-
test, here, now, and everywhere, and I tell the
Supreme Court that these things are so lmpreg-
nably fixed in the hearts of the people, on the page
of history, in the recollections and traditions of
men, that it will require mightier efforts than they
have made or can make to overturn or to shake
these settled convictions of the popular under-
standing and of the popular heart.
Sir, you are now proposing to carry out this
Dred Scott decision by forcing upon the people
of Kansas a constitution against which they have
remonstrated, and to which there can be no shadow
of doubt a very large portion of them are opposed.
Will it succeed ? i do riot know; it is not forme
to say; but I will say this: if you force that—if
you persevere in that attempt—I think, I hope the
men of Kansas will fight. I hope they will resist
to blood and to death the attempt to force them
to a submission against which their fathers con-
tended, and to which they never would have sub-
mitted. Let me tell you, sir, I stand not here to
use the language of intimidation or of menace;
but you kindle the fires of civil war in that coun-,
try by an attempt to force that constitution on
the necks of an unwilling people; and you will
light a fire that all Democracy cannot quench—ay,
sir, there will come up other Peters the Hermit,
that will go through the length and the breadth
of this land, telling the story of your wrongs and
your outrages; and they will stir the public heart;
they will raise a feeling in this country such as
has never yet been raised; they will awaken
another great crusade; and the men of this coun-
try, en. masse, will go as they did of olden time, in
another crusade; but it will not be a crusade to
icdeem the dead sepulcher where the body of the
Crucified had lam, but to redeem this fair land,
which God has given to be the abode of freemen,
from the desecration of a despotism sought to be
imposed upon them in the name of " perfect free-
dom" and " popular sovereignty."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the Senate ready
for the question ?
Mr. HARLAN. I move the postponement of
this question until to-morrow, and that it be made
the special order for one o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. There is a special order for
to-morrow, on which the Senator from Wiscon-
sin has the floor.
Mr. HARLAN. I will say Monday next.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The special order which
was set for to-day has not been taken up, for the
reason that the special order upon which the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire had the
floor has been taken up, and occupied the greater
part of the session. If it be proper, I will move
that the special order which was fixed for to-day
go over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
now pending, which is to postpone the consider- j
ation of this subject until Monday next, at one ;
o'clock, and make it the special order for that
hour.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMODORE PAULDING.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the joint res-
olution (S. No. 7) directing the presentation of a
medal to Commodore Hiram Paulding, which was
the special order fixed for to-day, be postponed
to and made the special order forto-morrow at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 20, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. L. D. Finckel.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced as members of the
special committee to which was referred House
bill No. 197, providing for the apportionment of
clerks and messengers in the Government offices
in Washington, Messrs. Smith of Illinois, Sew-
ard, Kelsey, Pendleton, Gilman, Clemens,
and Anderson.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in ,
order to be the further carrying out of the order
of the House calling the States and Territories
for bills and resolutions; and that bills and reso-
lutions were in oider from Florida.
COURT-HOUSE, ETC., AT APPALACHICOLA.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill for the con-
struction ofa court-house, post office,and custom-
house at Appalachicola, in the State of Florida;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE TEXAS LEGISLATURE.
Mr. BRYAN presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Texas, calling on the United States
Government to refund the money heretofore paid
out by the State of Texas, for the defense of her
frontier, since the 28th day of February, 1855;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Texas, recognizing the rank of Captain John Gr.
Todd j latu of the Texan navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
TEXAS LIGHT-HOUSES.
Mr. BRYAN submitted the following resolu-
tion; winch was read and agreed to:
Resolved) That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inqmie into the necessity of establishing light-
houses and placing buoys at the entrances-and in the bays
of Galveston, Matagorda, Aianzas, and Corpus Christi; also,
at the mouths of the RioGiande and Brazos rivers, and San
Luis Pa&ss, and that the committee report by bill or otherwise.
BOUNDARIES OP TEXAS.
Mr. REAGAN introduced a bill to authorize
the President of the United States, in conjunction
with the State of Texas, to run and mark the
boundary lines between the territories of the
United States and the State of Texas; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
LAND GRANT TO IOWA.
Mr. CURTIS introduced a bill to amend an act
granting land to the Territory of Iowa to aid in
the improvement of the Des Moines river, in said
Territory; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lauds.
PORT OP DELIVERY AT COUNCIL BLUFFS.
Mr. CURTIS also introduced a bill to establish
a port of delivery at the city of Council Bluffs;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
•MARINE HOSPITAL AT KEOKUK.
Mr. CURTIS also introduced a bill to provide
for the erection ofa marine hospital in the city of
Keokuk; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee* on
Commerce.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT KEOKUK.
Mr. CURTIS also introduced a bill to provide
for the construction of a custom-house and post
office building at the city of Keokuk; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
WESTERN BOUNDARY OF IOWA.
Mr. CURTIS also introduced a bill to extend
the western boundary of the State of Iowa, to the
Missouri river; which was read a fust and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
DES MOINES RAPIDS.
Mr. CURTIS offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Res-olvcd* That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form this IIou>e of the amount of money remaining unex-
pended and applicable to the linpiovement of the iowei or
Des Moines rapid>of the Misbi&Mppi river, and the amount
heretofore expended theieon. Also—
First. The number of yards of rock excavation requiicd
to carry out the plan of that improvement;
Sccond. The number of yardrf removed each year since
the work commenced;
Third. The advantages of further delay and ultimate in-
adequacy arid hazard winch will attend the navigation of
the proposed channel, when completed;
Fourth. The expediency of adopting aslack-water canal,
with suitable locks, along the Iowa &bore, as a substitute
for the plan at piesent pursued, and that this matter bo at
the discretion of the Secretary, be referred to the topograph-
ical engineers, and such civil engineers as lie may deem
proper.
FEES OF MARSHALS, ETC.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa, introduced a bill to reg-
ulate the fees of the marshals of the States and
Territories of the United States; which was road
a first and second time, and leferred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
SALE OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa, also presented the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
stiucted to inqunt; into the expediency of re>tneiuig tite
sale of the public arable land- belonging to the Government
to actual settleis, in limited quantities, and lcport by bill or
otherwise.
HARBOR OF OZAUKEE.
Mr. BILL1NGHURST introduced abill making
an appropriation for the improvement of the har-
bor of Ozaukee, Wisconsin; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee ou Commerce.
HARBOR OF MANITOWOC.
Mr. BILLIIN'GHURST also introduced a bill
making an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor of Manitowoc, Wisconsin; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
HARBOR OF SHEBOYGAN.
Mr. BILLINGHURST also introduced a bill
for continuing ihe improvement of the harbor of
Sheboygan, Wisconsin; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, offered the
