1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
Mr. KING. We thought so.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. TheChairwill
take the question on concurring in all the amend-
ments., except the one reducing the number of
regiments.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment offered, m Com-
mittee of the Whole, by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, to reduce the number of regiments.
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays on
concurring in the amendment; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish now to say a
single word. I3y the bill as it now stands, four
regiments are authorized, in addition to the Texas
mounted regiment; and the President is author-
ized to accept as many of them as the public ser-
vice requires. If the Government want but two,
we can rely on the President to call for but two.
The President must know the condition of the
Treasury as well as we do, and that will have the
proper influence, besides the general considera-
tions of his duty. We must suppose him to have
firmness enough not to be ovetcome by a captain
or a colonel who comes there, and wants to be
taken into the service. To make such a material
alteration to the bill may subject it, in the other
House, to serious delays, winch are fatal to the
measure. I shall vote against the amendment,
and leave the President to his responsibility, to
say what is necessary and what is not.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I concur with
the Senator from Kentucky. In supporting the
amendment before I yielded my own judgment;
but upon full reflection, I am satisfied that it is
better to leave the discretion to the President.
Then he can and will limit the number of troops
to those that he wants, rather than to those who
are sought to be obtained at his hand^j, and there-
Fore I must change my vote. On that point I shall
vote against the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, Bright, llrodei-
ick, Blown, Cameion, Chandler, Claik, Oiay, Lhxon, Doo-
Lttle, Durkee, Evans, Fes^enden, Fitzpatuck, Foster,
Gwin, Hale, flamiin. flarlan, Houston, Hunter, Ive^on,
Johnson of Tennessee, Ring, IVIsison, Pearoe, howard. Sli-
dt'll, Thomson of New Jersey, Tiumbuli, Wade, and Wil-
son— 34.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, B(g!er, Crittenden, l)ou Ia*, Fitch,
Green, Hammond, Henderson, Johnson of Aikan^is, Joue*,
Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, and
Wng .t—10.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time; and on the question " Shall the bill
pass r"
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays, and
thev were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to occupy the at-
tention of the Senate more than a moment or two,
but simply to call attention to the fact that this
bill now is put upon an entirely different footing
from that which was presented at the beginning
of the session. Then wo were asked by the Ad-
ministration for an increase of the Army. That
came before us in a modified shape, by the bill of
the Military Committee, asking for additional
companies and additional men, but still looking
to u permanent increase of the Army. The idea
that the Administration wanted volunteers, was
then rejected. That proposition failed; and now
the measure has come up in this shape, a bill
simply providing for two regiments of volunteers,
and one more for Texas. I look upon it as sub-
stantially a proposition for a permanent increase
of the Army; and as that in the bald shape has
been voted down, I look upon this as an insidious
step advancing in that direction. I believe that
if we vote these three regiments of volunteers now,
before the time arrives when they are to be dis-
charged, the Administration will be asking, in-
stead of volunteers, for a permanent increase to
the regular standing Army. I look upon this as
a step in that direction; and looking upon it m
that light, I shall vote against it. I shall make no
argument, but I simply appeal to every man on
this floor who is opposed to the first step—no, not
the first step, but to a step by which this Govern-
ment is to be converted from a Republic of law to a
military despotism—to vote against any increase
of the Army.
Mr. HOUSTON, I take the very opposite view
of the gentleman from New Hampshire. I have
no doubt that if it is necessary to employ troops,
the efficiency of the volunteers will bo such as to
convince the public mind that they are the only
efficient description of troops that will hereafter
necessarily be employed in the defense of the
country. In that way it will supersede the pas-
sion that may exist for the increase of the regu-
lar Army. I think it is the only possible means
of defeating, rather than contributing to, the de-
sire for an increase of the regular Army. That
is one reason which prevails with me on the pres-
ent occasion to support the volunteer system in
preference to the regular Army; for I have de-
termined, as I have before expressed myself,
never to vote for an increase of the regular Army,
unless it is in time of war, and never for the pur-
pose of suppressing intestine broils.
Mr. WILSON. 1 am a member of the com-
mittee who reported this measure. I have ex-
pressed myself heretofore in favor of granting to
the Administration a volunteer forcc for thepur-
! pose of being used in the Territory of Utah in
support of the laws of the country. This bill
comes before us now, I think, in the best possi-
ble form in which a measure of this character can
come at all. It confines the use of these troops
to that Territory, or to the suppression of Indian
hostilities on the western fiontier, and on the
frontiers of the State of Texas. I shall therefore
give my vote for this bill, for I am in favor of
maintaining the authority of the Government m
theTenitoiy of Utah. I would vote to support
the Government m maintaining the laws of the
country there, and, at the same time, I would
send a commission to that Territory to ascertain
the ival c-iuse of the difficulties there, and to see
how they could be settled. I would treat that
people as I would a tribe of Indians; and if I could
purchase their country, and get them to leave
the United States for any portion of the North
Ameucan continent, I would vote any reasonable
amount of money very cheerfully for that pur-
pose. But these people lie in the heart of the
continent, on the highway to tho Pacific coast.
They are in rebellion against this Government.
1 do not know that the Government of the United
States has wronged them. The Government of
the United States asks for sufficient volunteer
force to suppress this rebellion, and this bill pro-
poses to grant them two regiments of volunteers
to be used there. I cannot see what my friend
from New Hampshne sees in this measure; and
I shall vote for the bill chcerfully.
Mr. IIALE. I know that the Senator from
Massachusetts would not do anybody injustice;
he certainly would not do me injustice; but I am
not willing to Ik put in a false position by pur-
pose, or even by accident. When the Senator
says he is going to vote for this volunteer force
because he is in favor of sustaining the law, it
would seem to imply that those who vote against
it do so because they were not in favor of sus-
taining law. Now, sir, it is because I am in fa-
vor of law and against brute force; it is because
I am in favor of civilization, and law, and liberty,
regulated by law; because 1 am jealous of your
Executive, and jealous of the purposes with
which he comps here asking for an increase of
the regular Army; it is because I am in favor of
law and against violence; m favor of law in ICan-
t sas as well as in Utah; in favor of law in Wash-
1 mgton city and in every other place, that I go
! against strengthening the hands of this Execu-
, tive, that has now been here ever since the com-
j mencement of this session, asking in every shape
| in which importunity could put its requests, for
I an increase of the military force of this coun-
' try. Is there any man in this country, civilian or \
military man, who is to tell me that the military
j force of this country to-day is not able to put
1 down a rebellion which only consists in iirigham
j Young's proclamations? What is your Army of
fifteen thousand men about? What is the great-
est standing Army we ever had in a time of peace,
employed about? Is it in fighting Indians? Sir,
read the history of your Indian wars, and you
will find that your Army have provoked, rather
than put down, hostilities. We have pending be-
fore this Government, in some shape or other—1
do notknow howmany, but we shall find out be-
fore the session is over—bills for paying five or six
million dollars of debt, that have been mcarred m
these Indian wars.
A few days a^o, a gentleman whose name I do
not remember—butprobably there are some in the
Senate who can enlighten me on it, when I tell
them that he was superintendent of Indian affairs
in Oregon prior to tho last administration—had a
' conversation with me on this subject. He went to
; the superintendency of those Indians, as he' told
. me, and requested m the first instance that every
soldier might be withdrawn; he did not want any
army. It wa^done; and he had peace—no war,
no quarrel, no $5,000,000 claim to be paid. He
was superseded or resigned; he went out of ofEcc,
and somcbodyelsesucceeded him. Different coun-
sels prevailed, and soldiers were sent there. The
result was, if tho accounts published by your own
General Wool are to be relied upon, that there
was one of the most infamous wars—it does not
deserve to be dignified with the name of war, but
one of the most infamous butcheries of the In-
dians that was ever perpetrated on the face of this
ijlobc. It was perpetrated under your command.
That is the result of giving the Administration
soldiers to send into the Indian country. If I had
my way, I should withdraw every soldier from
the Indian country.
It is for the reason that I am for peace and lib-
erty regulated by law, that I am opposed now, as
I always have been, to increasing the military
power of the Government. I would just as soon
vote for regulars as I would for volunteers, be-
cause I know where it leads, and I should like to
take the step with my eyes open, and not to be
hoodwinked or deceived. This Administration
have tried and tried, as long as they could, to get
regular soldiers; and you have refused, and right-
fully refused. Failing in that, still having the
same purpose, the same object, the same end,
they now say, though before they would not have
volunteers and repudiated the idea, " if we can-
not get regulars we will take volunteers;" and the
same men who but a little while ago rejected your
volunteers with scorn are now here asking for
them.
How was it on the other side of the House?
Who voted down the volunteers before? The
very gentlemen who are now asking for them.
I think I see in hi3 seat the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown;] I hope he has
not altered his mind. I heard what he said upon
the subject of volunteers, and nobody rebuked
him. I hope those gentlemen who voted against
volunteers have not altered their minds. I have
not; and it is for this reason thatl am opposed to
the bill. I not willing, by expression, or by
implication, or by silence, to be put in the attitude
of being opposed to law because I do not want to
increase the brute force of an Administration in
which I have no confidence. I have no confi-
dence in them, nor in the purposes for which they
want this army. I have voted against it, and
shall continue to do so.
Mr. CAMERON. I voted fir the original bill
providing for raising five regiments of regular
troops. I did so with a protest against their be-
coming a portion of the standing Armv; but I
voted for it because my course always has been
to give the Administration in power such troops
as they think necessary to defend the country in
time of war. They say there is a war in Utah,
and they say it is necessary to have a certain
amount of troops to protect the honor of the coun-
try. I think they have made a great mistake in
producing that war. In my judgment it would
have been much better if they had sent new gov-
ernors and other officers into the Territory with
a small escort, and with a conciliatory message.
But the Administration have thought differently;
and if there was no war before, they have pro-
voked one now. When the country is engaged
in war I cannot refuse to allow the "Administra-
tion to have such troops as they think necessary
to protect the honor and the inteiestsof the coun-
try. I shall vote for volunteer regiments with a
gieat deal mote pleasure than 1 voted for the reg-
ulars, because I cannot believe that by any pro-
cess they can be conjurcd into a portion of the
regular standing Army. I have too much faith
in the representatives of the people in the other
House, and the representatives of the States here,
to believe that by any trick, by any management
unworthy of men, volunteer soldiers who are
called out for a special purpose can be made a
portion of the regular standing Army. I have
always been opposed to large standingarriiies. I
