1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
35th Cono....Ist Sess.
Kansas and the Administration—Mr. Cragin.
Ho. of Reps.
bation. The several States have the sole right
and power of deciding oil the qualifications of
electors of State and Federal officers. Congress
cannot alter these qualifications; and were it to
make citizenship depend upon an unreasonable
residence of twenty-one years, it would only ren-
der it contemptible. Half of the States would at
once, by law, make American citizenship no
longer a necessary qualification for a voter; and
the heretofore glorious privilege of being an Amer-
ican citizen, for which so many have crossed the
ocean, would be but an empty name.
If, therefore, adopted citizens have in any State
abused the right of voting, let that State see to it;
let it, like New Hampshire, insist that the Sena-
tors and Representatives of its Legislature be of
the Protestant religion; or, like Rhode Island,
require adopted citizens to own a certain quantity
of property; or, with some other States, require
them to read and write, or add such new qualifi-
cations as they deem best suited to attain their
object. Nearly all of the New England States
allow the negro the right to vote, in defiance of
the decision of the Supreme Court that they are
not citizens. Each State may fetter the elective
franchise as it will, either by property qualifica-
tion, by religious tests, by prolonged residence,
or by education; and as the power rests with them,
so does the right.
But suppose that Congress extends the term of
probation to ten, or twenty years, and that the
States generally retain citizenship as a qualifica-
tion for the exercise of the elective franchise:
what will be the result? A danger greater than
lias ever yet met us is suddenly thrust upon the
country. Then the immigrant who arrives, and
seeks, by the influence of his genius, ability,
skill, or honest toil, a home in the country of his
adoption, is debarred from the rights of a free-
nan; he is governed, but not one of the soveteign
people—a helot, not a citizen. The discontent
will deepen and widen; a determined combination
will arise,and plots and plans be formed, not only
by these disfranchised emigrants, but by design-
ing politicians, to effect a change in the Govern-
ment and laws. The facr of the existence of a
large body of men, discontented and dissatisfied,
suffering from what they must deem a wrong and
unjust distinction, will be taken advantage of by
designing, unscrupulous, and ambitious men.
One party after another will court and cajole
them, and the elective franchise at last be ac-
corded as a party bribe, and the suddenly-admit-
ted voters become the arbiters of the elections.
There would be but one hope of relief from these
evils: and that is, the Japanese laws of non-in-
tercourse with the rest of the world. Our de-
cadence would date from that time, and in after
ages some South American Republic would take
the place of the North American Republic, of the
nineteenth century.
I hope, Mr. Chairman, that I have shown the
gentleman from the Louisville district that his
views on the naturalization of foreigners arc
"wrong, and erroneously conceivcd; and also the
representative from Tennessee, that his precon-
ceived notions of paupers and their emigration to
this country are not so well founded as he sup-
posed, or so inimical to the prosperity and future
progress of the nation; and last, though not least,
the gentleman from Virginia, whose conceptions
would be enlarged, 1 think, by a visit to parts
other than the Accomac district.
The gentleman's individual argument, together
■with that of his colleague, [Mr. Smith,] is no in-
dication that Virginia will ever stoop so low as
to countenance or approve the unholy and uncon-
stitutional war upon adopted citizens and their
guarantied rights, which has so often deluged our
cities in blood, and has brought so much dis-
grace and dishonor upon the nation. Nobly did
she stand forth before the nation and the world
when this war was at its fiercest height, and threw
herself between the enemies of the Constitution
and the South. She fought the battle bravely; but
she fought it in the name and in behalf of the
South. She drove back the restless hordes of in-
novators, who would indoctrinate her people m
the pestiferous principles of northern fanaticism,
and would lay sacrilegious hands upon the endur-
ing monuments of ancestral glory which the Mc-
Dowells, the Breckniridges, the McDuffies, the
McGruders, and other names not unknown to
fame, have scattered along tiie base of the Blue
Ridge.
The gentleman from the district immediately
adjoining the seat of Government, may unite with
his colleague from Accomac, and join the crusade
against the foreign-born citizen. In this he yields,
perhaps, to the necessities of his border locality,
and it may be to his contiguity to the commercial
metropolis of a neighboring State. But he does
not speak the sentiment of'the gallant old State of
Virginia. He does injustice to the overwhelming
majorities that carried the present distinguished
Governor of that State into the first office in the
Commonwealth. He may speak the sentiments
of his district, or, perhaps, rather of its antiqua-
ted metropolis, but it is not the voice or the senti-
ment of the State of Virginia. I think I am war-
ranted in making the assertion, by the result of
the last gubernatorial election in that State, and
also in indulging the hope that the future of Vir-
ginia will not belie her glorious past.
Sir, this very fidelity, not only of Virginia, but
of the entire South, to principle, when she had
everything to gain and nothing to lose, (for for-
eign emigration generally seeks a northern or
western resting place,) is one of the brightest jew-
els in her diadem of proud supremacy. I there-
fore cling to her with a devotion almost equal to
that of her own sons; and while she has made so
many sacrifices for the Constitution and equal
liberty, craven must be the northern heart, that
draws its political life-blood from the national De-
mocracy, that would abandon or desert her when
the same spirit of fanaticism and bigotry assails
either her rights or her honor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. As I entered
the Hall, the gentleman from New Yoilc was en-
i tertaining the committee by a reference to ihe etuly
: history of Kentucky, as written by my ancestor
1 of my own name, and was recommending its re-
perusal to mc to correct me in what he is pleased
to term my antagonism to immigration. The gen-
tleman claimed "that the early and distinguished
pioneers of our Kentucky civilization and settle-
ment were Celts, or of Celtic origin: and he named
our Harrods, and Iiarlans, and McAfees, Mc-
Bnde,and Logans, as falling within the class to
which he referred. Never was a gentleman more
mistaken. Of all these men, so justly celebrated
oil the historic page, none were Irishmen, and
| only one, so far as I know from history or tradi-
1 tion, was of Irish origin. Pinley was our first
I pioneer; Daniel Boone our second, in 17G9. He
1 was born in Maryland—where his ancestors had
. lived and died—moved thence, first to Viraima,
\ then to North Carolina, whence he emigrated to
! Kentucky. Of James Ilarrod's nativny nothing
is known. The McAfees were Virginians, fiom
what is now Botetourt county. Ben Logan was
the only man of all these who was of Irish de-
scent, and ho was not an Irishman.
Mr. KELLY. Who were his parents?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. They were
!l Irish persons who had at an early age emigrated
;! to Pennsylvania before the war of the Revolution,
;] when all were British subjects. They were mar-
; ried before the Revolution, and moved to Virginia,
<! where Ben Logan was born. He served two cam-
paigns before the American Revolution, and had
•! retired as a soldier, and was married, and lived
' where Abingdon now stands, before his emigra-
|: tion to Kentucky, which took place in 1775. If
the gentleman in his avarice for Celtic reputation
■' claims him as an Irishman, he might as well claim
'! me, for my maternal grandfather was an Irishman,
■ ! Who was also among the early settlers of Ken-
tucky. If he claims the McAfees and McBndes,
merely because they have Mc to their names, the
claim of the Irishmen may take in the title to al-
most our entire people.
I have read the history of Kentucky carefully,
and I have no recollection of a single one among
, all her early celebrated characters who was of
foreign birth. They were born 111 the colonies,
and iiad learned those lessons of peisonal inde-
pendence winch led our forefathers to win the 1
civil liberty we now enjoy, and 1 fear shall be so j
negligent of as sadly to abuse. I leturn to the j
gentleman the advice he proffered to me, to read |
again the history of Kentucky. 1
i Mr. KKLLY. The gentleman has said his 1
grandfather was an Irishman. I am glad to hear
it. I have no doubt that the gentleman m&y at-
tribute the solidity of his system to that fact.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I should
think it very possible that it may have come from
the other side. My grandfather, on the other
side, was a Virginian. My whole stock on both
sides runs back to the Revolution,
Mr. KELLY. The question, then, is only a
question of time. I do not restrict the Celtic ele-
ment in this country within such narrow limits.
Iam willing to concede that the names I have cited
may have* been planted originally either in Mary-
land or Virginia before they appeared in the van-
guard of Kentucky civilization; but they were
Celts for all that; and they have left behind them
the unmistakable and indestructible mtirks of
Celtic bravery and true courage. But, sir, these
are incidents, not the substance of this contro-
versy. I only desired to point to the ungrateful
spirit of Americanism, which would ignore its own
blood, and tear down the monuments of our co-
lonial or revolutionary glory, because they per-
petuate the names as well as the deeds of our
Celtic forefathers. I care not if you trace them
to the very moment they first set foot on these
shores: you cannot go behind that, unless you
claim for them an aboriginal lineage. Where you
stop I shall begin;and be assured, in tracing back
the current of blood to its parent fountain, I shall
need no better compass to guide my steps to the
Celtic source than that which the McBi'ides and
McAfees supply. The ear-mark is there; it needs
no historian to fix its origin.
But, sir, may we not hope that a better day is
beginning to dawn upon our country ? We have
had enough, and more than enough, of this ran-
corous spirit of partisan warfare. It is time we
should forget those feuds that would separate
brother frombrother and friend from friend, and
meet once again on the common platform of true,
constitutional, American nationality. When our
liberties are menaced,and thefoeman dares to in-
vade our soil, we stop not to ask the birth-place
of our ancestors, or the period of our own or our
fathers' emigration. Are we true and loyal to the
I Constitution of our country, and ready to peril
j our life in its defense? That was the revolution-
ary standard of citizenship; let it, in the name of
! God and of librcty, be ours also. Our adopted
| citizens have, in 110 instance, proved themselves
unwoithy this standard, and they are not likely
Mo degenerate in future tunc. The German and
] the Irishman of to-day ate no less patriotic and
ardent ill the cause of human freedom than the
i German and the Irishman of the Revolution. We
may, perhaps, sooner than we imagine,need the
: bra\ery of all our sons. A wily enemy is lurk-
; ing about our borders. Her emissaries and agents
are maiauding about the waters of our southern
I States, and already our flag has been insulted and
1 our citizens maltreated by these arrogant lnter-
1 meddlers. We may need the union of all true
! hearts and bold hands. Let us not palsy the na-
j tional strength by unmeaning distinctions and
j illiberal proscription. Our truest glory consists
in our birthright of freedom. Our freedom is but
a name without the virtues of our sires.
KANSAS AND THE ADMINISTRATION.
SPEECH OF HON. A. II. CRAGIN,
of new hampshire,
In the House of Rex'Reskntatives,
May 34, 1858.
Tilt; House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. CRAGIN said:
Mr. Chairman: Having failed to put the Le-
compton fraud and swindle through this House
naked, and thereby fasten slavery upon the State
of Kansas against the known and expressed will
of her people, the godfathers of the monster have
concluded to clothe it in garments of gold,a,nd
send it back to the people, and if possible, bribe
them to adopt it as 'heir legitimate child. It is
to be taken to the Territory of Kansas with a
bribe in one hand and a scourge in the other. It
is hoped that its residence, in the pure, polite, and
refined society of Washington for the past few
