1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
additional expense to the Governmeftt. The ex-
pense is only here. If they incumber the mails,
that is a matter for the contractors; and they
would not agree to abate anything if that branch
of agriculture were dispensed with. The con-
tracts for transporting the mail would be as great
then as now, 1 have no doubt; so that, on that
ground, there would be no saving.
My honorable friend from Missouri says he
ruined a man's crop; and, therefore, the seeds
ought not to be distributed, and ought not to be
collected, 110 matter how useful they may gener-
ally be. He gives a particular instance in which
some man, not understanding the characterof the
seed he received, or the culture of the plant, or
the value of it when produced, thought he was
ruined. No doubt, if that man had known how
to take care of that tobacco, how to cultivate it,
he might have made a fortune by it. There are
some persons in eastern Texas I know that have
this year shipped vast quantities of tobacco, and,
doubtless, will sell it at two dollars a pound. It
is the Cuba tobacco; and, I presume, tnat is a de-
scription not suited to the climate and latitude of
Missouri—it being a cold, northern climate; and
the distribution of Cuba tobacco seed was a fail-
ure in that section of country; but I have no doubt
it succeeded in fifty instances where the climate
was adapted to it. A man who reasons on the
subject, knows that all descriptions of plants are
not suited to every variety of climate. That man
ascertained by that experiment that the descrip-
tion of seed he had received was not suited to the
climate of Missouri; but that does not prove that
it was not suited to a southern climate.
My opinion is, that we cannot expend this
amount of money to greater advantage for the
community at large in any other way we can in- |
vest it. At one time there was an attempt made j
here to put down the Patent Office report. Why, i
sir, not a clay transpires that I do not get appli-
cations not only from the State which I represent,
but from different parts of the Union, for Patent
Office reports, the agncultuial part and the me-
chanical part. In different sections of the coun-
try I find the people are anxious for their distribu-
tion, so that I really think these two blanches of
expenditure are the most useful that are made in
the country. For that reason, I shall vote against
striking out this appropriation, believing as I do
that the distribution of seeds and cuttings and
yams and various other things that are dissem-
inated through the southern country, is the most
beneficial use that can be made of the same amount
of. money, and'lie community are more largely
benefited" by it than by any other expenditure of
the Government. I shall therefore vote against
striking: u out.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, our annual ex-
penditures for the support of the Government, we
are told here daily, are running up to sixty or
seventy million dollars. Here is a small item for
one of the most important branches of industry—
§60,01)0 for the uses of agriculture. I do not pro-
pose to inquire how far the distribution of seeds
has answered the purpose intended. I know that
would be a subject of great controversy, for I am
aware that there are serious complaints as to the
administration of this department, and that impo-
sitions have been practiced in the distribution of
seed. But, sir, I do not feel willing to strike down
tins department, to lefu^e the appropriations, to
leave the machinery standing without the means
of carrying it on. If experience has demonstrated
that tins department of the public service is un-
necessary, that it has failed to accomplish the end
designed, let us consider that question appropri-
ate Iy, and abolish the office and the officer; but I
am not prepared to do that. I think the agricul-
tural interests of this counti y are entitled to this
small pittance, although it may not operate as
satisfactorily as had been hoped. I would very
willingly agree to a proper inquiry into this sub-
ject; to have it fully inquired into, and if it was
ascertained thatit was unnecessary or unsuccess-
ful, to abolish tins branch of the agricultural de-
partment; but 1 do not think it wise to withhold
the appropriation while the machinery is allowed
to exist. I shall vote to continue the appropriation.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Pennsylvania
is entirely mistaken, if he supposes theie is any
such department of the Government, I know of
none such. An agricultural department of this
Government! When was it organized >
Mr. BIGLER. I did not say an agricultural
department.
Mr. GREEN. What then ?
Mr. BIGLER. It belongs to the Patent Office.
Mr. GREEN. Where is our right to establish
a Patent Office? Because the Constitution says we
have aright to give exclusive privileges to dis-
coverers and inventors of useful machines; and on
that ground you undertake to establish an agri-
cultural bureau ! The proposition has been made
in Congress time and again, but always voted !
down. I know how popular it is to pander to a '
popular sentiment, and to praise the farmers.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow me a :
moment? Is not this duty performed under a law ? |
Is it not a duty required at the hands of the of- -
ficers? I say the machinery exists. j
Mr. PUGH. This is the only jaw on the sub- ;
ject. If we leave out the item, there will be no 1
law for it. :
Mr. GREEN. I say I am aware of the fact j
that politicians are apt to suppose that to flatter j
the mechanics, the fanners, the "mud sills," will J
be very proper; but, sir, I want this Government |
confined to its legitimate purposes. It has the j
right to make property of that thing which, with- j
out law, would not he property; and that is to
grant an exclusive right to the man who makes a j
discovery. By natural law it would be no prop- I
erty. The moment he used it and another saw it, \
the"latter could use it also; but by constitutional j
provision, and by the law of the land, his discov- |
ery is made property. There is no other prop- ]
erty in the world made property by law. Under :
this guise, under this limited grant given to sum- 1
uldte discovery and inventive genius, we are un- ;
dertaking to build up an agricultural hnteau,and •
then to sustain it vole large appropriations out of ;
the public fund collected of all the people, to do ;
j no good, and in violation of the Constitution. I ^
J know that Missouri is as much interested in agri- _
: cultural production as any other State, in propor- !
! tion to population, and I know it is as much my [
! interest to flatter the people of Missouri as any- j
i body else's; but I will not \ ote the people of Mis- ;
' souii one dollar when 1 have not the right to do ,
it. What right have I to furnish their seed-wheat, j
their seed-corn, and their seed tor tobacco, and
for hemp and other productions ? Is this Govern-
ment to carry on a large farm, to furnish seed,
slips, and cuttings for garden plants, orchards,
and nurseries ' When the association of States
was formed, it was supposed to be a Government
to conduct our foreign relations, and nothing in
reference to our internal relations except the spe-
cific powers specified in the Federal Constitution.
We arc departing further and further from it every
day, lam sorry to see; and we are appealed to
because farmers are a popular class, and a meri-
torious class; and we are appealed to on behalf
of mechanics, because they, too, are meritorious.
Sir, all classes of the community are merito-
rious, and I trust I shall always find it in my heart
to love them all alike, not to put one above an-
other because it is a more numerous class^and
1 will give more votes. They aie ail alike. Each
j performs his functions in the machinery of so-
il ciety. Each is entitled to honor acc >rdmg to the
i manner in which he discharges that duty. But
j let individuals pursue their own avocations; iet
j Government puisue its duty, and confine itself to
{ the performance of that duty; and not buy seed to
I distribute, or buy machines to distribute. We
1 have the same right to buy machines to give to
! the factories in the Northeast, as we have to buy
| seed to give to the farmers, and brood-cattle and
' horses to give to the stock laisers. It is a de-
| paiture fiom the object of the Government; it is
! a practical violation of the Constitution, which we
| all ought to support.
: I know it is an ungracious task to expose these
; things; 1 know it is unpopular to say one word
! against them. If my popularity depends on pan-
! dering to a vitiated taste, I want it to go. I will
' defend the truth as I understand it; because I know
i the people well enough to know there is honesty
| in their heart that will respond to it, and sustain
: the man who does it. Why, sir, what good doea
j this se *d do? None. What harm does it do? It
I loses crops; it taxes the public to buy th^m; it
j taxes the mails to carry them; all of which is a
public injury, and a public injury done m viola-
!! tion of the Constitution. 1 know we have a right
■ to establish a Patent Office, because there is a
special, specific power given in the Constitutions
but that is to issue letters patent.
It is time for us to cast about us and reflect upon
the tendency of*congressional action. Under a
specific grant of power to particular men who
make discoveries and who ought to be protected,
and which makes property of that which, with-
out law, would not be property, we have gone on
to extend the Patent Otfice until it is to boacom-
mon almoner of the farmers and mechanics of the
country. Of the Patent Office report this last
year—the last one I have s-een,at least, for 1856—
three fourths does not pertain to the Patent Office.
It is a long history of squirrels, of scorpions, of
bats, of vampires; and it, too, is a vampire, suck-
ins: the blood of the Treasury. Why is this ?
What right have we to publish an essay upon
quadrupeds, birds, bats, and beasts? Is there any
constitutional power to do it? It is a departure
from the original purpose for which the Consti-
tution was designed when it said Congress should
have power to grant exclusive rights to inventors
and discoveiers. Some £ood suggestion may oc-
casionally occur in the Patent Office report, and
it would be very strange if it did not; but I should
like for any Senator to say whether, out of the
five hundred pages, he can find five pages of sensi-
ble matter pertaining to the legitimate objects for
which the Constitution designed the Patent Of-
fice. So with the seed, and so with everything
else connected with it.
1 exceedingly regret that I have been compelled
to enter my protest against it, and I regret it be-
cause the public will say, " you are coming in
contact with the farmers: you do so much for tho
mechanics; you do so much for the commercial
interests; and why not do something for the furm-
eis'" I am as anxious to do all I can for the farm-
ers as for any other class; but when 1 have no
power to do it, a sensible farmer would not ask
mo to do it, an honest farmer would not expect
me to do it, and I will do no more for any one
class than 1 will do for the faimeis, except where
there is a special constitutional power and duty
incumbent on me, as in the case of inventors. They
are entitled to a special protection under the Con-
stitution, to which others are not entitled; and that
will apply to the farmer as well as to the mechanic.
If he can make :i discovery which is useful to his
fellow-citizens, he can be protected in it as well as
the mechanic. They can all be protected alike.
Let us simplify this Patent Office, and bring it
down to first principles. Let us throw oflf all this
extraneous matter, and this wasteful expenditure
of money; this breaking down of the mail; this
destruction of the crops; this heaping up of bur-
dens on the people unnecessarily, and rn violation
of the Constitution, and come back to the starting
point as it was fifteen years ago. Why, sir, fif-
teen years ago, according to my recollection, the
PatentOffice leport wasaboutten,fifteen, or thirty
pages. As late as itf44 it did not make three hun-
dred pages. In 1856, it was four large volumes,
each one numbering at least five hundred pages—
two thousand pages of Patent Office report. It is
an expense. It is not a benefit. It is a departure
from the original purpose as designed by the Con-
stitution; and 1 hope, therefore, this proposition
will prevail.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote for the motion made
by the Senator from Ohio. Tins is a proposition
to appropriate $60,000 for the purchase of seeds,
which amounts to about two hundred dollars for
each member of the Senate and House of Repte-
sentritives. Last year, I think we appropriated
seventy or seventy-five thousand dollars, amount-
ing to nearly two hundred and fifty dollars a piece;
1 and, I venture to say, we can buy for five dollars
all the seeds each member receives. I think we
ought to do all we can to cut down this matter of
i distributing seeds and documents. The members
! of Congress have become simple agents for tho
; distribution of seeds and documents in the coun-
, try; and it is a tax on our tune, which pievents
■ us from devoting hours that we ought to devoto
to the reading of the bills and the papers necessary
to give intelligent votes in Congress. I believe
tne country receives
no benefit from all this vast
outlay. I shall vote on all occasions to cut this
matter down, and to keep it out of Congress.
Mr. IVERSON. But two Senators upon this
floor have advocated disappropriation of ^0,000.
One is the Senatorfrom Texas, [Air. Houston,]
and the other the Senator from Pennsylvania, on
