2458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
this side of the Chamber, [Mr. Bigler.] Now, j unequivocal, gross violation of the Constitution
sir, the Senator from Texas, I believe, does not h of the United States; and I do not see how any
claim to be a member of the Democratic party. In l| man, in consistency with his own conscience, can
fact, I do not know what party he does claim to !| vote for it. Especially X do not see how a Dem-
belong to. I think he is rather a sort of mongrel ] \ ocrat, a man who has been all his life professing
politician, and it is very difficult to classify him, ji Democratic principles, can in this way violate the
He goes for about anything and everything that ,
suits his own discretion and taste; and his taste is j
generally very correct. He can advocate this
thing and that, thing and the other and anything |
he chooses without being inconsistent, so far as !
regards his political principles, because 1 do not j
understand that he professes any political princi- !
pies. But the Senator from Pennsylvania, within i
the sound of my voice—he is not in his seat, but!
I should like him to come in because I want to
catechise him for a moment—professes to belong
to the Democratic party; at least be is amember ,i and so on here, there, and everywhere, we shall
of the Democratic organization; and the cardinal 1 reduce the expenditures to something like a rea-
Constitution and the cardinal features and prin-
ciples of the Democratic party. This, to be sure,
is not a very large sum. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania says this is a small sum; and he is not
willing to cutout this small appropriation because
it does not enter into the large expenditures of
this Government, about which so much complaint
has been made. I commend to the Senator the
old Scotch proverb, " that many mickles make a*
muckle;"and if we shall cutout this little appro-
priation here, and that little appropriation there,
principle of that party, if I understand it, is, that
Congress can exercise no power,except the power ;
be granted in the Constitution, or it bo necessary I
and proper in order to carry out some specific \
grant. j
Now, sir, I ask the Senator from Pennsylvania
sonable amount. It is those small items which
creep into the appropriation bills, that swell the
expenditures of the Government, and make the
foundation and give the license for larger and
more extravagant expenditures in violation of
the Constitution and the true intention of the
for a little information. I am a mere tyro in pol- i Government.
itics, and he is a very experienced and distin-ij Apart, however, from any constitutional ques-
guished man. I desire him to point out to me the j tion, so far as the appropriation for the distribu-
clause in tlie Constitution which authorizes Con-, [ tion of seeds is concerned, I do not believe it does
gress to expend money to buy seed for the plant- j a particle of good. The Senator from Missouri
ers. I ask for information; because if there is
such a clause, I have never been able to discover
it. Perhaps the greater acuteness of that Senator
may have enabled him to discover the clause which
authorizes this appropriation. I wish to be in-
formed; [ dm a scholar ready to receive informa-
tion. I want the Senator to point out to me the
clause in the Constitution of the United States
which authorizes the expenditure of money out
of the public Treasury to buy seeds to distribute
to the planteis of this countiy, or to buy any
Other propeity for geneial distiibution. The Sen-
ator, like myself, went to that desk, when he was
introduced into this body, and took a solemn oath
to observe the Constitution of the United States.
This is a Government of limited powers. Itcan
exeicise no power except that which is specifically
granted. Now, sir, I want that Senator to answer ;
me, how he reconciles it to lus conscience, as an 1
honorable and honest man, to vote for such a \
proposition as this ? He is a member of the Dein- |
ocratic party; the cardinal feature of that party i
is, that this power cannot be exercised; and yet ;
lie votes for it. ]
Sir, it is said that that Senator is the "right bow- ,
er,"speaking m common pailanee [laughter]—>
1 mean in "ambler's phrase—ofa Democratic Ex- I
ocutive. Well sir, 1 should be\cry sorry to think j
that the piesent Democratic Executive would vote i
appropriations of this sort, or sanction them. If
he would, then ho is not the Democrat I take him j
to be; he is not the Democrat I took him to be j
when 1 voted for him. If he is thatfishy Democrat ,
that might be mfened from such a proposition as j
this, I would not vote for him again. There are j
a great many Democrats, in the northern States |
especially, who go off upon these large construc- |
live powers of the Government. The Senator !
from Pennsylvania and others, sometimes vote ]
for internal improvements. How do they arrive i
at it? According to the interpolation of the Sen- \
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,| yesterday or the j
day before, the power " to regulate commerce" j
is u power to regulate and protect commeiee. It |
was very well for the Senator fuun Ohio to inject ;
the woi d " pi utect" into the Constitution, but 1
do not think it is there. He called it the power
to regulate and piotect commerce, and that au-
thouzes Congress to build piers and dredge out
rivers and harbois, and appropiiato millions to
the construction of those works! The Constitu-
tion contains no such woid as "to protecf'com-
morcc. It is to legulato commerce," and that
is altogether a different phrase, mtamngaveiy
different thing. ''To regulate" is to establish
rules bv which commerce shall be controlled and
has stated a case where the distribution of seeds
from the Patent Office injured one of his friends.
T remember to have heaid several years ago of a
Representative from the State of Tennessee who
received some of these Patent Office seeds marked
with a " highfalutin"botanical name, and he sent
them all over his district supposing they were
something extremely valuable, and the planters
planted them supposing them to be something very
extiaordmaiy and recherche; but m couise of time
there come up some noxious weeds that destroyed
not only their crops but their land, anil the man
lost his election the next time, because he had in-
troduced these things into his district. Now I
hope and trust that if this appropriation is passed,
every man that votes for it will lose his election,
I including the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania. [Laugh-
ter.]
What seeds are sent to us to distribute to our
constituents? Eveiy man here knows from per-
sonal experience what they are—cabbages and
turnips and onions and beets and those things
which are m the possession of every housewife in
the United States. There is not a woman in my
country that does not raise these things herself,
I or that would turn upon her heel to thank you
j for the seed you might distribute to her. And
' what are they worth? As the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has very properly remarked, we are
appropriating, $60,000 to purchase se^ds fur dis-
tribution, when live dollars would be a liberal
equivalent for all the seeds that any Senator or
any member of the House of Representatives
receives. They arc sent to me in boxes, and it
gives infinite trouble and labor to distribute them,
because I have to select out from amongst one
hundred thousand people in the State of Georgia,
those to whom I shall send them. It is not an
easy task, sir, and 1 do not think I gain any popu-
larity by it. Now and then I may get a man to
thank me for giving him some seeds—a few pa-
pers of cabbage or turnip seeds or onion seed or
something of that sort, which can be bought in
the seed shops all over the United States, for five
cents or six and a quarter cents a paper, in great
abundance. Indeed, if you go .into the coun-
try, the old women will give them to you, and
supply their neighbors without stint and without
price. But these are the kinds of seed we get
from the Patent Office to distribute. They have
got an agent traveling all over Europe for the
purpose of getting seeds. It is but an appropii-
ation to feed a few hungry office-holders. That
is the sum and substaucc of it. It is to feed a
few officers, clerks, and others in this so-called
bureau of agriculture, in the Patent Office. Tt is
directed—not that you shall facilitate, improve, to give them the means of living luxuriously in
enltuge u, increase Jt. That is notlo regulate—
that is to protect according to the constitutional j
consttue;ion of the Senator fuvn Ohio. _ ,
But, Nil', wii")*' in the Constitution of the Uni-,
t< d States do we get the power to distribute seeds
throughout thec/ountry? Nowhere, aeeoiding to
my reading of that instrument. It j-j a positive,
the city of Washington. Sir, i am not willing
to take the money of my constituents out of their
pockets for the purpose of feeding, in the city of
Washington, these men who live upon the bounty
of Government. I do not believe the distribution
of these seeds is valuable to any portion of the
community. It is a rare exception when any-
thing is distributed that brings the least value to
the country.
Believing that the whole system is rotten,that
it is not in conformity with the Constitution,!
shall vote cheerfully to strikeout this appropria-
tion. It was only last session that we appropri-
ated, I think, $25,000, or perhaps a larger sum—
I do not remember the precise amount, but it was
very large—to be invested in sugar-cane for the
planters of Louisiana. An agent was sent down to
South America to buy the plants, and the twenty-
five, thirty, or fifty thousand dollars, or whatever
the amount was which was appropriated, was ex-
pended,andhebroughtback twocargoes of plants
which, when they got to New Orleans, were not
worth a button. They were all rotten, all decayed,
and the money that we appropriated had no other
effect than to give Mr. Glover a very agreeable,
pleasant trip to South America and back in one
of the national ships. That is the character of
these expenditures generally. They result in no
good; they do not give any popularity to Sena-
tors and Representatives—at least I do not think
they have ever affected me in that way; and I doubt
very much whether the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia has acquired any substantial addition to his
fame and reputation by this distribution. I hope
the appropriation will be stricken out.
Mr. BIGLER. I have not been m the habit,
sir, if I understand myself at all, of regulating my
action by reference to popularity. I think I can
repel that charge with about as much safety as
my honorable friend from Georgia. The question
that occupied this country for four long months
of this session may have been or may not have
been a question of popularity for the Senatorfrom
Georgia; it was a question in which that honora-
ble Senator fcltdeeply interested, because his con-
stituents were interested. Sir, if I had feared
popular feeling, I should not have stood by that
honorable Senator on that question. When the
Senatorfrom Georgia shall have met what north-
ern Senators and northern Democrats have met
year after year, in struggling for the constitutional
rights of his people, then he may be at liberty to
talk about the responsibility of voting for or against
garden seeds, radish seeds, turnip seeds, onions,
cabbages, and sugar-cane. [Laughter.] Why,
Mr. President, no man would suppose that the
honorable Senator could be so excited about su-
gar-cane and onions. [Laughter.] It is scarcely
generous in the Senator to rise here and catechise
an inexperienced member like myself, on a great
constitutional question—the question whether on-
ion seeds have been, constitutionally sent abroad.
[Laughter.]
The Patent Office is constitutionally estab-
lished, because the Constitution says such a de-
partment shall be established. I spoke of this
distribution of seeds as a part of the practice in
that department, as the agricultural and mechan-
ical reports are a part of the practice. If it be
unwise, as I said before, if it be an abuse of the
proper purpose of that department, let that fact
be inquired into, and I am as ready as the Sena-
tor to vote to correct the error. But, sir, when
did we begin? The honorable Senator has the
advantage of me, for I have not had time to ex-
amine the records; but somehow or other I am
strongly inclined to believe i should fmd that Sen-
ator voting for these seeds at some time or other.
Mr. IVERSON. No.
Mr. BIGLER. Very well, sir. He appeals
to me on the solemnity of my oath. He says,
that like him, I took an oath here to sustain the
Constitution, and if I vote for those seeds to the
people of Pennsylvania, I shall have done vio-
lence to my conscience. [Laughter.] I am not
going to do any such thing. I am going to vote
for the seeds conscientiously. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
But, sir, I am not willing that garden and onion
seeds and garlic, shall be a test of Democratic
faith. [Laughter.] We have understood it other-
wise in the North. Northern Democrats, Mr.
President, are as sound on those great principles
which underlie and sustain our institutions as are
our southern friends. Now, sir, an honest con-
fession: the best of you, when a question comes
before this body, which involves the interests and
feelings of your constituents, and your chances
for office, are very liable to construe the Consti-
tution with some facility. When northern Re-
H publicans tell the Senatorfrom Georgia, that the
