1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
049
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I am opposed to the
proposition, as I think the best practicable route
is known To show that it is,1 ask to have read,
as part of my remarks, an extract from the mes-
sage of Governor Randall, of Wisconsin.
It was read, as follows:
" The necessity of a thoroughfare by wagon or by railroad,
or by both, in our own latitude, to the Pacific, for the con-
venience of trade and emigration, is so apparent that I sug-
gest that the Legislature join m the effous now being made
tor that put pose, and memorialize Congress on tin? .subject.
From the head of Lake Superior to Pnger Sound, the dis-
tance in a direct line is about fouiteen bundled miles, and
by the railroad route lately explored by Governor Stevens,
about eighteen hundred miles. The explorations and sur-
veys of the several routes—northern, middle, and southern
—have resulted in establishing the fact that the northern
route possesses advantages over ali the others yetexplored,
in these particulates: ltrequires, by connecting with present
roads, less lailroad to be built, to make a iaihoad commu-
nication between the Atlantic and Pacific, by sevoial hun-
dred miles. It is through a bettei district of countiy—one
capable of sustaining an agricultuial population nearly the
entire way. The gradients are lessand the general altitude
much lower. It furnishes a greater supply, with more gen-
eral distubution of wood, timber, coal, water, and building
{■tone, and facilities for supplying workmen and material m
rhe piogress ot the work. Between the navigable waters of
the Missouri at Fort Benton, and the navignble waters of
the Columbia at the mouth of the l'eluse river, fifty miles
above Fort Wallah Wallah, the distance is four bundled
and fifty miles. With these and other facilities for furnish-
ing supplies, the work of constructing this railroad can be
simultaneously commenced, and earned forward at Lake
Superior, JPuget Sound, Fort Benton, and Fort Wallah
Wallah, thus requiring less time for its completion than
other routes where the work must be continuous fiom either
terminus. The climate, too, of the northern route, is better
adapted to labor, and a greater amount can be periorincd m
a given length of time by the same force. In a coinmeicial
point of view, tins line is the most direct between the great
shipping ports ot A^iaand India, and the great eommeiejal
cities, New York and Liverpool; and for Notth Anienran
produce it avoids the tropical legions. It is of the gieate-.t
impoitance that Congress should make an appiopnation for
a wagon road rrom Fort Benton to Wallah Wallah. It is
believed that $000,000 will bo sufficient for this puiposc."
The question was taken on Mr. Maynard's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the resolution, by adding, after the word
" construction,"thefollowing words: " of a road,
railroads, and telegraphic lines to the Pacific occan;
and all petitions and matters relating thereto, be
referred to a committee of fifteen, to be appointed
by the Speaker, with leave to report at any time."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit a ques-
tion of order on this amendment. It proposes to
change the rules by permitting this committee to
report at any time. That may not be done, ex-
cept there be one day's notice, or except the rules
be suspended; and this committee cannot suspend
the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I will modify
my amendment, by striking out that portion of it
which authorizes the committee to report at any
time.
I desire to call the attention of the committee
to the proceedings which took place on the 19th
day of December last. I think, sir, that it is well
for us to look at this matter a little, to sec its
present position as compared with what took
place on this subject a few weeks since. The
amendment which I offer is very nearly in the lan-
guage of the resolution submitted by the honor-
able gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett.]
Immediately upon that resolution being offered,
thegentloman from Mississippi [Mr. BarksdaleJ
moved that it be laid upon the table. That reso-
lution provided for the appointment of a special
committee to take this Pacific railroad question
into consideration. I want the committee to un-
derstand what was the action on the resolution
at that time. I find, by referring to the proceed-
ings of the House, which I hold in my hand,
that on the vote to lay the resolution on the table,
the yeas were—94, and the nays 9G; the proposi-
tion only failing of being tabled by two majority.
And, sir, I was astonished on looking at this
record, to find that my Democratic colleagues, or,
perhaps, I might say, in view of recent events,
my lute Democratic colleagues, every one of them
voted that the resolution should be laid upon the
table. Even among them I find the name of my
colleague and friend from the Alton district, [Mr.
Smith,] who, the other day, made such a glow-
ing and eloquent appeal to us to appoint this spe-
cial committee, and who went so far as to suggest
the extreme measure of direct taxation, in order to
accomplish and complete this great work. Well,
the HQuse refused to lay the resolution upon the
table by a close vote. Immediately, the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes,] on the other
side of the House, made the rather unusual mo-
tion to reconsider that vote. A point of order
was made upon the motion, but the Chair decided
that the motion was in order.
Then, sir, what do we find farther? When the
motion to icconsider was entertained, in order to*
settle the matter and get at a direct vote, I moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Let us look still further; though the House re-
fused to table the resolution of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Bennett,] by two votes, yet it
refused to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider that vote by ten majority, all my Democratic
colleagues, and, I believe, all the Democrats from
Indiana,exceptone. [Mr. Davis,] voting with the
majority. And also, among the number who voted
against laying the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana upon the table, and thus leaving the mat-
ter open, I find the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] who is the author of the resolution be-
fore the committee. I will not undertake to say
that these gentlemen were not then, as they pro-
fess to be now, friends of this measure; but it
seems strange, indeed, that we find them now so
zealous for the appointment of a committee to be
headed by the gentleman from Missouri, while
they were opposed to the committee proposed to
be raised b^the resolution of the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Chairman, I am
opposed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois. I take no part in the question between
him and his colleagues; but I desire, on this oc-
casion, to put myself right in relation to the vote
I saw proper to cast on the resolution of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett,] a few
days ago. I was one of the number that the gen-
tleman from Illinois thiuksproper to refer to who
voted against that proposition. My position has
always been favorable to the construction of a rail-
road from the Atlantic to the Pacific. I believe
that the project is proppr and constitutional. I
will state, to prevent my position being misunder-
stood, that I voted against the resolution of the
gentleman from New York for the reason that
there was nothing upon which to predicate such
aresolution. No bill had been introduced and pre-
sented for the consideration of the House. The
question had been presented by the President's
annual message, but no steps had been taken for
its reference; and this is the ground which is oc-
cupied by many gentlemen who favor the con-
struction of a Pacific railroad, and who voted
against the resolution of the gentleman from New
York. There was nothing upon which to base it.
The usual number, sir, was thirteen. That was
the number of the committee which acted on this
great and important question at the last Congress.
So far as my recollection serves me. that was the
number of that committee, and I believe that it is
sufficient. The larger you make the committee,
the more difficult will it be to get a majority to-
gether to act.
My impression is, Mr. Chairman, that we have
talked about this question long enough, and that
we ought to act, and act at once. It is to be hoped
that this resolution of the gentleman from Mis-
souri will be agreed to; that the committee will
be raised; and that they will engage industriously
in the discharge of their duties, and report such
a bill as will insure its passage through this body.
For myself, sir, I have aparticular route m view,
which I believe is the most practicable; and when
the question comes up, 1 shall be ready to express
my views as to the practicability of the routes
suggested. Notwithstanding I may believe that
a certain route is more practicable than another,
I stand here pledged to-day to vote for almost
any route rather tlian have none at all. I am op-
posed to the proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois, and think the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri, as originally presented, a good
one.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
I understand the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois to be to strikeout certain words just'
now inserted by the gentleman from Tennessee.
I make the point of order, that when the House,
by a vote, has inserted words, it is not in order
to move to strike those words out. I make the
point, because I believe the words inseited on
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, to be
the best we can adopt.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman that he understands the rule to be
this: when certain words are inserted by the com-
mittee or the House, it is not in orderHo strike
those words out; but a motion to strike out an-
other part of the resolution carrying those words
with it, is in order, because it is a different prop-
osition. The Chair will read a short extract from
the Manual. "After 'a5 is inserted "—the amend-
ment of thegentleman from Tennessee is compre-
hended under the term ua,"and remembering
that, the gentleman from North Carolina will un-
derstand the decision of the Chair—" it may be
moved to strike out a portion of the original par-
agraph comprehending 'a.' M It is true, that a
motion to strike out certain words, and no other
words, would not be in order; but a motion to
strike out a portion of the original paragraph,
carrying with it the words inserted, would be in
order, because it is a different proposition. The
Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. BRANCH. I believe the decision of the
Chair is correct, and therefore withdraw my point
of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to offer an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Amendment is not in
order.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BENNETT offered the fallowing as a sub-
stitute for the pending resolution:
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as lelatos to the subject of a Pacific railroad
be referred to a select committee of thirteen, to be appointed
by the Speaker. And m order fairly to represent the various
bections of the Union, said cornimttec shall be appointed
from the different States, as follows :
From the New England Stales, New Vork,Michigan, Wis-
consin, Iowa, and Illinois, (80 members) 4
From New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana, (63
membeis)   3
From Maryland and Virginia,. (19 members)  1
From Delaware, Florida, North Carolina, and Georgia,
(18 members)  1
Fiom Tennessee, South Carolina, and Arkansas, (18
members)  1
From Kentucky, Missouri, and Texas, (19 members).... 1
From Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, (16 mem-
bers)    1
From California  1
33
Mr. BENNETT. If the friends of a Pacific
railroad in this House are willing to treat the va-
rious routes fairly, I am willing to vote for the
select committee moved by the gentleman from
Missouri. But if there is to be a favorite route,
and it is to be a southern route at all events,
and no other—a route that is to be urged as an
executive measure and which Democrats are to
favor, and if everything is to be drifted in that
direction, I am opposed to it from the beginning.
That resolution gives to the South a large pro-
portion of the committee. It will place upon that
committee five members who are, from location,
in favor of a southern route; while the northern
route has but four, and the central route only
three, classifying them according to location.
It is not strange that a gentleman who occu-
pies the position of the gentleman from Missouri
should be wedded to a particular route. Its real
starting point is from the capital of his State, and
it runs through his own district. I say it is not
strange that gentlemen occupying a position like
his should be in favor of a particular route. But
what 1 want in the organization of this committee,
if we are to have any, is that the committee shall
fairly lepresent all the routes,and the business of
the country; and that, coming from every section
of the Union, their report should have some credit
with the House as being a conclusion arrived at
from a conviction that it was the best route, and
not because it was a favorite route with the Ex-
ecutive, or because certain distinguished gentle-
men desired to have it adopted. 1 do not beltevo
the southern route is practicable, but I may bo
wrong in that opinion. I do not believe that
$500,000,000 in gold would build a railroad up<m
the southern route. I think it is utterly imprac-
ticable. Others, no doubt, think dilFerently; but
if they will give us a fair committee I am willing
to vote for raising it.
I presume the city of New York has more busi-
ness with California than all the southern Status
