1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2459
rendition of fugitive slaves is not constitutional,
he does not believe it—nor do I. When they tell
him that the Constitution does not protect the in-
stitution of slavery in the Territories, he does not
believe them—nor do I; but there are men who
vote here conscientiously, who differ with him on
these points.
But, sir, enough of that. What I am going to
say is this: that if it be so that a vote for these
garden seeds is to demoralize the Constitution,
is in derogation of the Constitution, then it has
been so broken up that it is scarce worth saving
at all. The honorable Senator from Georgia has
sat here silent in his seat year after year, and
witnessed the derogation of the Constitution on
this seed question, [laughter,] without ever open-
ing his mouth; and when he finds an humble rep-
resentative of the agriculturists, does he catechise
him about the question of seeds and onions ? No;
but he brings his constitutional question. He
knew very well that I could show no express au-
thority in the Constitution for any such service.
I do not know when this practice began; but 1 do
know that it has been indulged in for many years.
These appropriations, if my recollection serves
me, were made by the last Congress, and passed
with scarcely any division at all.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is mistaken. I
moved to strike it out both sessions of the last
Congress, and the vote was taken by yeas and
nays each time.
Mr. RIGLER. Very well; that may be so.
What I suggest is, that the vote for it was very
large. Why, sir, my honorable friend from Vir-
ginia was so satisfied that he could not strike out
these seeds, that his face bore the appearance of
despair. He had had a great deal of experience
in it. He told us at once that the other branch
would not yield it,and this body would not yield
it; and, therefore, 1 was under the impression that
it had been a very decided sentiment. My rec-
ollection is, that it was sustained in the last Con-
gress by a very large vote. What I say now to
my aged friend from Georgia [laughter] is, that
if he will sit here, year after year, and allow an
improper, unwise, and unconstitutional practice
to be indulged in, it is scarcely generous in him
to call me to so severe account so early in the
morning. [Laughter.]
Mr. 1VERSON. I have been waiting, of
course, upon the experience of the Seiicitor from
Pennsylvania to lead off in all these cases; but
the Senator is mistaken; I not only voted against
the appropriation two years ago, but made a few
remarks ao'ninst it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was very much astonished,
Mr. Pi esident, at the assault made upon me by my
friend from Georgia—1 will not say my venerable,
but 1 will say my juvenile friend. 1 admit that
speaking is veiy unnecessary on the present oc-
casion, and I dislike to interfere in this matter,
for it is a very pretty quarrel as it stands, between
those two Democratic gentlemen. [Laughter.]
The Senator from Georgia says that I belong to no
party. Well, sir, that is a great convenience, be-
cause theie is no dissension in my party. I am
perfectly accordant with myself. I heard thehon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,]
yesterday, complain of a breaking up—a split
among the Democracy on certain questions. I
have no comnlnmtof that kind to make in regard
to my party—I am a unit. [Laughter.] 1 have
no dissensions whatever with myself. I try to
keep my conscience <*s void as possible of offense,
and therefoie I always feel strong in the faith that
I am right. But really it seems to mo strange
that such a violent philippic should have been
delivered by the honorable. Senator from Georgia
against the distribution of seeds and other con-
veniences to the public, and that the Senatorfrom
Missouri should talk as if it were catering for pop-
ularity on this occasion; that we were advocating
the interests of the farmers or of the mechanics.
I mentioned neither farmers nor mechanics. The
seeds that I have been disuibutuig generally have
not been for farming purposes, but for culinary
and garden purposes. The Senatorfrom Georgia
arraigns me, too, for my gallantry to the ladies,
in endeavoring to contribute to their convenience
and to the supply of their tables—their vegetable
w.mts. I do not believe this is any evidence of
cat^nngon my part for popularity, for it is pretty
well understood that, if I'have been catering for
it, I have not been so fortunate as to secure it, at
least at home; and I have no aspirations upon the
face of the earth at this time, in advocating this
measure, but to contribute to the general comfort
of the families of the country, whether tiiey have
votes to give or votes to withhold. I believe I
would prefer sending seeds to the widows rather
than to those who had husbands to procure for
them these necessary vegetable conveniences.
[Laughter.] I have no disposition at all to cater
for popularity. This I deem a higher, holier ob-
ject than that. I would not seek popularity if I
could command it or win it by bowing and crin-
ging to popular favor or popular caprice. .Sir, it
should follow in my wake; it should be marshaled
iir my rear; I would lead its advance; I would
never go cringing and bowing to obtain us smiles.
I never sought popularity thus, and I never will.
But, sir, I cannot perceive how popularity would
be won in this way. It is a trifling matter, so far
as we are concerned; but I find that gentlemen
deem ita matterofinterference withtheirpeisonai
convenience, because the proper distribution of
these seeds occupies time and attention. I have
never devoted so much time heretofore as I have
at this session to this duty, because I have had
very many solicitations for these seeds that I have
desired to comply with. I have not only been
written to for them from my own State, but even
from the State of Maine; and I was anxious to
comply with the requests of my friends who sent
for them. I considered the sacrifice on my part |
as very little, compared to the cational gratifica- j
tion of the desires of persons wno wished to ob- |
tain them; and therefore I cheerfully complied, j
although it took a little time, (am not a fashion- I
able man, who, when the Senate is not sitting,
wish to occupy all my time at parties, smiling and
bowing, and making my devoirs to the ladies. I
have attained to that period of life when my no-
tions are becoming like myself—a little old-fash-
ioned;andl have not the facilities and attractions
I might have formerly possessed, and that other
gentlemen now possess, offering strong induce-
ments to enter into competition with the gay and
the gallant, and therefore I can devote time to this
purpose.
It has been repeated again that these seeds in-
cumber the mails. I think that is a mistake. The
contractor is bound to carry what is put m the
mail, and he obtains no additional price for any-
thing that is put in. He has to comply with his
contract, by transporting what is given to him to
carry, under a specific contract, without any con-
tingent additional expenses to the Government.
I shall not now investigate the constitutionality
of these expenditures. When I came here under
a Democratic Administration, I found the custom
existing in Washington at that time, as well as 1
recollect. I then commenced the distribution of
these seeds, and I have continued it up to the pres-
ent time. Never before do I recollect having
heard a complaint that it was unconstitutional.
In fact, sir, I never knew that it was an article of
the Democratic faith to adhere to the Constitu-
tion in all circumstances. I thought they had re-
pudiated the Constitution, substituting therefor
a principle which I have never yet fallen into;
and every four years they reestablish a principle
that I do not see recognized in the Constitution;
at least, it is not specifically authorized—I mean
the platform system. That is now ad-opted, and
it has been adopted within mv recollection, and
not a great many years since. It met the dnect
discountenance of a man whose memory will be
sacred with every Demociat that lives upon the
earth, ay more, sacred with every patriot—I mean
Jackson. Was h-e ever nominated by n caucus?
Was he nominated by a convention ? No; but he
indignantly spumed the offer when they wanted
him to go into the first convention at Baltimore.
It had his brand upon it, burned as upon the front
of Cain by the Almighty wrath. Yet that is the
doctrine now, and that is the text-book of the
Democratic paity. I ha\e not quit Democracy;
I am still a Democrat; but I am not a Democrat of
platform principles. Th^ present so-called Dem-
ocratic party pursues the routine of platforms,
ignoring the Constitution. The Constitution is
the text, but the platforms are the context. They
lug in sectional issues, try to reconcile conflicting
interests, and clip the great wings of party so that
it cannot fly, but goes hobbling along, left to reach
its destiny as it may. I repel the charge that I
am not a 'Democrat in principle; and I challenge
any gentleman to come forward and put his finger
upon a sentiment f have ever uttered, or a prin-
ciple that I have ever avowed, that is not in ac-
cordance with Democracy. I have never departed
from it; and if other gentlemen have indulged in
slight aberrations, it is no business of mine: they
are not accountable to me, nor am I accountable
to them.
Sir, these seeds have sprouted. When they
will finish growing, I cannot tell. There is a very
important branch of them, that my friend from
Georgia did not think of—-the ruta-baga turnip.
That is a very important turnip, [laughter,] and
I have not seen anything so much in demand as
that vegetable. It is most exceUentjit is not only
productive, but it is delicate and remarkably fine.
That and the garlic, and other species of seeds,
are all very well received, and I arn still for send-
ing them forth, unless the honorable Senator will
convince me that it is unconstitutional. I find
opposed to him on that point a gentleman for
whom I have a very great respect—the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, who I believe is a
staunch Democrat; one who tells us that he has
stood up in support of southern Democracy with
great fidelity, and I believe with some adventure
and great sacrifice; even sometimes of personal
inclination. [Laughter.] He thinks it is con-
stitutional. I have as good aright to rely upon
his constitutional opinion as upon those of the
Senator ftom Georgia. I have great respect for
Georgia; but I must have some forthe Keystone
State. They both are members of the old thir-
teen; and I admit that the people I represent are
butyounkers in comparison with the citizens of
the older States. Georgia, on the Atlantic sea-
board, where commerce is abundant, where they
are suriounded by intelligent communities, has
great advantages that a new country has not—like
Texas, on the frontier, wheie little settlements
are removed, as El Paso is, six or eight hundred
miles from the main body of the people. There
they have not the facilities they have in Georgia.
The people of Georgia are an educated people;
they have every advantage possible; every com-
mercial facility to obtain those things which can
only reach, by extraordinary means, the remote
verges of civilization m the United States, through
the medium of Senators and Representatives.
Hence it is that I feel it my duty to do whatever
I think will contubute to their comforts; to their
advantages, to supply the defects that exist in
their peculiar situation; and I know no means of
more readily attaining that object than by distrib-
uting information on the subject of agriculture,
through the Patent Office reports, and at the same
time distributing such rare seeds as may be con-
venient and useful to them.
In the ordinary course of things, without the
facilities furnished by the Government, how long
wouid it have taken the Chinese sugar-cane to
reach the lemotest verge of Texas, where it is
now flourishing, and where vast quantities of mo-
lasses are made from it, and not less than fifty or
sixty acres are now cultivated by a single planter,
who, a few years ago, had to tran^poit his sugar
seveial hundred miles, and pay duties upon it?
That is being perfected there as one of the grand
piodnctions of the country, and it lias affected
the distribution of comforts that could not have
reached them withoutgreat expense for years and
yeais to come; and m portions of the country
where the indigenous cane of Ameiica could not
be culuvau d, and could not be pioducuve. These
arc some of the advantages we have derived.
Again, corn has been introduced into that coun-
try from the Patent Office that is productive be-
yond all former example; not only that, but every
variety of wheat thrown upon a soil the most pro-
ductive on earth. Our soil will produce from
thirty to fifty bushels of wheat, per acre. Our
whole country, from latitude 31° to 36°t? is adapted
to the culture of wheat, cotton, and other j>rod-
ucts that are lare in other portions of the Union.
Our staple crop there has been benefited and im-
proved by the distribution of seeds obtained trom
the Patent Office. Cotton seed has been intro-
duced of peculiar and productive character; and
that is an improvement to our agricultural inter-
ests.
Sir, I have not urged this as any peculiar ben-
efit to the farmer; but when we look at hi.-) posi-
tion, ought we not to have some le^urd for imti ?
All otheis are dependent upon him. Strike him
