1858,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
Mr. FLORENCE. I will merely say that this
subject has been investigated. It was investigated
by a committee of the Senate. It is absolutely
necessary, if this work is to be proceeded with,
that this bill should be passed. Its provisions
guard every interest very caiefully. My only ob-
jection to it is that it provides for a publication in
only one newspaper, instead of severai; but that
arises, probably, from my natural desire to give
patronage to the newspapers. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE If the gentleman
will withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion for a moment, I will renew it.
Mr. FLORENCE. As this matter would be
likely to occupy some time, I will withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and move that
the bill be referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia; because, after an examination
before that committee, its importance will be made
more apparent to the House, and it may be passed
at any time in half an hour; and, inasmuch as the
bill is of great importance, I move that the com-
mittee have leave to report at any time.
Mr.SEWARD. Is that latter motion in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I object to it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well, then, let the bill
go to the committee unconditionally.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw his objection, and allow
authority to be given to the committee to report
at any time. It is important that the bill should
pass speedily if it is to pass at all. The work is
now partially suspended, and will have to be en-
tirely suspended unless the bill is passed. There
can be no harm in authorizing the committee to
report at any time, and I hope thegentleman from
Georgia will withdraw his objection.
Mr. FLOR.ENCE. I suppose the Committee
for the District of Columbia will repoit it back
immediately, and the committees will probably
soon be called for reports. The work is already
partially suspended, and sympathy for those who
are thrown out of employment will, I am sure,
induce such a sympathizing set of gentlemen as
we have here to pass the bill independently of any
other consideration.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to this de-
bate.
Mr. SEWARD. "With my usual good nature,
I withdraw my objection. I am always over-
persuaded and sometimes do wrong. [Laughter.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof the bill was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and said committee was
authorized to report at any time.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIFE-SAVING STATIONS.
Mr. ROBBINS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of YVavs and Mentis be di-
rected to inquire into the propriety of raakiii" iin sppiopn-
ation lor the payment of the keepers of tin: lno-5>avu" s sta-
tion-houscs on the coast ot New Jftusey and New \ oik, as
was contemplated by the passage of tho act authorizing
the appointment of &aid keepers in December 1804.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Post-
master General in answer to the resolution of the
House of Representatives relative to the returns
for box rents at city post offices; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, in answer to the resolution of the
House of the 16th of March, showing the aggre-
gate cost of tho public printing ordered by the
Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
communications from the Clerk, Doorkeeper, and
Postmaster of the House, i.i reply to the resolu-
tion of the House of the 27th instant, as to tlio
persons employed by them, and so forth; which j
were severally laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
REPORTS FROM COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House bills
and adverse reports from the Court of Claims.
The adverse reports were ordered to be placed
upon the Calendar, and the bills were (without
reading) considered as read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NORTHERN OHIO.
Mr. MOTT, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
authorize the holding of termsof the United States
district court for the northern district of the State 1
of Ohio at Toledo; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
THE CENSUS OF K60.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I desire to ask the*
unanimous consent of the House to offer resolu-
tions similar to the resolution which thegentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] asked for a suspension
of the rules to enable him to offer on Monday.
The House on that occasion refused to suspend
the rules by a small vote. I voted, however, for
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio. It
was upon the subject of the appointment of a
committee to report to this House the best mode
of taking the next census. I think it is a useful
reso'ution, and it seems to be generally so re-
garded by the House.
Mr. BURNETT. These resolutions can only
bo introduced by unanimous consent.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. That is what I
am asking.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I hope the gen-
tleman will allow the resolutions to be read. I
think he will then withdraw his objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to their
being read; but I shall object to them.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
ReioM, That a committee of three be appointed by the
Spoakei, whose duty it shall lie to mquue into and report
by hill or otherwise, at as eaily a period as may be conve-
nient, to the next session of the present Congress, the be<±
mode of taking its ne\t census, so that it shall be national
in its character, and represent tanly and tiuly the progress
of our eountrv and of eveiy bcction.
Resolved, That said committee shall continue until such
report sluill be made, oi until otheiwise ordered by the
House.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the resolutions.
CONNECTICUT RIVER.
Mr. ARNOLD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce is hereby
instructed to inquire into the necessity and expediency of
making an appropriation for the removal ot the obstructions
at the inoutb of the Connecticut river, and to report by bill
or otherwise.
PRIVILEGED QUESTION. I
Mr. IIASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a priv- j
ileged question. I have for several days observed
men upon this floor who are not entitled to its :
privileges. I see one here now, who is a scrib-'
bier for the Herald, and who published in that!
paper that I had gone over to the Black Republi-
cans, and was with Mattesox and the lobby.
He is a thief of character of the name of Shaw.
I move that the Doorkeeper shall show him the
door, and that the Speaker shall particularly di-
rect the attention of the Doorkeeper to the 17th
rule, defining who is and who is not entitled to
the privileges of this floor.
The SPEAKER. So far as the latter part of the
gentleman's remarks are concerned, it is wholly
unnecessary, for the Chair has repeatedly called
the attention of the Doorkeeper to the rule.
Mr. HASKIN. I have called the attention of
the House to this matter because I have seen men
here who were not entitled to the privileges of the
floor. As this is an important day in tiie history
of the country, I hope that the Doorkeeper will
be compelled to enforce the 17th rule.
The SPEAKER. The Doorkeeper will see
that the rule is enforced.
ATLANTA, GEORGIA, A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. GARTRELL, by unanimous consent, in- |
troduced a bill to establish Atlanta, m the State ,
of Georgia, a port of delivery; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
EXTENSION OF BOUNTY I.AND LAW.
Mr. REILLY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting bounty land to artificers, ship
carpenters, carpenters, and blacksmiths employed
under the direction of competent authority in any
warin which this country has been engagedsinee
thf year 1810; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
GOVERNMENT BARRACKS, SAVANNAH.
Mr. SEWARD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the transfer and cession
of the Government barracks of Savannah, Geor-
gia, to the city of Savannah; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
EQUALIZATION OF PENSIONS.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on In-,
valid Pensions, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill to equalize the Army, Navy, and Marine
pensions; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
UNSOLD PUBLIC LANDS IN OHIO.
Mr. NICHOLS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to cede to the State of Ohio, the un-
sold public lands within the limits of said State;
whieh'was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
SALEM, NEW JERSEY, A PORTOF DELIVERY.
Mr. CLAWSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to establish Salem, m the State of
New Jersey, a port of delivery; which was road
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
JAMES RIIMPH.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee of Claims,
by unanimous consent, reported a bill for the re-
lief of James Rumph; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee ofthe Whole
House, and,with the report, ordered to be printed.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSION LAWS.
Mr. HICKMAN,from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, by unanimous consent re-
ported a joint resolution, authorizing the pensions
which certain officers and soldiers of the Rev-
olution were entitled to at the time of their death
to bo paid to their widows, or their children, or
their legal representatives; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to introduce
a bill to authorize and facilitate the construction
of a northern and a southern and a central Pa-
cific railroad, and for other purposes.
Mr. KE1TT objected, but subsequently with-
drew the objection.
Mr. CLEMENS renewed the objection.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,
the hour of one having arrived, I move, in pur-
suance of notice, to take up the Senate bill for the
admission of Kansas.
* The bill was read a first time by its title; as
follows:
An act for the admission of the State of Kansas
into the Union.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
making objection to the bill, under the llGthrule,
the question propounded to the House will first
be, " Shall this bill be rejected!"
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the read-
ing of the bill.
The bill was read, as follows:
Whereas, the people of the Territory of Kansas did, by a
convention of delegates, called and assembled at Lecomp
ton, on the 4th day of September, 1837, for that ptupose,
