398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Origin of Slavery—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. of Reps.
been the same, and yet, one would found society
upon justice, the other upon force; one would
base property upon "the law of nature," the other
upon " the law of the strong hand;" one would
make an Ohio, the other a Cuba. See to it when
you send your legions on, that the scepter of
justice leads the column, that the holy passion
of its worshippers shall so firmly enthrone it as
to eternize its rule !
And if my voice could reach all who work and
lead others that work for the great end, I would
warn them against the temptations of temporary
expedients, the diversions from that strict prin-
ciple which alone can lead to that end. It is not
the broad and easy road that leadeth through the
wilderness, and there is no safety amid its de-
vious paths but in following the pillar of cloud
and of fire. Though its track may seem circuit-
ous, though it may lead us back through the des-
ert, even from the sight of the promised land,
till the slaves that dare not possess it shall have
hid in the sands their coward bones; yet behind
the Divine pillar will flee rock and desert, Midi-
anite and Amorite, till the land shall be reached,
and by a people who dare possess it!
I have spoken of the energy and success of the
slave domination, yet I see in the near future its
hastening end. I see it because tyranny itself
has become demented. The wisdom that con-
trolled its energy has departed. Its strength was
in its moderation as well as firmness; it has be-
come wantonly arrogant and insulting. Itsallies
have been conservatism and ignorance; fright-
ened at its recklessness, conservatism is driven
to oppose its mad pretensions; while its bald
crimes open the eyes of ignorance itself. Like,
the harlot past power of seduction, it Haunts its
very nakedness to the disgusted eyes of those its
decent garments were wont to entice. I see it
also in the new spirit of its opponents. Casting
aside dead issues and entangling alliances, they
have finally accepted the issues of a debauched
democracy. Firmness begins to ineetfirmness,and
resolution resolution. Senators from presidential
steps may lling their weak threats;* Represent-
atives may redeem their transient faith by gut-
tering deeper toahired mob;f applicants for seats
that the people have refused them may make the
heart sicken at their servility; yet like the wine-
bibbing aristocracy at the mad feast of Antoi-
nette, they but darken their own sure doom.
And here I would pause. I have hitherto, dur-
ing this session, declined speaking upon the sla-
very question, arid would not do so now but that
the assailants of freedom and free institutions on
the one side have been chiefly met on the other
by arguments only upon the specific questions
before us; and thus some suppose us unwilling
to meet this great question in any form, whether
by bill or argument, gentlemen thrust it upon us.
The argument of the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Kkitt,] this evening,following up the
dicta of those synods of cluef priests and elders,
that impiously charge the iniquities of slavery upon
the religion of Him whom their prototypes cruci-
fied. is but a specimen of the continuous agitations
of the propagandists. While I desire not unneces-
sarily to enter upon abstract discussion, I am
always ready to take up the glove, and without
following the line of argument of any one gentle-
man,! will proceed in the invited road.
I have alluded to the idealism of the propagand-
ists and the singleness of their devotion. As fully
as my remaining time will permit, I propose to
show what and whence is this idea.
It is simply the idea of force as the origin, the.
base of property; and sijisjuction the law of gov-
ernment.
Society, itself an idea, takes its form and its
character, its influence and its life, from the idea
that inspires it—from the ideal ends for which it
is shaped. The chief end of society, of its most
* The night after the passage of the Toombs-English sub-
stitute, a celebration was had In fiont of the PieMdcntial
Mansion. Following the President and Mi. Toombs, Sen-
ator Gwitf, among other things &aid, u If she [Kansas] re-
jects it" * * * '£tiien let Kaunas bin it'k and
let her hired, [applause,] for she shall never come u  until
she hassufiicient population."—Washington Union, May2.
f Mr. Emjmsu and others addressed a crowd of Govern-
ment employes the same night on the avenue; and seemed
chiefly concerned for fear " niggers" would be held iu
loo high esteem.
complicated machinery, must be the security of
property. The instinct of property is "within us
all; its necessity is absolute; and society cannot
exist which does not look to its protection. There
can be ao personal security, no security in life,
liberty, and the social relations, without security
to labor and its accumulations. The basis, then,
k>f property, must give color to the whole charac-
ter of association.
The modern basis of property is the law of na-
ture, the law of justice; the subjects of property
are the inferior animals, the earth, and its pro-
ducts; and the propria are the accumulations of
honest labor and honest exchange. I know of
no other radical distinction between the ancient
and modern civilization than in the idea of prop-
erty. Though the law of nature or justice came
to be anciently studied, though the more elevated
clearly apprehended many of its maxims, yet, in
the constitution, the foundation of property, it had
no actual force. That yas property which the law,
the State made property, and it made anything
property that, outside the State, could be seized
and held, whether men or things. The Roman
robber went forth to conquer, and whatever he
could seize by the strong: hand, became his own.
It mattered not whether it was his neighbor's ox
or his neighbor's wife, his flocks or his children,
his farm or himself; all yielded to the robber-right;
and the spoils—mancipia—became but a term for
property.
As society advanced the manner of seizure be-
came systematizedj and ripened into the ancient
law of nations; and that law was such a system of
brutality, such a system of robbery and wrong,
that humanity would fain turn its sickened head
away. 1 will not give details, but merely allude
to them as compendiously referred to by Whea-
ton:
"4 Victory' in their [the Roman] expressive metaphorical
language, 'made oven the sacred things of tlie enemy pio
fine;' confiscated all Ins pioperty, movable and immov-
able, public and private; doomed him and his posterity to
peipetual slavery.'' See.— WAcfttort's Law of Nations, '2'>.
The same author introduces his work by the
following allusion to the fundamental idea of
Pagan civilization:
'•The laws or customs by which the mutual intercourse
of European nations was regulated, previous to the intro-
duction oi Christianity, weie founded on the prejudices
which lejjardt'd the different raoosj of men as mutual ene
nnes. With the ancient Greeks and Romans, the terms
barbarian, stranger, and enemy, were originally synony-
mous. Nothing but positive compact exempted the
pciMins of aliens I mm being doomed to .slavery the moment
the> parsed the bounda of one State, and touched the con-
fines of another. And though, according to the Roman law,
in its more unproved an alien, with who e country
the relations of friendship and hospitality did not exist, was
not technically considered an enemy [hostis,] yet Ins person
might lawfully be enslaved, and his piopeity confiscated,
if found on Roman territory. Dumuk the heroic age of
Greece, piracy was universally practiced," &c. &c.
Pagan authorities did not decide what might be
j held as property, whether the earth and its pro-
, ducts, the inferior animals, or man. They made i
! not the modem distinction between men and !
! things. That was not alone property over which
j the common Father had given us dominion—they
I knew not. His law. Though Justinian in the light
i of Christianity pronounced property in man con-
! trary to the law of nature; though his annotators 1
' could faintly hear the inward voice that, to all who'
! have ears to hear, clearly vindicates each man's
j right to hts own person, to the society of his own
I wife, and the custody of his own children; and
j hence, repudiates the idea that they can be the
| property of others; yet this idea contravened no ;
! law of property as handed down from their Pagan !
ancestors, and they could but recognize it. The j
civil law failing to designate what might be prop-1
erty, it is not strange that whatever could be sub- j
jected to one's dominion, whether men or things,;
came to be regarded as his property, and that j
mancipiitm—manu captwn—the seized—was one of
its legitimate terms.
We hence see the rottenness of the whole Ro-
man system; that the splendid civil code—the
highest perfection of Pagan reason, and which
alone of Rome is immortal, because itso failed in
the foundation of law, because it traversed not
the law of force as the basis of property, but sanc-
tioned and sanctified the robber-maxims of the age,
was utterly impotent to save the State. We, hence,
cannot wonder that the ancient States met only
enemies without, while nourishing only enemies
within. We cannot wonder at the oppressions
that drove men mad, at the corruptions that ban-
ished virtue, at the monopolies that converted
w-hole districts into slave principalities, at the dis-
honor of labor, and at the idleness and spoil-hunt-
ings that made of the people but a worthless rab-
ble. We cannot wonder that the army become
the only staff of the State, and the commander its
imperator; and finally, when the army failed, that
the State itself fled for shelter to that grave its foul
diseases made its only fit refuge.
States should be immortal. Their analogy is
to the soul, not the body; to an idea, itself im-
mortal; not organized matter, itself perishable.
Justice, equally administered, rejuvenates society,
overthrows abuses, and clothes a people with im-
mortal youth. But power, wielded without jus-
tice, corrupts and effeminates the possessor; in-
flames those who feel its weight; and, sooner or
later, rouses them to successful resistance to the
effeminated tyrant. Despotic States are but a
tower on the sand-hill. So long as active labor
can replace the shifting pile, can repair the action
of torrent and storm, that tower will stand. But
sooner or later the laws of nature will vindicate
their supremacy. The laws of nature, or of God,
whichever you term them, are immortal; and
States to be immortal must harmonize with them.
Those brilliant republics and that great Power,
whose brightness still dazzles, and the shadow of
whose greatness still awes the world, ignored
those laws, and of coutse fell. In many respects
modern civilization has never excelled them. In
the dignity of ideal philosophy, and the graces
of diction and external beauty, we are little more
than imitators. Yet, in all appreciation of the ob-
jects of society; in the dignity of justice, and the
graces of the soul—not in the sentimentality that
dreams with Plato over the tortures of a slave, or
moralizes with Seneca at the banquet of lust—but
in that dignity that makes the chief glory of the
State to consist in the protection of the weak with-
in, while dealing with the strictest honor toward
the weak without; and in those graces that send
a Howard and a Nightingale upon their errands,
j they were little better than the savages of our
own forests.
But modern civilization and modern law, im-
perfectly as they are yet developed, have a differ-
ent history, and are based upon a different idea.
We have not been m the habit of giving sufficient
importance to the influence of Christianity and
the Jewish records. The story of our common
origin, of the origin of all property in the Divine
grant to the common head, both in the beginning,
and when the second father of man went forth
from the ark; the dim glimpses of justice and
equity, of oppression and its punishment, seen
through the veil of the Pentateuch and the early
Jewish annals; the authoritative announcement
of the principles of natural law in the second ta-
ble of the decalogue; the anathemas upon mjus-
: tice burning in the pages of the chief prophets;
and the crowning glory of all, the teachings of
i the Divine man, establishing universal brother-
hood as the normal relation, and universal love as
1 the highest duty, have furnished the grand idf.a
of modern civilization ! Force is no longer the
i the base of property. The first lesson in mod-
' ern law makes broad and impassable the distinc-
! tion between men and things. That is property
which God has made property. The stranger is
; no longer the enemy—the enemy no longer the
! slave. The law of the strong hand yields to the
, law of justice; and, as the idea of the artist brings
j out the form, gradually, imperfectly, according
I to the imperfect material, and the more imperfect
skill, so the great idea of justice as the basis of
; propertyandendof law,starting out with the over-
1 throw of the robber dogma of property in one an-
| other, is guiding us onward and upward, though
: on a rugged road and with halting steps, yet
I surely on to its complete realization.
| I cannot better illustrate the contrast between
i theancient and modern theories of political morals
i than by opposing to the maxim attributed by Thu-
! cidides to his countrymen, that " to a king or
; commonwealth nothing is unjust which is use-
1 ful,"(Thu. Hist., vol. 6,) the following declara-
tion of the younger Pitt, in opposition to the slave
I trade:
i " The argument which, in his [Mr. Pitt's] opinion, ought
