350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
in the Union. The States of Pennsylvania, Ohio,
and all the New England States, have a large
amount of business with California; and three
fourths of all the railroads and business of the
Union with California is north of Virginia. Then
why is it that this southern route should be in-
sisted upon, to the exclusion of all others? Asa
military road, it will be useless. There is nobody
in that direction to fight, and probably never will
be. I do not want thesouthern route to beafore-
gone conclusion in the organization of the com-
mittee. For one, I shall go against any commit-
tee, whether standing or select, unless it is under-
stood that all the routes are to have fair play.
My proposition embraces a fair committee, and
nothing else. The northern and central States
were given one member of this committee for
twenty members or over in this House, while
the southern States have been allowed one mem-
ber for from nineteen to sixteen members. The
southern route has five friends upon the com-
mittee, while the northern route has oniy four,
and the central route three, leaving California to
decide between them; so that a committee organ-
ized in this way cannot possibly bring in a bill
here for any one route, unless it is upon a con-
viction that it is the best one 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. There seems to be a great
deal of anxiety as to who shall have the nursing
of this particular bantling. Now, I prefer myself
that it shall go to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, for some two or three very important rea-
sons. The first is^ that the chairman of that com-
mittee [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee] has nothing else
in the world to nurse, unless you give him this.
He will have abundant opportunity, and abund-
ant leisure, to take care of this scheme; to give it I
all proper attention, and to introduce it into the !
House—if he should think it a proper scheme for
introduction here—in such shape as would be like-
ly, at least, to meet my approbation. I hardly
think, though, it would meet the approbation of a
majority of this House, which seems to be clearly
in favor of a railroad upon some line north, south,
or middle, but without knowing very well which
line is to be taken.
Now, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ben-
nett] is ready to go for any line, but he does not
know which is the best line. And he proposes
the constitution of a committee here of so many
fiom one section, and so many from another sec-
tion, an so many from a third section; and he
says the result will bo that these sections will be
brought into harmony, and that the best line will
necessarily be adopted. Now I do not think that
follows by any means. But whether it will or
will not, 1 avow very frankly, so far as 1 am con-
cerned, that my purpose is to defeat any railroad,
whether it is a presidential railroad or anybody
else's railroad. 1 am opposed to the recommend-
ation of the President upon this subject—decid-
cilly and unalterably opposed to it; and I trust,
when the occasion offers, I shall have an oppor-
tunity to give the reasons in detail for that oppo-
sition.
While I am opposed to his scheme, I am op-
posed to any scheme that will involve this Gov-
ernmentin any way whatever m internal improve-
ments upon tiie magnificent scale which *uch a
scheme as this proposes. I do not believe the
money is here now to build one line of road; but
I believe, in order to get one, some gentlemen upon
tins floor would be willing to involve the country
in the expense of constructing three.
And, sir, besides all tins, it seems to me to be
a most remarkable doetnne, that you can com-
mence the construction at the western border of
the States, and run it to the pastern border of Cali-
fornia, and be within the Constitution; and yet
you cannot make a foot of railroad from the cap-
ital here to the point where you begin on the west-
ern border, without violating the Constitution, by
going through the States. Now, sir, if it is a
military road; if it is indispensable for military
purposes; if it is necessary to carry troops: and
if the Government has the power to constiuct that
military road, where is the limitation in the Con-
stitution to regulate the point at which it shall be-
gin, and declare that it shall begin in the Territo-
ries, and shall not go through the States'
[Here the hammer fi-1!.]
The question now being upon Mr. Bennett's
amendment,
Mr. BENNETT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Bingham were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 76.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HARRIS,of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, what
is the question now pending?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] to refer the subject of the Pacific railroad
to a select committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Of how many ?
The CHAIRMAN. Thirteen.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move to amend
the amendment, by striking out " thirteen" and
inserting " ten."
Mr. Chairman, I was not aware, until a few mo-
ments ago, that the votes of myself and my col-
leagues with whom I am associated upon this
side of the Chamber, were called in question in
the manner in which they have been this morning,
and I was a little surprised to hear the remarks
made by my colleague over the way, [Mr. Wash-
burne.] 1 did not hear the commencement of
those remarks. My mind was occupied with other
subjects. I see he has taken the pains to procure
a copy of the Daily Globe of December 21.
Mr. OLIN. 1 rise to a point of order. My
point is, that it is wholly immaterial to the ques-
tion now before the committee how the gentleman
voted on a former occasion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state what
the gentleman from Illinois is aware of already,
that the rule requires that his remarks should be
in opposition to the amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am not going to
oppose my own amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. In explanation of the
amendment then.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Certainly; I am
going to explain it, and I hope I shall be able to
do so to the satisfaction of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Olin,] who has not been so par-
ticular during the harangues that have been made
upon his side of the House to confine those speak-
ing to the question.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Do I understand
the gentleman to offer an amendment?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have offered an
amendment, and I hope I shall be allowed to say
what I have to say without further interruption.
I was remarking, sir, that in the Globe of the 21st
of December, winch F hold in my hand, the nafhes
of my colleagues, Mr. Marshall, Mr. Smith,
Mr. Morris, Mr. Shaw, and myself, have been
underscored with black lines by my colleague over
the way, [Mr. Washburne,] for some purpose
known to himself. He, it seems, calls in question
the propriety of our votes in opposing the resolu-
tion introduced by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Bennett,] who addressed the committee a
few moments ago. My colleague did not, in his
remarks, undertake to say what he infers from
that vote; but I can tell him very distinctly what
he may infer from it. And, in the first place, I
need only call his attention to the remarks made
the other day by a gentleman who sits on the right
hand of the gentleman from New York, who said
that this was an Administration measure, and he
preferred to let members upon this side of the
House have control of it. When the gentleman
from New York introduced a lesolution, the adop-
tion of which would, according to parliamentary
practice, have placed him at the head of the com-
mittee which is to report upon this subject, I was
very well nwnre of the source from which the
proposition emanated..
I am not unmindful, sir, of the bills which were
reported by that gentleman during the last Con-
gress, to absorb and consume and gormandize the
public lands for the benefit of the thousand plun-
dering schemes which seemed to meet with such
distinguished favor from him. I had a very de-
cided objection to the source from which the prop-
osition came. The gentlemanfrom Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] had, long prior to that, introduced a res-
olution of a similar character, proposing to raise
a select committee; but his resolution was ob-
jected to. He stood ready, however, to renew
the proposition, and I was disposed to give him
a chance of doing so rather than to indorse the
proposition of the gentleman from New York,
who was in such great haste to take charge of the
matter, and place himself at the head of the com-
mittee.
In regard to my action about the Pacific rail-
road, I shall not now enter into any explanation
for the satisfaction of my colleague or anybody
else. I am willing that the question should go to
a select committee; and 1 think that such com-
mittee can be raised without dividing the Union
into patchwork, as was proposed a little while ago
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ben-
nett.] I do not go as far as my fuend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher,] who intimates that he is
utterly opposed to the Pacific railroad, whether it
be a presidential railroad or not. I suppose, how-
ever, that the gentleman, in thus placing himself
in antagonism to the Administration on this ques-
tion, will hardly be read out of the party, because
he is not yet, I believe, considered a distinguished
aspirant for the Presidency. If he was, we should
perhaps find the Washington Union, and other
papers, stabbing at him as it does at others who
chance to differ with the Administration on some
questions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am opposed
to the amendment of my collague, and I will state
briefly some of the reasons why. 1 am glad that
my colleague has had the opportunity of offering
his amendment, because it shows to us and to th<£
country how he regards this proposition. lie
says that he voted against the proposition of the
honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ben-
nett,] because he does not like the quarter from
whence it came;
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a point of
order. I insist that the debate shall be confined
to the question pending before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wishes to state
that the rule requires that the members who speak
under the five-minutes' rule shall speak either in
support of, or opposition to, the amendment. It
is true that a good deal of indulgence is often al-
lowed by the Chair, because, as some gentleman
has said, it is difficult to tell, at once, what direc-
tion a gentleman intends to give his remarks. But
the Chair must say that he thinks the privilege has
been too much extended. The Chair cannot see
what reference the remarks originally made by
the gentleman fiom Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,]
those subsequently made by his colleague, [Mr.
!{ Harris,] or those now being made by the gen-
>\ tlcman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] have to
! do with the amendment offered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league was opposed to the number of the com-
mittee proposed to be raised by the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri, and he was allowed
to state Jiis reasons. 1 wish to state my reasons
why I am in favor of the number, and take my
own mode of doing so. And allow me to say to
lnm and to the committee, that I differ with him
in toto in regard to this question. I am for a
Pacific railroad, earnestly, sincerely, and in good
faith. I do not eaie from what side of the House
the proposition comes; whether it be from the
Republican side, (from which nearly the whole
number of votes that are to carry the measure are
to come,) or whether it be from the Democratic
side. I care not what party or what individual
shall have the credit of tiie measure, provided the
credit belongs to such party or such individual.
But there were some things in the vole the other
day. to which I refmred 
Mr. HARRIS, ofiiimois. Will my colleague
allow mo to ask him it' his side of the House will
vote for a southern route p
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
that will depend on circumstances; but I will not
undertake to speak for anybody but myself. But
let me say here, that, as far as I am concerned, I
will vote for no route except it be fixed by law.
I voted during the last session of Congress for a
certain mail road to the Pacific ocean, and 1 hope
my friend from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] will ex-
plain something about that matter. Congress left
| it to the contractor to determine the route; but
that power of the contractors to fix their own
route seems to have been construrd away by the
Government; and instead of a mail line over a route
which would be of some service to the country,
we have seen it crowded av/ay down south to the
thirty-second parallel of latitude, running through
an unknown land. So far as 1 am concerned, I
shall vote for no bill which shall give any discre-
