1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
tion to this Administration to fix the route. I
believe that the northern route is the only practi-
cable one; and I shall hope to see it adopted by the
committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
I want to get the President's message into the
House, so that we may get at the regular business
of the session. I therefore ask the Chair to con-
fine members, in their remarks, to the explaining
or opposing of amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's [Mr.
Wa&hbuune's] time has expited.
The question was thentaken on the amendment
#of Mr. Harris, of Illinois; and it wasnotagrccd
to.
The question recurred on Mr. Phelps's amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair takes occasion
to say that the rule will be more rigidly enforced
in future, and gentlemen will be required to con-
fine themselves to explaining or opposing amend-
ments.
Mr. FLORENCE. That will not bother me
a bit. I am never out of order. But, Mr. Chair-
man, I want to make an inquiry, to know whether
lam in order or not. [Laughter.] I desire to
move to strike out all after the words u referred,''
and insert the words " to the Committee on Roads
and Canals."
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The original proposition was to refer to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let me hear the original
resolution,bccause I want to slick to the rules of
order, and want to discuss only what is cleatly
in order.
The original resolution was read.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then my amendment is
not in order. 1 move to strike out the entire prop-
osition made by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps.] That is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
not.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am for the original prop-
osition, and want to speak to it; and I want to
know how I can speak to it.
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentldman fromPcnn-
sylvania has submitted no amendment that is in
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I move to strike out
the words "aspecial committee of thirteen," and
I will state the reason why I do so.
The CHAIRMAN. And insert what in place
of it?
Mr. FLORENCE. " The Committee on Roads
and Canals.,5
The CHAIRMAN. Inasmuch as that was the
original proposition it will not be in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the Chair have the
resolution reported, and I will get at it.
Mr. POTTLE. I want to know if the gentle-
man's five minutes have not expired?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has not
submitted an amendment yet. He will have live
minutes after he submits his amendment.
The original resolution was again read.'
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move to strike outall afti.'r
the word li referred," and insert the words, " to
the standing committee having power to control
its disposition." - I can tell you the committee
which 1 think ought to have it. I am for referring
it to the Committee on Roads and Canals. I be-
lieve that that is the committee which has the
power to control the disposition of that part of
the President's message.
I have confidence in that committee. I believe
that it is one to which we may with great pro-
priety intrust this subject. It docs not follow be-
cause the chairman of that committee is known to
be opposed to any appropriation for the construc-
tion of this road, that all the members of the com-
mittee are likewise opposed to it. Nor does it fol-
low that because that committee, as stated by the
gentleman from California the other day, is in-
trusted with important business referred to them
by the House, they cannot make provision to re-
lieve themselves from the burden; and, as the
gentleman sympathized with the burden that ihat
committee had imposed on it, it occurred to me
thai we could very easily relieve them by giving
them two clerks, so that the objection of the gen-
tleman from California to refening this subject to
that committee, can have no weight.
Now, sir, the gentleman from New York makes
a subdivision orequahzation, or a graduation, or,
as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] very
properly termed it, a patchwork of the reference.
1 think that a committee constituted as the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals is, will meeteven the
purpose which the gentleman had in view by
making the suggestion which he did. 1 am sur-
prised that there should bo any objection to refer-
ring this subject to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, which is composed of gentlemen of strict
integrity, and to which a subject of this kind may
well be referred. I will state frankly that it is a
matter of surprise to me that there should be any
objection to referring ittothosegentlemen, headed
as they are by the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,} bccause they are men of
clear heads and strict integrity. There can be no
doubt but they will report fairly. If the chair-
man has constitutional scruples, and does not be-
lieve that there is power in the Constitution to
construct such a road, it does not follow, I will
repeat, that every other gentleman of the commit-
tee believes as he does. In the last Congress we
had proof that the chairman of a committee did
not exercise any too much influence over the
minds of the other„membeis of the committee.
The committee of investigation was a proof of
that fact. I believe that the chairman agreed with
the committee in but a single instance, and that
may be cited as a precedent.
Mr. PHELPS. I have sought the floor, not for
the purpose of making a speech, but to oppose
the amendment of myhiend from Pennsylvania,
and to make this remark to the committee: that
if wo are to come to any result m relation to this
matter, we ought to confine ourselves to voting
instead of talking. The pioposiuon is a simple
one. Shall a selectcomrmttee be raised to which
the subject of a Pacific railroad shall be referred?
Mydesnein asking for a select committee was
that the committee might be constituted so as to
be favorable to the proposition; for by the par-
liamentary law,a selectcomrmttee should be con-
stituted of those favorable to the subject referred
to it, Lotus vote on the proposition, and dis-
pose of the President's message, that we may go
on with the other business of the House. I op-
pose the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MILLSON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And bo Anther msti noted to leport to tbit> House in what
pail oi pait-4 of the Oonswution nrithonty ha* hr<M granted
to Confess by the ^tntos to undertake the consti ueiion of
a railioad, or other works of a similar nature, tlnough any
State oi Teuitoiy of the United States.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that it is probable the
committee will adoptthe amendment proposed by
the gentieman from Missouri, and eieate a special
committee. I would myself much prefer that it
should bo submitted to a standing committee prop-
erly having charge of the subject, becausc we all
know, as the gentleman from Missouri has just
now said, that according to parliamentary usage
the committee wi.'i be so constituted as to contain
a majority of members m favor of the scheme.
Therefore, sir, and bccause it will contain this
majority, and because that majority may believe
the power, which I notice in my amendment, to
be so plain and clear that they may not ovomec-
ognize the possibility of a doubt in any other
mind, that I wish to instruct them to inform such
of us as are skeptical on the subject, where the
power is to be found.
Now, sir, 1 shall be very glad to be informed on
that subject. I am in favor of internal improve-
ment and external improvement and everything
to which the name of improvement propeily be-
longs; and if I can be convinced, without any vio-
lation of the faith pledged by the States to each
other, when they adopted the Constitution, that
any work of public necessity or great public ad-
vantage can be constructed by our agency, I
should be willing to give it my confidence.
But I confess, Mr. Chairman, to so much ob-
tuseness m my examination of the Constitution,
that my political curiosity is piqued to know in
what part of the Constitution the authority in
question has been delegated to Congress. 1 am
sure that this would be a labor of love to the com-
mittee. I am sure, with a majority of the com-
mittee honestly desiring the completion of what
they call this great work, they will gladly under-
take this task. Perhaps they will perform it suc-
cessfully, and they may find aid in quarters where
they now little expect it. I have not yet been able
to see the authority in question in that part of the
Constitution so frequently referred to in the power
to declare war. This is sometimes referred toasa
military road; but if so, I have not the faculty to
comprehend what a military road is. ~lf it be a
road useful in war, then every turnpike, every
by way is a military road. If it be a road useful
in war, why then a road from Vera Cruz to the
city of Mexico is a military road, and may be
undertaken by the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was disagreed to, there being, on a
division, ayes 11, noes 119.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to—ayes 47, noes 87.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Phelps.
Mr. SEWARD. J move to strike out the words
" selectcommitteeof thirteen,"andinsert, "Com-
mittee. on Revisal and Unfinished Business."
This Pacific railroad question has been here
ever since I have been a member of Congress. It
has been before us some five or six years; and
yet members who favor the projectseem to differ
with each other. The whole question, therefore,
I think, ought to be revised and examined; and
I do not know of any,committee having more
time to attend to it than the Committee on Re-
visal and Unfinished Business. 1 think when the
session terminates, the Pacific railroad question
will stili be unfinished business; and thcrefoie
ought to be referred to that committee.
The amendment was not agreed to; seven mem-
bers only voting in favor thereof.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 have an amend-
ment which I desire to submit in good faith. It
is to strike out the word " route," and insert
"routes." I will not detain the House by any
lengthy remarks. I am in favor of the appoint-
mcntof a select committee, and think one should
be raised to examine this question. It is a very
important one. A select committee to investigate
it has beenappointed in the Senate; and it is right
and proper that a similar committee should be ap-
pointed by the House. At the same time, I think
the resolution ought not to be confined to one
route, whether a northern, a southern, or a cen-
tral one; neither of which alone would probably
get a majority of the votes of this House. I de-
sire, therefore, to leave the way open and free to
the committee that shall be appointed, to recom-
mend as many routes as they think proper. 1
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
from Virginia, a few moments ago, asked where
the authority was to be found in the Constitution
for this proceeding.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is between
the words " route" and " routes."
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If there is no au-
thority to make one route, there is no authority
to make two or more; and I submit that the argu-
ment is pertinent. I rose merely to respond to
that question briefly. The authority is found, sir,
where Mr. Jefferson found authority to begin the
national road; where Mr. Monroe, Mr. Madi-
son, Mr. John Q.uincy Adams,and General Jack-
son found authority to approve bills for that aud
other improvements.
Mr. J. GLANCY" JONES. I must insist upon it
that my friend from Maryland shall confine hnn-
selfto thequestion—the distinction between.routea
and route—and not argue the question of constitu-
tionality. ,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope the gentle-
man will not object to my remarks.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I cannot withdraw
the objection. . ,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is obliged to
say, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania insists
on his question of order, that the Chair is unable
to perceive that the argument lifting made by the
gentleman from Maryland goes to prove that (he
word " route" ought not to be stricken out aud
the word " routes" inserted in place of it. That
is the question to which the gentleman is required
by the rule to confine himself.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will not trouble
