1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
390
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Origin of Slavery—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. of Reps.
to determine the committee was, that the slave trade was
unjust. It was such a trade as it was impossible for him
to support, unless it could be first proved to him that there
were no laws of morality binding upon nations, and that it
was not the duty of a Legislature to restrain its subjects
from invading the happiness of other countries, and from
violating the fundamental principles of justice."—Clark-
son's History of the Abolition of the Slave Trade> vol. 2,
page 243.
Could England in all her administrations have
had the wisdom to realize this noble sentiment;
•could she have withstood the barbarism of her
greedy capitalists, by the Christianity of her
common law; whatdishonorwould not have been
saved to her! what woes, what blight, to us, as
well as to the groaning East!
It was a necessity that the ancient civilization
should fall. It could no more live in the light of
the Christian idea than the altars of the Aztecs
or the feasts of the Fejees; and the grander the
structure, the more imposing the pile of this Bas-
tile of human hopes—based as it was upon a lie,
upon moral quicksands—the more complete the
ruin. True, this ruin is not without its use. It
is a great quarry, with many a fit column for the
new temple based upon the rock.
It is a mistake to mourn over the collapse of
mere force and the consequent and necessary
anarchy. It could not be otherwise. They were
the prelude to a higher civilization. They be-
came essential to make way for the gradual in-
fusion of the idea of justice as the law of so-
ciety, the law of property; and dark aswas the
transition, and seemingly hopeless as was the
long fermentation of human passions, yet, slowly
emerging from that chaos, a form of society is
arising that may become immortal; for the cur-
tailment of its abuses and the development of the
race is made possible by the gradual adoption,
throughout Christendom, of the Divine idea.
The steps to that end are already many and long;
private property is no longer subject to lawful
capture; private forays are piracy; prisoners of
war are no longer slaves; cities cannot lawfully
be devoted to pillage, their inhabitants, men,
women and children, delivered to the sword, or
made to pass under the yoke as property; even
the high seas, so long the safe field of robbery, are
being embraced, and but for an act of this Admin-
istration might ere this have been embraced in
the protection of the great idea; and in all lands—
shall I be forced to except my own ?—the yoke is
being broken, the scourge is being exchanged for
the contract, and the handcuft gives way to the
school-book.
And the struggle now is, to turn back the tide
of civilization, to supplant the idea of justice, to
reenthrone the law of force. Hardly a propo-
sition, hardly a measure, meets with any favor
that has not this end in view. For that the dom-
inant interest has broken faith, spurned every con-
stitutional guarantee, proscribed all but self-sold
slaves,debauched the judiciary, enslaved the Ter-
ritories, made provinces of the States, and all to
substitute the robber right for the Divine grant.
Ay, and for that it has compassed heaven and
earth to give life to the Lecompton villainy. Its
central organ in February last indorsed a threat
of disunion unless the principle of Lccompton
be ratified; unless the slave interest be allowed
" to retire from Kansas with our drums beating
andcolors flying,"exclaiming," why not give us
the shell while they [the North] have the ker-
nel ?" " Is it not enough that they have an over-
whelming majority in Kansas?" The President,
in pressing Lecompton, admitted that its reign
would be short. "Why then press it, but that the
principle of Lecompton is precious to the one-
idealists? and why so precious? Only because,
first, it is the work of a lean minority, and is scorn-
fully rejected by the vast majority; hence the idea
of subjection is enthroned over " the consent of
the governed;" and second, and mainly, this con-
stitution alone proclaims the atrocious dogma that
the right of property in man is as inviolable as the
right of any other property, and is above consti-
tutional sanction! Hence the idea of old force,
instead of god's grant, as the base of property.
And which, Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, pie-
fer you, the ancient or the modern, the Pagan or
the Christian idea? In which age will you place
us ? On which slope of the piling centuries shall
we travel? Gentlemen defend the property idea
of force from the fact that it is ancient, that all
heathendom recognized it, that it was the idea^f
the Greek and the Roman, the Scythian and the
Arab, the Ethiopian and the Indian. I never
doubted the fact, but have often wondered whether
gentlemen really desire to turn back the shadow
upon the dial, to reenthrone moral chaos and bring
back night again!
The gentleman from South Carolina has just
told us of the fetter-fastening, the slavery-loving,
the• force-enthroning religion of the Cross. It
well becomes him to give such a blasphemous
exegesis of its holy maxims. He might naturally
understand that the exhortation to resist not evil,
to meekly turn the cheek to the assailant rather
than meet force by force, justifies the evil-doer
and smiter. With the same instincts that guided
a Laud and a Stafford, he might readily infer that
the duty of passive obedience enjoined upon the
hopeless subjects of the old despotisms justly ap-
plies to those who are themselves responsible for
the public liberties; and that this exhortation to
servants to obey their masters, and to subjects
to respect the powers that be, justifies the slave
shamble and the bloody scepter! The Christian
slave might not resist the master, though he fed
his fish ponds with his flesh; nor the Christian
subject rebel against the Nero, though he lighted
the gardens with his flaming body; and yet it
takes gentlemen of his school to see that this sub-
mission can justify either. Such doctrines may
for a time flourish in the dark places of the earth;
yet still the world moves on !
I have shown partially what and partially
whence is this idea, as well as alluded to the
character and fate of the civilization based upon
it; but I have not done.
The foundation of slavery is not the idea that
there may be property in those born of slave moth-
ers—that is but its application; but it is one of prop-
erty m man, and in any man who can be subjected
to dominion. And the question as to who shall
be made property is merely one of expediency.
If you may enslave the infant, though begotten
from your own loins, because you had before en-
slaved the mother, why may you not enslave your
criminals or paupers, the hopelessly indebted, or
those seized in battle ? If you may take all your
slave's earnings, deny him power of accumulation
for himself, and make all his accumulations yours,
why should you be bound to respect the private
accumulations of an enemy or a stranger? You
take the one and his earnings because you can; why
not the other and his earnings if you can? You
were long in the habit of stimulating African chiefs
to hunt men and women for your benefit; and some
of you are now trying to revive the work. Also,
I see it seriously proposed in yonder State to en-
slave some thousands of her people, and already
is their property seized by a discriminating tax.
Your Federal judiciary, against all law and against
all decency, have paved the way by denying them
the necessary result of birth and residence; making
them permanent strangeis and aliens; and you
have only to follow the invited result of a barbar-
ous edict by making them slaves.
Iftheideais once admitted that force, and not the
law of nature, makes property, then any man, or
any man's earnings, may be seized and subjected
toanother'sdominion. Itis notaqucstion of birth;
it is not a question of race; nor is it so regarded
by the propaganda. The amalgamation tenden-
cies of slavery are constantly bleaching out the
African. I have, since a member here, contrib-
uted to purchase for redemption white Virgin-
ians, and to prevent their forced denizenship of
the brothel. The more honest, advocates of sla-
very have already repudiated the idea that it
should be the sole condition of any race, and many
of them would impose it upon all hand laborers.
In the Senate and in the House, during this and
other sessions, leaders of the great slavery party
have boldly proclaimed the condition of the la-
borer that of substantial slavery, and that the
northern free laborer was far worse off than the
bought and sold chattel of the slave plantation. A
Senator from South Carolina says that " the man
who lives by daily .labor, your whole class of
manual laborers, are essentially slaves." In har-
mony with the tone of the propagandist press, the
Charleston Standard says that " slavery is the nat-
ural and normal condition of the laboring man,
whether black or white;" arid the Richmond Ex-
aminer, whose editor now issues semi-official
thunder in the Washington Union, truly says,
that " the South"—i e. the slavery party—" now
maintains that slavery is right, natural, and ne-
cessary, and does not depend upon differences of
complexion. The laws of the slave States justify
the holding of white men in bondage."
The gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,]
who never speaks what he has not well consid-
ered, in his remarks of the 29th of March,'elabo-
ratelydefends,as I understoodhim,orpredicts,the
enslavement of the Asiatic upon the Pacific coast;
and all who justify slavery from the Old and New
Testament, and early Christian teachings, thus
only can justify white, and not black slavery. The
miserable induction of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] if it prove anything, can
only prove that the dusky races of the Mediter-
ranean may rightfully enslave the light-haired
German and Briton, for such was the " apostolic
slavery" he defends.
Except in America, slaves are not even generally
of the negro race. It is but quite recently that the
ideas of modern civilization nave made any prog-
ress, have gained any foothold, upon the south-
ern and eastern shores of the Mediterranean; and
within our own memory the slave tratfe was as
brisk along its ports as between the slave marts of
the United States. The captives are, indifferently,
Africans, Europeans, and Asiatics. White Eng-
lishmen and white Americans were there lawfully
held and worked, sold and scourffcd as slaves, as
lawfully as any slave is held in Virginia; and our
first maritime war was to overthrow, to destroy,
these property rights. And these rights in white
Americans and Europeans were held sacred though
all the Turkish States until they yielded to the
principles of natural law—to the genius of univer-
sal emancipation. No man can defend American
slavery on principle without defending Turkish;
especially as the latter was much milder and more
Christian than the former.
But gentlemen here claim that the property idea
of man in man applies equally to the apprentice
and child as to the slave; and thus, by the com-
mon law, man may hold property m man..This
was the only reply of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynakjj] to the denial of my col-
league, [Mr. Bingham.] According to Webster,
an apprentice is " one who is bound by covenant
to serve a mechanic or other person, for a certain
time, with a view to learn his art, mystery, or oc-
cupation, in which his master is bound to instruct
him." Now, which is property, the master or
apprentice? The rights aie mutual; the obligation
is mutual; the interest is mutual; and the whole is
created by contract. The apprentice is property,
is he? Can he be bought and soldi desccnd to
heirs or creditors, be denied the legal relations' of
husband and wife, parent and child, the right to
hold property and acquire knowledge, his whole
being subjected to the will and for the sole benefit
of another? Hear Judge Ruffin on this point,
while dismissing a complaint for an assault upon
a slave by shooting. He says:
" This has been assimilated at the bar to the other domestic
relations; and arguments diawn fiom the wcU-cptabhshod
principles winch confer and ientrain the authority of the
parent over the child, the tutor over the pupil, the master
over the appi entice, have been pressed on us. The court
dues not lecogmae their application. There is no likeness
between the cui.es. They are in opposition to each other,and
there is nu impassable gulf between them. The difference
that which exists between freedom and slavery; and a
greater cannot be imagined. In the one, the end in view is
the happiness of the youth, botn to equal rights with the
governor, on whom the duty devolves of training the young
to usefulness, in a station he u afterwards to assume among
freemen. With slave*, it is tar otherwise. The end is the
profit ot the mastei, hi* seeunty, and the public safety : the
I subject, one doomed in ins own peiaon,and in his posterity,
to live without knowledge, and without the capacity to make
any thin? his own, and toil that another may reap the
fruits,''—State vs. Mann, 2 Devereux, North Carolina Re-
ports, 2G3.
I will not blaspheme the holy relation of parent
and child by dwelling upon the idea that the child
is the chattel, the merchandise of the father. In
some barbarous countries, where the law of the
strong hand has not yet been supplanted by the
Christian idea, such is the fact; and I blush to
say that in some of the American States a class
of illegitimate children may lawfully be, and
sometimes are, sold like cattle by their own fathers
or half brothers arid sisters.
True, there is in one sense a property in anap-
