m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20.
the committee with an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, but will vi-ait for another opportu-
nity to conticrae my remarks.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tell-
ers oh the amendment to the amendment.
Tellers^ere ordered; and Messrs. Washburn,
of Maine, and Hatch were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 74.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. LEITER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
And that said committee report whether there is any con-
stitutional authority for making such railroad ; and if so,
that they specify m their report the provision of the Consti-
tution under which such authouty is claimed.
Mr. Chairman, without committing myself,
either for or against this proposition, I say to this
committee that,' in my judgment, the question of
building a Pacific railroad is one that should be
considered, not only as to the practicability of
making such a road, but that we should go be-
hind all that, and look to the Constitution and see
whether there be any authority in that instru-
ment for the construction of such a work. -
If, sir, that construction of the Constitution
which has always been contended for by the
dominant party in this House, is to prevail, why,
then, there is an end of the Pacific railroad, in
my judgment. If, on the other hand, the con-
struction which has been contended for by the
opponents of that party is to prevail, then there
is authority, though not expressed, perhaps, in
the Constitution itself, for the construction of the
road.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a question
of order. I would inquire if this amendment is
not the same as the one offered by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] and voted upon
a while ago ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair believes it is
substantially the same; but thinks the point of
Order comes too late.
Mr. LEITER. Does the Chair rule me out of
order?
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir; the gentleman
■will proceed.
Mr. LEITER. I say, then, that if the princi-
ple which has prevailed in the Democratic party
for the last quarter of a century is to be applied
to this measure, then there is-an end of your Pa-
cific railroad, and 1 now congratulate my friends
upon the opposite side of the House that their
Democratic President lias recommended a meas-
ure, the principle of which has, in my judgment,
received the brand ofarrant Federalism for twenty-
five years.
Now, sir, I do not claim to belong to the same
stripe of Democracy as the gentlemen on the other
side of the House, to all intents and purposes.
Yet I claim to be a Democrat, and as such, I claim
still for the Constitution of my country a strict
construction; and especially do I require it in a
case of the magnitude of this mighty project,
which has been agitated in this country for years.
I probably differ, on this question, with the gen-
tlemen on this side of the House; yet I am not
willing now in a five-minute speech to say wherein
I differ with them. I offered this amendment
specially for the purpose of permitting my friend
from Maryland [Mr. Davis J to give us his views
in regard to it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I wish to indicate
where I think this power is to be found. The
argument from precedent is found in more than
one instance in the President's message appli-
cable to other topics: I propose to apply it to
this. The power is found where Mr. Jefferson
found authority to commence the national road;
where Mr. Monroe, Mr. John Ciuincy Adams,
and General Jackson found the authority to con-
tinue it; where the present President of the United
States found the authority to vote for the making
of the Chesapeake and Delaware cana]; where the
last Congress found the authority to enter on the
soil of Maryland to make the Washington aque-
duct; where the Congress of the United States has
repeatedly found the authority to declare the great
navigable waters of the western country perpetual
channels of commerce; where Congress found the
authority to declare the Wheeling bridge a post
road; where the last Congress found authority to
overrule the President's veto of the improvement
bills; where this Congress has found authority to
build post offices under that clause of the Consti-
tution which says that Congress shall have power
to establish post offices and post roads. Having
the power to establish the post office by building
it, I suppose they have the equal power to estab-
lish the post road by building it. I find it in that
clause of the Constitution which gives Congress
power to carry on war—it gives the power to
march soldiers, and it gives the incidental power
to provide where they may march. I find it in
that clause of the Constitution which says that
Congress shall provide for the common defense;
and this is for the common defense of the Pacific
States. I find it in that clause of the Constitution
which authorizes Congress to regulate commerce
among the States. In that clause it is that Con-
gress has hitherto found the authority to declare
the navigable waters of the western country per-
petually open channels of commerce.
There are the places, in three several clauses
of the Constitution, in which' the power is found
to sanction what has been the practice of the Gov-
ernment during the whole period of its existence,
with the exception of one or two parts of Adminis-
trations ; and if it be necessary„to make a construc-
tion again, I am now ready to make it. It has been
sanctioned by the decision of the Supreme Court;
and that construction of the power of Congress
has been sanctioned by this House, when it passed
a law declaring the Wheeling bridge a post road,
in order that it might not be torn down, under the
judgment of the Supreme Court of the United
States. I think, sir, that there is an array of au-
thorities on the construction of the Constitution,
and of precedents under the action of the Govern-
ment, which, if it does not solve the doubts of
my ingenious friend from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son,] will oppose some obstacles to the establish-
ment of a different construction.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Leiter's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to amend
by striking out all after the word " resolved,"and
inserting in lieu thereof:
That so much of the President's message and accompa-
nying documents as relate to the Pacific railioad be releired
to a select committee of fitteen, with power to report by bill
or otherwise.
I desire to bring back the resolution as near as
possible to the original resolution offered by the
gentlemanfrom Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] I would
as lief have a committee of thirteen as a commit-
tee of fifteen; but it is necessary to make if a differ-
ent number, so that the amendment may be in or-
der. I desire to have this subject committed to a
committee, with power to inquire fully in regard
to the various routes, and to report to this House
one or more roads, as they may see fit. If gentle-
men desire that that reference .should amount to
nothing more, let the committee be limited in the
manner proposed by the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maysakd,]
I was not present when the amendment was
offered, or I should have opposed it. I do not
believe that it is possible for a committee to con-
cur in a repoit on any route whatever. If the
committee be limited in the beginning to only one
road—if they are to ascertain and inquire, and
report a bill forthe establishment oi only a single
line, there will probably be no concurrence among
them. But let the matter be left open. Let the
committee inquire, and they may finally come to
a resolution which will enable them to report a
specific route; or they may report two lines or
three, and the House, from the report which the
committee may make, may select one. But 1 am
sure that that amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, will tend to defeat the measure alto-
gether. Such is the judgment of the avowed and
known opponents of the measure, as was clearly
seen at the last division. I presume that every
gentleman in the House, who is opposed to the
measure, voted against the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Leiter,] because they
knew that by voting down that amendment, they
would destroy every prospect of the passage of
the Pacific railroad bill by this Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am opposed to the
amendment, because I believe that we have no
constitutional power to act on the subject at all.
I was struck very much with the argument of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] on the
subject of authority. Among other authorities,
the war-making power steps in. Why, if we had
a war with any foreign Power, and if it became of
interest to us to protect our Pacific frontier, how
should we do it? I suppose it would take a hun-
dred years to build this road. Again, I was very
much surprised to hear the gentleman refer to the
powerofbuilding the Washington aqueduct, when
we are the express legislators for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I did not allude to
the District of Columbia. I spoke of the State of
Maryland, through which it is being built.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If that is the point
on which the gentleman hangs, he ought not to
have connected it with the District of Columbia,
as I suppose everybody understands that it was
a work for the benefit of this District, to which the
gentleman referred.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I did not connect
it with the District of Columbia.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Perhaps the gen-
tleman criticises me properly in that respect.
But what struck me as most remarkable was this :
that the gentleman referred to authorities for the
purpose of deciding this question, which author-
ities the gentleman is, I presume, in the habit of
repudiating.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I recognize all of
them, and join issue with the gentleman as to
what is constitutional.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am very happy
to hear it, because they may, perhaps, furnish us
with some evidence on this subject before the de-
bate is closed.
But one word more, Mr. Chairman. The people
of California are very able to take care of them-
selves, if you provide them with munitions of
war. The finest soldiers under the sun are there
in abundance. The same difficulty that we would
have to experience in getting there would apply
with increased force to any Power with which we
may be ever engaged in war; and the idea that it
is necessary for the protection of California that
we should have this road, is an idea which I re-
pel without hesitation. It is a mistake. Califor-
nia has bone and muscle there to protect herself
against any Power that can assail her.
A Member. How about rebellion?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. She can go out of
this Union, in my opinion, whenever she sees fit;
and as to any insurrection among her people, she
has the power to put that down, I answer for
it, with such assistance as she can find without
difficulty.
But the argument has been, " we must get this
road, that we may be able to repel the attack of
any great naval Power, such as England or
France." If that be so, we must, of course, look
to that view of the argument. But if it be to put
down rebellion, there is nothing to prevent us
from marching there with the facilities that we
now possess.
But, again, the idea of building a railroad which
it will take one hundred years to complete, for
the purpose of meeting an enemy on that coast,
which enemy would get there around Cape Horn,
or across the isthmus, is to my mind a fallacy of
argument.
I think, for these reasons, that there is nothing
in the project. It will do for gentlemen to talk
about and make capital of; but the idea of build-
ing a road with the aid of the Federal Government
alone, is to me an absurdity—a road preceding
population, instead of population preceding the
road.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Maynard
and John Cochrane were appointed.
The amendment was agreed to; the tellers
having reported—ayes 93, noes not counted.
Mr. MILLSON demanded tellers on the amend -
ment as amended.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS moved that the committee rise
and report the resolutions to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that, the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
