1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbing, Roberts, Royce, Aaron Shaw,
John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Robeit Smith, Spin-
ner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Walbrtdge, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—120.
NAYS — Messrs. Ah!, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Av-
ery, Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Caskie, John B. Clark,
Clay, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Corning,
James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson,
Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dimmiek, Dovvdell, Edmund-
son, Ellioft, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Garnett, Cartrell,
Gillis, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill,
Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huyler,Jackson, Jenkins, Jew-
ett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob
M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Letcher, Macfay, Mc-
Queen, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson, Moore,
Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ready,
Reagan, ReUly, Ruffln, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales,
Scott, Searing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Sickles,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stalhvorth,
Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George
Taylor, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Ward, Wairen, Watkins,
White, Whiteley, Wmslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Au-
gustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and ZolUcoffer—112.
So the bill, as amended, was passed.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Is it in order to move
to strike out of the preamble a portion of the Ian-
guage ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it is not. The question has been suggested within
the last few minutes. The proper time to have
moved any amendment to the preamble was, in
the opinion of the Chair, before the bill was or-
dered to a third readme;.
Mr. MONTGOMERY moved that the vote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered; and
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, the
House (atfive minutes to three o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 2, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Samuel Rogers.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to submit to the Sen-
ate Mr. William Henry Ward's mode of signal
telegraph forgeneral marine service, together with
a communication from him on the subject. This
communication connects itself with the bill intro-
duced by the Committee on Commerce author-
izing the establishment of a code of marine sig-
nals" for the marine service. As the bill lias been
reported, I shall be content to let this communi-
cation lie on the table, and ask the attention of
the Senate to it when the bill shall come up.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mv. SL1DELL presented the memorial of T.
Hart Hyatt, United States Consul at Amoy, in
China, praying compensation for judicial services
performed under the act of Congress of August
11, 1848; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented pa-
pers in relation to the claim of Levi Johnson and
Mary Burchfield, in the right of Samuel Slaugh-
ter to bounty land; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Iowa, praying for a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Fort
Dodge to Sioux Falls, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FITCH presented a memorial of citizens
of Martin county, Minnesota, for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Winnebago City to
Jackson; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 have received two petitions
very numerously signed by citizens of Maine, who
represent that, by the provisional articles of the
treaty of 1782, the boundary between the State
of Maine and the Province of New Brunswick
was defined to be by a line to be drawn along the
middle of the river "St. Croix, from its mouth, in
the bay of Fundy, to its source, and from its
source north, &c., and by the treaty of 1783 the
same boundary was given. The boundary from
the source of the river to the northernmost point
lias been marked and defined; but the line along
the river has never yet been defined, leaving the
islands in the river still in dispute. These me-
morialists ask that " your honorable bodies will
adopt such measures as will cause the requisite
commission to be raised or appointed by the two
Governments to run and define said line." I
move that the memorials be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered;, That the petition of Townsend Harris, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial of John W.
Phillips, and that he have leave to withdraw his memorial
and papers.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, it
was
Ordered, That the petition of John B. and Thomas John-
ston , on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Claims.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That Emma A. Wood have leave to withdraw
herpetiuou and papers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Charles
Knap, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce; which was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the House had
passed the bill of the Senate (S. No. 176) to ac-
quire certain lands needed for the Washington
aqueduct in the District of Columbia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
233) for the relief of Samuel C. Phagin and others;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 234) concerning the remission of fines,
penalties, and forfeitures; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
further petitions or reports, the first business in
order is the following resolution from the House
of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the President of
the Senate and Speaker of the House of Representatives
declare their respective Houses adjourned sine die on the
iiist Monday of June next, at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. BROWN. I think it very manifest that
we ought not to concur in that resolution now. I
move that for the present it he on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN". I hope not.
Mr, SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Mr. BROWN. If there be any objection to
that precise motion, I will move to postpone the
resolution until to-morrow, as Senators around,
me tell me that will put it on the Calendar to come
up in its order. All I ask is, that there be no ac-
tion on it now. I do not think we are in a con-
dition to dispose of it now.
Mr. SEWARD. There is no objection to that.
Mr. BROWN. Then 1 move that it be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS ELECTIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next busi-
ness in order is the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Dougi.as,] on the 4th of
February, calling for information in relation to
the elections in the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose the day has gone
by when the information would be of any service,
if obtained; and I move that the resolution he on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. STUART. I reported a bill yesterday,
which passed the Senate at the last session; and
although it is a bill of only eight or nine lines, it
is very important: simply authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to issue patents to the States
in cases where grants of land have been made to
them for purposes of railroad construction, or other
similar constructions, in order that they may have
evidence to put on record of their title. I suppose
there will be no objection to it, and I move that
it be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands from the Clerk that it has not come
from the Printer. It is not here.
Mr. STUART. Then I will ask the Senate to
take up a bill for the relief of Mark Layman, re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands some
days since.
Mr. BIGGS. I would respectfully suggest to
the Senator from Michigan, that instead of call-
ing up the case of which he speaks, about which
there is some doubt as to whether it is on the
Calendar, we proceed to take up the Calendar
regularly until the hour of one o'clock arrives.
I think that would be better.
Mr. STUART. Very well, sir.
Mr. BIGGS. I move to take up the bills on
the Calendar m their regular order.
The motion was agreed to.
JUDGE OF CRIMINAL COURT.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 54) to equalize the salaries of certain judges
of the courts for the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand that the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] has an amendment
to offer to that bill, and he is not in his seat. I
move, therefore, to postpone it until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIANA MEETING OF FRIENDS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 46)
to grant the right of preemption in certain lands
to the Indiana yearly meeting of the Society of
Friends.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask for the reading of the re-
port in that case.
The Clerk read the following report, made by
Mr. Pugh, on the 21st of January:
The Committee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
Senate bill No. 46,<4 to grant the right of preemption in cer-
tain lands to the Indiana yeaily meeting of the Society of
Friends," has had the same under consideration, and rec-
ommends its passage.
The committee adopts the report on this subject made at
the last Congress, namely:
The Committee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the memoual of Charles F. Coflin, clerk, " signed by direc-
tion, and on behalf, of the meeting forsuffeiings of Indiana
yearly meeting of Friends," has had the same under consid-
eration, and a*;ks leave now to report:
It appears that almost, or quite, foity years ago, the In-
diana yearly meeting of Friends, in conjunction with the
Baltimore and Ohio yearly meetings of the same religious
society, appointed a permanent committee to found a mis-
sion with the Shawnee tribe of Indians, and instruct them,
as far as possible, m the arts of civilized hfe, in letters, and
in the doctrines of the Christian religion.
Acting under the direction of these yearly meetings, and
furnished with funds by them, from time to time, the com-
mittee established a school, and made other suitable ar-
rangements for the mission at Wapakousta, in the State of
Ohio, where the Indians then resided. The school was
maintained faithfully until the Shawnees disposed ot their
land in Ohio to the United States, and migrated to their
present location beyond the Mississippi river when, at the
earnest solicitation of the chiefs and councilors of the tribe,
the committee removed the school and mission to what is
now Kansas Territory, and there erected buildings, and
made other valuable improvements, upon a tract of land des-
ignated tor that purpose.
It appears, furthermore, that in the new establishment,
as in the former one, these vcaily meeting.?, by their com-
mittee, labored zealously and m good faith, to promote the
temporal and spiritual welfare of the Indians with whom
they have been so long connected.
Previous to the tieaty dated May 10, 1854, those in charge
of the school and mission were allowed, by the authouties
of the tribe, to inclose and use as much land as they re-
quired, and obtain limber from any pait of the Shawnee
domain. i?y that treaty, however, the committee of Friends
was restneteri to a tract of three hundred and twenty acres,
constituting the minion taun, which tract is almost or en-
tirely destitute of timber. And it seems to be now impos-
sible to maintain the establishment, even with a large an-
nual expenditure of money fiom the yearly meetings above
mentioned, unless a suppiv oftimbefcan be secured.
The yearly meeting of Indiana, therefore, asks permis-
sion to locate and purchase, as a preemption right, at the
price of one dollar and twenty-five cents an acre, two tracts
in the neighborhood of the mission fatm, namely, one hun-
dred and twenty acres west of the farm, and two hundred
acres on the south side of the Kansas river.
Tins application has been approved (the committcc un-
derstands) by the Shawnee tribe in council, as well as by
the Commissioner of Indian Affaire and the Commissioner
of the General Land OtFico. The only obstacle is in ilie
fact that our general statutes do not authorize any t-u^h pre-
