1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2463
been raised between the Senator from Vermont >
and the Senator from Mississippi. It seems to i
have been settled that it is necessary to have a ;
Senate Chamber and a Representative Chamber in
which everybody can hear everybody, and every-
body can sec everybody; and the want of these
qualities rendered the old Chambers inconvenient.
Itseemsalso to havebeen settled thattheonlyform
in which a Chamber can be made, and furnish these
two qualities, is the oblong and the parallelogram;
and that there must be no breaking ofthe walls, no
breaking of sm faces; there must be parallel and
smooth surfaces. It is nothing else, then, in either
case, but the form of a chest—the most graceless
form in geometry or in architecture. When you
have got that form, it certainly requires some mod-
ification, in some way, to make it agreeable to the
eye and to make it pleasant to the taste. I have
considered the matter, and I do notknowany way j
in which the Hall of the House of Representatives
could have been relieved of the venous objection
of the deformity so disagreeable to the eye, of an
oblong room with naked, smooth surfaces, and
commended it to my taste so effectually as it has 1
been by the process of embellishment which has j
been adopted. But, as has been sa.d by others, !
so it is with me; I have not been trained to the
study of tins matter. I know that 1 do not appre-
ciate the highest perfection of music as those do ■
whose castes have been cultivated up to it; and it 1
is only as I study the art of painting that I come •
to appreciate qualities which those who me not •
versed m that art do not appreciate. I have ,
thought it due to express my approbation of what
has been done m both Chambers, and fo say thnt,
so far as I am concerned, I am content with it; .
but 1 do not suppose my opinion will be of any
essential value. !
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I am not ac- '
quaink-d with the details of exteedmg the wings |
ofthe Capitol; butth^te jk one circumstance to
which my attention has been du v n ,and on which :
I should like to obtain information; and that is, :
who are the sculptors that arc, employed in the ,
shanties out here, i n preparing ihe different statues '
for their appropiiate places in the new Capitol' '
1 have observed somo of them; and the goddess
of Liberty, I believe, is one. I am an admner
of statuary, but I cannot say that lam a critic, or ,
even an amateur, in that department of art. It does
seem to me that it is a fLrnru winch makes rather
a queer display m the Capitol, in the first place,
I object to its attitude. It appears to me to be m
anguish—drawn back in the most ungiacefuland
ungainly altitude fui a lady. [Laughter.] It ap-
pears to'be m toime.U; and had it been physical,
I should have imagined that it ieaily had alml,
tinder the arm [Laughter.] Take n all in ah-— ;
take the toAl intcmbU—1 have seen nothing resem- j
Wins U. Instead of the bare feet with sandals,
it is represented with a very formidable pair ot i
russet brogans, that would su't very well tor la- (
borers in theswarnps of ilie South. That js one j
ofthe mostqaeerancfndiculousthings I have ever :
seen to lepies'-nt human natuie. I have never ■
seen a wax figure bat what was equally graceful |
*md lather more beautiful and artistic in its ap- :
peaiance. i
Then there is an Indian woman, or squaw, to j
he more technical, seated on a slab of marble
Thn
little papoose
st'eking out like a terrapin's, [laughter,] without
i echniiiggrocefully on the arm. She has a blanket,
or something, holding it up; and us little neck,
without the least curve or grace, is very ftifF, like
an apple on a stick. [Laughter.] Now, s:i, think
of iY, tlidt thloughout ali ai^es, as long as thus Cap-
itol shall stand,"or this Union exist, which I hope
is to be forever, that poor hMe Indian has to sus-
tain a henvv head with that little neck, and with-
out a mother's aid to hold H reclining on herorms.
[Laughter.] Any pmson who will look at that
inu.-^i V agumr.-'d'.  S:r, the scenes around us in
tins building ought to inspire cheerfulness and
pleasuie. Instead" of that, a contemplation of this
liguie Will mfuct agony on evety human being of
sensibility.
And then there is a poor Indian boy, who looks
ns if of Oriental stuck. He has a large shell on
his sVmlder*; and, in tins agonizing attitude,
w 11 >r1 - to spoilt continually on him._ He is in the
vi<v t I'eiv.ie, miserable, cruel, agonizing attitude
m which i ever saw a creatine. It will inspire
niDii' let, ini u at, o';uivu v.i omw wi ...iv.
int mny be very well executed; but site has a ■
le papoose m her arms, and its little head is ,
us with feelings of anguish if we should ever see
these figures displayed about this Capitol. I
would like to have the gentlemen of the Senate go
and see them, before they are placed in a situa-
tion where they will have to be removed; for it
will cost something to place them there. I insist
that, at least, there ought to be an amendment for
the purpose of providing curtains to hang in front
of them, so that they shall never be seen. I am a
man of sympathy; I feel for human suffering; and
I could not contemplate one of these three figures
without the extremest agony. They are in tor-
ment; you would suppose they were representa- •
tions of some criminal that had committed an un- j
pardonable offense, for which he was doomed to 1
perpetual agony. I object to their going into this ]
Capitol, or being about it. I do not know the ,
artist; I cannot exactly say whether he is a -
native—no, sir, I know he is not a native; for a .
native artist, observing nature as it is in our '
forests and m our wilds—for we all moie or less
pass through forests and see nature, animal, veg- 1
etable, material, all around us—could not have :
fancied such sketches as these are. I object ;
to them unequivocally; I can never submit to j
them. |
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator's sympathetic heart j
is greatly moved at this mother of stone's rude |
treatment of her child; and his sympathy getting !
possession of his judgment, and his industry not \
having induced him to acquire any information on j
the subject, he supposes these statues are to go j
in the Capitol. One is a faun, a piece merely m- j
tended to be put under a fountain. He mixes up ,
the group made for the pediment with the idea of 1
statues for the niches in the Capitol; and after oil !
that Ins eyes drank m had been exhausted, he !
turned his imagination loose, and commenced on |
the broad field of assumption; and he presumed J
it would be presumption in any man m this Cham- I
ber to attempt to stup from Crawford, the great j
American genius, whose name has shed a luster j
upon our country, his merit as an artist—one ,
whose early death was the nation's loss, and j
whom the nation yet deplores, lie it was who, j
so ignorant m the eyes of the Senator from Texas,
modeled those masterpieces of art, which lie did ,
i not live to see finally executed; and yet the Sena-
i tor assumes that he must have been a foreigner;
I and he no doubt felt hunself safe fiom the suppo-
sition, because in the United States we have so few ,
i sculptors th.it wc might have been anveii to etn-
j ploy a foreigner! Thete were two pediments.
r One was OiTeied to Crawford, the man of highest ;
j genius whoever held an Ameiican chiscl in las 1
hand II-j took it. That is the master work of
his life, and will stand as longas the Senator hopes
the Union will stand, as a monument of his ge-
nius, and an honor to his country. The other
was offered to Powers. He declined it. His higfl
reputation as an American artist caused me to
regret that he declined it. It is still open to an
Amei icon artist. It has been oiFoied to none other;
1 no invitation has been given to any other than
] American artists. If the Senator will infoini hirn-
■ self a little more, 1ns ciiticisms htreafter may
I bespaied the corrections which they now pro-
| voke.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask v.heth-r Mr.
1 Crawford lived toeomph;te the pieces he designed,
; and what pieces he designed5
' Mr. DAVlS. l>erv one that belongs to the
pediment,accomplished by his own hand,and 1111-
noited heie,and ue.'u in the progress of its ex-
ecution; but a disease that proved fatal before its
i fmal aceomplnhment.
! Mr. HOUSTON. I believe it is not completed
! yet. How any man, unless he was under the
j influence of a diseased h \un, could ever have tan-
i cied that a pair of brogans were becoming, and m-
! corporated neeessanly with heathen mythology,
: [laughtei,] I e;mnot conceive.
i Mr. DAVIS. The Senator must allow me to
j instiuct him. because lu-s wit is out of place, and
j particularly as it is practiced on a dead artist of
such eminent character.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is on the marble.
Mr. DAVIS. It is no heathen mythology.
Mr. HOUSTON. The goddess of Liberty ?
Mr. DAVIS. You did not even stop to learn
the name of the thing,orthe distance at which it
was to be viewed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not want to do it.
[Laughter.] I was satisfied that it was some un-
fortunate lady that had fallen into great bodily
agony and infelicity of feeling. Her countenance
denotes nopleasure. I should like to know what
lady has commended herself to the consideration
of the Government, in a national point of view,
so far as to be entitled to so much bestowmentof
art, and of labor, and expenditure, that has worn
brogan shoes? [Laughter.] I commend it to the
special notice of Senators. Her robe is floating;
the zone is bound with loose drapery; and who
ever heard of a person, thus dressed and decora-
ted, wearing brogan shoes? Nobody, Mr. Pres-
ident, ever heard of it. It is not wit; it is matter,
of gravity and solemn complaint with me. Who
ever heard of a mother holding a child in her arms,
with the little fellow's neck sucking out like your
finger? No, sir; it reclines on the mother's arm
and is not drawn up in that agonizing attitude. It
is unheard of. I do not care who has done it—it
is an imposition upon art. Crawford was a ge-
nius, and lie never did it. It is impossible that
genius, taste, or fancy, could ever have suggested
such a thing. Sir, go and look at the two stat-
ues. Look at the infant in the mother's arms,
and see its attitude, and what it must perpetually
endure. See, too, the attitude of that personage—
I do not know who she is; it appears I was mis-
taken m supposing she was the goddess of Lib-
erty. Certainly, 1 would have taken no undue
liberties with her, [laughter,] because, to have
commented on the model appeals to be culpable..
I did not intend it; I intended nothing but to de-
liver my opinion. I am not a scribbler, or I should
have criticised them in the newspapers, to have
prevented their introduction to the public eye.
They well become their picscnt condition; they
are unfinished, and I hope will remain so as long
as time lasts; for whenever the artist, or the lover
of nature, or the admirer of beauty, of grace, and
of elegance, comes to contemplate them, they
must be condemned, no matter who produced them.
I intend no reflection on the sculptor. I intend
not the slightest reflection on the memory of the
departed. My friends and my enemies are to me
alike when covered by the earth's dust—bearing
no part of my animosity. 1 only extend the sym-
pathies of friendship to my friends with a ten-
derness that, perhaps, I have not had the gener-
osity to bestow upon my adversaries; but I never
reflected upon an artist or a man of genius. Being
deficient in it myself, I admire it in others; and I
am willing to accoid to them the highest eulogi-
ums—the highest praise; but I judge the tree by
its fruit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Da-
vis, as modified; which was, to strike out all after
the woid " for" in the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance, and insert:
The completion ofthe Capitol extciwon,$1.185.18334.
Mr. HUNTER. For one, I am not willing to
appropriate the entire amount. 1 think thatwhero
ever we can, we ought to cut off something from
the estimates for public buildings and prosecute
them a little moie slowly. We have had to pro-
pose to appropriate for other public buildings over
the country, i>i order to perform existing con-
tracts, and we shall make the appropriations so
Ini .^e that there will be no chance of meeting them
with any means we have. It may be that they
could expend the whole sum proposed to be ap-
propriated, by the meeting of the next Congress;
but I would rather they should go on more slowly
Let us save whenever we can, if it be only two
or three hundred thousand dollars. It would be
a great point if we could succeed m cut'ing down
the estimates, if we can do so consistently with
the public service, three or four millions. We
shall find relief at the ttext session if we succeed
in doing it.
Mr. DAVIS. If the object of the chahman of
the Committee on Finance is economy, he is pur-
suing the wrong road. Unless he allows the su-
perintendent to have that amount of money which
will keep the whole force on the work, it follows
as a necessary consequence that he will have to
discharge the force, and reemploy them when he
gets additional appropriations. The difference
between the sum necessary to complete the work,
and that which the committee agreed to allow, is
$435,001). I think it much butler to appropriate
