1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1439
emption. The Commissioner of the Land Office speaks of
it, however, in this language:
"The application is one which would recommend it-self*
favotably, I should think, to the consideration of Congress;
and it would be giatifymg to me to learn that it had met
with favor from that body, who alone can grant relief in the
piemises."
It should be recollected, also, that this mission is the first
ever established with the Shawnees; that they were then
in a wild, and, in fact, desolate condition ; that they are
now comfortably established m a fertile countiy, and have
cultivated farms,with horses and cattle, and are far advanced
in civilization.
The treaty of May 10, 1854, reserved two or three entire
sections of land for the benefit of the Methodist mission—an
establ.sliment ot much later date—lor which payment is to
bo made by the cducauon ot a specified numbei of the Shaw-
nee children. In these circumstances the pioposition of the
soeietv of Friends to purchase the mission farm assigned to
it, and two neighboring tracts of woodland, three hundred
and twenty acres, at the uMinl price m cases of preemption,
seems to > our committee entuely reasonable.
A bill is reported, therefore, in accordance with the
prayer of the memorial, with a section (third) intended to
prevent the lands, or any partof them, from ever being used
for the purposes of speculation.
Mr. BIGGS. I see that the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Pugh] who made that report, is not in his
seat. When the bill was up before, i think there
was some objection made to it. I move to post-
pone its further consideration until to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. I really hope tlmt will not be
done. I can correct the recollection of my friend,
I think. At the time the bill was up before, the
Senator from Ohio was very anxious to pass it;
but it will be recollected that the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Clay] desired that it should be
delayed until be could look into it. That I pre-
sume he has done. The Senator from North Car-
olina will see that tins case is certainly one of the
strongest that could be presented. The bill is
simply to enable this society to pay §1 25an acre
for this land for the purposes of timberconnected
with their school. It had a careful investigation
by the committee, and an equally careful one
by the Department. It is regarded as eminently
just and proper. It received the favorable consid-
eration of the committee at the last session, and
passed the Senate; and it is important, as these
lands are being settled up, that the question should
be determined. The Indians are for it; and the
executive Department of the Government having
charge of such cases is for it; and I think the re-
port shows a very good case indeed. I hope,
therefore, it will not be postponed. I assure the
Senator from North Carolina that the Senator
from Ohio is very anxious for its passage.
Mr. BIGGS. I took it for granted that the Sen-
ator from Ohio was in favor of the bill, as he made
the report. I alluded to the fact of his absence,
not recollecting what Senator made the opposition
when the bill was pending before. I recollect very
well indeed that there was some opposition to it,
and the Senator from Michigan leminds me that
it came from the Senator from Alabama. The
Senator fiom Alabama also is not in his scat; and
as he wished to investigate the matter—I presume
he has investigated it—and is not present now, it
seems to me to be improper to take up the bill for
consideration at this time. I will very frankly
say to the Senator from Michigan that the prin-
ciple involved in the bill does not meet my appro-
bation. It isthe extension of the preemption laws
to religious societies; i 'us being a religious organ-
ization. I think the preemption laws go far enough
already. I shall not discuss the question; but as
the Senator from Alabama, who heretofore made
the objection, is absent, I hope the bill will be
postponed.
Mr. STUART. I am very anxious indeed for
the passage of this bill. 1 think it is important,
highly so, to the Indians who are connected with
and benefited by this school. If theSenatorfrom
Alabama, when he comes in to-day, shall say that
he hasnotexamined this question, and wants time
and opportunity to do so, I shall have no objec-
tion to a. motion to reconsider being entered, so
that he may have that opportunity; for I feel as-
sured that the more this bill is examined the more
it will impress itself on the mind of every Senator
here as being, as I said before, eminently just and
proper.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
tor from North Carolina insist on his motion to
postpone ?
Mr. IjIGGS. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to state
that, as a member of the Committee on Public
Lands, I was not present when this report was
adopted.- The bill extends the preemption priv-
ilege to a religious society. We have had during
the last two or three Congresses, not less than one
thousand petitions in behalf of various societies
throughout the United States, asking for public
lands. This bill, it is true, requires the payment
into the Treasury of $1 25 an acre for the land.
So far it is no injustice to the public; but when-
ever you commence extending facilities or benefits
ofthis character, connected with the publiclands,
to societies of any description whatsoever, you
will have taken a step that leads to—where, no
one can tell.
I am satisfied, with reference to the public lands
and their disposition in the future, that this will
be as unwise a step as we can possibly take. I
say to those gentlemen who represent the old
States, and have ever been so jealous in regard to
the disposition to be made of the public lands, that
by passing this bill, they now take the first step
towards a system of donation of the public lands
for every kind of wild scheme that can be present-
ed to Congress. Pass this bill, and your files here
will show, within twelve months from this time,
certainly within the period of the next Congress,
a very large increase of petitions, that will be pre-
sented here in favor of various schemes, for the
disposition of the public lands. If you grant this
special favor to this society, it will bo taken as a
precedent, and the dollar and a quarter an acre
will become a matter of small consequence, the
precedent having been extended of giving privi-
leges of this kind connected with the publiclands.
You will find it not very long before the dollar and
a quarter will be dispensed with, and they will
become nothing but naked donations for the ob-
jects which the parties preferring petitions may
have in view.
I hope this bill will not be passed by Congress;
I hope it will never become a law. It is for char-
itable, educational, and various other purposes
that these petitions have hitherto been presented.
Hitherto the most extensive provisions have been
made by the laws of Congress in the new States
for educational purposes, by grants of public lands
to the States for that object. Then in regard to
the Indians, if it is upon that ground that the
Senator wants this grant, we can well say that the
Govei nmentof the United States has incurred ex-
pense without stmt in every direction for the In-
dians; and many persons, myself among the num-
ber, think your Indian expenditures have been, in
some respects, of the most extravagant character.
I do not think the public lands now ought to be
opened to objects of that kind. It seems to me
that sound policy would forbid our embarking in
any system of this nature. This is but the incep-
tion of it; and I hope it will not succeed. I know
,of no instance in which a bill of this nature has
ever been passed and become a law hitherto. I
hope very much it will not be permitted to pass
now; I dread the consequences of its passage.
Mr. STUART. I confess that T had no idea of
eliciting so much discusston on this subject; but
I can assure my honorable friend from Arkansas
that this bill does not involve the principle which
he has stated, and which he says might readily be
conceived to be an opening of an important ques-
tion. The bill before us is simply this, and no
more: this land is not in market; it has not been
offered for sale; it lies adjacent to the lands these
people occupy for the purposes of their school.
The Shawnee Indians ask that they may, through
this society, be permitted to secure a wood tract
for the use of the school by having a preemptive
right to pay a dollar and a quarter an acre for it.
The bill limits it so that the land cannot be dis-
posed of for any other purpose. It is singly and
solely to afford an opportunity to the managers of
this Indian school at their own request to buy this
quantity of wood-land at $1 25 an acre, and keep
it for that purpose. I do think it is the plainest
proposition of propriety, so far as the education
of the Indians is concerned, that could be pre-
sented to the Senate; and it does not at all involve
the question of embarking in the project of grant-
ing the public lands to religious societies, or any
other societies. It is simply to aid this Indian
school in having some woodland by which to sus-
tain the school, at 25 an acre.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask why it
is that the parties who petition lor these rights,
as the land is yet public, cannot with propnety
meet that species of rivalry which everybody else
has to meet in acquiring lands? It is just as open
to them as to anybody else to enter the land when
the time shall come that it will be open for settle-
ment. It may be that you interfere with the
rights of some others by giving exclusive privileges
to them. I ask the Senator from Michigan why
it is they are not equally safe with any other so-
ciety, or any other individual, without the pas-
sage of a special act of this kind ?
Mr. STUART. I will answer the Senator with
a great deal of pleasure. It simply prevents spec-
ulators from coming into competition with this
Gluaker Indian school, and compelling them, per-
haps, to pay twenty, thirty, or forty dollars an
acre for this land when it shall be offered at pub-
lic sale. The committee have ascertained,and so
has the Indian bureau, that there are no settlers
on the land. There is no rivalry of interest at all.
The bill simply authorizes this school, as I said
before, to secure a wood tract by paying $1 25 an
acre for it, and prevents them from ever alienating
it. I certainly can see no objection to that.
Mr. JOH.NSON, of Arkansas. I am certainly
opposed to this bill. The speculators are con-
stantly brought before this body in regard to the
public lands as a scare-crow, when it is soughtto
secure some special and particular privilege, and
establish some monopoly. I have not seen so
much harm come out of these speculators to the
publicTreasury, for it is invariably the case that
if they purchase public lands, the Treasury ^ets
the money. If they pay an increased price for
the land, it must have been worth the price to
those who gave it. But it is Shid this is for the
benefit of the Indians. Weil, sir, I do not know
a wealthier people on this continent, and I do not
behove there is in the world, than some of the
Indians we have. Absolutely at this time there
are tribes worth more, per capita, than ar.y people
who live on God's globe. There is no question
of this fact. I know that some of the Indian
tribes are the richest people that live upon the
face of the earth. They are worth money; they
have plenty in their treasury; they are able to
make public expenditures; they pay no taxes; and
yet we are constantly legislating in this direction.
Now, the Senator speaks of speculators. So
soon as speculators are brought up to a charge on
this body, we gather in a flock and fly; we will
do anything to avoid them. Speculators are ter-
rible men ! Well, sir, the petitioners in this case
have the very same opportunities to enter these
lands that other individuals have. Having these
opportunities, I do not see that it is necessary that
we should give them peculiar privileges and en-
able them to come in and get lands at a less price
than persons who may be living upon them, and
get them without regard to the rights of others.
There are very honest people who may be, and I
have no doubt will be, ruled out by granting a
privilege of this kind. 1 do not think it is right.
I know it is the commencement of a system that
will end, not with the application of this one re-
ligious society, but will go on to all the rest. I
do not believe, as one person living m a new State,
that we ought to commence this system.
Mr. HUNTER. I think there is a great deal
in what has been said by the Senator from Ar-
kansas. I know we have made ample provision
for the education of the Indians. As lie says,
some of these tribes are among the richest people
on earth. Our annual Indian bill has always a
large amount in it for the education of Indians. I
do not see now why we should extend the pre-
emption system to societies. It was designed to
encourage settlement. But surely,as the Senator
from Arkansas says, it would be a dangerous
precedent to begin to allow societies to select the
best lands, to enter them at preemption prices, to
give them exclusive privileges. I quite agree with
him that the bill ought not to pass.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Anything concerning
the Indians who have been placed under our car©
and protection has always been a subject of in*
terest to me. It seems to me that the object of
this bill is a very meritorious one. I did not un-
derstand my friend from Arkansas to say any-
thing to the contrary as to this particular instance;
but he is apprehensive of the consequences of its
admitting a species of claims hitherto disregarded,
but which may be set up by societies generally
for religious or charitable purposes. Now, sir,
all future Congresses must distinguish between
the good and the bad; and we may trust them to
