THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
had, according to order, hud the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the Presi-
dent's annual message, and had adopted a series
of resolutions which he was directed to report to
the House.
Mi. J.GLANCY JONES moved that the res-
olutions be concurred in; and on that motion
called for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Are the resolu-
tions divisible ?
The SPEAKER. They are, if a division is
called for before the previous question is sec-
onded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand a sep-
arate vote on the resolutions in relation to the Pa-
cific railroad.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STANTON. Was not a resolution, in re-
gard to Nicaragua, amended in committee?
The SPEAKER. The resolutions were re-
ported from the committee as a whole.
Mr. STANTON. Must not the question be
taken whether the House will agree to the amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. The resolutions originated
in the committee, and were not sent there from
the House. If they had been, then amendments
would lmvc boon reported. The resolutions are
reported ns original propositions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Notas the)''were
introduced m committee by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, but os the com-
mittee agreed to them.
The first eleven resolutions were concurred in.
The twelfth resolution was reported as follows:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message and
accompanying documents a& relates to tile Pacific idihoad,
be refened to a select committee of fifteen, with powei ip
report by bill or otheiwusc.
Mr. FLORENCEf. Is it in order to amend by
making the reference to the Committee on Roads
and Canals ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the previous ques-
tion having been ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE demandedthe yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can this House
refer the same subject to different committees at
the same time ?
The SPEAKER. If the House chooses to do
so the Chair thinks it can. It is a question for
the House and not the Chair.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HILL. I have been absent from the House
for several days on account of indisposition; and
as I do not know what the resolution is, I would be
glad if the Clerk would report it.
The resolution was reported.
Mr. FLORENCE. May I ask one question?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have a right to ask a
question, and I do not care whether the gentleman
objects or not. [Laughter.] I wish lo knowT
whether, if this proposition is lost, it will be in
order to move to refer it to the Committee on
Roads and Canals?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
if this resolution is not carried, the House will
have no control over the matter, inasmuch as the
President's message will not be before the House.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 137, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adiain, Anderson, Andrews,
Aveiy, Barksdale, lii!linghur<t, Bingham, Bishop, Blair,
BhspJ Bowie, Biayton. Biyan, Buffinton, Builm«a ie,
Bums, Buirough$, Campbell, Case, Chafi'ee, Ezra Claik,
John 13. C'latk, dawson, Clay. Clark B. Cochrane, John
Cochrane, Coekorill, Colfax. Comms, Corning. Covode,
Cox,Ciagin. James Craig,Curtis, DamielJ, Davis of Maiy-
land, Davis oi Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
iow.i, Dav/os, Doan, Dowart, Dick, Dodd, Dunee, Elliott,
English, Farnsworth. Foster, Giddings, Giimau, Granger,
G.eenwood, Oiopg. (Jioe&beck. Lawrence W. Hall, Roh-
eit B. Hall, riaiJan, Thomas L. Ilanis, Hatch, Houon,
Howaid Huylcr, lCel!og<r, Kelsey. Kilgoie, Knapp, Landy,
Leach,La.dy, Lovejoy,Maclay, flumphiey Matshall,Sam-
uel S Massliall. Mayumd, Miller, Montgomeiy, Moigan,
j\Ioiiill,Edivpid Joy Moras, Fieeman H. Morse, Oliver A^
Morse, Mou, Mui ray, Niblaek. Nichols, Olm, Palmer, Pai It-
er. Pendleton, PeiM, Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
23
FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1858.
New Series....No. 23.
. Pmviaticc, Ready, Reagan, Ricaud, Robbing Roberts,
, Uoyce, Ru-^eJl, tWididge, Scott, Seanng, Seward, Aaron
i Shawj John Sherman, Jud>on \V Shoi man, Robert Smith,
1 Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, George Tay-
[ lor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Under-
| wood, Wade, Waldion, Walton, Waul, Waricn, Cadwal-
( ader C. WaMibume, Eihhu B. Wa-shhurne, fsiapl Wa^h-
' burn, Watkms, Wilson, Wood, Wood&on, and Worten-
j dyke—137.
; NAYS— Me'bt?. Bennett, Bocock. Boyce, Branch, Bui-
' nett, Ca.-kic, Chapman. lluince F. Claik^ Clmgman. Cobb,
; Buiton Craige, Crawioid, Cuny. Davidson. Dowdell, Ed-
! murulsoii, Faulknei, Plon-ncc, Fohn, Gat'nett, Gartrell,
; Hawkins, Hickman. Hill, Hoard, Hopkins, Houston, Jaek-
] tM">n, Jenkins, (ieoigc W. Jone*\ J. Clancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kent, Kelf\. Jacob M. Kunkel, Letter, Letcher,
McQueen, Ma-on, Miles, MdUon, Moore, Peyton, Powell,
Quitman', Rpiilv, Ruftin. Scales, Uemy M. Shaw, Shorter,
Singleton, William Smith, Srallworth, Stevenson, James
A. Stewart, Tnppe, Waibudge, W'hiteiey, Winslow, and
John V. Wright—6U.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the call,
Mr. AVERY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Atkins,was confined to his room by indisposition.
Mr.WALDRON stated that Mr. Clemens was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. CRAJGE, of North Carolina, stated that
Mr. Gilmer had been called home bv the severe
indisposition of a member of his family.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidei be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Air. J. CLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the firstresolutions were adopt-
ed, and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the Houac a communication from the De-
partment of State, inclosing a letter addressed to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, requesting that an appropriation may be
made to defray certain expenses in negotiating
the reciprocity treaty wit'h Great Britain, and re-
questing the House to give it the properdirection;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Alt.0, a communication from the Commissioner
of Patents, transmitting, as icquired by the four-
teenth section of the act approved March 3,1S51,
the annual report of his office for the year 1857;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
ENROLLED BILLS-
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Rills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act to author-
ize the issuing of a register to the bark Jehu; when
the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. KEIT1. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly (at three o'clock and thirty minutes)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 21, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. C. H. Hall.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Air. HOUSTON presented the petition of Ran-
dall Pegg, praying to be allowed the difference
between the pay he received and that flowed to
the other watchmen who were employed at the |
public buildings, during the time he served as a
watchman at the Patent Office buildings; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Jo-
seph Dowd, who served in the war with Mexico,
praying for an increase of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PUG1I presented the memorial of the
board of trustees of the Protestant University
of the United States, at Cincinnati, Ohio, praying
that that institution may be endowed by a grant
of public land; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of
Dubuque, Iowa, praying that a grant of land be
made to aid in the constructionof a railroad from
some point on the Missouri river, westwardly,
in the direction of the South Pass in the Rocky
Mountains, with a branch in the.direction of
Oregon and Washington Territories; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of William
C. Pease, a captain in the United States revenue
service, praying to be reimbursed an amount of
public money lost by him while on deposit in
bank, and which he has been obliged fb pay out
of his private funds; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
' Mr.SEWARD. IpresentthepetitionofNancy*
Hammond, who is a widow woman residing in
the county of Fairfax, State of Virginia; whose
father, in the year 1775, raised a company of men,
proceeded to Bennington, and was engaged in that
battle, and continued in tl>e service until he was
honorably discharged. From the records of the
country, it appears that he received for his patri-
otism and services, in the whole, the sum of &3
18s. 3d. She is poor, and asks that Congress will
award something to her as a means of subsistence,
which may benefit her for the very short remain-
der of her days, and she shows that there is no
collision with any other interest. I move that the
petition be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered. That the petition of the legal representatives of
George Mayo, deceased, on the files of the Senate, be re-
fened to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordcied, That the petition and papers ofG. W. Bluford,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee oa
Claims.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That Hope S. Ne'wbold have leave to withdraw
her petition and papers.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY NEXT.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
NOTICE OP a. BILL
Air. YULEE gave notice of his intention to asks
leave to introduce a bill ceding to the several States
lands owned by the United States within their
respective limits.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 7G)
to incorporate Gonzaga College, in the city of
Washing ton. and District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on th<  District of Columbia.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 77)
lo amend an act entitled " An act to limit the lia-
bilities of ship-owners, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1851; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
80) for the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Olivier Landry, of the State of Louis-
iana; which was read twice fry its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
FLORIDA VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested tofur-
nieh to the Senate estimates for appropriations to pay ^ueh
part of the volunteer force opeiating in Floiida, duung lite
past year, as may remain unpaid for the want of appiopn-
auons applicable to the purpose, including in such e^unrues
all the companies that have been musteiccl or recognized by
the order of th*  pjesldent
