2464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 28.
the v/hole sum, and require the superintendent to
complete the building with it, than to come near
that whole sum, and then have to give a subse-
quent appropriation, with a knowledge that you
must increase his estimate if you destroy his or-
ganization.
Mr. HUNTER. "VVe have had to meet that
argument in other public buildings, and we shall
have to meet it in any reduction proposed in navy-
yards. It is essential that we should reducewhere
ever we can. In times like these we must go on
slowly. If we had the money, I have no doubt
it would be better to go on with many of the pub-
lic works more rapidly than we propose to do in
the appropriation bills; but looking to our condi-
tion, the committee felt it was due to the state of
the Treasury that wherever we could, wc should
carry on these works more slowly. I believe
$750,000 is appropriating more liberally, in pro-
portion to the whole sum that is wanting, than
we appropriate for various other works that are
in progress.
Mr. iVERSON. I shall vote against this prop-
osition to increase the appropriation; but I think
I shall follow out the suggestion of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance,and move to stiike
out $750,000 and insert §500,000. I have no doubt
it will require the amount estimated by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi to complete the Capitol.
Mr. DAVIS. It requires that amount to com-
plete it now; but if the supeiintendent does not
get it now, he will require more hereafter.
Mr. IVKItSON. 1 do not understand that rea-
soning. It does not satisfy me that becatisc it
requires #1,185,000 now, it will require more if you
do not appropriate that money now. The Senator
from Mississippi says the expenditures are about
one hundred thousand dollars a month. Well,
sir, you can very easily reduce that §100,000 a
montii, without any harm whatever to the build-
ing, by simply discharging a portion of the oper-
atives. The expenditure is simply the amount
you pay to your operatives, to your employes.
If you pay $100,000 a month to them, by reducing
them one half, you will only have to pay $50,000,
and it will merely run the expenditure over a
larger space of time—that is all.
Mr. DAVIS. I will tell the Senator why I think
it will require more money if the whole appropri-
ation be not now made. The officer must keep
the same numberof principal wotkmen, the same
number of overseers, draughtsmen, and superin-
tendents,, that he would have with a larger body
of opeiatives. The expensive part of the person-
nel must bo kept up with the snmller organization.
Consequently it will cost more money; because,
when he disbands his men and brings them back
again, he must expect to pay for bringing them
back.
Mr. IVERSON. I appiebrnd that all the mod-
els and drawings have alieudy been made. Cer-
tainly at this stage of the proceedings new models
and new drawings are not to be exhibited. They
must have ail been a*ieed upon and furnished
long .since. There is no necessity, then, for em-
ploying artists for that purpose. All that has
been done already, every room in the building, has
been phumed; the execution of the whole of it
has been planned, and the whole of it entered
upon; it is all understood, and does not require
the employment of those artists, it seems to me,
to carry it on.
1 think it eminently proper, in the present con-
dition of the public finances, that the appropria-
tions should be limned; and wc ought to com-
mence here on the Capitol, which is intended for
our convenience. That is the proper pf-nee to stop
expenditures and lessen them. The Committee
of Ways and Means in the House of Represent-
atives, instead of appropriating money to go on
with the fortifications and necessary defenses of
the country, have only proposed to appropriate a
sufficient amount to keep them m repair, to keep
them in a condition of not wasting or going to de-
cay. Many fortifications of essential interest and
benefit to the count!y are to be left in tins condi-
tion. The one which is the key to the Gulf of
Mexico, the one which is more important, per-
haps, than all the others put together to the south-
ern country, especially to those States lying on
the Gulf of Mexico, is to be left in this condition.
The fortifications on Tortugas are to be left in this
condition, for the express reason that there is not
enough money in the Treasury to go on with these |
works. So in my own State; $200,000 was ap-I
propriated at the last Congress to erect a naval :
depot on Blythe Island, near Brunswick, Georgia.
The Secretary of the Navy, in response to a call
made by a resolution of mine, states that the site
has been purchased, but that no other proceed-
ings will be carried on in relation to that work,
because the Administration have determined not
to commence any new work.
If we are not to apply money already appro-
priated ifl the commencement of anew work which
is considered important to my section and to other
sections, I think we ought not to expend so much
money on the Capitol of the United States. Let
us appropriate $500,000 this year. Let the su- ;
perinrendent dismiss a portion of his employes, 1
and keep the rest in reserve for the next year.
We shall meet here in December; an appropria- !
tion bill can be passed immediately, ifthis appro-
priation should be exhausted in the mean time;
and wo can then appropriate a sufficient amount
to go on with the work to a conclusion. I think
it is better, in the condition of the Treasury, that
we should spread those expenditures overas great
a space of time as possible, so that the work be
not delayed or injured by neglect. I am in favor of
the least amount ofexpendituie, and I shall move
to strike out the $750,000 reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance, and insert $500,000, which I
thmk will be amply sufficient to keep the super-
intendent and all the necessary workmen engaged
there the present vear.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi to the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 27; as follows:
YEAH—Mc^r^. Hell, Uught, Dioderiek, Clay, Cutten-
den, D.ivi-, Dou^ia-, Filch, Font, Foster, Jone*, Kennedy,
Pearee, Rice,Sebastian, tfewaid. Simmon??, Stuart,Thomp-
son oi'Kentueky, Thomson of New Jeisey, Toombs, Wil-
son. and Yulre —*23.
NAYS — Mes-rs. Allen, Brown. Chandler, Clingnmn,
Oollamer, Duikee, Fe^enden, Fnzpairick. Gieen, Gwm,
Hammond, Jlailan, Hayne, Houston, Hunter,!verhon, John-
son of Aikaii--n- , Johnson of Tennef^ee, Mallory, Ma<-r>n,
Polk, Pugli, ReidjSlidell.Trumbull,'Wade,and Wright—*27.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I now offer the other branch as
a proviso to the amendment of the committee. I
propose to strikeout the following proviso of the
committee's amendment:
" Prorirfeil, Thar tin appropiiation shall not he expended,
in whole ot in p.n t, upon the embellishment or decoration of
theCapilol extension, eiihei by pointing or s-enlpture m the
panel' or ni<*hos ot the Senate or lloti^e, unless, (he de^tmw
lor -uch emliftlhs-hnientand decora'ion shall have been first
Mihmitted to, and approved by, the J omt Committee on the
Library of Congte^."
And insert in heu thereof :
To enable the Lilnaiy Committee to contract with <fis-
tmjjuMied im IimojkmI p(ununsr> and .--culptine, 'or
the panel* and niches ot the le«i«l.\hve Halls and of the
great i-tanwaysoi tie; Capitol extension, .ftvOJiOU. tn addi-
tion to tin; hmds already in their hand-; lor that puipo&e.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask a division on striking
out and inserting. 1 want to strike out the pro-
viso, but not to insert the substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say to the Senator 0om New York that the mo-
tion to strike out and insert is not divisible.
Mi'. HUNTEIt. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi that perhaps he could ac-
complish hisohjYctin another way. If he dislikes
the proviso, 1 have no objection to its being
stricken out. I do not think u accomplishes much,
one way or the other. It was merely supposed it
might, perhaps, make the appropriation more ac-
ceptable to the House of Representatives. I am
willing for that to be stricken out, but 1 am un-
willing to vote $50,000 for artists. I think that
oui;ht to be postponed. If he chooses to move to
stiike out, he can move that, and then move to
insert the additional appropriation, and he can
thus m elfec.t divide the proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have no anxiety about the ap-
propriation. The Committee on the Library can
go into the question at once. I doubt very much
whether they would expend a dollar of the money
for a year or two, if it was appropriated now. j
Mr. PEARCE. I will say that I think the pro-
viso entirely unnecessary. Iam satisfied that the
Library Committee really have no authority to
expend any money for the purpose of statues and
paintings in the niches and panels. The appro-
priation is designed for the continuation of the
building of the structure; and although the pro-
viso is that none of the appropriation shall be ex-
pended for the purposes 1 have just mentioned,
except by the approbation of the Library Com-
mittee, the language would seem to imply that,
with their approbation, it might be so expended.
I am certain if it were left to the Library Com-
mittee, they would not now expend a dollar of it
in that way. They want the building completed
first. All this ornamentation is surplusage; it can
be better done afterwards than now. 1 think it is
as well to get rid of the proviso. I do not see any
necessity for it.
Mr. DAVIS. Let the question be taken on
striking out the proviso. I propose, first, to strike
out the proviso of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator to move that as a division of his
motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is stated in
that form; but it is a separate proposition.
Mr, COLLAMER. I desire to inquire whether
the Senator from Mississippi expects to strike
out this proviso with a view to inserting any-
thing ?
Mr. DAVIS. I accepted the suggestion of the
Senator from New York, to divide the question.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Chair decided that it
could not be divided.
Mr. DAVIS. Let the question be divided, so
as to strike out.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then you must modify
your motion in that way.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairun-
derstood the Senator from Mississippi to modify
his motion, so as to confine it to striking out the
proviso of the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
The motion to strike out was agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes twenty-five, noes not
counted.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the following clause:
" For the purchase of fifty copies of the Diplomatic Cor-
respondence of the United States fiom 1776 to 1783, in six
vo uines, at five dollars per volume, to supply such States
and Temtories as have not been furnished with them, and
sneh ot our missions abroad as have uot been heretofore fur-
lushed^ thn sum of $1,500."
Mr. HUNTER. The request of the Depart-
ment was, that they should purchase five hundred
copies. That would have amounted to a much
larger sum. The House of Representatives, in-
stead of five hundred, put in fifty. Mr. Rives,
who has the stereotyped plates, says he would not
furnish such a small number as that, he would
lose by it, and to justify him in undertaking the
task, it would be necessary to take more copies.
The committee concluded that, for the present,
it was best to strike out the whole proposition.
Theie is no pressing necessity for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the first section:
Fui defraying the expenses of a certain party of Omaha
Indians who vi&ited the city of Washington during the
months of Februaiy and Maich, 1853, to be expended under
the dncchon ol the Secretary of the Interior—being the
balance ot a former appropriation, which was earned to til©
suiplua fund on the 3wh June, IS,>7—$335.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
For payment to the Seciernry of the Senate of the sums
paid In l.im to the lepresentativcs of Senators Bell, Butler,
and under the le^ohiuon of the Senate of the 10th of
March, 1^58, directum the payment of the same, out of tho
contingent fund of the Senate, to the representatives of the
said Suu.itois Respectively, &y,.~>89 04.
The amendment was agreed to
The next amendment of the committee was:
Foi continuing the extension ^ the Treasury building,
$500,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Before that question is taken
I wish to give some explanation. There are here
a whole series of amendments, which relate to the
extension of the Treasury building and eertaiii
