1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
make the discrimination; and if wc are satisfied
that this bill is for a present and meritorious char-
ity, can we refu.se it because of our apprehensions
of the evils that may grow out of the precedent?
May we not trust our own discretion or the dis-
cretion of those who are to succeed us to do good
without allowing it to become afterwards a prece-
dent for evil ?
The bill is not to give the Indians three hun-
dred and twenty acres of land. If it was, would
it be any great matter ? We purchased all these
lands from them for a mere trifle in most instances.
What is the object for which this little concession
is asked? TheQ,uakers, or the Society of Friends,
as they call themselves, have undertaken, with
that benevolence which characterizes the whole
of that body of respectable and benevolent men,
to engage in the civilization and instruction of
the Indians. This land they ask not for any pri-
vate or personal emolument, but as necessary to
maintain that school and those teachings by which
they are endeavoring to lead that race from a sav-
age to a civilized condition. That is the reason
why they ask it. They propose to pay for it;
and it is rendered by the bill indlienable by them
without the consent of Congress; showing that
they sincerely and earnestly and faithfully intend
to apply this land to the very purpose which is
expressed—to assist in teaching the Indian the
ways of a civilized man; to teach him how to work
an# to teach him how to read. These arc the first
greatelements in the progress of mankind. These
they are endeavoring to teach him.
The question i?, whether you will enable the
teachers by this little grant to prosecute success-
fully, or with convenience, their labors—will you
give three hundred and twenty acres of land for
the purpose of enabling such teachers as these are
to make the Indians betterand wiser and less dan-
ferous to you, less dangerous on your frontier?
t is the best mode of obtaining settled peace. It
is performing, on our part, an act of duty, an act
of that high guardianship which rests upon us
toward this race, going so fast to ruin and de-
struction. I will give this land cheerfully for such
a. purpose, secured as it is, to it, and I will not fear
the consequences. If hereafter it be permitted to
be run out into evil consequences, let the responsi-
bility be upon those who permit them. The best
way in this life always, it seems to me, in small
and great matters, is to look at the duty which is
immediately before us, look at the duty which is
at hand close by, and if you go on so through
life, there is not likely much injury to follow.
Those who, for mere purposes of justice and,be-
nevolence, now grant this little tract of land, are
not the men most likely hereafter to squander the
publicTreasury with speculative or visionary pro-
jects, or for the purpose of establishing religion
in one place or another. Do the duty which is
just at hand and just before us. Peiform that
and so go on. This seems to me to be one of the
duties which lies before us, and is just at hand. I
will vote for this bill.
Mr. CLAY. This bill was postponed the other
day I believe on my motion. I then stated that
it was my purpose to look into it. I had not had
an opportunity of doing so, and indeed did not
know that such a bill was pending at all. I did
not suppose it would be called up on any other
than private bill day, and hence I have not ex-
amined it. I hope it will go over until I can look
into it. I have no desire to oppose it if I see that
it is right. I would ask what committee has re-
ported the bill ?
Mr. STUART. I will say to the Senator that
it was reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, at the last Congress, by the Senator from
Ohio, who is a member of that committee. The
report, which is of considerable length, has been
read this morning, and it shows that the propo-
sition meets the favor of the Interior Department,
and has been very carefully considered by the
committee. Before the Senator came in I had
explained it very fully. I do not think that the
Senator, on looking into it, will find any real ob-
jection to the bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN". I think the bill had better
lie over. I am entirely unacquainted with its de-
tails. I have just learned from the Senator on
my right [Mr.'Clay] the general object of it; and
I think it at least pertains equally as much to the
Indian Committee as to the Committee on Public
Lands, and piobably more so. It interferes with
the general policy which the Government is pur-
suing toward the Indians, a matter peculiarly ap-
propriate to be examined into by the Committee
on Indian Affairs. I shall not move the reference
of the bill to that committee; but I ask that it
may lie over, in order that the members of that
committee may at least look to the provisions of
the bill, and to the policy indicated in it. I hope,
therefore, the motion to postpone will prevail.
Mr. STUART. I have no desire to press this
subject on the consideration of the Senate with-
out proper examination; but I trust that the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, who has last spoken, and
the Senator from Alabama will take an early occa-
sion to look into this report; and, as I said be-
fore, I think if they do so, it will meet the appro-
bation of their judgment. I shall be very glad to
have it passed at an early day, because the mat-
ter is of importance to the parties; but I will not
press it further at this time.
The bill was postponed until to-morrow.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The hour fixed for the consideration of the
special orders having arrived, the President pro
tempore announced the first question to be on the
unfinished business of yesterday, the bill (S. No.
161) for the admission of the State of Kansas into
the Union, which had been returned from the
House of Representatives, with an amendment.
The amendment of the House struck out all
after the enacting clause, and inserted a substi-
tute, which the Clerk proceeded to read.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 do not know that it is ric-
cessary that the amendment should be read. I
think the reading may be dispensed with. It has
been printed.
Mr. GREEN. I should like to hear it read
to know whether it is printed correctly or not.
[" Proceed with the reading."]
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
That the State of Kansas lie, arid is hereby, admitted into
the Union on an equal tooting with the oiigiual States in all
respects whatevei; Imt, inasmuch as it is sieatly disputed
wheihei the constitution framed nt Leeompton on the 7th
day of November last, and now pending before Congress,
was tairly made, or expressed the will of the people of
Kansas, this admission of her into the Union a-* a State is
here declared to he upon tins fundamental condition piece-
dent. namely: that the said constitutional monument shall
be first submitted to a vote of the people of Kansas, and as-
sented to by them, or a majority of the voters, at an election
to be held for the purpose ; and as soon as such assent shall
be given, and duly made known, by a maiority ot the com-
missioners heiein appointed, to the President of the United
States, he shall announce the same by proclamation; and
thereafter, and without any luither proceedings on the part
ot Congress, the admission of said State of Kansas into the
Union upon an equal footing with the original States, mall
respects whatever, shall he complete and absolute. Althe
saul election the voting shall he by ballot, and by indorsing
on his ballot, as each voter may please, " for the constitu-
tion," or " agamst the constitution." Should the said con-
stitution be lejected at the -.aid election by a majority of
votes being cast against it, then, and in that event, the in-
habitants of said Territory are hereby authorized and em-
powered to form for themselves a constitution and State
government by the name of the State of Kansas, accotdmg
to the Fcdotal Constitution, and to that end m ly elect dele-
gates to a convention as hereinafter provided.
Sko. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said State of
Kansas shall have concurrent jun&diction on the Missouri
and all oilier riveis and waters bordeungon the said State
of Kansas, so tar as the same shall form a common boimd-
aiy to said State and any other State or States now or here-
after to be formed oi bounded by the same; and said avers
and waters, and all the navigable wateis of said State, shall
be common highways and (oievei free, as well to the inhab-
itants ot said State as to all other citizens of the United
States, without any taw duty, impost, or toll thoiefor.
Sue. 3. And be it Juithcr enacted ^ That, for the purpose
of insuring, as fat as possible, that the elections authorized
by tins act may be fair and ircc. the Governor and Secietary
of the Terriioiy of Kansas, and the presiding officers of the
two branches of its Legislature, namely, the President of the
Council and Speakerof the House ot Representatives, are
hereby constituted a bonul of commis-'ion'Hs to carry into
effect the piovisioris of this act, and to use all the means
necessary and pmper to that end. And three of them shall
constitute a boaid; and the board shall have power and au-
thoutv, in respect ro each and all of the elections hereby
authorized or piovided for, to designate and establish pre-
cincts for voting, oi to adopt those already established ; to
cause polls to be opened at such places a-* it may deem
proper m the respective counties and election precincts of
said Territory; to appoint, as judges of election, at each of
the several places ot voting, tlnee diserect and respectable
persons, any two of whom shall be competent to act; to
requite the sheriffs of the several counties, by themselves or
deputies, to attend the judges at each of the places of voting,
for the purpose of preserving peace and good ordei; or the
said boaid may. instead of said slienfls and their deputies,
appoint, at thru* discretion, and in such instances as they
may choose, other fit persons for the same puipose; and
when the purpo-e of the election is to elect delegates to a
convention to tottn a constitution, as hereinbefore piovided
for, the number of delegates shall be sixty, and they shall
be apportioned by said board among the several counties of
said Territory, according to the number of voters; and in
making this apportionment, the board may join two or more
counties together to make an election or i epresentative dis-
trict, wheie neither of the said counties has the requisite
number of voters to entitle it to a delegate, or to join a
smaller to a larger county, having a surplus population,
where it mayseive to equalize the representation. The
elections hereby authorized shall continue one day only,
and shall not be continued later than sundown on that day.
The said board shall appoint the day of election for each
of the elections hereby authorized, as the same may become
necessary. The said Governor shall announce, by procla-
mation, the day appointed for any one of said elections, and
the day shall be as early a one as is consistent with due no-
tice thereof to the people of said Territory, subject to the
provisions of this act. The said board shall have full power
to prescribe the time, manner, and places of each of said
elections, and to duect the time and manner of the returns
thereof, which returns shall be made to the said board, whose
duty it shall be to announce the result by ptoclamatmn, and
to appoint therein as early a day as practicable for the del-
egates elected (where the election has been for delegates)
to assemble in convention at the seat of government of said
Tetritory. When so assembled, the convention shall first
determine, by a vote, whether it is the wish of the proposed
State to be admitted into the Union atthat time; and, if so,
shall proceed to foim a constitution and take all necessary
steps for the establishment of a State government, in con-
fonmty with the Federal Constitution, subject to the ap-
proval and ratification of the people of the proposed State.
And the said convention shall accordingly provide for its
submission to the vote of the people for approval or rejec-
tion ; and if the majority of votes shall be given for the con-
stitution so framed as aforesaid, the Governor of the Terri-
toiy shall, within twenty days after the result is known,
notify the President of the United States of the same. And
thereupon the President &hall announce the same by pioc-
lamation, and thereafter, and without any further proceed-
ings whatever on the part of Congress, the admission of the
said State of Kansas into the Union, upon an equal looting
with the original States in all respects whatever, shall be
complete and absolute.
SiiC. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That in the elections
hereby authorized, all white male inhabitants of said Terri-
tory, over the age of twenty-one veais, who are legal voters
undor the laws of the Territory of Kansas, and none others,
s'nll be allowed to vote; and this shall be the only qualifi-
cation required to entitle the voter to the right of suffrage
m said elections. And if any person not so qualified shall
vote, or offer to vote, or if any person shall vote more than
once at either of said elections, or shall make, or cause to
be made, anv false, fictitious, or fraudulent returns, or shall
alter or change any leturns of either of said elections, such
pei>on shall, upon conviction thereof before any couif of
competent junsdiction, be kept at luud labor not less than
six months and not more than three years.
Sec. 5. And he it farther enacted, That the mtttnbeis of
the aforesaid board of commissioners, and all persons ap-
pointed by them to carry into effect the piovisions of this
act, shall, before entering upon their duties, take an oath to
perform faithfully the duties of their respective offices, and
on failure thereof, they shall be liable and subject to the
same charges and penalties as are provided in like cases
under the territorial laws.
Sec. R. And be it further enacted, That the officers men-
tioned in the preceding section shall receive for their ser-
vices the same compensation as is given for like services
under the territorial laws.
Skc. 7. And be it Jurther enacted, That the said State of
Kansas, when her admission as a State becomes complete
and absolute, shall be entitled to one member in the House
of Representatives, in the Congtess of the United States,
till the next census be taken by the Federal Government.
Sec. 8. And be it Jurther enacted, That the following
propositions be, and the same are heteby, offered to the said
people of Kansas for their free acceptance or rejection,
which, if accepted, shall be obligatory upon the United
States and upon the said State of Kansas, to wit: First,
That sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six in every
township of public lands in said State, and where either of
sa'd sections, or any part thereof, has been sold or other-
wise been disposed of, other lands, equivalent thereto, and
as contiguous as may be, shall be granted to saul State for
the use of schools. Second, That seventy-two sections of
land shall be set apart and reserved for the use and support
of a State university, to be selected by the Governor of saul
State, subject to the approval of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and to be appiopriated and applied in
such manner as the Legislature of said State may prescribe
for the purpose aforesaid, but forno other purpose. Third,
That ten entire sections of land, to be seleeted by the Gov-
ernor of said State, m legal subdivisions*, shall bo granted to
said State for the purpose of completing the public build-
ings, or for the election of others at the seat of government,
under the direction of the Legislature thereof. Fourth,
That al! salt spnngs within saul State, not exceeding twelve
in number, with six sections of land adjoining, or as con-
tiguous as may be to each, shall be gianted to said State for
its use ; the same to be selected by the Governor theieof
within one year after the admission of said State, and when
so selected, to be used or deposed of on such terms, con-
ditions, and regulations, as the Legislating shall direct:
Provided, That no salt spring or land, the light whereof is
now vested in any individual or individuals, or which may
be hereafter confirmed or adjudged to any individual or
individual:, shall by this article be granted to said State.
Fifth, That five per centum of the net proceeds of sales of
all public lands lyingwuhm said State, which shall be sold
by Congress after the admission of said State intothe Union,
after deducting all the expenses incident to the same, shall
be paid to said State for the purpose of making public roads
and internal impiovemcnts, a> the Legislature thall direct:
Provided, The foregoing piopositions hereinbefore offered,
are on the condition that the people nf Kansas shail piovsde,
bv an oirtinance, irievoeab!e without the consent of the
United States, that said State shall never inteifere with the
piimary disposal of the soil within the same, by the, United
States, or with any regulations Congiess may find neces-
sary for secuung the title in said soil to bona fide purchasers
