402
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May.24,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gilmer.
Ho. of Reps.
woman unworthy of common sense, and guilty
offits." [Laughter.]
My colleague waited from the 30th of March
to the 20th of April to reply to me, and in com-
mencing his remarks he made an apology that he
could not sooner get th# floor. I conceive there
was no extraordinary anxiety on the part of my
colleague to reply, or he could have done so time
and again before the day he spoke. My excel-
lent friend from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] a por-
tion of my speech being a reply to his report on
the question of population in the Territory of
Kansas, remained and very easily got an oppor-
tunity to reply to what I had said in relation to
his report. He remained and made an argument
which I think,as things nowstand, he will hardly
stand up to. He undertook to insist before this
House and the country, that there was no doubt
but that in Kansas there was a requisite popula-
tion to entitle her to admission as a State into the
Union. Nobody on the other side insists on that
now, nor indeed on either side of the House. Be-
fore, it was contended that Kansas had a sufficient
population for a State; but the English confer-
ence bill admits indirectly, butsubstantially, that
there is not half population enough. And, sir, I
would not have felt myself justified in giving the
vote I did for the compromise bill, well knowing
the want of population, were it not for the extraor-
dinary circumstances that surrounded this ex-
traordinary case, and the importance of getting
rid of this national excitement.
My colleague charges mo with having denounced
the Green amendment, and then of having voted
for it. Ho improperly charges that I maintained
the same doctrine in the North Carolina Senate in
voting for Governor Graham's bill; and yet he
comes forward and himself defends the views of
the Executive on that very subject which this
Green amendment was intended to cover and
sanction. How much verity is there in lus charge
when wc come to examine it ? Did my colleague
ever vote to strike out the Green amendment ? Is
that true? It is not. true. Did the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. CUiitman] move to strike out
the Green amendment? He never did.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. When the bill
came from the Senate, Uencral Quitman moved
to strike out the Green amendment; and those of
us who believed with him voted for it.
Mr. GILMER. I will show that lie did not
do it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Do it.
Mr. GILMKR. If his amendment had been
drawn out m writing, as it ought to have been,
nothing about the Green amendment would be in
it. Why did he not move to strike the Green
amendment from the Senate bill? Why did lie
move a substitute ? If there was a purpose, bona
jidc, to get rid of the Green amendment, why was
not a motion made to stiikeitfrom the Senate
bill belore the vote was taken on the Crittenden-
Montgomery amendment? Did ho not know that
the Green amendment would have been voted mil,
had he offered simply to strike it from .the Senate
bill ? Every A mencan would have voted to strike
it out. Most of the Opposition members would
have voted to strike it out. Would it not have
gone out, then, if the motion had been properly
made? Why not, then, do the thing in a plain,
simple manner, so easily done, and which would
have brought the House to a direct vote on the
Green amendment, and not at the same time
against the Crittenden bill? I respectfully express
my suspicion that it was done in the way m which
it was, that certain gentlemen might indirectly
get their vote seemingly against the amendment,
when they knew that the motion could not be
carried; or, it may be, because they knew that
if that Green amendment went out, there were
certain Free-Soil men from the North who would
desert their ranks. I allude to the northern gen-
tlemen who refused to vote for the Quitman
amendment. In fact, and m plain English, the
motion was so made, and the vote so taken, as to
atTord a mere showing, as I suspect—one in be-
half of the southern wing, that they were opposed
to the Green amendment; and for the noithern
Free-Soil wing, that they were for it. There is
much common sense in this country. The people
in due time will understand all this fully. Why
make such an extraordinary motion, and then
turn round and say that it was moved to strike
out the Green amendment? My friends will see
that if it had been moved to strike the Green
amendment from the Senate bill before the vote
was taken between the Senate bi 11 and the Critten-
den-Montgomery amendment, the motion would
have prevailed, and it would have made the Sen-
ate bill more acceptable.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will the gen-
tleman tell me the difference between moving to
substitute a bill without the particular section to
which he refers, and moving to strike that sec-
tion out?
Mr. GILMERt If the question had been pre-
sented in the latter shape it would have received,
a majority of the votes of this House; but pre-
sented as it was it could not have received such j
a majority, because all who were called on to
vote for the Quitman amendment, were, in the
form presented, compelled to vote at the same
time against the whole of their bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Why not, if the
effect was the same?
Mr. GILMER. For this reason (the plainest
possible) that it was well understood that certain
nothern gentlemen were supporting the Senate
bill because it sustained the doctrine of the
Green amendment, who would not vote for it if
that was not there, and therefore they did not
want the Green amendment out; for if it were
out they would lose friends even for the Senate
bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The amend-
ment pending to the Senate bill was the Critten-
den-Montgomery amendment. The Senate bill
contained the Green amendment. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi was the
Senate bill without the Green amendment, offered
as an amendment to the Crittenden-Montgomery
amendment. Had the proposition of the gentle-
man fiom Mississippi been accepted at the time,
it would have superseded the Crittenden-Mont-
gomery amendment, and left us to choose be-
tween the Senate bill with the Green amendment
and the Senate bill without the Green amendment.
The cffect of it was never " to say turkey" tons
once upon the Crittenden-Montgomery amend-
ment.
Mr. GILMER. Yes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I desire to say
that the reason assigned by the gentleman from
North Carolina for not voting for the amendment
of the gentleman from Mississippi, is quite differ-
ent from that given by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. Yet both of those gentlemen vote alike,
both voting against the proposition of the gentle-
man from iVJ ississippi, [Mr. Quitman.] One says
that if it had been simply to strike out, the Green
amendment he would have voted for it.
All-. GILMEll. I did say that exactly.
Mr. DAVIo, of Mississippi. The gentleman
from Kentucky said he would not have voted for
it in the form in which it was presented by the
gentleman from Mississippi, while the gentleman
from North Carolina says he would, and his party
would; yet the gentleman from Kentucky is one
of his party.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman fiom Mississippi will do me the justice to
say that the reason why I would not have voted
for the proposition of the gentleman from Mis-
sisippi was, that the effect of that proposition
would have been to kill that very amendment of
which I was in favor; and we could not have got
a vote upon it all.
Mr. G1LMEI1. If the Quitman amendment
had been simply to strike from the Senate bill the
Green amendment, 1, together with a largo ma-
jority of the House, would have voted to strike
it out. This was the fair, regular way to do it.
Then the next vote would have been a fair and
plain one, to wit: the Senate bill without the
Green amendment on one side, and the Critten-
den bill on the other. The Quitman amendment
seemed to be the result of study, and seemingly
offered with a purpose to embarrass us; evidently
it was offered in such double and duplicated man-
ner, that, under the rules of the House, those
of us who would vote with conservative gentle-
men against the Green amendment, would have
to vote tit the same time against the whole Ciit-
tenden bill, which we most approved. In shoit,
the Quitman amendment said to me, " you shall
not vote against, the Green amendment, without
voting at the same time against the Crittenden
bill." I repeat, had the motion been made to
strike out the Green amendment from the Senate
bill, it would have gone out; then the next choice
would have been the Senate bill with the Green
amendment out, or the Crittenden-Montgomery
bill. Does the gentleman deny that?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. You would have
had your choice. But, would you have voted
for the Senate bill, with the Green amendment
stricken out?
Mr. GILMER. My colleague [Mr. SiiawJ
reads from the Lecompton constitution to show
that it prescribes a proper qualification for voters,
and then m,that connection speaks of the Minne-
ola constitution, notice of which appeared in the
papers long after my specch was made. Was
that treating my views fairly? What had the
Minncola constitution, irregularly formed and
void, to do, then, with the subject under discus-
sion? But I suppose my colleague intended by
that sort of statement to have it go abroad that
the Crittenden-Montgomery bill did not provide
exactly the same safeguards as to the qualifica-
tion of voters. I can see no other purpose. An
examination of the two bills will expose this
injustice.
He says further, erroneously, that I took the
ground that the people of Kansas would vote
down the Lecompton constitution; and that when
they came to make a new constitution, they
would have the power to seize and take away
frjm the United States eighty million acres of
the public lands. And lie read as follows;
;; :^i-;c.Jind he it further enacted, Tbat the State of
Kansas is admitted into the (Jniou upon the expiess condi-
tion lliati-.iid Mlalc ^hall nevn inteifere with the pumary
disposal of the public lan<N, oi with any iemulations which
Con^re^ may linti ilccc^arv loi seeming the title in sanl
land* to the bona jidc puielKwo! and tfiantee thereof, or mi-
po-u oi levy any lav, -. or imposition of any do-
^-iiplion whatever, upon them or other propeity of the
United States within the limit* ot said State."
And then he says I voted against this just and
necessary measure of security. Is that true?
Did not the Crittenden-Montgomery bill have pre-
cisely the same safeguards? and when I voted for
one bill in preference to another, both having the
same provision in this respect, did I vote against
these necessary safeguaids? This is another
among the many attempts made by my colleague
to do me injustice in my absence.
But what did my colleague do? What pro-
vision is there for the protection of the right of
the United States in the public lands in the bill
admitting Minnesota? Minnesota has also the
same millions of acres of public lands in her lim-
its, of more value, too. Is there any provision in
that bill which secures the United Suites in her
public lands in Minnesota, such as there is in the
Crittenden-Montgomery bill, or even in the Sen-
ate bill? Not one word. I will attach a copy of
this bill to my speech It is a bill simply admit-
ting Minnesota as a State into the Union, and not
a single word is contained in it about reserving
the right of the United States to the public domain
m the Territory of Minnesota. My colleague
voted for that bill—I voted against it.
Nosv, I wish to show to the committee what a
distinguished gentleman from the State of my
friend [Mr. Davis, of Mississippi] says as to the
effect of admitting a new State, without in the bill
admitting the State, providing for the security of
the Government's title to the public lands. I refer
to the Hon. Jefferson Davis. In a recent letter
to his constituents he uses this language:
" The oonsequcnees of admitting a Stato without a recog-
nition piecedent of the lights of the United States to the
public iloiiMin, me, in my opinion, the tranMor of the use-
ful, with the eminent domain, to the people of the State
thus admitted without reseivanon."
If this view, entertained by th<* Senator from
Mississippi, be true, then our friends who voted
for the bill admitting Minnesota without this pro-
vision, which my colleague from North Carolina
conceives to be so important to preserve our in-
tercstin the pubhclands, have done the very same
thing which he undertakes, as I think unjustly
and unfairly, to charge me with.
But that is not all, Mr. Chairman. I voted
against the Minnesota bill for this reason, among
