1858.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4ti3
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gilmer.
Ho. of Reps*
others, that it contained this extraordinary pro-
vision, to wit:
Sec. 1. Every male person of the age of twenty-one
years or upwards, belonging to either of the following
classes, who shall have resided in the United States one
year, and in this State for four months next preceding any
election, shall be entitled to vote at such election, in the
election district of which ho shall at the time have been for
ten days a resident, for all officers that now are, or hereafter
may be, elective by the people :
" 1. White citizens of the United States.
"2. White persons of foreign birth, who shall have de-
clared their intentions to become citizens, conformably to
the laws of the United States upon the subject of naturali-
zation.
" '3. Persons of mixed white and Indian blood, who have
adopted the customs and habits of civilization.
"4. Persons of Indian blood residing in this State, who
have adopted the language, customs, and habits of civili-
zation, after an examination bcfoie any district couit of the
State in such manner as may be provided bylaw, and shall
have been pronounced by said court capable of enjoying the
rights of citizenship withm the State."
My colleague may account to his constituents
for his vote in favor of this constitutional provi-
sion.
My colleague not only voted for this, but, ac-
cording to his own doctrinc, voted for a bill the
provisions of which give up millions of the pub-
lic lands.
My colleague draws a picture, and gives his
statement as to how northern people got to Kan-
sas. He says nothing about how or for what
our southern friends also went there. As to this
I had said nothing. It was not my purpose to
justify scuffling to get people into Kansas un-
naturally and prematurely by either. My pur-
pose hero and elsewhere has been to do all in my
power to allay excitement on the inflammable
subject of slavery, and induce the country, in oil
sections, to leave this whole question to the re-
sult of the usual and natural immigration, and
the citizens of the United States—those actually
settled in the Territory—fanly and peaceably to
decide this question at the proper time and in the
proper way.
My colleague says that I based my opposition
to the admission of Kansas, under the Lccomp-
ton constitution, " in other words, to her admission
as a slave State," upon three points, and so forth.
Based my opposition to the admission of Kaiisas, under
the Lecompton constitution, " rx other, words, to
her admission as a slave state !" now, I ask
any candid man to recur to all that I said upon
that occasion, to read my speech, and then an-
swer for himself what is the fair dealing of one
who, in a reply to it, would say that ? Did I not
avow that, so far as I was concerned, I was well
pleased with the Lecompton constitution, in sub-
stance; that I would be pleased to have Kansas
as a slave State, should the people of Kansas be
satisfied with it; arid that I would be satisfied if
we could acquire Kansas as a slave State prop-
erly, fairly, and peaceably?
Mr. Chairman, the object and design of this 1
cannot but say (and I do so in all becoming re-
spect) is illustrated by the fable of the boy who
tried to conceal the fish, which he had acquired !
by stealth, under his waistcoat, but staid in m.-r- ;
ket, the tail sticking out below. [Laughter.] He
says there was nothing in the Green amendment,
but that he regretted to see it in the bill. He
quotes it in his speech; he defends, as I under-
stand him, the position taken on that subject by
the Executive in his special message; he professes
to take ground for the Executive against me; and
upon that I am ready to go with him before the
people of North Carolina, or the people of the
South everywhere. Pray what is the doctrine in-
tended to be covered by that Green amendment?
It is that the readiest and quickest way to get sla-
very out of Kansas is to adopt the Lecompton
constitution; for that, irrespective of the checks
and limitations in the constitution, the majority
of the people can electa Legislature; and that Le-
gislature can call a convention. The convention
thus called can alter the constitution, and give at
once power to the Legislature to abolish and con-
fiscate slave property, nothing being said about
compensation to the owners who, according to
the Dred Scott decision, had gone as rightfully
into the Territory with their property as others
with other property. Is that a doctrine which is
to be defended by southern men, or that is likely
to advance the interests of the States interested
in the institution of slavery 3
As I remarked in my speech, I had supposed
that the South had gained something by the prin-
ciple settled in the Dred Scott decision, an'd that
southern men could go into the Territories with
their slave property just as northern men go with
any other kind of property. But, according to
his doctrine, as soon as the Territory becomes a
State, there is this difference between slave prop-
erty and other property, that the former is partic-
ularly liable to be abolished or confiscated. Both
wentin constitutionally and legally. Butassoonas
the Territory becomes a State, the rights in slaves
enjoyed under the United States Constitution are
gone. I was sorry to hear some of our northern
friends say that that was their construction of it,
and that it could be done without compensation
to the owners. What service is the principle set-
tled in the Dred Scott case to the South if that doc-
trine be true ? I supposed that, to carry out that
principle truly, southern men were entitled not
only to go into the Territory with this specics of
property, but that, when they came to form a State
constitution, the convention, or a subsequent Lo-
l gislature, could do no more with slave property
that had been lawfully brought into the Territory,
than they could with any other species of prop-
erty. The ri^ht to prohibit the further introduc-
tion of slaves is one thing; the right to legislate for
the gradual emancipation of the issue born after-
wards is another thing; and the right to abolish
slavery, allowing compensation to the owners, is a
third thing. All these might be reasonably con-
sistent with the principle settled in the Dred Scott
ease; but to go the fourth degree, and say that the
convention assembled to form a State constitution
can give the Legislature power to emancipate or
confiscate the slaves that had gone in there right-
fully, without compensation to Hie owners, is going
far indeed, and is entirely a different thing. If
southern men defend that, \ am willing to meet my
colleague on that issue in North Carolina or any-
where else.
My colleague tells the story of Pal McGowan.
He uses an offensive term for a very clever Irish-
man in North Carolina, whose true name is Pat-
rick McGowan,and is agentleman who was door-
keeper to the Senate of North Carolina for a num-
ber of years, a poor but, as I believe, an honest
man; a Roman Catholic; but he discharges his |
duties promptly, faithfully, and industriously. |
He was ever kind and attentive to me. I had a !
personal partiality for this little industnous man,
who had a house full of children, and not the
wherewithal to clothe and feed them easily. He
asked me to sign a recommendation to get him i
the appointment of mail agent of the Raleigh and !
Gaston railroad. I did so; he received the ap- ]
pointment, and has filled it with ability and faith- j
fulness ever since. I might say that all this took
place before we had any controversy about the
principles of the American party; but I do not
want to plead off on any such ground as that.
God forbid that there should be anything in the
piinciples of the American party to prohibit me,
or others, from lending my name or influence in
a work of that kind ! I think my colleague, if lie
had searched closely into my public acts, could
have found something that would have operated
more to my prejudice than this little aid which I
gave to one, poor and clever, but whom he con-
temptuously calls " Pat JWcGowan." All that he
can make out of that little circumstance he is wel-
come to.
But my colleague says that I have supported j
the doctrinc of alien suffrage. What does he m^an f
by that? If this charge had the least semblance j
of truth in it, it would be no fault with him. The .
Senate bill and the Crittenden bill contained sub- j
stantially the same provisions and safe guards as j
to this. _ j
My colleague goes into a long history of the j
Missouri compromise, and wands up with this j
reason for the repeal thereof, to wit: " That not th- j
em men opposed the extension of it to the Pacific." |
I would reply to this, by asking whether the same '
majority that repealed the said compromise, could ;
not, by the very same vote, and with the same !
ease, have extended it to the Pacific? ;
My colleague says he has no complaint to make :
of my votes on Kansas, but believes they are in j
direct opposition to the interests of his constitu- 1
ents and mine; and, to be the more emphatic, :
striking, and imposing, he borrows the phrase*
" unparalleled outrage" to apply to the positions
maintained by me. He turns me over to be dt-
stroyed by my constituents. After all this, who
would have believed that he, so shortly thereafter,
would have come substantially on the same plat-
form with me, and have embraced the self-same
" unparalleled outrage," and rejoiced with others
over its success as a great triumph, a great measure
of peace and quiet to the country ? Yes, sir; a
great Administration triumph, celebrated by mu-
sic and singing, speaking, banners, and the firing
of cannon. Now, sir, 1 am pained to see that,
among many politicians at the North, there is a
scuffling to have the impression created on the
country that there is not a submission of this con-
stitution to the decision of the people of Kansas.
And I discover the same thing among gentlemen
of the South, who are trying to cover up the fact
that they came down to this very platform, " un-
paralleled outrage y" to wit: that the people of Kan-
sas are substantially to have the privilege of
deciding this very great quarrel among and for
themselves. Now I want to make this point as
plain as daylight—so plain, mark you, that these
southern gentlemen who would charge me as being
inconsistent, who supported the principle of the
submission of the constitution of Kansas to the
people, must apply inconsistency to themselves.
I do it by reading the act itself; there is no get-
ting around that. It reads as follows:
(lBc it enacted, That the State of Kansas be, and is
hereby, admitted into the Union on an equal looting with the
o:i mal States m all lespeets whatever, but upon this fun-
damental condition ■prereilent, namely: that the question of
admission, with the fallowing proposition in lieu of thcouU-
nanee fiamed at Lecompton, be submitted to a vote ot the
people ot Kansas, and audited to by them or a majouty of
the voieis votum ai an election to he held for that puipose,
namely: that the loUowing propositions be, and the same
aie hereby, ofteied to the people ot' Kansas lor acceptance
j oi lejection, which, if accepted, shall be obligatory on the
! United States and upon the said State of Kansas, to wit."
Here follows what the people of Kansas are to
vote for or against.
And what is that, pray? Why, simply whether
she would accept the quantity of land which she
would get any way—the same that Minnesota re-
ceives—the same that she would get whether she
comes in under the Lecompton constitution or any
other constitution. Yet gentlemen undertake to
argue before the people of the country that it is
not submitting the constitution to the people of
Kansas. Itis true, it is indirect; but it is the same
principle, in fact, advocated by those who sup-
ported the Crittenden-Montgomery bill. They
come as near to my bill as they could, consider-
ing that we are all creatures of human pride. Why,
Mr. Chairman, you might as well have said, "you
shall not vote for Lecompton, or against Lecomp-
ton, but you may do this: all those who are for
Lecompton may throw into a hat blue beans, but
all those who are opposed to Lecompton may
throw in black beans; then, when all have thrown
in their beans, count, and if the blue beans are the
most in number, Kansas is in with Lecompton;
but if the black beans are the most numerous,
| then there is no State of Kansas, and no Lecomp-
I ton constitution."
i But it docs not stop there; the actgoes further,
i and shows what is to be done if they thus reject
j this constitution, it reads as follows:
| "At the said election the voting shall be by ballot, and by
j mdoisuisr on his ballot, as each voter may plea&e,' Fiopo-
1 smon accepted' or 4 Proposition rejected.' Should a ma-
i lontyof the votes cast be fork Proposition accepted,'the
j Pte-'ident ot the United States, a« soon as the fact is duly
; mad<* known to him, fhall announce the same by piocla-
\ matum ; .ind rheieat'ter, and without any further proceed-
i mg-s on the pait of Congie.-'s. the admission of the Htate of
; kansa:* into the trnion upon'an equal footing with the on-
; gmal States, in all le^peet*. whatever, shall be complete and
! absolute ; and said fcState shall be entitled to one member in
j the House of Representatives in the Uongrei-sof the United
! Stales until the next cenMi:- be taken by the Federal Cov-
1 eminent. But should a maionty of the votes cast be for
, £ Pioposition rejected.' it shall be deemed and held that"
the people of Kansas do not de<ne admission into the Union
! with said constitution under the conditions set forth in the
j said proposition; and m tli.xt event the people of said Ter-
: ritory aie hereby authouzed and empoweted to form for
! themselves a constitution and State government, by the
i name of the State of Kan^a-, according to the Federal Con-
stitution, and may eleel delegates tor that purpose vvhen-
! ever, a'id not before, it is a^eettained by a census duly and
| legally taken that the population of <-aid Teinrorv equals or
exceed-: the KUto 0} lepK^entatiou required for a member
1 of'the House of Repie&entative* oflhefxOngre-'softheUiH-
; ted tiidten; and \\ heutv ei theieanor such delegates shall
