THE CONCtRTCSSIOWAT, GLOBE
THE
E OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHIN^ON^^'
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MAY 29, 1858.
custom-houses and marine hospitals, which were
inserted upon estimate by the Secretary of the
Treasury. The whole amount is $1,'700,000.
These were estimated for by the Secretary of the
Treasury for the reason that most of the money
was necessary to carry out existing contracts,
Ifiade at a time when the Treasury was full, and !
in regard to some of these contracts, perhaps most '
of them, before became into office. Large con-
tracts were entered into for material. This mate-
rial will be delivered and we shall have to pay for
it, and he has only asked for so much in addition
as will be necessary to put it up as it is delivered. !
fie does not ask a cent to go beyond this—to go t
beyond what is necessary to carry out existing
contracts, and to use up the material which will
be thus furnished. Under the circumstances it
seemed to the committee to be economy, indeed
it seemed to be necessary, because if we do not
meet these contracts the contractors will come
upon us for damages. Most of the money will
be required for that purpose. There will be some
of it in addition, as I said before, for the purpose
of bi inging it here. Ifyou bringa block of carved
marble and expose it to the weather it would lose
almost its value unless put in a safe place.
The appropriation asked for being confined to
these objects, the Committee on Finance thought
it was due to public credit as well as to economy
to propose an appropriation for them. Nothing
has bren asked by the Secretary for any new
building. Nothing has been asked for by him for
any building where he could, without a violation
of the public faith, postpone the work. That be-
ing the case, we did not see what we could do but
to propose to satisfy these contracts and to make
these appropriations.
In regard to the Treasury building, I will say
that the contracts were made for the delivery of
materials very far ahead of the predecessor of the
present Secretary of the Treasury, at a time when
the Treasury was full, when it was a judicious
mode of expending money, and this stone is now
being delivered when we are not very full of funds.
The scheme is to employ hands enough to use it
as it comes, and not to stop that work, because the
delivery of the material is a very expensive thing.
Under these circumstances, it seems to be econ-
omy to appropriate what the Secretary has asked.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance if these contracts of the
Secretary, made for these great quantities, were
according to law. 1 understand the law of May !
1, 1820, is that contracts shall not be made unless i
there is an appropriation adequate to carry them
out. Had he the right to make contracts ahead ,
of the appropriations ? ;
Mr. HUNTER. Iam notable to say how that
is. I have not investigated that question. Con-
tracts have been made. I do not know how far
they were justified bylaw, how far the special
law making appropriation for these custom-houses
may have justified them. I cannot answer that
question. I do not know; but certain it is the
contracts have been made, and the material is
New Series. .. .No. 155.
sense of the Senate were taken on it as a whole 
the whole estimate for $1,700,000—but I suppose
it will be taken on these separate items first. I
will say in regard to the Senator's proposition,
however, that I shall have to ask if there is any
estimate for it from the Department, any recom-
mendation from a committee, in order to make it
in order >
Mr. SEWARD. I am not able to say that I
have.
Mr. HUNTFR. Then it is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. Iti s very important that there
should be these buildings in the city of Brooklyn,
and this is a very reasonable place'to put the pro-
vision, and the amount is a very reasonable esti-
mate.
Mr. I-IUNTER. Then it is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment is excluded by the rule of
the Senate.
Mr. POLK. I should like to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Finance one question. I see '
that the amount of §20.000 is mentioned to be ap- !
propriated to the completion of the custom-house 1
or pubhc building, not only for a custom-house, |
but other purposes, in the city of St. Louis. I !
should like to learn from the chairman if lie is sat- I
isfied that $-0,000 will effect that purpose. I was '
under the impression that it would require, per- ■
haps, $30,000. i
Mr. HUNTER. I will look to the report. |
Mr. POLK. While the Senator i« looking1 for
the paper, 1 will observe that this is the state of j
the case in reference to that building: some thirty I
thousand dollars will complete it; and when com- '
pleted, it will accommodate all the United States I
offices in the city of St. Louis. As the matter now ;
is, there is probably expended every year by the ^
United Status fur rent, a sum equal to the amount ,
that will be necessary to complete this building. ]
Mr. HUNTER,. I have found the paper. The ,
estimate is §20,000, to complete the custom-house
at St. Louis, estimated by the Secretary of the :
Treasury, and Mr. Bowman, who is in charge of j
the woik.
Mr. GREEN. I had an interview with Mr. !
Bowman myself, and he showed me his exhibit, ;
stating it at $29,GOO. !
Mr. HUN PER. Here is the document.
Air. GREEN. I cannot help his document.
Mr. HUNTER. We have not come to that,
though. When we do come to if, 1 shall have
the document road.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia desire a division of the amend-
ment51 It is all one amendment, the Chair thinks.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I do not desire a di-
vision. I am willing for Senators to question me
in regard to any one item. I think it had better
be taken as a whole. The estimate is as a whole,
and I ask that this paper be read, by way of ex-
planation .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask whether the Sen-
ator from Missouri has looked far enough ahead.
I see there is one appropriation for §20,000, to
ins: fencing and Grading §5,000; at New Haven Connec-
ticut,£60,OOU, at Oswego, New York, PJatXr*
New York,& 10,000; at Newark, New Jersey &J.OOOO* at
Norfolk, Vngimn, $30,000; at Pensaco"FloridaSbo
at fet. Louis, Missouu, $30,000 ; at Mobile, Alabama, in-
fts a"d P™."K> $30,000; at Galena, Illinois,
$10,000; at .Milwaukee, Wisconsin, $10,000; and for annual
repawn at custom house*, 015,000.
For the completion of raarino hospitals at the following
places, nnmolv : at Portland, Maine, $3,000 ; at St. Mark's
Honda, ,^0.,j0i); atNcw Oilean-;, Louisiana, including fill-
in? up site, aiailmg, introducing ea« and water pipes? and
nvtnies. and lcncin<r, >'85,000; at Cincinnati, Ohio, £50,000;
at Galena, Illinois-, §5,000; and ioi annual repairs at marine
hospitals, S-lojOUO,
For fencing, giading, paving, and furnishing the custom-
houses at the following places, namely: atEltewoith,Maine,
frlMU; at Bath, Maine, (tor furniture alone,) §1,100: at
mil hngton, V'eimont, $4.fiOO; at New Haven, Connecticut.
$S,500 ; at Oswego, Now York, ,<$7,300; at Plattehunr, New
Yotk, .#9,<J0J ; at Newaik. New Jersey, §5,200; at Alexan-
dria, Vienna. $3,700; Rt Noifolk. Viigima,,$12,000 ; at Mo-
bile, Alabama, (for fiirmtuie alone.) .«2,fi00; at Pemacola,
I- lorida, $2,500; at fit. Louis, Mi.-wum, $14.600; at Louis-
ville. Kcnturky, #3.900; at Cleveland, Ohio, §7,100; at
Galena, ilhnoi-,$3,700 ; at Milwaukee, Wisconsin,§7,700.
£oi fencing, grading, paving, and funnelling, the inanno
ho<puahat the following places namely: at Buihngton,
Vermont, $3,-100; at Chelsea, Massachusetts, (outbuild-
ings grading, and fencing,) $19,700; at St. Mailc's, Flonda.
$1,200; at Detioit, Michigan, 7,500; at Galena, Illinois.
; at Builnigfon, Iowa, ,v;4,lb0.
Mr. IIUNTER. I now send to the desk the
document to which I have alluded, and I ask that
it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Tkea'-uuy Department, May 10, 1838.
Sir : I heiewith tiansnm a communication from.the con-
st! uciuni buieau of this Department, asking for certain ap-
propriations, to be expended in the prosecution of eeitain
public bmMmgs. Tli« piineipal weie estimated for
in flit' rcpoit ol that officer, which accompanied my an-
nual report (o Congress. The icr-ons for an incieased es-
timate in Homo instances arc set loith in the accompanying
coin mumeanun.
Tin- branch of the public service has been conducted
with a pr^pet leg.ml to the existing ^tate of the Treafcuiy.
When tile woi ks ate pi ogre v. nig undei contiacts, there is ao
di>cietion with the l)epaitun*nt to limit their piogress ; but
in other ea-.es the expenditure is limited to such amounts a<?
will pi event mjuiyto the woiks in piogress from a total
su-p<m>aon of them.
1 am, fair, veiv respectfully, your obedient servant,
no well conn,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. James L. Orr,
Speaker House of Representatives, Washington, D. C.
Treasury Department, May 6, 7858.
being delivered in large quantities. We have to .j complete the St. Loms c..Stom-hou?e~ and'an
other appropriation afterwards under the head of
pay for it as it is delivered, under the contracts
and it is economy, in regard to these buil&ngs,
to employ just so much ]abor as will be necessary
to use up the materials, instead of leaving it ex- i
posed to the weather. I
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to move an amend- |
mont to the amendment: i
And for the consti uction of a building fnra po--t ofiico and '
other Government puiposes in the city of I>i noklvn, State >
of New Yoik, $."30.00,1; and also Mich additional -urn a- may i
be n< cot-nirv to purchase a suitable sue tor such building, i
not to exceed .9'-50,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator move that j
as an amendment to this for the completion of the
Treasury budding? I
Mr. SEWARD. An amendment to your amend- j
ment. I suppose your amendment is to complete j
the whole of the buildings now in process of con- j
struction. i
j fencing,grading, paving, and famishing custom-
: houses, and it says at St. Louis, Missouri, $14,600,
making altogether $34,GOO.
Mr. GIIEEN. He told me that £*39,600 would
finish the grading and fencing, and make it all
perfect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you have more
than you want.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The whole
amendment will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
For continuing the extension of the Treasuiy bujldin",
$500,001). 05
Foi continuing the work on the custom-house at New
Oileans, Louisiana, $3j0.0(j0.
For continuing the work on the custom-house at Charles-
ton, South Carolina, $300,000.
For the completion of custom houses at the following
Mr. HUNTER. I should be very glad if the j!
155
Sir: In my annual report to you on the condition of the
several building? being ei ected under the Treasury Depait-
inent, I had the honor 10 call attention to the appiopria-
tmris required to be made to cany on the woiks with
economy, havinja proper legaid to the pecuniary embar-
ra.-Kineut of the Tre.wuv.
Since that peiicd (September 39} the works have pro-
gre-^ed with increased vigoi, nwin; to the abundance
and compilative cheapness of material^ and labor, conse-
quent upon (he hard ttine^. The ie-nltba« boon that larger
expenditure? have been made than could then be antici-
pated. As mo^tof the vvotk^ are being done by contiact,
it waj lmpof-ibU' to lestium the increased expenditures.
Froin this cau^e the unexpended balances that were ex-
peeled to be available foi the fiist two quarters of the next
fit cal year aie trrcatlv icdueed, and in some instances en-
tnely expended Owihk to thw increased vigor in pro^j-
ecuuns the woiks, many of them will be flushed, if the
neee-aiy appropriations are now made, before the next
meeting of Oongrcsp.
In view of the-e circumstance?, and to avoid elamagps
winch the contiaetors will not fail to demand if the works
aie suspended, and at the same time to save the large
amounts now annually paid for rent of building, which
those in (juPMion are de-nrned to r<'[)lace, I would most re-
spcctiutly lecoimnend that Comrie.^s be requested to make
the sollou m<; appropuauon- . All deigned to complete, ia
e\ery paiticulai, all the buildings named, except the eu->-
tom-Jiouses at New Orleans and Charleston, and the Tieas-
mv extension, of which latter the sum asked will finish the
south and a portion of the west wing.
I a)i*o subjoin estimates in gross accompanied by others
in detail, of the amounts neees-aiy to fence, grade, and
fuim-vli those buddinsrs that aie now completed or that wtli
be fini-hed before the next meeting of Congress.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
seivant. A. li- BOWMAN,
Engineer in charge Treasury Department.
Hon. Howell Cobb, Secretary of the Treasury.
•.Impropriations necessary to continue the following works
dm ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1S.*>!>.
Treasury extension  §,">00.000 CO
Custom-house at New Orleans, Loui-iana... o50.0<Kj 00
Custom-house at Ciiaiicston, South Carolina 30u,00d 00
$l,lo0;U0'J 00
