856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
unexceptionably good character during all the
time he was connected with the public service; the
committee, therefore, deem the petitioner's case
one worthy of the favorable consideration of Con-
gress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
REFERENCE OF BILLS.
The bill (H. R. No. 14) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue a register or en-
rollment to the vessel called James Mclndoe, now
owned by Thomas Coatsworth, James G. Coats-
worth, and William Coatsworth, of Buffalo, New
York, was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 22) to alter the time of
holding the courts of the United States, for the
district of South Carolina, was read twice and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the joint resolution of the Senate, (No. 4,)
to extend the operation of the act approved Jan-
uary 16, 1857, entitled kt An act to amend an act
entitled * An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy,'" was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
COMMODORE PAULDING.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S. No.
7) directing the presentation of a medal to Com-
modore Hiram Paulding. It requests the Presi-
dent of the United States* to cause to be made a
medal, with suitable devices, to be presented to
Commodore Hiram Paulding, of the Navy of the
United States, as a testimonial of the high sense
entertained by Congress of his gallant and judi-
cious conduct on the 8ih of December, 1857, in
arresting a lawless military expedition, " set on
foot" in the United States, under the command
of General Walker, and in preventing it from car-
rying on actual war against the feeble and almost
defenseless Republic of Nicaragua, with which
the United States are at peace.
Mr. DOOLiTTLJE and Mr. CLAY addressed
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLAY. 1 was about to move the reference
of this resolution to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, for it seems to me that it is premature
to discuss it at this time, as the action of theSen-
ate would be tantamount to prejudgingaquestion
which is now before that committee; and hence, I
would suggest to the Senator from Wisconsin that
it should be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, that they may report on it, as they have
the matter at this time under their consideration,
under the reference of the President's message.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, what may
be the final disposition of this proposition by the
Senate 1 cannot now foresee; but [ desire to state the
grounds upon which I have deemed it my duty to
introduce this resolution. In stating those grounds,
it will be my endeavor to address myself calmly
and dispassionately, to the judgment, and only to
the judgment, of the Senate, liy appealing to any
partisan prejudice or passion, (should not be able
to aid in the accomplishment of any great or good
purpose if I would, and I ccrtainly would not if I
could. Yet, sir, I may speak earnestly on this
question; for, I confess, I feel deeply the import-
ance of this proposition introduced at this junc-
ture of our affairs, involving, as it does, not only
the character and conduct of a high, gallant, and
veteran officer in the Navy of the United States,
but involving, also, the policy uf the present
Administration, our neutrality laws, the laws of
nations, our relations to the feeble Republics of
Central America* and, perhaps, more than all, the
honor, the integrity, and thegood faith of the Gov-
ernment of the United Status.
in stating the history of this ca.se, I shall rely
mainly upon the messages of the Executive, and
other public official documents. Of General
Walker as a military adventurer I shall have but
little to say, and in what 1 may have to say, it
will not be my purpose to deal in the language of
denunciation. We first hear of General Walker
as a military adventurer in his expedition into
Sonora, when, with a handful of misguided fol-
lowers, he was completely repulsed and defeated.
Of General Walker's second military expedition
from the United States against the republics with
which we are at peace, the history is but too well
known to the country. Pie entered into Nicara-
gua, and there, for a time, he was more success-
ful. He held, or seemed to hold, for a time, the
power in the Government of Nicaragua; but that
same power by which he acquired it—the power
of the sword—was turned against him. Hemmed
in at Rivas,onall sides, by an overwhelming force,
with inevitable destruction before and behind him;
by whom was he rescued ? I repeat the question,
by whom was he rescued? By the Government
of the United States. Sir, in stating this import-
ant fact, I do not rely upon my own information.
I rely upon the declaration of the Secretary of the
Navy, in his annual report, m which he declared
that—•
" It was deemed necest-ary, as a measuie of humanity
and poliey, to direct Commodore Met vine to give Geneial
Waiker arid such of his men,citizens of the United State*,
as were willing to embrace it, an oppoi tunitv to retreat horn
Nicaragua;" and "the action of Commander Davh, s?o far
as he aided General Walker and his men, by the u*e of the
St. Mary's, ro retreat from Nicaragua and return to the
United States, was approved by the Dep^umem."
The expense of transporting them across the
isthmus, and the expense which was incurred for
" necessary food, clothing, and medicine while on
shipboard,"amounting to more than fifteen thou-
sand dollars, was recommended by the Depart-
ment to be borne and paid by the Government of
the United States.
I repeat then, sir, that it was the Government of
the United States which rescued General Walker
and his command at Rivas, from the people of
Nicaragua, and snatched him from the very jaws
of inevit-ible death. Commodore Paulding, in
speaking of the condition of these men at the time
when they surrendered—and I believe there is no
one who will question the correctness of this state-
ment—says:
The remnant of the miserable hoings who surretideicd
at Uivas were conveyed m this ship, (the Wabash,) last
imnmor, to New York, and their sufierings are yet fre&h in
the memoiy of all on board.'"
Two facts are established, in my judgment, be-
yond all controversy: first, that whatever power
General Walker has acquired in Nicaragua, was
ended with his surrender at Rivas, whether that
power was founded de jure or de facto; whether that
power existed of right, or was a power sustained
or acquired by the sword only; and secondly,
that but for the interference of the Government
and oliicers of the United States, General Walker
and the men in arms with him in Nicaragua,
would luve come to an ignominious end. And,
sir, how has he borne himself towards the Gov-
ernment to whom he is indebted for his life ? Is
it not a fact but too well known, that for months
he was engaged in setting on foot and preparing
the means for a military expedition within the
United States, to carry on war against Nicaragua?
How many public meetings have been held ?
What public newspapers have notgiven accounts
of them?
But it is not my purpose, sir, to dwell on these
facts in detail. I will conclude what I have to say
on this point by referring to a paper which brought
home to the knowledge of the Government of the
United States, in a manner too distinct, too direct,
too authoritative, to be overlooked or disregarded,
the fact that this military expedition was being
set on foot in the United States to carry war into
the republics of Central America. As early as
the 14th of September last, it was brought home
to the knowledge of the Government, by a letter
addressed to the Secretary of State, which I beg
leave to lead:
Nfw York, September H, 1857.
The underfilled, Mimstei Plenipotentiary of the Repub-
lics of CiiaiemaJa and Salvador,and the Change d'Aflaires
ot the Republic ol Co^ta Rica, have the honor to make
known to tin; Secretnty of State of the United States, that
! j them is no doubt that there i- Icing prepared, m the south-
i; era part of this Republic,an expedition, under the orders
jj of flu: adventuier William Walkei, the which, according
" to tiu anviciK published m the public journal-*, will sail
, about the middle of the prudent month, or the beginning of
the ne\t, and will ptoceed to the Bocas del Toro, wheie it
will rcccive the armament which has been prepared m this
prut of New Yoik to be forwarded to said point. It is piob-
able that the uniting of the expeditionists and the aforesaid
armament, at the Bocas del Toro, may be for the purpose of
these new* invaders of Nicaragua enteitng the port of San
Juan del None, for tney have no othvr p^rt at which they
can entei. The under-isned hope that the Government of
the Umttd Slates, in view that it cannot p<event th'i de-
barkation of this expedition, so pubheiy and shamelessly
announced, like all the others, will order that a vessel of
i [ war of the (Tinted States pi event the landing of these ag-
gressors in the Bocas del Toro, and that positive orders be
given to the vessel of war that may be lying in San Juan
del Norte, also to prevent the landing of the said filibusters
on that coast, causing thPin to return to the United States,
as t) aggressors of the laws of this country, and as disturb-
ers of tlie peace and security ol friendly nations.
With the highest consideration, the undersigned have the
honor to subscribe themselves, of the Secretary of State of
the United States, the attentive and obedient seivants,
A. J. DE YKiSARlU,
Hon. Lewis Cass. LUIS MOLINA.
By this letter, two facts are brought home to
the knowledge of the Government of the United
States. First, that the expedition was in exist-
ence and being fitted out; and secondly, that Nic-
aragua, or the person who was here, not then rec-
ognized it is true, but who claimed to represent
the powers which had the control of Nicaragua
and the harbor of San Juan, in advance, and
before any order was given by the Secretary of
State, requested the Government of the United
States to prevent the landing of this expedition,
and to cause them to return to the United States.
It was in consequence of this letter addressed to
the Secretary of State, no doubt, that four days
afterwards, the Secretary of State issued his gen-
eral circular to the commanders of our fleet; and
to that circular, I beg leave also to call the atten-
tion of the Senate:
Washington, September 18,1857.
Sir : From information received at this Depaitmcnt, there
is reason to believe that lawless persons ate now engaged
within the limits of the United States in setting on foot and
piepaiing the means for mihtaiy expedition* to be used
against the tcrutoiiea of Mexico, Nicaiagua, and Costa
ltica—Republics with whom the United States arc at peace
—in direct violation of the &ixth section of the act of Con-
gress, approved 20th April, J818. And, under the eighth
bc'ction of eaid act, it is made lawful for the President, or
such person as he shall empower, to employ the land and
naval loices of the United States, and the mihua thereof,
'• for the purpose of preventing the cariying on of any such
expedition or enterprise fiom the territories 01 juusdiction
of the United States." i am, theielore, directed by the
l'i«>ident to call your attention to the subject, and to urge
you to use all due diligence, and to avail your&elt of all le-
gitimate means at your command to enforce these and other
provisions of the said act of 20th April, 1818, against those
who may be found to be engaged 111 setting on foot or pre-
paring mihtaiy expeditions against the terutories of Mexico,
Costa Rica, and Nicaiagua, so manifestly prejudicial to the
national character, and souijunous to the national interest.
And you arc hereby instructed promptly to communicate to
this Department the earliest, information you may receive
lel.Uive to such expeditions.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
LEWIS CASS.
Before entering upon the discussion of the legal
principles involved, and giving what, in my judg-
ment, is the true construction of the language of
these instructions, I beg leave to complete briefly
the statement of the case. These instructions uf
General Cass, given in general and somewhat am-
biguous terms, as all must conecde, were of such
a nature, that when Lieutenant John J. Almy had
occasion to act under them, he directed a letter
to the Navy Department asking for more specific
instructions; ana in answer to this rcquestofLieu-
tcnant Almy, the Navy Department issued the
following instructions:
Navy Dfpartment, October 10, 1857.
Sir- In reply to your letter of the 7th instant, it is tiue
that Amencan eitizcns have a right to travel and go where
they please, when engaged unlawful pursuits, but not to vio-
late the laws of their own 01 of any other countiy. They
have a right to expatriate themselves and to become citizens
ol any country which is willing to receive them, but not to
make that right a mere cloak and cover for a warlike expe-
dition against it or its Government. Your m&auetions do
riot authoi ixo you to act ai bitrai ily or n pon mere suspicion.
You will not <-eize an Amencan vessel, or bring her into
port, or use the force under your command to prevent her
landing her passengers, upon mere suspicion. You will be
careful not to mteifere with lawful commerce. But where
you find that au American vessel is manifestly engaged in
cariying on an expedition or enterprise from the territories
or jurisdiction of the United States agaiixt the territories of
Mexico, Nicaragua, or Costa Rica, contrary to the si Yth sec-
tion of the act ot Congress ol April 20,1818", already referred
to, you will use the force under your command to prevent
it, and will not permit the men or arms engaged in it, or
destined for it, to be landed m any poit of Mexico or Cen-
tral Ameuca.
fin rovte for Chiriqui you will touch at Mobile and New
Orleans, and communicate with the United States district
attorney at each ol those poits.
J am, respectfully, jour obedient servant,
ISAAC TOUCEY-
LiPutenant John J. Almy, Commanding United States
Steamer Fulton, Washington, 1). C.
In completing my statement of the facts in this
case, I shall rely almost altogether upon the
messages of the Executive. I understand the
President of the United States to assume, as an
undisputed fact, that this expedition, of which
Walker was the chief, was set on foot within
the jurisdiction of the United States to make war
