1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
it be adopted, they become a State by the procla-
mation of the President.
Where is the guarantee that that new govern-
ment will be made fairly ? Where is the protection
against fraud in that process ? Who supervises
that action ? If it is the duty of Congress, in the
case of the Lecompton constitution, to see that it
is fairly made, it is the duty of Congress in every
other case. If it is the duty of Congress to in-
quire whether this constitution has been fairly
made, it is an equal obligation not to give the
opportunity of making any constitution unfairly.
Here is a proposition to allow the people to make
a government, put it in operation, and admit it
into the Union, without its ever making its appear-
ance before Congress at all. I do not understand
how alleged frauds in this place can be claimed as
reasons for returning this constitution, if we at
the same time authorize the making of a State
without any guarantee whatever as to how that
power may be abused, without any protection
against fraud, violence, and usurpation.
Then, sir, there is another point, and that is
the extraordinary proposition which makes the
President of the United States perform functions
which the Constitution, in express words, vests
in Congress. I do not speak now as to the gov-
ernmentof Kansas that is before us; that we have
seen; that constitution we have read; that Con-
gress knows to be republican; that we may, oncer-
tain conditions, allow the President to announce
admitted, and hold that the State is in the Union:
but it is to the other alternative—the right to make
a constitution and State government, and put it in
operation, and put it into the Union by a procla-
mation of the President, without ever having it
before Congress at all—that I object. Who knows
that it will be a republican government? Who
can guaranty that it will be admissible in form'
And if republican, may it not contain other fea-
tures, making it entirely unacceptable? Sir, I
have not that measure of confidence in the men
who would bo likely to get hold of this govern-
ment in Kansas just now. Who is satisfied that
General Ltuie would exercise power with modera-
tion? Who believes that if he controlled a con-
vention, he would not indulge the excesses of his
feelings of prejudice against the southern States?
Sir, I should not be surprised if a constitution
made in that way would emancipate the slaves
that are in the Territory and confiscate the prop-
erty value in them. I should not be surprised if
a constitution made in that way, without consult-
ing Congress, should attempt to interdict or em-
barrass the execution of the fugitive slave law, or
would set up other issues with the Federal au-
thority; and yet, whilst Congress might not seri-
ously entertain the idea of admitting such a State,
the President would be obliged to admit it by proc-
lamation. You will discover that it gives the
President no discretion. The duty is imperative
on him. When the facts are properly certified,
ho must announce that the State is in the Union,
110 matter how objectionable the constitution may
be. Here is State making with a vengeanco. Any
measure of fraud may be practiced ; any extent
of violence and usurpation in making the consti-
tution; and no matter how badly made, and yet
the State must come in. The proposition is
monstrous.
Now, sir, the subject-matter of the bill is sug-
gestive; it presents a wide field for discussion.
I do not intend to pursue it this morning; but
I could not persuade myself to vote quietly on
this question. I know that there are certain
very insidious features about this measure—fea-
tures which can be used with great effect before
the populace. It may be alleged that we have
voted against a bill which was to give the people
the right to vote on their constitution. That
would be true; but I answer, that I hold a still
more liberal doctrine toward the people of Kan-
sas; I hold that they can make a constitution in
any way they please; making it according to law
and in regular form. I would give to the people
of Kansas thatmeasure of rightwhich those whom
I represent here exercised; they made a consti-
tution twice through their delegates; they have
levised and amended that constitution through the
agency of a popular ratification. It was compe-
tent for the people of Kansas to do the same
thing; and if those in Kansas, who claim to be
adverse to this slavery article, who object most
to this constitution, had exercised their high pre-
rogative as freemen, probably we should have had
no excitement on this occasion. But, sir, tliey did
not perform the duty. In June, when they might
have decided the question of slavery by electing
delegates, they would not vote; the " bogus laws"
were in their way. In October, when the ques-
tion of slavery was not involved, but when offices
were at stake, they did vote. In December fol-
lowing, when they had a direct vote on the ques-
tion of making Kansas a free or a slave State,
they could not vote—it would not do to recognize
the " bogus laws," and the " bogus convention."
But, a few days afterwards, when it was a ques-
tion of gaining the local offices, they rushed to
the polls and elected the officers under what they
termed the "Lecompton swindle." There is the
source of the trouble; and as this issue stands, the
most that those on the other side can make out
of it would be (taking their own ground) an
issue between those who, through the forms of
law, had abused, to some extent, the right of
suffrage, and those who had set themselves up
against the use of that right; who had preferred
other means; who had not exercised the high
functions of freemen under our laws and under our
policy of government. They avowed that de-
termination, and they adhered to it. There may
have been fraud, and there may have been usurp-
ation, to some extent, on the one hand. The
best that can be said for the other was that it pre-
sented matured, persistent, and stupendous insub-
ordination, to the laws, if not rebellion to the gov-
ernment. Which of these alternatives shall we
take? I shall not, for my part, cast a vote that
will give success to those who have stood out
persistently against the laws.
It may be said, and it is said, that this consti-
tution is not agreeable to the majority ofthc peo-
ple. Well, sir, I have searched in vain in the
complicated history of legislation on this subject
for the instance in which that question was dis-
tinctly raised and discussed, where it was claimed
as a duty on the part of Congress to know that a
majority of the people were for the form of gov-
ernment which they sent up to Congress. No
such question could have arisen in the case of the
State of my venerable friend from Kentucky, for
that was declared in the Union a State before the
form of government was made, not by the proc-
lamation, I believe, but by actof Congress. That
could not have been an ascertained fact in regard
to Florida. No member of Congress, as I under-
stand the history of that case, could have known
whether the people preferred the constitution of
Floridaornot. Why not? I shall show. In 1838,
the people of Florida held a convention, and made
a constitution. They submitted it, it is true, to
the ratification of the people, and, as I learn the
history of it, a majority was only found by throw-
ing out certain districts on the ground of inform-
ality. That constitution was sent up here. It
was filed away in the archives of the Senate legis-
lative department. There it lay, colnvebbed and
dusted over, for six long years. When it became
necessary to bring in Iowaas a State, these musty
papers were drawn from their solitude, and on
them Florida was made a State. Who would say
that the people who held that convention, and
voted on the constitution, still remained in Flor-
ida ? Who would say, that in the six years which
intervened, there was not a large accession of
population to the Territory of Florida ? There
could have been no satisfactory evidence that the
people of Florida approved that constitution; no
man could have known that it embodied their
will. I only present these historical facts for the
purpose of showing that the doctrine that Con-
gress must know that a constitution embodies the
will of a majority of the people before we have
the right in propriety to admit the State, is anew
doctrine.
liut, Mr. President, I have spoken already
much longer than I intended to do. I rose for the
purpose of confining myself to a very few points.
I trust we are near the close of this angry debate.
For one, I am free to say to tlie Senate and to
the country that I am tired of this topic of Kan-
sas. I am tired of it in every sense. Especially
am I weary of it, because I can see in it an ele-
ment of growing mischief to this great, peaceful,
and happy country of ours. Why it is, I know
not; but it is m the dispensation of Providence
that we are to have a very plague among us in
the shape of this slavery question, living and
growing as the nation advances; spreading out
yearly, overshadowing the whole country like
some fatal upas, whose poisonous branches shade
the very extremities and deal poison and de^th as
the seasons roll by. I say, sir, that we are near
the close of this debate, and with it, I trust this
feud will be put to rest forever—this strife which
is so certainly and so constantly poisoning the
very channels of intercourse between great divis-
ions of this Union, severing the relations of the
people who ought to be fraternal and affectionate,
and abiding-in a common faith. Sir, while I have
my own notions of this measure, 1 do not cherish
them with the tenacity that some do. I desire,
however, to make the admission of Kansas and
Minnesota an exemplification of the truthfulness,
of the equity and wisdom of the Democratic pol-
icy that Congress shall no longer deal with this
vexed question; but that it shall be left to the peo-
ple of the Territories to settle for themselves; and
they shall quietly become States, with or without
slavery, as their government may provide at the
time of admission.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I had hoped
that we could vote on this question without any
further debate; and I shall not protract it to any
considerable length. Like the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, I had hoped that we should have dis-
posed of this question in a manner that would have
given a complete triumph to those great Demo-
cratic principles to which my life has been devoted.
I had hoped that the principle of self-government
in the Territories, the great principle of popular
sovereignty which we all profess to cherish, on
which all our institutions are founded, would have
been carried out in good faith in Kansas. I be-
lieve, sir, that if the amendment inserted by the
House of Representatives be concurred in by the
Senate to-day, and become the law of the land, the
great principle of popular sovereignty, on which
all our institutions rest, will receive a complete
triumph, and there will be peace and quiet and
fraternal feeling all over this country.
We are told that this vexed question ought to be
settled; that the country is exhausted with strife
andcontroversy;and that peace should be restored
by the admission of Kansas. Sir, why not admit
it? You can admit it in one hour, and restore
peace to the country, if you will concur with the
House of Representatives in what is called the
Crittenden amendment. This amendment pro-
vides that Kansas is admitted into the Union on
the fundamental condition precedent that the con-
stitution be submitted to the people for ratifica-
tion, and if assented to by them, it becomes their
constitution; if not assented to, they are to pro-
ceed to make one to suit themselves, and the Pres-
ident is to declare the result, and Kansas is to be
in the Union without further legislation. Concur
with the House of Representatives, and your ac-
tion is final; Kansas is in the Union, with the
right to make her constitution to suit herself; and
there is an end to the whole controversy.
Why not close the controversy here ? Why
distract the country furtheifcn the sulyect? Why
not let the North and the South, the East and the
West, men of all political parties, unite upon this
great measure of justice and conciliation and fair-
ness, which has been brought forward by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, and indorsed by the House
of Representatives? The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania tells us that it violates the doctrine of non-
intervention; the doctrino of popular sovereignty;
the Democratic platform; and for that reason he
cannot support it. How does it violate that doc-
trine? Because, as he says, it requires the con-
s titu tion to be submitted to the vote of the people for
ratification or rejection. Thafts supposed to be
intervention ! When we passed the Minnesota act
last year, we required the constitution which her
convention might form to be submitted to the peo-
ple for ratification or rejection as a condition of pre-
senting it here for admission; and it never occurred
to us that by so doing we were intervening, that
we were violating the platform, that we were re-
pudiating the doctrine of popular sovereignty.
Besides, the President of the United States told
us in his annual message that by the Kansas-Ne-
braska act the slavery question was required to
be submitted to a vote of the people for their de-
cision. The President, then, does not consider
a requirement by Congress, that a constitution
shall be submitted to the people, to be intervention;
for he says that the organic act required the sub-
