1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35t
against Nicaragua, a Republic at peace with us;
that it was well known to the Government of the
United States that this expedition was about to
be canied on against Nicaragua; that the leader
of this expedition was arrested by officers of the
United States, but was discharged upon giving
bail in. the insufficient sum of $2,000; that soon
after his discharge, Walker, with his command,
embarked on board the steamer Fashion, a vessel
of the United States, and sailing under the flag
of the United States, and entered San Juan; and
under the very guns of the Saratoga, a vessel of
war of the United States, lying in the waters of
San Juan, lie was permitted to land upon the soil
of Nicaragua; that immediately after landing, he
commenced, and was actually engaged in carry-
ing on, a lawless warfate against the people and
the Government of Nicaragua; and that while he
was so engaged upon the shores of Nicaragua,
Commodore Paulding arrived in the harbor of San
Juan, in command of the flag-ship Wabash; that
after he arrived there, he immediately ordered
General Walker and his command to embark on
board such vessels as lie should designate, an3
compelled them to embark and return to the Uni-
ted States. This transaction on the part of Com-
modore Paulding took place on the 8th of Decem-
ber last. On the 30th of December, the Minister
of Nicaragua, recognized by the Government of
the United States, addressed to the Secretary of
State a letter, of which I will read a portion:
" Tlic undersigned, irt the name of the three Governments
which lie repiesents, returns thanks to the Government of
the United States for having taken away tiie adventurer
William Walker, and his invading band, horn the point of
which they had taken possession on the coast of Nicaragua;
thus fieeing those friendly countries fro in the evils with
which they would have been visited, had the>e disfutbers
of the peace of nations been allowed the possibility of in-
creasing their foices by new recruits. Those wlio, 111 the
service which the Government of the United States has
rendered to its fuend, the Republic of Nicaragua, would
seek for a warrant to say that the Niearaguan territory has
been violated, will Jiaidlyfind it, from the moment that the
woild will have learned thattheGovernmentof Nieaiagua,
far fiom complaining of a violation of her tcrntory, looks
upon fhar act as an assistance, directed in behalf of its
inviolability, which was wounded, in effect, by certain ad-
venturers trom the United States; and that it considers such
assistance, extended by this Government, as a consequence
of the measures which, by his note of the 14th ofSeptember
last, the undersigned had asked this Government to adopt,
giving orders to the Navy of the United States to capture
the violators of the law* of neutrality.
"The point from winch Commodore Paulding forced away
those bandits, the violators of the laws of all nations, and,
as such, justly assimilated, by the law of nations, to pirates
and foes of man kind, is an almostdesertone,on winch there
exist no Nicaraguan authorities that could have managed
the apprehension ol those (Hons. Nicaragua, theielote,con-
feider.-, that the proceeding- ol Commodore Paulding against
Walker and his lioide were entirely justifiable ; lor, as a
man-of-war of anv nation may take up pirates from adeseit
island, or one to thinly peopled that they can assert their
dominion over it, although that island might belong to an-
other sovereign nation, just so can bandits be apprehended,
as enemies of the human race, by the armed vessels of a
friendly nation, on a point of a foreign coast, which may be
placed under circumstances like to those of the island men-
tioned by way of illustration.
" Consideung it highly important that the tenor of this
note—especially the poition touching emigration to Nic-
aragua—should be made public, the undersigned would
entertain the hope that the Secretary of State will find no
objection to have its content? published.
"The undesigned, with highest consideration, has the
honor of tendering to the Secretary of State the renewed
assuiance that he is his respectful servant,
"A. .1. DK YRISARRI.
"lion. Lewis Cass, Secretary of State,
Seven days after this letter was rcccived by the
Department of State, the President of the United
States communicated his message to the Senate,
in which he used the following language:
" It unquestionably does not. he in the mouth of her in-
vaders to complain in her name that she has been rescued
by Commodore Paulding from their assaults."
And again:
" In regard to Nicaragua, she has sustained no injury by
the act ot Commodore Paulding. This hai mined to her
benefit, and relieved her from a dreaded invasion. She
alone would have any right to complain of the violation of
her territory; and it is quite curtain she will never exercise
thw right."
I regret, sir, that the President of the United
States did not feel called upon, also, to say that
the Minister from the State of Nicaragua had ex-
pressly returned the thanks of Nicaragua to the
Government of the United States for the act of
Commodore Paulding, instead of complaining of
a violation of her territory.
Upon these facts, which I have endeavored to
state as briefly as I was able, I shall maintain that
Oommodorerauldinsrneitherviolated his instruc-
tions, when fairly construed, nor the laws of the
United States, nor the territory of Nicaragua, nor
the laws of nations; and that he is therefore enti-
tled to the unqualified commendation of the Pres-
ident, of Congress, of the people of the United
States, and, I may add, of the civilized world.
As I have already stated, the instructions which
were issued by General Cass, as Secretary of
State, and by Mr. Toucey, as the Secretary of
the Navy, were general in their terms. They
were little more, and they were certainly nothing
less, than to enjoin on the commanders of the
Navy the use of all diligence, and of all legitimate
means within their power to enforce the provis-
ions of the act of I0I8. In reference to the rule
which is to govern instructions issued to military
commanders, whether at sea or upon land, T beg
leave to refer to a distinguished authority, (Puf-
j fendorf,) and, I believe, all other writers on the
1 laws of nations agree with him. Puffendorf lays
[ down the rule, that while a general or admiral,
I with limited commissions or instructions, may
! not exercise any powers not given by them, that
1 a paramount necessity arising from new and un-
expected circumstances may compel him to go
beyond the letter of his instructions to carry out
their object. I quote his words:
" An admiral at sea, who is by his orders to be only on the
defensive, may yet, notwithstanding such a confinement,
upon provocation sufficient break 111 upon the enemy's fleet,
and sink and burn as many of their slupsjas he "can; all
that he is forbidden is to challenge the enemy first, when
they do not think of lighting. And so u general on land,
though bis instructions be not to engage the enemy, may
yet, if he be attacked in his intrenchments, not only repulse
them when thoy would force his camp, hut make a tally
and give them battle ; and if he be set upon his match, and
find*, he cannot make a safe and honorable retreat, he may
justly venture a fight."—Puj)cndorfy bookS, chapter ejec-
tion 10.
And it must have been in reference to cases
of such overwhelming necessity that Tully lays
down the doctrine—
"That in affairs of such unexpected and straightening
circum&tanccs, a man should not think of staying for the
mstiuctions of the Senate, hut b^ a Senate to himself, and
do what he thinks will be best for the advantage of the Com-
monwealth."
As applied to ordinary circumstances, and in
the absence of such overwhelming necessity, I
admit that this doctrine would be altogether too
broad, and would not receive my sanction; but
there are exigencies which no human being can
foresee, for which no specific instructions can be
given in advance, which throw around a military
or naval commander an absolute necessity for in-
stant action—where, to retreat from his position,
would be dishonor; and to wait for instructions
from a Department a thousand miles away, would
be a crime against all the laws of God and man.
When charged with the execution, therefore, of
a special undertaking, it is always implied in the
instructions given, when they do not expressly
forbid it, that he may do all in his power which
the honor of his country, the laws of nature, and
the laws of nations will allow, to effect the pur-
pose of that special undertaking.
It can be pretended by no one that the instruc-
tions which were issued by the Secretary of State,
or the Secretary of the Navy, forbid Commodore
Paulding from touching the soil of Nicaragua.
They expressly contemplate his acting in com-
mand of vessels within the waters of Nicaragua,
and within its jurisdiction. The authority given
is to prevent the landing of these persons upon
the soil of Nicaragua. The authority given is the
power to enforce all the provisions of the act of
J818—amongthem, " to prevent the carryingon"
of this lawless war against Nicaragua. It might
become absolutely necessary, in order to prevent
the landing of an expedition, that the commodore
in command of a fleet should touch the soil itself.
If we were to suppose that the expedition con-
sisted of ten thousand men, instead of three hun-
dred or four hundred, that it was embarked on
board a dozen ships, instead of one, it might be- ;
come necessary for the commodore of the fleet to
hind and take possession and control of a fort on
shore, to command the entrance into the harbor,
and thus prevent the landing of the remainder of
the expedition.
But again, Mr. President, I beg leave to refer
to another authority, and I claim the indulgence
of the Senate for so doing, for the reason that the
honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugei,] on a
former occasion, speaking in reference to the doc-
trine which I had expressed, advised me very
kindly to look into the authorities on the subject,
saying that I would find no law to sustain the po-
sitions which I have taken. I refer to Vattel, who
says that—
" There are occasions when the subject may reasonably
suppose the sovereign's will, and act in consequence of his
tacit command."
It was this principle which authorized and jus-
tified Commodore Dale to commence hostilities
against the Tripolitans in 1801, when it was be-
lieved that war was intended by them. Neiiher
Commodore Dale nor Captain Sterret, the officer
who made the first capture, was censured; but, on
the contrary, both were highly applauded, and
the latter received the thanks of Congress and a
sword, although at the time war had not been de-
clared against Tripoli. It was the same princi-
ple which authorized and justified Commodore
Rodgers in blockading the port of Tunis, and for-
cing the Bey to terms; and afterwards drawing his
shipsup before the batteries of Tangier, and threat-
ening hostilities to the Emperor of Morocco, in
the year 1805. It also authorized and justified
Commodore Decatur in threatening hostilities to
the Bey of Tunis and the Bashaw of Tripoli, in
the year 1815, and forcing them to restore large
amounts of money taken from our citizens. Nei-
ther of these officers was censured for his conduct,
which he believed to be in accordance with the
wishes of the nation, although the United States
had not declared war against those Powers. Sir,
it was by virtue of this principle that Captain In-
graham, in the harbor of Smyrna, performed the
gallant deed for which he received the thanks of
Congress.
Mr. PUGrH. "Will the Senator allow me to in-
terrupt him, as he has referred to me? The point
on winch I told the Senator to look into the author-
ities, he has not alluded to at all. I understood
him to state, on a former occasion, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States was liable to foreign
nations for any act of private aggression commit-
ted by anyone of our citizens, and I told the Sen-
ator then that I should like to see the law for it,
and I should like to hear the law for it now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That point in this argu-
ment I shall by no means overlook. I shall refer
to the authorities on that question. But to return
to the point I was considering: in my judgment,
the only fair construction to be put upon the lan-
guage, vague and general as it must be conceded
to be, which is used in the circular of General
Cass, and in the letter of the Secretary of the:
Navy, is this: that it was intended to confer on
the commander of the fleet all the power which
the President of the United States himself could
have exercised for the same purpose. If these
instructions bear any other construction; if it wero
intended by the President of the United States to
withhold any power which he might lawfully ex-
ercise, it would be but equivalent to saying that
the Administration of the Government was m col-
lusion with General Walker. Will any friend of
the Administration stand up on this floor and say
that the President of the United States intended
to withhold the exercise of any power with which
he was clothed by the law, for the purpose of put-
ting an end to these lawless expeditions ? Will
any one stand up and say that, underneath the
vague and general words contained in those in-
structions, there is a concealed intention to with-
hold the exercise of such power? Sir, there is
but one alternative in construing the instructions
given to Commodore Paulding: either the Admin-
istration intended in good faith to give to him ali
the power which the law would give, or the Admin-
istration purposely withheld the power in order
to colludc with General Walker. For my own
part, I prefer to give to those instructions that
construction which is consistent with the honor
and good faith of the Government of the United
States, and which is consistent with the honor
and the good faith of the Executive, when he de-
clares, as he does in his message:
<•' The Governmentitself, at least in the estimation of the
world, becomes an accomplice in the commission of this
crime, imle«s it adopts all the means necessary to prevent
and to punish it."
Was it intended by these instructions not to
give any power which the President could give
to Commodore Paulding? If such was the inten-
tion, by the words of the President himself let
the Administration be judged. The Administra-
tion would become an accomplice in the commis-
