1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2467
son I am not disposed to talk about it. They had
power to select a site and did so, and paid for it,
and he has got the money which it was very con-
venient for him to have, I know; and which, so
far as a neighbor is concerned, I have no objection
to his having; but I have no idea that money
which was appropriated, and which was in the
Treasury at the time it was appropriated, shall
be withheld, and that the public shall go with-
out the accommodation Congress intended they
should have on the mere arbitrary discretion of
an executive officer. I wish this amendment ap-
pended to the amendment of the Finance Com-
mittee; and then if the chairman does not want
any of it adopted, I have no very particular wish
about it. Still I think it the duty of the executive
department to execute the laws and not to under-
take to assume a discretion to set them aside, and
certainly not when they are using millions that
they are not authorized to use and afterwards
come to Congress to get them to ratify u.
Mr. GREEN. It does not seem to me to be
very correct to characterize the Secretary of War
or the heads of the Executive Departments as
having made contracts without authority of law,
when there is no evidence of it. True, there was
a deficiency bill passed here; but I know, the Sen-
ate knows, and the country knows, that every
one of the obligations provided for in it was in-
curred according to law, and the very law to which
the Senator from New Hampshire refers, has a
proviso in it excepting the cases in which the in-
debtedness occurred for which the deficiency bill
passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to inqune if it excepted the
$250,000 for surveys in California?
Mr. GU.EEN. X understand all that. That is
not the $5,000,000 to which the Senator from New
York alluded.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. It was part of that bill.
Mr. GREEN. True, it was part of thot bill;
but the Senator from Illinois ought to know under
what circumstances that indebtedness occurred.
Continuing contracts were made, the work under
which amounted to that sum,and it was requited
to meet an actual deficiency. Deficiency bills are
incident to the nature of the Government; and
while we all vote them with the greatest leluctance,
and while we scrutinize (hem with the utmost
care, as we ought to do, it is not very appropri-
ate to charge an executive officer with a -violation
of law, when the law leaves a margin within which
lie may exercise his discretion; and he not only
has the right, but it is his imperative duty to do
so. There are cases in which, if the appropria-
tion were to be exhausted, the Army would have
to be disbanded, the Navy would have to be dis-
mantled; the ships left to rot, and the arms to go
to rust, and the whole defenses of the country to
perish, but for that proviso in the law winch gives
the executive officer the privilege to keep up, by
anticipation, the means to defend and piotect the
country; and it was under this that that deficiency
accrued.
One word now upon the subject of these cus-
tom-house appropriations. The Senator from
New York implies a censure against the Secretary :
of the Treasury. The Secretary of the Treasury '
cannot use money, although appropriated, unless j
he has it. It may be in the statute; the law may ;
authorize him to use it; but if he has not the !
money, he cannot use it. if the law imposes on |
him the duty of making certain payments, and !
also authorizes him to erect certain public build-
ings, and he has not enough to do all, he must
stop and select that which is most imperative, ;
that which is most important to the public inter- ;
est, m doing which the putting up of gaols, build-
ing of court-houses, custom-houses, and post
offices has been neglected, as it ought to be neg-
lected, until we are able to do it. If the country
had had an overflowing Treasury, no doubt ail
these buildings would have been put up. Why,
sir, more than twenty applications have come to us
at this session of Congress for appropriations for ,
post offices and court-houses, and all have been '
rejected. Others, which were passed at the last
Congress, have not been built. Why? Because
we had not the means to do it. The public ac-,
commodation may require it; but we must pro-
cted,fts the Spaniards say, poco-a-poco, little by
lit?!*1, step by step; do it according to the means
we have, and I see no cause for censure or com-
plaint against any executive officer for not put-
ting up a building when he has not the money to
pay for it, although it may be appropriated nom-
inally on the statute-book.
Mr. TOOMBS. The complaint made by the
Senator from New York is a very extraordinary
one, and his amendment is of a very extraordi-
nary character. The truth is, it is entirely illogi-
cal and ludicrous. Congress appropriates a large
amount of money, say $70,000,000; the Treasury
falls short $20,000,000; and you complain of the
Secretary of the Treasury for not spending the
$70,000,000 when he has not got the money.
That is the whole complaint. Congress makes its
appropriations, estimating the revenue; the reve-
nue falls short, but the appropriations do not; the
appropriations stand, but the $70,000,000 do not
come into the Treasury; and now complaint is
made that the Secretary does not spend the money
that he has not got. That is the whole of the
Senator's complaint. But he says that the Sec-
retary has bought a site for some of those build-
ings. If there was enough to execute a portion
of theduty, to fulfill the law in part, which would
he have done first? Would he have the Secretary
build the house and then buy the site, or first buy
the site and then build the house? I think the
Secretary of the Treasury commenced at the right
end. I think he ought to have bought the site be-
fore he built the house. The complaint seems to be,
however, according to the Senator, that a friend
of one of the Departments here has got pay for
the site, and that the public has not got the accom-
modation of the building. Howcouldthe public
get the accommodation without having a site on
which to put the building? Is there any justice
in the Senator's complaint, unless he was to build
the house before he bought a place to put it on?
The amendment ought nottop.^ss. Tt calls on
the Secretaiy to execute such laws. Find him
the money. It is no interest of the Secretary not
to execute the laws, and pay out money as you
direct him; but the difficulty is, that he lias not
got the money. When you have appropriated
$75,000,000, and there are but $50,000,000 in the
Treasury, it is the duty of the executive Gov-
ernment to apply the money first to those objects
of most important public necessity; and there-
fore the completion of buildings nearly completed,
where the public, would lose by delay, would he
the first object in this class of expenditures; and
last of all would be to put up new court-houses
and new custom-houses. Use the old ones, or use
none. All these appropriations were very inju-
dicious. They were the ieast necessary to carry
on the Government. I admit it is the duty of the
executive officer to execute them if you find him
the means; but it is his right and his duty, when
there is not money enough in the Treasuiy for
all the objects of expenditure, to apply the money
first to those most important, fie cannot do all.
He must do some. I suppose he does not judge
as the Senator from New York does. He wants
the Secretary to do something in his neighbor-
hood. But the Secretary is an officer of the whole
country; and, in his judgment, (the only place
where the discretion can he,) that object can wait
until the lnonov comes. If he gets it soon, I have
no doubt he will perform the duty.
Mr. KING. 1 suppose I shall not be required
to furnish understanding to the Senator from
Geogia, who has chosen to misunderstand the
facts of this case, and of course thus to misstate
them. I will read the law. On the 16th August,
1850, a law was passed containing this provision:
'• Sice 16. shvlhe U fiuikcr ouicted, Th:\t the Secretary
oi tiie Tte;iMin he. and lie is hereby, aiuhutized and di-
icct«'d to cnu-e to bo constructed the following building-."
And then it goes on to enumerate them, and
appropriates the money. When this law was
passed,in August, 1856, and for a year after that
period, there was a largo surplus of money m the
Treasury. The money which was appropriated
by Congress for these objects was in the Treas-
ury. My complaint is that the Secretary of the
Treasury has diverted it to other purposes, and
used it for objects for which he was not author-
ized to tue it by any act of Congress, and has re-
fused to carry out the law of Congress. That is
the allegation I make.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator from New
York tell me for what object not authorized by
law the Secretary has used money? I am not
aware of anything of that kind.
Mr. KING. I will tell you what I consider
acts that are not authorized bylaw. Wherever
he has used money for a purpose for which no
appropriation was made, he has there undertaken
to exercise his discretion. The deficiency bill
which was brought in here at the commencement
of the session for some eight or nine million dol-
lars, the greater part of which was for the alleged
Utah war, wasevidence of large amounts of money
used for purposes for which no act of appropria-
tion had been passed.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator, but he is certainly mistaken. Not a cent
of that was paid until there was an appropriation.
The Government was made liable by contracts.
Mr. KING. Precisely.
Mr. HUNTER. But not a cent was used until
it was appropriated.
Mr. KING. The officer could not pay the
money out of the Treasury, but he would make
contracts. That is the very thing I complain of;
that instead of using money for objects for which
Congress had directed him to use it, he makes
| contracts and comes here to procure from Con-
gress a vote to authorize him to pay money for
the purpose to which he has appropriated it and
to which Congress has not.
Mr. HUNTER. They were not contracts made
withoutauthority of law, except, perhaps, it may
be said, those made by the surveyor general of
California.
Mr. KING. Five hundred thousand dollars
of this very amendment, offered by the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, it is alleged by the
Senator from New Hampshire, was contracted
without authority of law, and in express viola-
tion of the act of 1820, and the chairman of the
Committee on Finance states that he has not ex-
amined the question, and does not know how the
fact is. 1 have not examined it, and do not know.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Cobb did not make the
contiact.
Mr. ^RODERICK. Will the Senator from
New Yoik yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRODERICK. I can state that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury paid $110,000 in Califor-
nia, without any authority of law, and very un-
justly, too. I have been tiying, since I have held
a seat here, to ascertain by what authority of Uw
he paid it, and I have not yet been able to ascer-
tain.
Mr. HUNTER, and others. What was the
Mr. BRODERICK. It was the case of a set-
tlement between a gentleman by the name of EI-
dridge and the Department, where the Secretary
of the Treasury paid $110,000 to Mr. Eldridge to
take the buildings off the Government's hands,
while anotherparty was in possession, and a lease
had been made to him by the collector of the port
of San Francisco. There was no authority of
law for it. In the first place, the Department paid
$75,000 to erect the building. They paid the party
$450,000 in six years for rents; and in the end
paid him $110,000 to take the pioperty off the
! hands of the Government.
j Mr. KING. It is this unregulated discretion,
I this arbitrary power and authonty assumed by
i the executive department in relation to the ex-
■ penditures of the Treasury, to which I object; that,
i instead of pursuing the lav/sand executing them,
I they go on to use the public funds for such pur-
I poses as they choose, and then call upon Con-
! gross in cases where they have not been author-
! lzed by appropriations, or by special direction of
the statute, to ratify their action by appropnating
i foi a deficiency. The Treasury of the nation
1 should be under the control of Congress; but there
i may be instances m which the executive depart-
; ment is called upon to make expenditures, and to
take the iesponsibihty; and where that is the
i case they should report the facts to Congress,
: and m such a case I should never object to meet-
ing the liability. But the point here is, whether
the executive department, with the money in the
Treasury, can refuse to execute the laws of Con-
1 greys which have been passed a year in advance
' fot them? This is so. We all know that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, under the discretion which
■ existed with him, paid some ten or twelve million
1 dollars of public debt at an advance of from ten
j to seventeen per cent, premium. Large premiums
i were paid to wealthy capitalists for the debts;
