358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
sion of the crime, unless it adopted all the means
necessary to prevent and punish it.
This now brings us to the consideration of the
importantquestion, " what powers may the Pres-
ident of the United States lawfully exercise upon
this subject?" It must be borne in mind that the
people of the United States live under three dis-
tinct systems of law. There are the laws of the
several States, whose jurisdiction is bounded by
the limitsof the States themselves; there are the
laws of the United States, whose jurisdiction is
coextensive with the whole of the United States;
there are the laws of nations, whose jurisdiction
is coextensive with the civilized world. The laws
of nations, as well as the laws of the United States,
are to be regarded by the Government of the
United States. They are equally binding upon its
Government, upon its citizens, and upon every
department. The people of the United States
therefore owe a triple allegiance to the laws of the
States in which they live; to the laws of the Uni-
ted States, and to the laws of nations. In our in-
tercourse with the nations of the woild, with all
foreign nations, we are governed, not by the stat-
utes of the United States, not by the statutes of
the several States, but by the code of laws which
is denominated the law of nations, based upon
those maxims which are written in adamant upon
the common conscience and the common sense of
mankind. By our treaty of friendship with the
Republics of Central America, as well as by the
laws of nations, this Government was bound to
keep the peace. Every department of this Gov-
ernment was under that obligation, and the Pres-
ident of the United States, as the chief executive
officer of the United States, having charge more
especially of our foreign relations, and of our in-
tercourse witli foreign States, when he took the
oath of office, was sworn to see that the laws of
nations, so far as our own Government and our
own citizens were concerned, shouldbefaithfully
executed, and should not be violated. With great
force, therefore, it might be urged that, even mdc-
Eendent of the act of 1818, the President of the
rnited States, as the commander-in-chief of the
Navy, might interfere if he saw that citizens, sail-
ing upon our ships, under ourflag, were commit-
ting depredations upon other nations and the cit-
izens of other nations; that he might lawfully
interfere to preserve the peace, to an est them m
the act, and prevent the commission of those
crimes against the laws of nations and the peace
of the world. iiut,sir, if any doubts existed on
that subject, the statute ol lt>18 hasiemoved them
in my judgment entirely; and I beg leave now to
call the attention of the Senate to the construc-
tion to be given to the language of the act.
I confess that I was greatiy surprised by the
position which was taken by the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] and other Sen-
ators upon this floor, that the President of the
United States, by the eighth section of this act,
■was not authorized to employ the Navy of the
United States beyond our territorial jurisdiction
outside of one marine league from our coast, or
a cannon shot from shore. So clear is the lan-
guage of this statute, in my judgment, that, hud
i not heard such an opinion declared upon this
floor, I would not have believed there could bo
any two opinions* about it. 1 beg leave to call
your attention to the language of the act. The
aixth section is as follows:
"That it' any pei^on shall, within the teintory or jiu^-
diction of the United .State.-, bej<<u oi *et on loot, or piowue
or pie pure the foi, any nnhi.u.v evpeuuion o  run i-
priso, to 1).': eairu'd on fiom thenec the tenI'my or
dominions ol any foreign pnnee, or rUato, or or any colony,
district, or people, wall whom the i'nikd Male* an: fatj
peactf, ovei(v pci-on to offending di.d! hi; d"ont(jd <:ui!ty of a
luga mi-demeanor, and Mi.tll Ik; nm d not < veeilu.fi .i;3,000,
and impuboued no? moie Than tho-e yeas*/'
It is the eighth section of t!ie net uluo'i clothes
the Presidcnfof the- United States with tile power
to employ the land and naval forces—I now read
bo much of the section as is applicable to ih.s case.
After declaring tno power, the purpose for winch
it may be used is stated in this language:
" For the purpose of prevailing the e.iiivuer on of any
such expedition or iMiterpriao Jio.u th • tenitoce-? or juris-
diction of the Tinted St,t> tomtom* or do-
minions ot any foreign pi nice, or :?tciie. oi or an; e<>ionv, dis-
trict, oi peuple, with w horn the Unuwd riutr - arc at pcace."
The crime against the laws of the United States
is defined in the sixth section of tiie act; and it
consists in what? " In beginning and setting on
foot an expedition, with intent to carry it beyond
their jurisdiction, against the territories of some
other State." It is not, I agree with the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] the in-
tention which constitutes a crime independent of
the act itself; and what the statute of the United
States assumes to punish is not the carrying on of
the expedition against a foreign territory or State,
but the beginning and setting on foot of the expe-
dition within the territories of the United States.
But the eighth section of the act gives the Pres-
ident a power to do what? Not to prevent the
setting on foot, nor the beginning of an expedi-
tion, but to prevent the carrying on of an expedi-
tion from the United States against the territories
or dominions of a foreign State. So far as the
crime of setting on foot or beginning an expedi-
tion within the territories of the United States is
concerned, the ordinary process of the courts of
the United States is sufficient. The courts have
jurisdiction; the marshal has the power to arrest;
and the President of the United States, if called
upon to interfere, may be called upon to aid the
maishal in the execution of process; but when so
called upon, it is by virtue of other provisions of
other statutes of the United States, and this pro-
vision of this statute for that purpose would be
wholly unnecessary. It is to give to the President
power to prevent the carrying on of this expedi-
tion, after it leaves the jurisdiction of the United
States, against a foreign State, that this power is
given at all. It would be utterly impossible to
carry on an'expedition against the territory of
Nicaragua, a thousand miles olf, and to carry it
on within the jurisdiction of the United States,
and it is absurd to suppose it. It is utteily im-
possible.
Again, sir, to a person of fair ordinary under-
standing, what is the meaning of this innguage:
"To carry on an expedition from one nation
against the territories of another?" Applyitto
Governments, and by all the rules of construction
it means nothing more nor less than to carry on
war, aggressive war, by sea or land, by one Gov-
ernment against another. Applied to individuals,
what is it? It is but a lawless incursion, by the
citizens of one Government into the tointones of
another Government, to make lawless war against
its citizens. It menus nothing more, and it can
mean nothing less. With all deference, therefore,
to the opinions of honoiable Senators, I must beg
leave to say that, in my opinion, there is not a
shadow of foundation for this construction of the
act of181S.
Allow me to inquire why any such construction
should be given to it? Is there any reason for it?
Is there any principle involved m it? What is our
JNfavy for,and why do we expend millions in us
support, if it is only to act within one maiine
league of our coast, within cannon shot from
shore ? Shall 1 be answered that the object of our
Navy is to afford protection to our citizens, where-
ever they may go, over the sea, throughout the civ-
ilized woi Id, and, at the same time, must I be told
that th it i\'a\y must not be used by the President
of the* United States, as commander-in-chief, for
the purpose of preventing organized bodies of our
own citizens trom carrying on lawless war against
the citizens and territories of our friendly sister
Republics? A gloi ious thmg, iudof d, it was when
Commander Ingraham, in the harbor of Smyrna,
threw the flog of the United States over the pros-
trate form of the poor Hungarian exile, fleeing
from th'-  Austrian police to seek its protection !
Did he stop to nujutre whether it was within the
letter of his instructions ? Did he stop to inquire,
even, whether he was within the jurisdiction of
the United States, and within cannon shot of its
shore ? Did he stop to inquire whetner he was
not within the waters of a nt'iurid tori itory r" No,
sir. tie did not pomt to any aet of Congress, to
any section of the statute, to any letter in his in-
sti uctions. He looked, rather, down deep into his
own heart, and road that law which the Almighty
has stamped upon the conscience and the com-
mon sense of mankind. As he stood upon that
deck, he remembered the honor, the dignity, and
the power of that glorious Republic which he
there represented. He looked upon that glorious
flag which he bore, and pointed to his guns. It
was a glorious tlang, indeed, thus to afford pro-
tection to all, the humbkst of our citizens, and
to all who may claim our protection throughout
the civilized woild. Cut is it any the less glo-
rious, or less a duty, before high heaven or the
world, to throw the protection of that giant arm
over the weak and defenseless citizens of other na-
tions, from lawless invasions by organized bodies
of our own citizens? Mr. President, put your-
self in his position, in view of all the facts, cir-
cumstances, and the exigencies, with which he
was surrounded, and what would you have done?
Had Commodore Paulding, when he arrived in
the harbor of San Juan, quietly folded his arms
as he stood upon his deck, and looked on, having
full power to prevent it, Nicaragua being in no
condition to resist it, but beseeching the Gov-
ernment of the United States to prevent it, and not
have interfered, would he not have been an acces-
sory to the crime ?
This brings me to the consideration of another
important question involved in this case,and that
is, did Commodore Paulding, by the act of cap-
turing and arresting Walker and his command on
the soil of Nicaragua, violate the territory ofNic-
aragua, or the rights of Nicaragua? No other
Government upon the face of the earth has a right
to complain. The President says truly that the
invaders of Nicaragua would have no right to
complain, in her name, of the invasion of her ter-
ritory. Put this case in the strongest light against
Commodore Paulding, and what is it? Flo has in-
flicted no injury upon Nicaragua, no injury upon
any human being; he has saved the lives of the
citizens of Nicaiagua, and perhaps the very ex-
istence of the Government itself. It must be con-
ceded on all hands, that if Commodore Paulding
has been guilty of any violation of law, it is the
merest technical violation in the world, a mere
imaginary injury which he has inflicted. Nica-
ragua not only did not complain, but she has rat-
ified the act. More than a week before the Pres-
ident of the United States assumed to pass his
censure upon Commodore Paulding, the letter of
the Minister of Nicaragua, addressed to the State
Department, had expressly waived any technical
right to complain which she might prefer against
the Government of the United States. She had
expressly declared that she looked upon the act
not as a violation of her territory, but as a friendly
net, directed to assist her in defending her terri-
tory and its inviolability.
Cut aside from the fact that Nicaragua assent-
ed in advance; aside from the fact that Nicaragua
has given her sanction and returned her sincere
thanks and acknowledgments, since the act was
done; I ask, upon the rules which govern the in-
tercourse of nations, whether Nicaragua could
have any right to complain, if she would ? I will
stand with the honorable Senator from Ohio, or
any other Senator on this floor, and maintain the
sacred inviolability of the territory of all neutral
nations against hostile invasions. I admit the
general rule of law to be that no State, with its
armed forces, may enter the soil, or within the
jurisdiction of another State, with hostile pur-
poses. But while 1 admit this to be the geneial
rule of the law, are there no exceptions ? There
is one exception, where express consent has been
j given m advance, as I maintain it was, in sub-
; stance, in this case. There is another, when the
I consentmay be presumed, from the circumstances
! and the necessities of the case, and may be sub-
j sequently ratified by the Government whose ter-
! ritory has been invaded. It is of the very essence
I of giving offense that the entry must be with hos-
1 tile and not with friendly intentions. Igo further,
i and maintain, that in cases of paramount neces-
; sity the forces of one nation may enter, not only
| without the assent, but even against the express
! refusal of the neutral Power, as in the cases to
: which I have already referred, of Commodore
| Dale, Captain Sterret, Commod ore Ilodgers, Com-
! modore Decatur, and Commander Ingrahym. So,
i too, in pursuing piratical expeditions they may
' enter upon neutral territory, and why ? Because
their entry is presumed not to be hostile, but to be
' friendly to the nation whose territory is entered.
Pirates and robbers, by the laws of all nations
are outlaws, and it is not to be presumed that anv
i nation intends to afford protection to pirates and
; outlaws; and you may enter on their soil for the
: purpose of arresting them. Such were the in-
: structions expressly given by the Government of
j the United States in the case of Commodore
| Porter.
: "If, m the pursuit of pirates found nl sea, tboy -dial! re~
> treat into the unsettled paits of the islands, ortoreiga tcui-
i tory, liberty is given to pursue them so long only as theie
1 ia reasonable prospect of being able to appreiitnd them."
