406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Origin of Slavery—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
who,.rich in every endowment that adorns the
female character, give assurance that this pat-
rimony of quiet and purifying virtues shall long
continue unflawed by the rude contact of the pub-
lic rostrums, or unsbamed by dabbling in the va-
garies of women's rights. I assert it in the name
of the younger sons of the South, the spes altera
Romas, the future hope of our Republic, held to
the memory of lofty deeds, and sworn to patriotic
service. But especially do I assert it in the name
and in vindication of a pure and enlightened cler-
gy, who sustain high purposes with high dignity,
and justify their ministry by the teachings which
their Master taught.
When, therefore, Mr. Chairman, the attempt
is made, in the name of religion, to put our moral
and social character under the ban of the world's
opinion; when made by the arm of fanaticism,
led by falsehood, to assail the institutions and en-
danger the peace of the South; it is neither out
of place, nor against propriety, for us to go even
to the armories of Christianity for a weapon of
defense. I trust, sir, that the same spirit of fair-
ness which sustained my reference to the primi-
tive sources of unerring wisdom and truth, and
guided the investigation into the other sources of
authority, will not Jail mc in further inquiries di-
rected to the record of the Gosnel, which time has
handed down to us as the voucher of the doctrines
of Christ.
On His advent, sir, slavery was a universal
fact, growing out of the rights laid down in the
original law, and acknowledged by every tribe
and nation, whether now lost in the darkness of
ages, or once figuring in the geographies of the
inhabited earth. Neither Ife, as the promulger of
the suppletory law, nor His apostles, as iis sub-
sequent heralds, ever denied the law in that par-
ticular, or preached in condemnation of either the
right or the fact. The founder of the new code
taught the unity of God in a trinity of persons,
lie taught the fall of man and the regeneration
through His merits. He enforced the necessities
of meekness, justice, temperance, and charity,
lie rebuked the pride of human will and of hu-
man intellect, and sustained all orders of men by
the doctrine th.it the highest of the spiritual \ ir-
tues can he linked with a lowiv estate,a chastened
will, and a trusting faith. l,1rom the summit of
that mount, to which every sincere Christian looks
for the law of his duty, lie, in minutest details,
uttered ail the offices of those who claim to be the
followers of his Gospel, but in nothing, save the
redemption of marriage from the bond of the Mo-
saic law, and in its consecration under a holier
form, did tie enjoin any innovation in the social
scheme. 1 Ic pt ovided ample means for the eman-
cipation of his creatures from the spiritual bond-
age; but nowhere did J Io proclaim the abolition of
legal or domestic slavery. He drew closer the
family tie—stripped the husband of much of his
irresponsible authoiity, and raised woman up in
the scale of social influence. lie inculcated good
workson all—each in his degree, and enjoined pu-
rity of life and respect for the fraternal authoiity
and the conjugal bond. This, and more, He has
left to us as memorials of a mission still spread-
ing through the civilized and uncivilized world.
But I ask to be pointed to the record, where lie
gave one word of inundate, where He uttered one
syllabic of reprobation regarding the relations of
master and slave—relations recognized by the Gov-
ernment under which His gfrspe! and its prpeepts
were dispensed. It is, on the contiary, a singular
and noteworthy fact that Hcumversally abstained
from any icprovmg allusion to them. He talked
to the doctors and of the doctors, never loath to
wrest the law to their own put poses, whether clad
in the Jewish gabaidine, or the New England
cloak. He talked to Pharisees, and of the Phar-
isees, whose self-righteousness hns lost no pre-
sumption by grafting on the Puritan stock. He
talked to hypocrites, and of hypocrites, whose
unbroken lineage has run through time, and con-
quered space from the shores of Goncsarcth to
the base of Plymouth rock. But I call for the
allegation of a single instance, when, in the midst
of Galilee, a conquered Jewish province, ruled by
a Roman procurator, with slavery existing under
the Mosaic law, and slavery existing under the
heathen law, lie once spoke to slaves or against
slavery. I find, on the other hand, that, on His
entrance into Capernaum, he heals the slavl of
the centurion, and has no rebuke for slavery, but
praises for the officer's faith.*
No, sir, nothing of condemnation, nothing of
even reproof from the Savior's lips, for the " vile
wretch,"—the " man stealer;" who, according to
the approved Yankee formula, "held his brother
man in bondage," If ever, Mr. Chairman, an
opportunity was offered to stamp with reproba-
tion, this lately devised curse, and ungodliness of
slavery, surely this healing of the centurion's
slave held out thatmost golden opportunity. Had
one of our pious go-betweens—one of our reli-
gious brokers here upo-n earth—but stood next
to the Savior, and found the chance of whisper-
ing his puritanic suggestion, well might He have
said to the Roman officer: " you profess that this
slave is ' endeared to you,' and yet you keep him
in bondage against my Father's law and mine.
You have appealed to the power which He gave
to me to raise him up from his bed of palsy, and
I have raised him up without money and without
price; will you not alike evince your acknowl-
edgment of my ministry, and your affection for
your slave, and restore him to that freeddm, of
which you deprived him, in defiance of nature, of
man, and of God No, sir; wrapped in His
own imperscrutable knowledge of all things—un-
aided even by the lights of our modern improvers,
not a word of rebuke, not one of remonstrance,
passes His Divine hps, but instead, come the
words of eulogy, that set up the soldier as a pat-
tern for Israel, whilst the right of the master and
the protection of the slave are sanctioned in the
faitn of the believer. It is vain for these godly
expounders of ours to speculate upon ignorance,
or rely on fanaticism to distort the teachings of
Christ to the supnoi tof their interested,malicious,
and selfish crusade against an institution devised
by the will of God, and accepted by the law of
man. In the words of the Prrctor, sir, non itn
script xm\ legis carmen—this is not the sacramental
language of either the Divine law, or of Him who
expounded its piecepts. In the multitude of sub-
jects upon which lie discoursed with His disci-
| pies, you find no mention of slavery; m matters
! upon which He gave them instruction and charge,
j never did Hebiuathe the name of slave except m
| the frequent use which 1 le makes of the it lations
I between master and slave to illustrate those be-
| tween God and His creatures.
i I therefore challenge our detractors to point
i out to us where lie condemned slavery, or de-
! nounced the master who owned the slave. In
what passage of His conferences with His disci-
ples? In what line of His preachings to the mul-
titudes* In what word of His mandates to His
I apostles, and in what last injunction, when He
I laid in their hands the destinies, not only of the
j world, but the destinies of the hereafter also of
j that world? On the contrary, sir, you find Him
: recognizing all the obligations of the social scheme
in the midst of which He lived, and moved; and
| taught all of them, clown to the payment of tribute
to Caesar, recurring even to His power of miracle
to provide the means of its payment, lie lecog-
nizes all the subordinations of political hie, and
| among these He specially recognizes the subjec-
j tion of the slave to the master, when, warning II is
j followers of the duty of faith in Him, He ex-
j pressly enforces IIis admonition by the dictum
I that "the disciple is not above his teacher, nor the
J slave (it is 6uv\os in the original text) above Ins
j master." In His foiesight of the influence of His
! mission on all the relations of heathen life, He tells
i His disciples that He has comc to set the father
' against the son, the daughter against the mother,
the fiiend against the friend. But I nowhere find
that lie told them that lie had come to overthrow
the standing order of things, that He had comc to
! stir the untutored passions of the slave, to break
j the tie that bound him to his master, and set him
I *0nce, for all, the fact is mentioned that, in
! Greek, avtipdrroAw is a slave by captivity in war;
| dovXos, a slave by birth; Ospdvuw, a servant, a Yan-
j kee " help a domestic, whether menial or
I servile; and lastly hktOcotqs, one that serves for
; wages or pay. The word " servant," as a ver-
i sion of Sov\o$, in King James's translation, is a
j refinement of language; for 6ov\o$ means " slave"
I and nothing but slave, so born.
up against his lawful authority. In that Divine
foresight of the dissensions which the adoption of
His creed by some, and its rejection by others,
would introduce in the family and the State, He
told His disciples He had come to bring, not peace
but the sword. But, sir, I am yet to find that He
ever commended that sword to the hand of the
slave, with the invitation—nay, with the injunc-
tion—to sheath it in the master's throat. If*there
be a record of it, it must be in some precepts of
the "anti-slavery god," and written down in
some edition " anti-slavery bible," which
northern fanatics have created for their rule of
faith. To the*chapters of that bible of intrusive,
meddlesome, and ever dissatisfied contrivers of
isms, was reserved the high privilege of correcting
the laches of the Savior, and of putting, in His
holy name, the torch and the knife in the hands
of our slaves—pointing the former to our roofs,
and the latter to our throats.
Well, sir, if the Savior did not reprove, nay,
did not even mention legal or domestic slavery;
if He left no instructions and no charge to His dis-
ciples touching either its abolition or its sinful-
ness, let us see whether those disciples did not,
upon the organization of the visible Church, ami
its entwining with the offices of a new form of
society, either from their own authority, or from
that of their Master, denounce the institution.
Open the book of eternal truth, and you will find
that in His teachings He never went beyond the
race of Abraham.
To them the promise had been made, and to
them He came in its fulfillment. When, theiefore,
He had revealed himself m the form of human-
ity; when He had forced upon them the testimony
of His mission, and of Ilis power, by a con-
cordance with prophecy, and by His working of
muacles; when, in the prospect of His death,
which He knew to be impending, He gave the
last of His charges to His immediate followers;
among them was the injunction to preach the
Gospel to all the nations of the earth. In the dis-
cluu^e of their duty, that Gospel they did preach,
and preached it as its precepts had been orally
delivered to them. If, then, in His mandates
He had enjoined them against slavery, or if, by
virtue of some grant of power not recorded, and
which might have been made to them, they had
found anything contrary to His instiuctions and
His charge, in the fact and usage of slavery,un-
questionably would they have recorded the fact
in His Gospel oft ruth; unquestionably would they
have raised their voice against the continuance of
an institution of which they knew God Himself
to have been the founder, and warning a slave not
to obey a master who had neither religious nor
legal right over him; unquestionably would they
have rebuked, or rather condemned the master,
not merely for claiming obedience, but for hold-
ing his "brother man " in that condition which de-
manded obedience. Now, sir, we find nothing of
the kind As their Mas*fei had abstained in the case
of the centurion, so they abstained in the general
fact of relations between master and slave. Against
this no contrivance of malice and no refinement of
sophistry can avail. The Savior taught for a pe-
riod of nearly three years, and of these teachings
He left no record written byHimself. The task of
embodying them m what we now know as the
canon of the Nesv Testament, devolved upon Ilis
ministers. As they received so must they have
handed down to us. Now, sir, no where will you
find slavery mentioned by them as an abomina-
tion and a sin. They have not so handed it down
to us; they therefore did not thus receive it from
the Savior's bps. But if not thus laid down,
either from the oral declarations of the Savior or
the written record of His words, slavery cannot,
therefore, without perversion, be called an abom-
ination and a sin. And yet wc are seriously told,
within the last three weeks we have heard it sanc-
timoniously repeated, that slavery is a damning
sin against the Divine law; a hot-bed of corrup-
tion, tainting everything within its atmosphere;
everything, even to the most sacred relations of
the domestic circle. Whence, would I ask, do those
kind men of the North, who are not touched by
the blight or cursed by the sin of sUvery, derive
their peculiar contiibutions to the stock of mor-
ality? From what quarter of this Confederacy,
under what state of morals, come those daily and
