1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
As the case of Commodore Porter has been re-
ferred to, I may as well state that, Commodore
Potter, when he was put on his trial for the oc-
currences at Foxardo, was charged in the speci-
fication, not for entering; on the soil of a neutral
territory, but for capturing the citizens of Spain,
and inflicting injury on them, and divers acts of
hostility. But again, sir, Yattel, in speaking
upon this subjcct, says:
" When, therefore, an army find themselves exposed to
imminent desti action, or unable to return to their own coun-
try, unless ihey p.i^s thiough noutial territory, they have a
mht to pswsm sopite of the sovereign, and to foiee their wav,
sword in hand.*' ***** "Extieme
necessity may even authonze the temporary seizure of a
neutral town, and the putting a gairison therein, with a
view to cover ourselves fiom the enemy, or to prevent the
execution of Ins designs against that town, when the sover-
eign h not able ti> dclend it.'1—Vattel, book 0, chapter 7,
section 10}.
But, Mr. President, if there arc, as it is claimcd
by the friends of General Walker, some circum-
stances in his history which ought to rescue his
name and his command from the odious epithet
of being guilty of piracy, still, it must be acknowl-
edged, as is stated by the President, in his mes-
sage, that he has been guilty of "the crime of
setting on foot, or providing* the means for a mil-
itary expedition withm the United States, to make
war against a foreign State with which we arc at
peace"—u crime of an " aggravated and dangerous
character." It was a crime against Nicaragua;
and so far as that is concerned, it was a crime in
the nature of treason, for it aimed at the subver-
sion of the Government itself, it was a crime
against the Government of the United States also,
in usurping the war-making power of the United
States, which belongs to Congress alone, and so
far it is m its nature of the degree of treason
against the Government of the United States.
Rut, sir, 1 undertake to justify the act of Com-
modore Paulding on a still stiongei ground; and
this brings me to the point to winch my honor-
able friend from Ohio has called mv attention.
There is no writer upon the law of nations, I be-
lieve, who does not maintain that, if one State
knowingly suffers its citizens to organize for the
purpose of carrying on war against a nation at
peace with it, and it has the power to hinder it, it
is a just cause of war if it does not hinder and
prevent it. Bring this case home to ourselves.
The President of the United States is right when
he declares " that people never existed who would
call any other nation to a stricter account than we
should ourselves, for tolerating lawless expedi-
tions from their shores to make war upon any por-
tion of our territories."
Suppose that some General Walker, for months
in the British provinces of Canada, should be en-
gaged m setting on foot and preparing the means
for a military expedition to sail and take posses-
sion of, and burn down, the city of Buffalo, in
the State of New York; that these facts aie well
known to the Government of Canada; that they
have the power at their command by which they
can prevent it, but they suffer it to set sail, to arrive
in the port of Buffalo, and destroy the city: will
the honorable Senator from Ohio pretend that that
would not be a just cause of war by the United
States against Great Britain* Puffendorf, to whom
I will again refer, lays down the rule in this lan-
guage:
" No community, whether civil or otherwise, is obliged by
any action of paitieular mcmbei?, without some culpable
act or omission of its own."—See Grotius, 1.2, c. £1, a. 2.
But among the several ways that common-
wealths are involved m wars, from the injuries
committed by their subjects, he mentions, as first :
among them, sufferancc, and uses this language: j
As to ihe matter of juifffrrtnoe, it w manifest that tho I
person who knoweth the oommi-Mon of a crime, and hath
power to hinder it, without apparent danger of greater evil >
by doing Jt, and is obliged to do it, mu-'t be supposed to be i
guilty of the crime himself. For it i> wce^ar> the knowl- 1
edge'ol the fact should he attended with the power to hinder
it; one of the^e separately not being suriicient to commu-
nicate any shaio in theginlt, and the governors of common- i
wealths aie presumed to know what their subjects fie- ,
quently and openly commit; and tii"ir powei to hinder it ,
is always supposed, unless the want of it be manifestly
proved."—See Grotiiis, 1. 2, c. 21, s. 3, 4, 5, 6. ;
Governments, therefore, like individuals, may j
be held responsible, not only for what they do, !
but for what they omit to do; not only for what !
i# done by their expiess authority, but for that
which is done by their own citizens to the knowl-
edge of the Government, and when the Govern-
ment has the power to hinder it. Let me take this
case: by the Constitution of the United States no
one of the States of this Union can declare war.
The war-making power is in Congress alone; but
suppose the State of New York, notwithstanding
the Constitution of the United States, should, in
fact, raise a large army for the purpose of taking
possession of the provinces of Canada, and should
invade its territories, take possession of its towns,
and subjugate its people: would it not be a just
cause of war by Great Britain against the (Gov-
ernment of the United States? Would not war
actually exist between the two nations? In vain
would the Federal Government disavow the act;
in vain would our Minister at St. James hold up
the Constitution of the United States, and say that
by the Constitution Now Yoik has no right to de-
clare war—the war-making power rests with the
Government of the United States alone. Sir, the
unanswerable, the self-evident, the overwhelming
reply, would come: '• New York is a part of the
United States; the citizens of New York are cit-
izens of the United States, and they did make war.
New York is a part of the United States, and it
is the business of the Federal Government to see
that New York obeys the Federal Constitution;
it is the business of tho Federal Government, and
not the business of Great Britain." It would be in
vain to disavow the act; in vain to declare that the
State of New York had no power, by the Consti-
tution of the United States, to make war upon the
British territory. If this Government may be
involved m war by suOertng us own citizens to
organize illegal expeditions for the purpose of
waging war upon a friendly Government—if that be
ajust cause of waragaiu&t this Government—then
I maintain the docinno to be inevitable that the
Governmentofthe United States is bound to exer-
c.se every power that it possesses to arrest that
war at the very earliest moment, and to prevent
its further pio^ress.
I hold, therefore, that in this case, knowing that
this expedition existed; having full power to hinder
it; besought by Nicaragua to do so, Nicaragua
being in no condition to" resist it, we were bound
by every principle of the law of nations, every
dictate of common sense,every precept of religion
and humanity, to an est it at the earliest stage of
its progress. I maintain that if Commodore Pauld-
ing, in that exigency, and within the harbor of
San Juan, when he had this command of General
Walker completely within his power, and within
the reach of his guns, had done otherwise, he
would have become accessory to the crane. Rep-
resenting this nation, as he did, there on that
ground, if he had refused to arrest him and his
command, he would have commitu d the Govern-
ment of the United States to the very war winch
Walker was waging against the Government of
Nicaiagua From tho hour that he should so
refuse, every advance made by General Walker
would bean advance by our permission; every
blow he struck would be a blow struck by our own
citizens, because we did not withhold it. Every
shot he made would be fired by our permission;
and every drop of blood that he shed would stam
our hands.
Sir, in that exigency, Commodore Paulding
could not have done otherwise than he did, with-
out bringing dishonor upon the Government of
the United States, upon its good faith, and its in-
tegrity. Nicaragua mightcomplain,indeed,that
we suffered this lawless expedition to violate her
teriitorial jurisdiction; but she not only does not
complain, she has no right to complain that we
have withdrawn it from her jurisdiction. She
might complain, indeed, that these forces from the
United States were permitted to burn down the
dwellings of her citizens, and to take their lives;
but she has no right to complain because we re-
strained them from making any further progress
in this lawless war against her. She might, in-
deed, complain that we suffered the tiger to be un-
chained, but not that we chained him up again.
She might, indeed, complain that, by our own cul- ;
pable act, when we had the power to hinder it, we j
te let slip the dogs of war;" but certainly she has |
no right to complain that we seized them and called j
them home again. |
Sir, I maintain that this was a ease of as im-
perious necessity as any case of self-defense. It
was of vital necessity to save the lives and prop-
erty of the peaceful citizens of the Republic of
Nicaragua; and of vital necessity to save the very
Government itself. It was of equally vital neces-
sity to save the honor, the integrity, and the good
faith of the Government of the United States; and,
perhaps, to save us from a war with Nicaragua,
who, from her very feebleness, might become the
mostpowerfulofaaversaries,enlistingnotonly the
sympathy, but perhaps the support, of France,
Great Britain, and the world, in arms against us
for tolerating such expeditions against our peace-
ful neighbors.
Sir, let me strip this transaction of all its high-
sounding titles; let me tear off all the parapher-
nalia of war; let there be no flags, no armament,
no drums beating; bring it home to a simple trans-
action between individuals, and how does it stand ?
There is et maxim of the law under which we live,
in every State, that a man's home is his castle;
no person may trespass upon it; no intruder may
enter it; even the officers of the law may be for-
bidden an entrance. Let me put this case: sup-
pose the head of a family, or the head of a plan-
tation, should be informed that his own sons, or
members of his family, or others for whose acts
he might deem himself responsible, had begun
and set on foot an expedition, for the purpose of
carrying it on against the peaceful dwelling on a
neighboring farm or plantation, and that their pur-
pose was in the night time to set fire to the dwell-
ing, and burn it to the ground, with its sleeping
inmates; suppose the head of this family, in-
formed of these facts, should at once procure a
force for the purpose of preventing this expedi-
tion from being carried on to its terrible consum-
mation; they escape; he pursues them; he follows
them upon the highway; he arrives upon the
highway justin front of the premises, when, with
their toiches all lighted, they are ready to set fire
to the dwelling: must he stop at the gate? Is
there any law, human or divine, which forbids
his entering upon the premises ? Could he justify
himself by saying: " 1 did not authorize it; I en-
deavored to prevent it; but I have no right to tres-
pass upon my neighbor's premises, though I go to
save his life, my sons from crime, and myself
from infamy; my neighbor's home is his castle;
itis sacred from all intrusion ?" No, sir; he would
become an accessory to the guilt, if he did not
enter the premises, and even enter into the house,
for the purpose of preventing the commission
of the crime. Would any action of trespass lie
against him? Is there a judge in Christendom
who would notcharge the jury, if they were called
to try it as a mere question of technical trespass,
that, from the circumstances of the case, the jury-
might presume that he entered with the permis-
sion of the owner, and that no action of trespass
would lie against him ?
Mr. President,! desire the attention of the Sen-
ate but a very few moments longer, while I run a
parallel between the case of Commodore Paulding
and the action of the present Administration in re-
lation to it, and the case of General Jackson and
the action of the Administration of Mr. Monroe.
General Jackson entered the territory of Spain
with an armed force, not only without its consent,
but against the express remonstrance of its author-
ities. The Governor General, writing to General
Jackson, says:
" 1 have solemnly to protest against this proceeding, as an
offence against iny soveicign; and i do exhort you, and re-
quire of von, forthwith to withdraw from the same, in de-
fault of winch, and in case of a continuance of your aggres-
sion, I shall lepel torce by force."
In this case Nicaragua invites the act. Nica-
ragua tenders its sincere thanks and acknowledg-
ments to the Government of the United States for
what Com modore Paulding has done, as a friendly
act towards the Government of Nicaragua. The
reasons given by General Jackson, quoting from
his own letter, I beg leave to state:
"This is the third time the American troops have been
compelled toenterPenfcacola from the same causes. Twice
had the enemy been expelled, and the place left in quiet pos-
session of those who had permitted tho irregular occupancy.
This time it must be held ifntil Spain "has the power or will
to maintain her neutiaiity. This is justifiable, on the im-
mutable puneiples of self-defense. The Government of the
United States is bound to protect her citizens; but weak
would be all her effmts, and ineffectual (he best advised
measures, if the Florida* are to be free to every enemy, and
on the pretext of policy or necessity, Spanish fortresses are
to bo opened to their use, and every aid and comfort afforded.
I have been explicit, to pieclude the necessity of a tedious
negotiation. My lesotution is fixed ; and X have strength
enough to enforce it."
The reasons assigned by Commodore Paulding
