1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Origin of Slavery—Mr. Keitt.
Ho, of Reps.
hourly revelations of crime which appal the coun-
try, and blur its history with the darkest record
of social corruption and social guilt? Why, sir,
from the pure, saintly, and immaculate regions
of the land not tainted by this abomination of
slavery! There the most complicated theory of
crime finds the meet representative, often theready
agent to carry it into practice; and this not in the
sentina Beipublicm; not in the drains and sewers
•which swelter with immorality and vice, but in
the high places of society, where the corruption
and the vice—not begotten by our curse of sla-
very, nor induced by the influence of its blight—
move and live unpunished and unchecked. It
were barely doing justice to the better claims of
our section to institute comparison between the
morality of the South and North. The very slaves
whom they hold up to us as reacting causes of cor-
ruption, in retribution of the condition in which
the law of man and of God has placed them, might
well challenge comparison with any laboring class,
nor shrink from their standard, whether in the
moral or religious scale.
The old law, sir, admitted the slave to a parti-
cipation in the rites of the Jewish temple, but it
did not relieve him from the obligation of bond-
age which it had itself imposed. Our usage, ac-
cepting the law that institutes the slave, allows
him to benefit by all the dispensations of the
Christian Church. The initiatory rite which was
administered to him in the peculiar form of the
Jewish creed, is now administered to him in the
waters of baptism, which is the Christian substi-
tute for the Hebrew "sign." The partaking by
him of the ordinance of the Passover, which was
the great Jewish remembrancer, is among us ex-
• tended to him in the Christian communion which
supplanted the Jewish type. In one word, and
for all that our systematic tradueers may utter in
falsehood, the marriage rite is free to the race,
wherever thair inclination or choice may tend. In-
deed, sir, I do not know, that, even among our
blacks, the bond is not held in greater sacredness
than it has sometimes seemed to be among then-
betters at the North; for, unless I greatly err, the
dockets of more than one free State bear witness
to the zeal with which some, at least, of our white
reverend friends practically commcnt the precept,
" Whom God hath joined, let no man put asun-
der." My high regard for the virtues of the sex
forbids the supposition that the wives of our meek
and charitable parsons can justify applications to
courts of jtfttice for human decrees to reverse the
Divine injuction, and make twain what marriage
has made " one flesh." I am compelled, there-
fore, to think that, useful as these reverend lords
may be to foster domestic agitation and kindle
civil feuds, they would be but sorry, if not dan-
gerous exemplars, in this respect, for the morality
of our black preachers, for such we have among
us, who are not yet trained to dexterous evasions
of the moral precepts.
But, sir, recrimination is not within the scope
of my remarks; and I resume my vindication of
the fact and right of slavery on purely religious
grounds, and underpurely religious authority. I
have laid down, sir, that neither from the decla-
rations of the Master, nor fiom the teachings of
the apostles, can slavery, without perversion of
both, be called an abomination and a sin. That
it is not an abomination is an inconeussible fact,
because it was instituted by the Almighty him-
self, and the institution has remained unrepealed;
that it is not a sin is equally unshaken, because
it lias been sanctioned by the silence of the Sa-
vior, and recognized by His apostles, speaking in
His name. I find them in their own record of
their acts holding a first council of the Church; 1
see them, by virtue of the power received from
their Head, engaged in debates, and making de-
cisions in matters of faith; I see them, among other
acts, after solemn deliberations, repudiating the
■tenth verse of the seventeenth chapter of Genesis;
and this, on essential grounds, because the bap-
tism of water was one of those perfections of the
law substituted for the baptism of blood. But in
that council, in those acts, I see no reversal, no
mention, even, of the forty-sixth verse of the
twenty-fifth chapter of Leviticus, which, in the
words of God, and with the sanction of His will,
makes slavery " a perpetual inheritance" by the
precept of a law which the Messiah came to fulfill,
not destroy. I go further, and I find that, of the
apostles, some, in the discharge of their ministry,
confined it to their immediate neighborhood, whilst
others traveled into remoter lands in prosecution
of their missionary task. Paul was the most
zealous and active. Bearing the word to the in-
habitants of many provinces, in various countries,
he had found them pagans, and he left them Chris-
tians in practice and faith. Deeply versed in the
law of the covenant, divinely inspired with the
spiritof the gospel, not unacquainted with the pre-
cepts of the code, he had occasion, m his mis-
sions, to approach and decide many of the most
intricate questions growing out of the doctrines
of the new creed, and the institutes of political so-
ciety. Thoconditions of Christianity, embraced
by a wife and repudiated by a husband, adopted
by a mother and refused by the children, preached
to a slave and rejected by the master, suggested
new ideas, and startled many scruples in many a
mind.
Hence, sir, we find that after he had left them,
to pass on to other theaters of action, he is fre-
quently appealed to on some of the most delicate
of domestic questions—among them, this poor
one of slavery—arising between individuals, who,
bound together by the civil law of the land, were
severed byreligiousdifferencesoffaith. Well,sir,
what lesson does his example supply to the inno-
vators of our holier days? In allcases, with the
clearness and precision, which, had he not been
an inspired agent, would have marked him as one
of the proudest of human intellects, he explains
and resolves; he exhorts and enjoins; he permits
and forbids. But in no instance on the question
of slavery, does he utter one lepioving word. As
his Master had neither condemned nor rebuked,
so he abstains from condemnation and rebuke.
As his Master had not disclaimed, so he does
not breathe a word against Jewish slavery, con-
secrated by the law ot' God; not a word against
pagan slavery, sanctioned by the law of the code.
The doctrine of the code, sir, on a past occasion,
I fully,and I trust unanswerably, explained. The
doctrine of the Gospel, as delivered by the Savior
on this subject, I think that I have as fully and as
unanswerably explained. But, besides the em-
bodiment of precepts in the Gospel, the apostles
hav.e left us, in the shape of acts, a record of their
ministerial functions, and under the form of
epistles, a transcript of their pastoral instructions
to the flocks which they had gathered from the
various provinces of earth. In those instructions
is embraced every variety of questions, social and
domestic, which could arise in political societies,
infinitely leas ramified and complicated than are
our systems of polity. To these instructions,
therefore, I now procccd to appeal. A reference
to the first apostolic council, consigned in the
history of the Acts, shows that though various
questions of political life had been touched upon,
that of slavery did not enter into debate. For
such «. discussion, sir, the time had, no doubt, not
yet com A But it did come, and come teeming
with inquiries suggested by the conscience, or
urged by the faith of the new converts. Among
those was this mysterious question of slavery,
the solution of which bailies the most subtile in-
genuities of man, for the very reason, perchance,
that it is not of his creation and his establishment.
Well, sir, the question came up, and what does
the record show? Why, they go to the recoid of
that word which shall not pass away; they scru-
tinize the rights which itallows; the duties which
it prescribes; the obligations which it imposes,
and instantly the question is settled in the mind
of the Apostle, and the adjustment is uttered, un-
der the spirit of the Divine Master himself. " Ser-
vants, (JovXot, slaves,) be obedient to them that are
your masters,according to the flesh, with fear and
trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto
Christ; not with eye-service, as men-pleascrs,
but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of
God." (Ephesians, chap, vi., verse 5.) And here,
sir, will you notice that the inducement, nay, the
reason for the obedience of the slave, is, that it
is " doing the will of God?" IIow else could it
be, sir? How else, that the Divine Spirit should
breathe the words of Divine truth ? Had not the
will of God been expressed in the original law?
Had not that original law established and regu-
lated the conditions of slavery ? Had not those
conditions been carried out and maintained, when
the Savior came with the supplemental law ?
Had not the Savior, when he proclaimed that
supplemental law, declared that its. object and'es-
sence were " to fulfill—not to destroy ?" Did He
destroy ? Did He mention the portion of the ori-
ginal law which instituted slavery? No, sir; no !
Well enough did the Apostle know that He had
not. That His Divine lips had been sealed into si-
lence as to an institution which His Father, in Hia
wisdom, had sanctioned, and which He had not,
in His eternal council, missioned him to abrogate.
Hence, sir, no hesitation, and no doubt; ana un-
der the inspired pen of the Apostle, the duty and
the obligation are sheerly defined. " Slaves,"
(I restore the perversions of King James's trans-
lators,) '' slaves—SovXoi—be obedient to them that
are your masters; doing the will of God."
But this question of slavery, under the dispen-
sation of the Gospel, was one which touched every
man at almost every point of his existence. Un-
like our pragmatic advisers of the North—whose
forefathers, by a decision of their Supreme Court,
blundered into an abolition of slavery, and there-
fore can have but an intrusive concern in this
question—the Ephesians owned slaves in their
midst; and hence their anxiety to reconcile their
municipal rights with their religious obligations.
But this anxiety was not experienced in Ephesus
alone. Wherever slavery was found, and the
master, or the slave, a convert to the new creed,
these very questions of faith and scruples of con-
science arose. Hence you find the Colossians, to
whom the light of the Gospel had been dispensed;
who claimed the honor of founding one of the
seven primitive churches in Asia; the depositaries
of the faith in its earlier purity, also appealing to
the apostle on this all-pervading question of sla-
very, which touched them in their dearest social
and religious interests. As it was settled for the
Ephesians, so was it settled for the Colossians.
Slaves obey, &c. The mandate is peremptory; it
is one of obedience to the master, and it implies
his right to enforce it. It settles, therefore, the
right of the master ill the tenure of the slave,
within the limitations which the Apostle assigns,
and which the statutes of the land have, in some
form, recognized. And here itstrikes me that the
injunction of the Apostle is, that the slave shall
" bide the ordinance of God" in singleness of
heart. How long would that condition continue
to exist, did those who have taken upon them-
selves the patronage of the temporal and spiritual
welfare of our slaves, possess the power and the
authority to carry out their very philanthropic
schemes? Why, sir, that very "singleness of
heart," which is the appanage of our slaves, they
madly, ruthlessly, seek to destroy, or pervert into
an instrument of baleful malice. They preach re-
bellion, too, to the slave against the master, whom
the law and the will of God have placed overhim.
It is well, sir, for the interest as well as the
character of the South, that the indefeasible Word
of God has spoken a curse on those who preach
false gospel, or pervert the precepts of His law.
Were any further proof needed of such preach-
ing of the Gospel, and such perversion of the law,
I know not where it can be looked for in its most
conclusive form, save in the epistle of Paul to
his favorite disciple. If no other muniment for
the rights of the slaveholder but that one could
be found in the canon of Scripture, that alone
were amply sufficient to fence them against the
assaults of either fanatic or hypocrite. There is
authority from the Apostle of the Gentiles, which
commends itself with irreversible force and power
to the honesty of such of our northern friend^ as
are honest in this question of slavery; and that
authority speaks unmistakably in his epistles to
Timothy. They embrace a variety of instructions
furnished to the missionary in his ministry to
the Church of Ephesus. Almost every relation
of life the Apostle draws within the purview of
his sagacious mind, and makes the subject of his
pastoral charges to the young Lcvite. Among
them are those for the " men-stealers," and that
northern comity would apply to us; but among:
them are those also for "liars," and that looks
unerringly to some of our good brethren of the
North; but in the whole compages of those in-
structions and charges, I find not a single one
against slavery. On the contrary, for fear it
