2470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
prices, and the money appropriated within those
limits; and in addition thereto a competent sum
to buy sites. That was the general and definite
appropriation, and ten per cent, was added to all
that to pay superintendence, and other expenses
©fa similar nature. The money was appropriated
ill 1856, simply upon the condition and proviso—
a very proper one—that the Secretary of the
Treasury should not be at liberty to expend this
money, or to proceed in the construction of these
buildings, until the Legislatures of the respective
States in which they were authorized to be con-
structed should release the Government from tax-
ation forever. In some instances (in one, T think
1 may say I know) that release was given in
proper time, and when there were about twenty
million dollars surplus in the Treasury at the end
of the month of June of the last fiscal year, when
there was no anticipation of any difficulties in the
monetary affairs of the country, no expectation of
a deficiency in the Treasury. But, notwithstand-
ing all that, the Secretary of the Treasury chooses
to exercise a dispensing power m regard to that
law.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Prion]
has gone farther than any other gentleman in this
debate. lie says he thought they were improper
and injudicious laws anyhow; and in the case of
those appropriations in 1836, lie actually intended
to move a reconsideration; but was prevented from
doing it because he was told the House of Rep-
resentatives certainly would not pass them. Lie
thinks the appropriations were injudicious, and
ought never to have passed. I suppose that is
superadded to the other arguments which have
been used, that executive officers ought to have
some discretion where they think the public in-
terest would not, on the whole, be promoted.
Who is to judge of what the public interest re-
quires? That is the gist of the question. Is it
Congress, or is it the Executive? if Congiess,
instead of three or four hundred thousand dollars,
do not know the amount,) had appropriated
10,000,000, they had the power to do ho. They
o it at their discretion, under their responsibility
to their constituents and their country. It is not
for either the President or the Secretary of the
Treasury,it seems to me,unless some discretion
be vested in them by the law itself, to exercise a
dispensing power in regard to one or all these ob-
jects. It is a violation of principle for an officer
of the Government, who is directed to execute an
act of Congiess, to say that he thinks the public
interest would not be much advanced by it. He
does not put it on the ground that, until this re-
vulsion took place, theie was no money in the
Treasury. Everybody knows there was a sur-
plus. Everybody knows that the tanfi* which was
passed at the very close and heel of the session,
the last night of the last session, without debate
or consideration scarcely of any sort., was passed
on the ground that they anticipated $50,000,000
of excess last year, unless that act wnc p.^sed;
and that was contemplated to leduce it only fifteen
or twenty million doliais. Some said more, and
some less. Some experienced fmanciorsthought
the reduction of duties, in the condition of the
trade of the country, might increase the levenue
instead of diminishing it, inasmuch as it would
tend to bring in a gieater amount of foreign mer-
chandise.
Now, the point I mean to urge is, what justifi-
cation, what excuse in principle, can be made for
the exercise of that dispensing power by the fcVc-
rctai y of the Treasury? I do not mean anything
particularly with regard to htm, because 1 suppose
it has the approval of the President; but, [ ask,
what authority has the President to authorise the
exercise of such dispensing power? I have not
said anything on this subject heretofore, because
whatever might have been the circumstances un-
der which tins omission took place when there
was money in the Treasury, I supposed that, in
fact, now, in the condition of the public finances,
it would be proper that the localities which fJt a
particular interest m them, the public service not
being apparently suffi ring, bhould not, under the
circumstances of the country, press them. But
since the question has been stirred, and debate has
aiisen, doctrines have been avowed that I do not
think can be sustained. The justification set up
by the Senator from Ohio, I do not think 
Mr.PUGH. I said that was good enough jus-
tification for my vote—not anybody else's,
Mr. BELL. But this seems to be the notion
that prevails generally, so far as we may judge
from the debate that has taken place.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Tennessee
is very much mistaken, I think, if he supposes
any of us believe there is a dispensing power in
the Secretary of the Treasury or the President of
the United States, to abstain from carrying out a
law of Congress. I will venture to say that if
there had been any money in the Treasury, the
Secretary of the Treasury would have carried out
every work for which there was an appropria-
tion.
Mr. BELL. I made my remarks predicated on
the confidentunderstandmg that there was abund-
ance of money, a surplus in the Treasury, but yet
he did not proceed.
Mr. HUNTER. There was no necessity for
his proceeding at once. Everybody knows that
th is crisis came on the country unexpected, though
there were some who might have been sagacious
enough to foresee it. Does the Senator suppose
that the Secretary of the Treasury supposed the
Treasury was to be m this condition when he was
buying in stock? It came upon all of us unex-
pectedly. Now he has not money enough to meet
all appropriations. He has to select. Here is
one class of appropriations for which the Govern-
ment faith js pledged. If he does not expend
money on them, the faith of the Government is
violated. Here is another class of appropriations
for which the public faith is not pledged, and in
discriminating between them, he chooses to take
those which will save public faith, and if he does
not expend on the others, it is because he has not
means to expend on them. If he had, I believe
ho. would have applied the money to every one of
them.
Mr. BELL. Under those circumstances, I
should impute no blame to him. That was after
lie had time to sec the condition of the country;
but he had six: or eight or nine months within
which to make contracts and commence the con-
struction of t he buildings, when the Treasury was
not only full, but it was supposed that it would
continue full. After the revulsion commenced,
the Secretary acted on the general supposition that
many did that it was a mere panic, that there was
no reason for it. After he became convinced there
was some reason for it, lie might have been just-
ified in his action; but still up to that time he had
abundance of money.
Mr. HUNTER. No doubt the Secretary in-
tended during the fiscal year to commence it in
good time. 11 doe-? not follow that when you make
an appropi iation you aie to commence the ex-
penditure the day after. There is a reasonable
divert !ion.
Mr. UELL. My friend is wrong again. The
fisi'tl year was 165(5-57; but this appropriation
did uo'. extend to any one year. He might not
cliooie to exemte it in the year, if he could not
find the means of miking what he thought an
available and judicious contract. He might as-
sume that us a around.
Mr. SEIDELL. Will the Senator from Ten-
nessee peimit me, to make an explanation on this
subject ? in all these cases of appropriations for
custom-houses,and court-houses,there are certain
preliminaries which occupy, necessarily, a gieat
deal of time. First, the Secietaiy of the Treasury
has to apply to the different officers of the Gov-
ernment, m that section of the country, for their
advice in relation to the proper sites to be se-
lected. He has a report upon that subject. He
probably may send a commissioner to examine.
I have had some little experience, and I am en-
abled to state, that in objects which thoSecretary
of the Treasury was nor only willing, but anx-
ious to carry out, very great delay occurred from
that caus°. Then, when the site is fixed upon,
and the price is agi<-ed to, but no actual contract
made, it is necessary to obtain a cession of ju-
nsdiction from the State in which that site is situ-
ated, and an exemption from taxation. All these
prehmmaiy fnimahties must be passed through
before any expenditure is made on the work.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. And then the plans have
to be agreed upon.
i Mr. SEIDELL. Yes, sir. 1 think this expla-
nation will enthvly satisfy the Senator from Ten-
nessee that there was no mtentionalevasion on the
part of the Secretary, i will venture to say thnt,
in every case, he has exorcised the pi ope r dili-
gence to carry into effect the will of Congress,
until he discovered that the state of the Treasury
was such as made it imperatively necessary to
suspend all these works.
Mr. TOOMBS. To show you the singular in-
appropriateness of the course of the Senator from
New York in moving this amendment, implying
censure on the Secretary of the Treasury, he has
not heretofore called on the Secretary to know
why these particular works have not been built.
Here he calls upon him to execute the law of 1856
and 1857. I have the act of 1856 here, and I will
take some of these appropriations. I will take the
State of Tennessee. There was one for Knox-
ville. It was passed in August, 1856. I believe
the Legislature of Tennessee did not meet until
November, 1S3T. I will ask my honorable friend
from Tennessee if I am light in that?
Mr. BELL. It met in the fall of the same year.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Legislature of Tennessee
met last November, eighteen months after the
passage of the appropriation.
Mr. BELL. I said I had not inquired into what
were the causes, because, in the present condition
of the country, I was not disposed to press it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was merely calling the at-
tention of the Senate to the injustice of such an
amendment, implying censure without knowing
a single fact about it. ft was very easy for the
Senator from New York to call on the Secretary
of the Treasury to know why he had not ex-
ecuted the acts of 1856 and 1857, instead of intro-
ducing an amendment to compel him to do it,
without ever taking the, trouble to ascertain why
it was not done. The law of 185G provides—
u That no money heicby approptiafecl shall be used or ap-
plied for the piu pose-! mentioned, until a vnhd title to the land
fnr the «ite of such buildings in each ea.-e, t-ball be vested
in the United States, and nimi the State shall als-o duly ic-
le.isu and relinquish to the Unit ""(1 States tlm i ij>!it to ta\ or
m any way assfs-y said cite, or the propeily ot' the [tinted
States that may he thereou riming the time that the said
United States shall be or remain the owner theteof."
Therefore, I say, as a part of this case, that it
was impossible for Mr. Cobb, without violating
the law, to have moved a peg, in reference to a
portion of these sites, until within the last ninety
days, or since the Tennessee Legislature m<H. I
do not know that they ceded title then. They
may have done so. That, is to be inquired into
at the Treasury Department. There is another
clause of the act of 1856 which may exclude some
of these appropriations. Here it is:
"Provided, That no money shall be expended under this
act foi the election of a custom house where theduneseol-
leeu-d do not equal the expense of collection."
I think it very likely that under that provision
some of these custom-houses will never be built;
and yet the Senator from New York calls upon
the Secretary of the Treasury to execute the law.
if he means to build the custom-houses 
Mr. KING. To execute the law with all its
conditions.
Mr. TOOMBS. It ought then to appear to the
Senate of the United States that the Secretary has
failed or refused to do so before the adoption of
this amendment. The non-building of those cus-
tom-houses may be an execution of the law. ft
has not been made to appear by that Senator that
the law has not been executed, because it has not
been made to appear that the preliminary meas-
ures which were necessary before he could expend
a single dollar without violating a law, have ever
taken place; and it does not appear that it could
have taken place. This was appropriated on the
3d of March, 1857. It was impossible to get the
assent of his own State, whose Legislative did
not meet until the November or December after-
wards.
Mr. KING-. They meet on the first Tuesday
of January.
Mr. TOOMBS. Until January, the act of 1857
could not be executed.
Mr. KING. Eighteen hundred and fifty-six.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was speaking of the sceorsd.
act.
Mr. KING. Exactly.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 went through the actof 3556,
and said that,as to all that class in thcactoi'1857,
it was impossible to execute any of them, even
in h:^ own State, until the Legislature met in Jan-
iuuv, 1858. He could not do it. It v.vis against
the law to do it. Therefore, I say it does not ap-
pear that the Secretary has failed to execute the
law, for aught that appears to the Senate- There
