1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill for the ad-
mission of Minnesota into the Union.
Mr. SL1DELL. I presume now, the Senator
from Michigan will make the motion to adjourn.
Mr. STUART. So far as I am concerned, un-
less the Senator from Illinois, who has charge of
the bill objects, I am willing to carry out the sug-
gestion I made, and agree to an adjournment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If there is any good reason
why we cannot vote to-night I shall be willing to
adjourn; but I would prefer to have a vote to-night.
Mr. FITCH. I voted on the last motion against
an adjournment, but I shall vote again promptly
for it. I voted then against adjournment for the
purpose of having an opportunity to say that I
think my record in favor of Minnesota will com-
pare with that of the Senator from Illinois, and I
am not to be dragooned by an appeal to the friends
of Minnesota, such as he has made, to the sup-
port of any measure which I think like a refusal
to adjourn is merely designed for factious pur-
poses. We have received notice here, and we
have no reason to believe that it was not well in-
tended, that that bill cannot be passed to-night.
Mr. KING. Why not?
Mr. FITCH. Because Senators intend to de-
bate it. When they have avowed thatintention,
I am not going to sit here all night. I am not only
willing but anxious to vote if we could take the
vote by remaining here any reasonable length of
time. I should remain of course cheerfully, but
having received notice that the vote cannot be had
unless at a very unseasonable hour I see no reason
for detaining members here.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have attempted to dragoon
nobody, sir; I have appealed to nobody. [ have
only done my duty in submitting the motion. I
made no comment upon any man's vote I do
not intend to do so. Hence, I do not know how
to understand the remark of the Senator from In-
diana. He is only accountable for his vote, and
I am for mine. I do not pretend to prescribe to
any man how he shall vote.
It is said we have received notice that we can-
not have the vote to-night. That is not satisfac-
tory to me. I want to know why. I have not
found that the Senate adjourned every time when
I intimated here that I desired to speak, or thought
we could not get a vote on a measure. We have
been forced here into the night, the middle of the
night, and even towards morning, when a ques-
tion concerning the admission of a State, and
where certainly the title was not as clear as the
title of Minnesota to admission. When we have
been forced to sit here in the dead hours of the
night for the purpose of getting a vote, and cut-
ting off a debate on a question at even six o'clock
in the morning, I am to be told now tluvt it is dra-
gooning if I insist on taking up the Minnesota
lull at only Seventeen minutes past three o'clock.
Wp are not within an hour, or two hours, of the
regular time of adjournment.
Mr. FITCH. With the permission of the Sen-
ator I will say that it is not to the taking up of
the bill that 1 object. I do not object to having
the bill taken up. I do not deem that an attempt
to dragoon any one; but when tjie Senator re-
sisted the motion to adjourn, he denies having
made an appeal. The reporter, I presume, has
taken it down. lie did say that he called for the
yeas and nays, for he wished to see who the friends
of Minnesota were. Was not that an appeal ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, 1 willsay frankly that
I desire to see who the friends of Minnesota
are. Minnesota lias been here applying for ad-
mission from the beginning of the session. She
comes under an enabling act, comes with a popu-
lation that you acknowledge, by your vote, to be
entitled to two members of Congress. She comes
with a constitution ratified by her people almost
unanimously, with only five hundred votes against
it. Why is she kept out, and at the same time
Kansas, with only forty or fifty thousand popula-
tion, with a constitution which is denied to be the
act and deed of her people, forced through by
night sessions ? Even after Kansas has gone from
us, we cannot, within the reasonable Senate hours,
have a vote upon Minnesota; and when I ask why,
the only reason is, " You cannot have the vote
to-night!" That is not satisfactory. If there
was a Senator sick, who desired to make a speech,
it would be a different question. If there was
an act that addressed itself to the courtesy of
the Senate why we should not proceed with the
bill, that is a question I should be very willing to
see submitted to the Senate; but when no reason
is given why we should not proceed now, when
the usual hour of adjournment has not arrived, I
could not understand this tenacity to get rid of
Minnesota, and keep it back. I do not know why
it is done; and I say to gentlemen, in all fairness
and frankness, that as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories, who reported the Minnesota
bill months ago, I feel that it is my duty to ask
the Senate to take it up, and proceed, at least,
with it until the usual hour of adjournment. I
do not wish to force night sessions. I would not
ask it; but let us go on to the usual hour of ad-
journment, and I think before that hour arrives
we can dispose of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move an adjournment.
Mr. FITCH. Will the Senator be kind enough
to withdraw the motion ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is nobody I would
indulge more willingly than my friend from Indi-
ana, but I do not think this discussion is of any
use at all, and I insist on my motion to adjourn.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 25, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Clay, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Green, Hammond, Hunter, Iver-
son. Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Mallory, Mason, I'earce, Polk, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomp-
son ot Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Wright, and
Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Blight, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas,
Fcssenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,
Houston, Jones, King, I'ugh, Seward, Simmons, Stuart,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill for the
admission of the State of Minnesotainto the Union
is before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FITCH. I have a very few remarks to
make—none on the bill, but a word in answer to
what fell from the Senator from Illinois. He is
at a loss to understand the purport or motive of
my language and claims to be the special friend
of Minnesota. I have no objection to that; I be-
lieve he is so; but it would have been better to
have evinced his friendship on other occasions
when there was a probability perhaps of an early
passage of the bill. We have now received notice
that we cannot pass it to-day, and I think Sena-
tors are in earnest when they say it. I am will-
ing to take them at their word. Where was the
Senator's peculiar anxiety for Minnesota yester-
day morning, when the Senate agreed to adjourn
over until Monday, and when of course there
could have been no action until that day ? Where
was his anxiety, when as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories, having it specially in charge,
he assented in the Senate that Kansas should be
made a special order, and thereby placed in ad-
vance of Minnesota ? It is too late now to come
forward and urge Senators to sit all night, after
notice that perhaps even that will not avail the
passage of this bill , after having permitted oppor-
tunities to place it in advance of everything else
to pass by. I do not yield to him in devotion to
Minnesota and its early admission.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rise to a question of order.
Is there any motion pending before the Senate ?
Mr. DOtfGLAS. The bill is pending. I trust
the Senator will not interfere.
Mr. FITCH. It was simply to compare notes
with the honorable Senator from Illinois, in rela-
tion to action oil the bill for the admission of
Minnesota, that I rose; and I am only sorry that
my desire to make tins brief reply has found me
on the record, in the company with which I am,
voting against an adjournment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no notes to compare
with the Senator from Indiana, or any other Sen-
ator, on this question. I have claimed no special
devotion to Minnesota. My action has been gov-
erned by an entirely different consideration. I
happen to be the chairman of the Committee on
Territories, and, as the organ of that committee,
the Minnesota bill was under my charge, and it
was my duty to see that it had a fair chance. I
have acted in that capacity, and in that alone. I
do not pretend that I am any better friend of Min-
nesota than other Senators. I neither arrogate
to myself nor detract from them. Each Senator
I must act for himself upon this question.
I Now, sir, one word about my having been dil-
atory about the Minnesota bill. I could appeal
to my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Greek,] and
to every other member of the Committee on Ter-
ritories, that I was not responsible for one hour's
delay in that committee, about Minnesota. I
blame no one. I do not complain of the delay;
but each member of the committee will testify that
I pushed it, as far and as fast as respect for col-
leagues would permit me to do. On every occa-
sion, when there was an opportunity, I have in-
sisted upon it here. I have had to antagonize
with measures of which I was the warm advo-
cate—the Pacific railroad bill, for instance—on
more than one occasion, in order to get up Min-
nesota. I did not agree that Kansas should be
made a special order, to override Minnesota. As
the Senator from Missouri knows, I refused to
agree to it, and said I could not assent to it. I
have never agreed to the postponement of Minne-
sota, for any other question whatever. I have
been overridden by trie Senate; and submitted, of
course, as I must submit. If I am overruled
again to-night, I shall submit with a good grace;
but I have never consented to have Minnesota over-
ridden by Kansas, or any other question, and I do
not intend to allow it to be done, if I can prevent
it—not that I am the special friend of Minnesota,
more than any other Senator. I am discharging
my duty as the organ of the committee that re-
ported this bill, who is expected to bring it up on
all proper occasions. Tfie Senator does not want
to be driven into a night session. I expressly
disclaimed any desire for a night session. I said
if you took it up and proceeded with it until the
usual hour of adjournment, I would not object to
an adjournment; but I object to overriding Min-
nesota, first with one bill, and then another, and
then another, until you even come down to amo-
tion to override it with the private bills; and then
by motions and cross-motions to adjourn, over
and over again. It was to that that I objected, if I
could stop it. Each Senator votes according to
his own judgment, and I have no condemnation
of any one. I only discharge my duty, and leave
each Senator to act on his.
Mr. GREEN. I think it due to the Senator
from Illinois that I should bear testimony to the
fact that in the Committee on Territories I thought
he pressed Minnesota with a great deal of what
seemed to me to be hot haste. He was far from
being negligent in relation to that measure in com-
mittee. I really thought I had a right to complain
that he was too eager in pressing the matter. I
make that statement in justice to him. Since the
matter has been before the Senate, other Senators
know as much about his course of conduct as I do,
and I have no testimony to bear. On the ques-
tion of representation, I felt it my duty to make
some remarks; whether he did or not I am not
prepared to say; but enough of that. The reason
why I do not desire this bill brought up to-night is
not to prevent Minnesota from being admitted m
the Union. I think my acts will show that I am as
sincere a friend of Minnesota as any other Senator;
but I am advised, and I so informed the Senator
from Illinois, that it would be impossible to reach
a vote on account of some amendments that certain
Senators intend to propose, which amendments,
from the reflection I have given to the subject, I
intend to go against; but I think, by a confercnce
with them, we can prevent that delay, and it wis
as a friend to the bill, not as an enemy, that I de-
sired time to confer with them privately. Con-
certed action, action prepared and matured, gen-
erally has a tendency to expedite business in the
Senate; and it was with that view, not as an
obstacle to the admission of the State, but as a
means to prevent unnecessary controversy when
the subject does come up for consideration, that
I favored an adjournment. Besides, it will be
remembered that when, yesterday, I moved to
reconsider the order by which the Senate had re-
solved to adjourn over until Monday, when it was
known that my view was to act on the Kansas
bill, and that that consideration alone moved me,
every Senator on the opposite side, and some on
this, voted against me. We still carried it, and
thus we appropriated this day to the consider-
ation of Kansas. Having disposed of that, which
I think is a very good day's work, and this being
Good Friday, I thought we ought to adjourn.
I therefore renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri withdraw that motion for a moment?
