408
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Origin of Slavery—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
would seem that the epistle which he had ad-
dressed directly to his flock at Ephesus should
have failed to enlighten their minds and pacify
their consciences on the question of slavery, the
very first words of the last chapter of the former
epistle show who are the " men-stealers^and who
the " liars;" whether they who hold their slaves
under the very tenure of God's will, or they who
would lie away the law and the Gospel, which
bear witness to that will.
Listen, sir, to the doctrine which the Apostle
delivers to Timothy, to teach and proclaim: " Let
as many servants (SovXoi, slaves) as are under the
yoke count their own masters worthy of all honor,
that the name of God and his doctrines be not
blasphemed."—(1 Timothy, chap, vi., verse 1.)
I do not profess to be much versed in the knowl-
edge of exegesis, but if it could ever easily be
applied to the meaning of words, it must surely
be in this instance of a text which can leave no
loop-hole for either quibble or doubt. The very
form of the mandate of the Apostle is one of great
peculiarity. He not merely tells the slave, in
another place, that the master has a right to his
obedience, but he also charges Timothy, his vicar
at Ephesus, to teach and proclaim that the mas-
ter is entitled to honor at the hands of the slave.
The very words (tJtov? <j£o-7rra?, their own mas-
ters) seem to convey a peculiar import. The
slave, as such, is bound «b obey him under whose
authority he accidentally may be placed. But to
his own master, his master whose " perpetual in-
heritance" he is, he owes the tribute of honor as
well as duly and obedience; and this for the rea-
son assigned by the Apostle, that the master is to
be counted worthy of such tribute. Now, sir, I
ask, unless words so plainly put together can by
any possibility lead the mind astray, whether any
man can for a moment reasonably admit that that
is abominable, that it is sinful, which the Apostle,
speaking under the influence of the Holy Spirit,
charges his disciple to teach and proclaim as
worthy of honor in the master's person? But
why should I gloss a text, the words of which
speak most eloquently for themselves?
Read the text over, and see whether it be pos-
sible for any one to mistake its import and force.
The slave, under the yoke of bondage, is bound
—not through compulsion, but " in singleness of
heart"—to obey his master in the flesh. £Ie is
bound not only to obey, but also to honor his
master, who is accounted worthy of the honor!
And why, sir? Lest a contrary conduct, on the
part of the slave, shall do violence to the teach-
ings of the Savior, and blaspheme the name of
Qod ! Now, who are the perpetrators of sin, and
the workers of iniquity ? We, who look to the
name of Uod and to Hid law, for our rights, and
abide by the teachings which the Master taught?
Or they, who, by insolent repudiations, blaspheme
llis name, and by false assumption, pervert His
doctrines? Let "the text answer for the South.
To those veiy conscientious deniers of the olden
law, who strive to quibble out of its precepts and
abjure its institution of slavery, on the plea that
it is effete, I would commend the Epistle of Paul
to the Galatians, in which it is written:
•• Cuiscrt is everyone that eontmueth not in all things
winch are wntten ut tlie book of the law to do them."—
<,'hapten in, vui\j« 10.
To others, our excellent amenders of the new
dispensation, who would foist the sin of slavery
m the Gospel-law, I would equally submit the
gentle warnings given to their predecessors, the
" foolish Galatians:"
If any man preach any other Gospel unto you than
that ye have icuiivcd, let him be accur^cd !"
Indeed, sir, 1 wish our kind friends joy of the
plcasant'position in which their regard for the
welfare, the morality, and the godliness of the
South, has placed them before the world. I see
them, in the self-seeking of their pride and the
perversity of their heart, contrive false and anti-
(Jhrisuan doctrines to delude ignorance and prop-
agate mischief. In their crusade against the sla-
very institution of the South, I sec them, like
their compeers, the Galatians, compelled to face
the twofold horns of the scriptural dilemma.
They would discard, in their call for an " anti-
slavory Bible," the dispensation of the old law,
which, in the word of God, establishes and sanc-
tions the tenure of slaves as a " perpetual inher-
itance;" and the tenth verse of the epistle peals
into their ears:
" Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things
which arc written in the book of the law to do them.53
They would supply the silence of the Savior,
or interpolate His Gospel, when they clamor that
it condemns slavery; and the ninth verse of the
first chapter of the same epistle again meets them
with the threat of God's wrath: •
" If any man preach any other Gospel unto you than that
ye have received, let him be accursed J"
And here, Mr. Chairman, I protest against any
misapplication of my remarks, so as to involve in
them the whole body of the clergy of the free
States. I am free to acknowledge, sir, that they
number among their ranks men of whom, either
as scholars or divines, any country might justly
be proud; men to whose sterling piety and faith-
ful pastorates not even the duty which I owe to a
slandered and long-enduring people could induce
me to do injustice or to deny the praise. I trust,
therefore, that these remarks shall not be under-
stood, as they are not intended for any but those
notorious disparagers of sacred functions who
draggle the rones of the priesthood in the sloughs
of fanatical politics, and pervert the ministrations
of their pulpits to dishonor their Master, traduce
our people, and convulse our society. To those,
sir, I mean my remarks to apply, who are truly
the representatives of that dissatisfied, incorrigi-
ble race of meddlers which the Religio Laid so
aptly illustrates;
" It 13 but dubbing themselves the saints of God, which
it is the interest of their teachers to tell them and their own
interest to believe; and after that, they cannot dip into the
Bible but one text or another will turn up for their purpose."
Ay, sir, this willful perversion, or convenient
manipulation, of texts to their purposes, is a not
inapposite illustration of the poetical dictum,
" Ccelum non anhnum mutant qui trans mare currunt."
—a change of climate, but no change of spirit,
from good Old England to good New England.
With us it seems to have put on all the appear-
ances of a disease of chronic character. The most
repulsive of its indications I find in the distortion
of the text of St. Paul, in his Epistle to the Gala-
tians, the only one which they could succeed, by
such distortions, in tinkering into a condemna-
tion of slavery, against the clear precepts of the
Mosaic law, and the no less lucid injunctions of
the Apostle's charge. This condemnation of sla-
very, sir, I find our good friends invariably at-
tempting to contrive, by a perversion of the text
of the epistle, in the face of the mandate of the
law, and of the teachings of the Savior, through'
the hps of His Apostle. lie, sir, was besieged by
questions from those " foolish Galatians" of the
East, whom I think I have not wronged by a
comparison with our " Galatians" of the North.
And, sir, with the tartness-—nay, with the fierce-
ness—winch wc know would sometimes stir the
great Apostle, ho asks them what spirit of evil has
drawn them within its influence? and exclaims:
Thoie h neither Jew nor Greek ; there is neither bond
nor free; there is neither male nor female : for ye are all
one in Christ Jesus."— (Jalatians, chap. iv., 28.
Well, sir, what does this mean ? And, with its
moaning, what does it prove against the direct pre-
cepts of the old covenant und the repeated injunc-
tion of the new dispensation, both of which rec-
ognize the rule of bondage, and settle the relations
between the master and the slave? St. Paul, in
the act of explaining away the doubts and scru-
ples of his converts, in the sense of the words
which he addresses to them, evidently realizes
the words of his Divine Master, to show them how
noble, liberal, and civilizing, are those spiritual
j doctrines which overstepped the antagonism of
| races, disregaided the distinctions of political so-
| ciety,and even overlooked the natural differences
of sex, to gather every human infirmity to their
solace, and call every human condition to their
hopes; to raise up every grade of lowliness to the
supernal glories of heaven, and to abate into hu-
mility every excess of inordinate pride, even to
the very abjections of earth. They were doc-
trines, sir, which tended to dispel every vestige of
what had, up to the time when they were pro-
claimed, been witnessed in the pagan world—a
society of incongruent contrasts ' A society of
Jews, exclusively claiming for themselves the
heavenly promises of God 1 A society of Greeks
who, though monarchs of the intellect, were shut
out from the veriest glimpses of true spiritual life I
A society with slaves, who, though reduced to
their condition of bondage by the imperscrutable
decrees of the Almighty mind, who, though in
bonds of the body, under the law of man and of
God, had a soul for the promises and the inheri-
tances of the Word ! A society of masters, who,
themselves initiated into the revelations and the
hopes of that Word, refused the communion of its
blessings to the slave ! A society of males, who,
by virtue of the first disobedience and of the primal
fall, wielded over woman the unchecked and irre-
sponsible authorityof the household ! A society
of females, who, secuded from all the concerns of
life in atonement for the original agency in that
fall, and condemned to social inferiority, groaned
in solitude, and obeyed the authority.
If the reading of the declaration of the Apostle
be not thus—and it is proved to be so by the whole
context of the chapter, which looks to the " sub-
stance of things hoped for" through the workings
of the spirit of faith; proved to be so by a chapter
in which opposition is set up between the works
of the flesh and the influences of the spirit of faith
—then would the exegesis of our religious ideol-
ogists, and especially of our Yankee theologians,
write St. Paul, the eminently practical man and
pointedly keen logician, guilty of the veriest of
absurd propositions and untenable doctrines. Jew
and Greek, bond and free, male and female, he
knew to be living and substantial entities, which
no work of his could speak or explain away. He
could not mean that the species Jew, or the species
Greek, of the human family, could be fused into
something that was neither Greek nor Jew. He
knew that the inexorable law of races, if not the
living entail of blood, protested against the idea
of such a thing. He could not mean that the bond
and the free could so cohere as to form a neutral
third. He knew that the laws of tfie code, the
protection of which he himself had once invoked,
and the obligations of which he fully understood,
repelled the obliteration of the distinction. He
did not mean that man and woman could lay down
their peculiar characteristics, and realize the im-
possible androgynus of Plato, for he was no mean
adept in the philosophies of the Grecian school;
and both the law of creation, and the intentions
of God forbade the dream. Something firmerand
truer, therefore, than an yG recian tenet or Pla-
tonic dream, he knew to be in the declaration of
the Book, 41 male and female made hethem;"and
heequally knew that he had received no authority
and no power to undo the work of the Almighty
hand. What he meant,and what is evident from
the words of his lips, is, that fusion and absorp-
tion in Christ, which belongs to a " kingdom not
of this earth;" but no change, even the slighest,
in the various relations of life, which were sanc-
tioned by the spiritual teachings of his Master,
and controlled by the temporal laws under which
he lived and taught.
Have I, Mr. Chairman, committed the same
wrong with which I charge these traducers of the
South ? Have I suppressed any thing ? have I dis-
torted anything' have I misapplied anything,
which the lav/ of man, or, higher still, the law of
God, has written down in relation to this misun-
derstood or perverted question of slavery? Have
I not, sir, shown that they of the North, who
have causelessly taken up this question of sla-
very—what have they to do, sir, with a sin which
does not attach to their skirts—have I not shown,
sir, that they cannot make slavery the subject of
their denunciations and falsehoods without dese-
cration of the law of God and falsification of the
precepts of His Gospel ? Under what conditions
stand we now under which the same New Eng-
land has not stood ? As ourselves now, New Eng-
land, the whole of New England, once bought,
sold, and held slaves. Having, within the last
seventy-five years, had slaves as general adjuncts
of their communities, the possession of slaves
must have then been deemed no violation of the
law of God, which they now charitably impute
to the South.
But, sir, from the moment that their slaves were
emancipated, or from the moment when, from
what cause soever, they ceased to have any upon
whom to exercise the scruples of their conscience
i orforoe the blessings of their religion, they dipped
