360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
for arresting General Walker and his command
are-stated by himself, as follows:
«I could not regard Walker and his followers in any
other light than as outlaws who had escaped from the vigi-
lance of the officers of the Government, and left our shores
for the purpose of rapine and murder; and I saw no other
way to vindicate the law, and redeem the honor of our
country, than by disarming and sending them home.
uin doing so, I am sensible of the responsibility that T
have mcuned,and confidently look to the Government for
my justification.
44 Regarded m its ti ue light, the case appears to me a clear
one ; the points few and strong.
" Walker came to Point Arenas from the United States,
having, m violation ot law, set on foot a militaty organiza-
tion to make war upon a people with whom we are at peace.
He landed there with armed men and munitions of war, in
defiance of the guns of a slup-of-war placed there to pre-
vent his landing.
•( With nothing to show that he acted by authority, he
formed a camp, hoisted the Nicaraguan flag, called it the
4 headquarters of the army of Nicaragua,5 and signed him-
self the commander-in-chief.
u With thus pretension he claimed the right of a lawful
general over all persons and things within sight of his flag.
Without nght or authority, he landed fifty men at the mouth
of the river Colorado, seized the fort of Castillo, on the San
Juan, captured steamers and the goods of merchants m
transit to the inteiior, killed men, and made prisoners of
the peaceful inhabitants5, sending to the huihor of San Juan
del Noite somp thirty or forty men, women, and children,
in the steamer Morgan.
44 In doing these things without the show of authority,
they were gudry of rapine and murder, and must bo regarded
as outlaws and pnates. They can have no claim to be re-
garded in any other light.
44 Humanity, as well as* law ami justice and national
honor, demanded the dis.pprsion of these lawless men.
" The remnant of the miserable beings who surrendered
at Jtivas were conveyed in this ship, la?t summer, to New
York, and their suffering;? are yetfreshrm the memory of all
on board.
*4 For the above reasons, which appear to mvnund quite
sufficient, I have disarmed and sent to the United States
General William Walker, and his outlawed and piratical
followers, for trial, or for whatever action the Government
in its wisdom may think proper to pursue.^
What was the language of the administration
of Mr. Monroe, when the Spanish Government
remonstrated with the Government of the United
States for this invasion of her territory? Mr.
Adams, then Secretary of State, in his letter to
the Spanish Minister, says:
By all the laws of neutrality and of war, as well as of
pitidenee and of humanity, he was warranted in anticipat-
ing lus enemy by the amicable, and, that being refused, liy
the forcible occupation of the fuit. There will need no cita-
tions i'tom printed treatise-;on inteinational lawtoptove the
correctness of till* principle. It is cngiavcd in adamant oil
the common sense of mankind. iVownterupon the lawof
nations cvei pictended to contradict it. None, of any rep-
utation or authoiity, ever omitted to asseit it."
Allow me to inquire, did the administration of
President Monroe censure General Jackson ? Did
the administration of President Monroe send a
message to any branch of Congress, filled up with
half censure and half apology ? No, sir. Tho
language used by that Administration I beg leave
to quote:
" The President will neither inflict punishment, nor pass
a een-^uie, upon General Jackson, tor that conduct, tin: 1110-
tiv.j fur which wore founded in the puie^t patitodMii; of
tin: necessity for which be had the most immediate and
effectual means of forming a judgment; and the vindica-
tion of which w written in every pageot the law of nations,
as wel! as in the iii'.-t law of nature—self-deleuse."
The only regret that I feel is, that the present
Administration did not stand by Commodore
Paulding as the administration of Monroe stood
by General Jackson, and instead of apologizing
and half censuring the act, did not approve it
openly, frankly, firmly, and have done justice to
that gallant and veteran officer, who, under these
trying circumstances, sustained the honor, the
integrity, and the good faith of the Government
of the United States.
There is a single remark in the passage I have
just quoted, which strikes mo with groat force:
" Ot tno necessity for which he had the most immediate
and eiieciuai means of forming ajudginent."
So it is, and so it ever has been, that in the
midst of action upon the field or upon the sea the
commander of armies or of fleets has the best
means of judging of the necessity which compels
instant action, from which ho cannot withdraw
without dishonoring himself, and where, as I said
before, to wait for instructions would be a crime
against God and man. It is to my mind no mys-
tery why the popular heart pays its homage to
the great military and naval commanders who
have displayed this highest quality of the human
mind. We all know in our own experience, that
there are times when we see with a much clearer
conscience and a stronger brain than at others.
We know, too, that in the midst of action, in try-
ing emergencies, a military commander is often
wrought up to the very highest point of enthusi-
asm, when all that is manly within him is roused
to the point almost of inspiration, and he sees as
no other eyes can see, the ciicumstances, the ex-
igencies, the necessities which are pressing upon
him for immediate, instant action. Especially
was this true in reference to the great man now
departed, to whose course I have referred. He
i was among the few of those men that occasionally
1 appear upon the stage of human action to give
direction to its affairs—one of those gifted, provi-
dential men, who are endowed with that which
neither wealth can purchase, power monopolize,
institutions of learning bestow, nor dying men
bequeath; one of those who come into the world,
whether in a palace or a manger, with souls lighted
with celestial fire and natures stamped with the
impress of God's nobility. Sir, the remark which
is made by the administration of Mr. Monroe,
in speaking of the conduct of General Jackson,
that he had the best means of judging of the ne-
cessity of the act, is equally true in the case of
Commodore Paulding. In my judgment, ifhe had
done otherwise, if he had declined to arrest this
expedition of Walker, he himself would have be-
come accessory to it; he would have committed
the Government of the United States, and made
it responsible for every act that wus done after his
refusal to interpose.
Mr. President, allusion was made by the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to
the case of Texas, and to the doctrine which was
laid down by Mr. Webster and others, on that
subject; but I have occupied the attention of the
Seriate so long already, that X fear I should do
injustice to the Senate, as well as to myself, if I
should continue the discussion any longer. 1 will
only say, in conclusion, thatl do not object to the
doctrine of expatriation, as it is properly under-
stood. I do not deny the right of all citizens of
any nation in the world, peacefully to emigrate
from one jurisdiction to take up their home within
the jurisdiction of another; but I, at the same time,
maintain that they have no right to make that the
mere pretext or cloak for setting on foot a military
expedition to go into the territories of peaceful
neighboring republics, not to find a home, but to
wage war against the citizens and the Govern-
I ments of those republics.
i Nor do I object to the peaceful expansion of
I the territories and the jurisdiction of the Govern-
| ment of the United States. When the Govorn-
i ment of the United States and the policy of the
i Administration can be again restored to what I
understand to be the true policy of the republican
I fathers in this Government; when the doctrine can
, be again enunciated, which 1 understand to be the
true doctrine, that the Constitution of the United
States of itself carries slavery nowhere; that the
Constitution of the United States of its own force
does not carry the law of slavery into any Terri-
tory or any State, I shall not object to the peaceful
expansion of the territories of'the United States.
I have looked forward to the time when, in the
t visions of my youth, and in the hopes of my
I maturer years, I have expected to see, by peaceful
' acquisitions and treaty stipulations, the dominion
of the United States bounded not only by the
Atlantic on the east, and the Pacific on the west,
but by the Arctic occan on the north and the
Isthmus of Darien on the south. I have looked
forward to the period, and hoped I might see it,
when, in the fullness of time and under the oper-
ation of the laws of peaceful emigration, all the
continent of North America might become em-
braced within the dominion of the Government
of the United States. With something more than
a dream of fancy I have looked forward to the
time, if the (lag of the United States is not to be
made the ilag of slavery extension instead of the
flag of liberty, when it will bear, not thirteen stars,
nor thirty-one stars, but be spangled all over with
; stars, and our glorious mountain bird shall plant
I it upon the highest peak of the Rocky Mountains
and the Sierra Nevada, where it shall bear, and
. bear forever, tho chosen name and the chosen
| motto of our forefathers: upon the one side " the
1 United States of America," and upon the other
" E Plurihns Umun"—though many, we are one
—and that it will stand there forever.
Mr. BROWN. I have listened to the speech
of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin with
some pleasure and some profit, I gave notice the
other day of my purpose to move an amendment
to his resolution. That amendment will indicate
distinctly to the Senate how far I differ from the
Senator who has just resumed his seat. I send
it to the table, and ask to have it read.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
which is to strike outall after the resolving clause,
and insert the following:
That Congress lias heard with surprise of the arrest of
William Walker, and about one hundred and fifty other
prisoners, at Punta Arenas, in Nicaragua, by Hiram Pauld-
ing, commanding United States naval squadron, on the 8th
dayof December, 1857; and seeing that said act wasmvio-
lation of the territorial sovereignty of a fi lendlv Power, and
not sanctioned by any existing law, Congress disavows it;
and being officially notified that said Paulding acted without
instiuctions from the President or the Secretaiyofthe Navy,
Congress expresses its condemnation of his conduct m this
regard.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, if I had any
prepared, set speech to make, I should, of course,
prefer making it on some other day than this; but
I have not. What I have to say can as well be
expressed in five or ten minutes as in as many
hours. It will be seen that the proposition which
I submit contains very few and very plain sug-
gestions. I first assert, in the amendment, that
Congress has heard with surprise of the arrest of
William Walker and his associates, about ono
hundred and fifty in number, without giving to
Mr. Walker any style. I do not oven call him
General Walker. I d.o not give to the people who
were with him a habitation anywhere, but speak
of them as they were—as persons. I claim that
that is a truism in point of fact, that when the
intelligence reached us, Congress was surprised.
Is there a man who hears me now that does not
respond to that declaration, that he was surprised
by the intelligence that this arrest had been made .'
When I take the ground that it was done ;n
violation of the territorial sovereignty of Nicara-
gua, Ido not undertake to locate the sovereignty
or to give it any particular designation or direc-
tion. I simply take the ground that the sover-
eignty is somewhere; that it does not belong to us;
that by invading it we violated it. Nicaragua is,
beyond all question, no part of the United States.
It is a foreign territory. Commodore Paulding,
with an armed force, landed on the shoves and
made arrests, in violation of the sovereignty of
that territory. I care not whether the sovereignty
be in William Walker, as its legitimate President,
or in the party who now claim it, or anybody else.
It is a discovered country; the sovereignty rests
somewhere, but beyond all dispute it is not in the
United States. When we landed there with an
armed force, and made arrests, wa violated the
sovereignty. I care not in whose person it may
exist, or who has the right to control it for the
time being.
The next proposition is, that the act was not
sanctioned by any existing law. I listened to the
speech of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin,
to hear under what law this act of Commodore
Paulding was to be justified. The President tells
us, 111 the very outset of his message, that it was
a" grave error" on the part of Commodore Pauld-
ing. He does not pretend, in his message, to jus-
tify it on any legal grounds—although he under-
takes to palliate the offense, as I conceive it to be,
of the commodore. I have listened, but I have
listened in vain,for.a suggestion from some quar-
ter, which would show that there was lawful au-
thority for this act. The Senator, it is true, has
read to us from Vattel and PulTendorf, and other
writers on international law, but all his author-
ities point to cases not at all like this. He has
read us no authority from Puffendorf, or Vattel, or
any other writer on international law, nor can he,
which shows that you have the. power to land on
the shores of a friendly country and make arrests;
to arrest the man who has been recognized as the
President of the country by your own Govern-
ment, and bring him away. William Walker was
recognized as the de facto President of the Repub-
lic of Nicaragua. If there has been a legitimate
and fair election in the country, it was in the case
of Mr. Walker. At an election fairly conducted
lie was chosen President of the Republic; but he
is arrested by a military force from the United
States,violeritlydragged from his country, brought
here, and then set at liberty.
1 am glad that the Senator, in his anxiety to
give a medal to Commodore Paulding, has not
undertaken to justify the use of such violent ex-
pressions as that Walker and his men are pirates,
