1358.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gilman.
Ho. of Reps.
into that repository of texts to which Dryden ad-
verts, and they discovered that slavery is a god-
less abomination and a heinous crime. Having
no slaves of their own, they immediately, under
the auspices of Old England hypocrites, who boast
of no mean representatives in New England,
turned to the South to apply their late discovered
Gospel doctrine of the abominationand sinfulness
of slavery. Sir, sir, will these people compel us
to believe that they are fools as well as hypo-
crites? What! they who were the special saints
,-and agents of God in the motherland; they who,
driven away from Old England through the
marshes of Holland, to the eternal Plymouth
Rock, to become the saints and agents of God in
New England, upon this continent, where, unless
I mistake, God had made a lodgment some cen-
tury and a halfbefore theirfathers'ears had been
cropped and their fathers' tongues had been slit,
at the tithings and market-places of the land over
the waters, for their headstrong, pragmatic, and
meddlesome intrusions, which we of the South
are not spared at the hands of their descendants!
What! they who claimed to be the depositaries
and the custodians of both new and old covenant
snatched away from the " scarlet woman and the
man of sin;" they who claimed to be the saints
by excellence, and the expounders, ex profebsof of
the true doctrines of the Gospel of Christ; they,
with the pretended condemnations of that Gospel
pressing upon their consciences and their souls,
remained with slavery in their midst as a con-
stant general fact and rightrecognized by Church
and State, without their consciousness of its vio-
lation of the Gospel law with which we of the
South are charged at the eleventh hour of these
godly workers in the vineyard of the Lord! Why,
sir, not satisfied with holding and maintaining
slavery in their midst, not satisfied with owning
slaves themselves—though, with us, they are
pleased to call it violation of the law of God—
they must even look for accomplices in the viola-
tion of that law; and, sending their ships over the
oceans, go in quest of slaves, to import them, and
to sell them where they were wanted, or where
they had not yet been introduced. Would they,
Mr. Chairman, have us understand that their
fathers, not we, are the " men-stealers" and deal-
ers in human flesh ? Or else, would they have us,
in order to save the memory of those impeccable
<f Puritan fathers" from the deep damnation of
being the original patentees of anti-Christian sla-
very, believe that those worthies, with all their
claims to sanctimonious purity and evangelical
grace, were but dolts, who had not yet groped
their way over the threshold of the New Jerusa-
lem which their descendants have since reared?
That their fathers were as guiltless of knowledge
of the Scriptures, especially in regard of slavery,
as they themselves are of the precepts of God and
the sanctities of truth? Would they have us
believe, in one word, that to them, and to their
brighter lights, kindled at the shrines of Exeter
Hall, was reserved, once for all, the signal priv-
ilege of correcting ail the unseemly errors of the
inconvenient law of God ?
Is the South, sir, to be damned into a change
of its institutions by virtue of pseudo-Scriptures,
edited with notes, and exegeses tacked to them
by Yankee exponents of bogus Gospel law? Sir,
there is a promise of the Master, "My word shall
not pass away," which sustains our hopes through
all these assaults of prejudice wedded to malevo-
lence. Indeed, Mr. Chairman, I am even now
afraid that this malevolenre of our slanderers may i
have compelled me to be, in some measure, unjust j
to them in the bearing of my remarks. I am afraid, j
at least, sir, that the persistent calumnies, studi- i
ously contrived, and as zealously disseminated \
against us by our northern friends, may have led
me to disparage some of their merits, or to with-
hold much of the acknowledgment of their de-
serts. I find, sir, one thing which I had over-
looked. Like us, sir, I find that, in one respect
at least, they are conscientious observers of the
law of God in this question of.slavery. That law,
Mr. Chairman, if I have read it aright, established
two species of servitude—the servitude of the chil-
dren of Israel, and that of the bondmen purchased
from the heathens around them. Instead of vio-
lating the law, Mr. Chairman, we have adhered
to its enactment. We have gone—or rather our
more thrifty Yankee brethren have gone for us—
to the dark places of this earth—gone to the hea-
then and interior races of Africa for our slaves;
whilst those who have consented to be t{ men-
stealers" for our uses and our dollars, have also
followed, and in*their way, the mandate of that
law. Some of their menial labor, sir, unless I
mistake, is drawn from Israel itself. Their free
paupers and vagabonds are, like Joseph, not un-
frequently cast" into the pit;" whilsttneSimeons,
the Zabulons,and the Ashers of godly New Eng-
land—or American Israel—show themselves noth-
ing loath to chaffer away their white brethren on
time to the " Midianite merchantmen."
I claim, Mr. Chairman, that both South and
North are obedient to the law of God. We of the
South, sir, derive our slaves from the very regions
which the Lord has designed. They of the North
have no particular aversion, now and then, to man-
ufacture a few out of their own kindred and blood.
But here much of the similitude must cease. You,
and I, Mr. Chairman, know of more than one in-
stance in which, when freedom was extended to
the slave as a reward for faithful services, the gift
was declined; the beneficiary has preferred to re-
main in bondage under the roof where he had
grown, perchance, with the master and the chil-
dren around him. Yet I think that you and I,
sir, have yet to learn that any of the sold white
slaves of the North has ever shown himself so
much in love with the " peculiar institution" of
that North, as to refuse the boon offreedom when
his period of involuntary servitude had expired,
much less to offer remaining under the salutary
blessings of this Yankee pattern of white, Chris-
tian slavery !
Thus sir, have I traced, and, I think, not un-
fairly, the law as delivered by our Savior, and
as applied by His Apostles. In either form, Mr.
Chanman,it is plain and unmistakable. Into the
supposed tendencies of its doctrines it is not my
business to inquire, nor yet to look into what
channels of action they may have been forced by
the errors of human judgment or the warpings of
fanatical passions. I am satisfied to take that Jaw
as it reads, and to stand by what it allows or for-
bids in its relation to slavery. The Constitution
of the United States, sir, by the essence of crea-
tion, by its reservation of the rights of the States,
recognizes the sovereignty of those States, whilst
it discards the idea of a supreme authority. This,
sir, is an essence of our organic law. Yet, sir,
is there a soundly-thinking statesman but will
admit that, by the contrivance of tendencies, by
the process of construction, and by the fatality of
piecedents, it is not rapidly putting on, if it have
not already put on, all the substantial forms of a
consolidated government ? Even so, sir, with the
institutesofChristianity.The theory of tendencies
has been developed so far beyond the intents of the
law-giver that the result of man's speculations have
been grafted upon his statute as parts of the law
itself. It is under this mania of tendencies, not the
spiritof truth, that the modern improvers of a Di-
vine code have, from the heightof their perverted
pulpits, and from the bosom of their unholy con-
venticles, been shrieking their denunciations of
slavery as a sin and a curse, laid at the doorof the
South. The law, sir, as given out by its founder,
will hold in the hollow of the hand. Its precepts
are written with the perspicuity of the light which
blazes on the frontlet of the stars. I read the law,
I ponder its precepts, and I find nothing in it
against slavery, but what the hands of man would
wickedly interpolate under the convenient guise
of tendency. The law of God, Mr. Chairman, is
an equation, full and complete, made up of the
modern dispensation and the old covenant. They
are both results of Divine counsels and expo-
nents of Divine truth. You cannot touch any of
its elements, you cannot add to or subtract from
either of the terms without vitiating the result.
The curse is upon those who would do so. Did
I require any proof of the subsistence of that law
and of the verity of the Book in which it is writ-
! ten, I would find it in the character of the awful-
1 ly terrible language in which the penalties of in-
fraction are written out in every variety of form
and for every vicissitude of time. It is not the
growth of human thought, nor yet the expres-
sion of human speech. It has the unmistakable
stamp of Divine conception and Divine utterance.
Save where it has pleased the Maker to modify
it, it stands as the expression of His unchanged
will. It rings, as it has rung through the lapse
of ages. It speaks, as it has spoken across the
chasms of revolutions, above the tramp of gen-
erations steadily treading on their pilgrimage to
the grave; it speaks, even now, with the most
appalling denunciations which it may be giveji to
the mind of man to conceive. It is useless for our
politico-religious theologians to shriek out, " old
dispensation and old law; it had its time, and it
has passed away for a better and a higher law."
What, sir, higher and better law coming from
God? This is impious, sir, beyond utterance. This
is lending to unerring wisdom the failings and im-
perfections of the human mind. Man may grope
away at higher and better laws; but God intui-
tively and ever wills the highest and the best.
I admit, sir, the fulfilling law; but I deny, from
pole to pole, that that which was fulfilled has
passed away ! It is still living, and in our midst,
touching us at every point of our existence, ab-
sorbed through every liber of your legislations
and codes. Some of the minor regulations of the
civil and religious law may have been dropped
—some ritual ceremonies and external forms,
adapted to other purposes, may have lapsed with
the changes of circumstances and of time; but the
law which, deny it as they may, contains the rec-
ognition of slavery, and,- therefore, the rights of
the South, is a living, binding law. It is the hand-
book of onr duties and the sum of our hopes; it is
the moral law.which the Savior has perfected; and
that cannot pass away, because the moral law,
like God himself, is an eternal essence !
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. C. J. GILMAN,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
May 24, 185S.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. GILMAN said:
Mr. Chairman: The President of the United
States sent a message to Congress, on the 2d day
of February last, with this statement: that Kan-
sas was as much a slave State as Georgia or South
Carolina. It was then taken for granted, as a
proposition self-evident, that there would be no
violent opposition, on the part of northern Dem-
ocrats, to the admission of Kansas as a State into
the Union under the Lecompton constitution. It
was anticipated that there would be an appa-
rent reluctance at once and with facility to take
the Lecompton dose. Shrewd politicians in the
House, in the Senate, and in the Cabinet, know
how to touch the weak points of northern Dem-
ocrats. They know how to remove scruples and
doubts from the minds of their northern associ-
ates. They have been successful in this kind of
diplomacy heretofore. Some of them have grown
gray m the service. They well knew, during the
past half century, how often northern men had
yielded to southern solicitation, southern aits,and
southern manipulation. They knew full well that
heretofore, measures, sectional, obnoxious, in-
volving in danger and doubt the peace and welfare
of the country, had been sanctioned by northern
votes secured by southern agency. The Presi-
dent, therefore, with a confidence of success, pre-
sented the Lecompton fraud; and early in the ses-
sion it became evident that members from New
England and the middle States were ready and
willing to vote for a measure most offensive in its
nature to the feelings and sentiments of their con-
stituents.
But it was early discovered that more northern
votes were wanted. Week after week elapsed;
month after month. Who will write the history
of these weeks and months? The record of Con-
gress, the public proceedings, can be read by all.
The secret plotting, the silent and insidious pro-
ceedings of these memorable weeks and months,
may not be portrayed to the public eye. Finally it
became evident that the Administration, with ail
its power and with all its patronage, could not
induce a few northern Democrats to succumb.
These few Democrats had manfully resisted the
