1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2471
is no fact stated that he has not, in every case, ex-
ecuted diligently the acts of 1856 and 1857. Be-
fore the Senate passes this amendment, which im-
plies censure, at least it would be common justice
that the Secretary should be called upon to know
whether or not he has executed the law, and why
he has not. Therefore, I think the amendment
of the Senator from New York is out of place.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, the Senator from
Georgia has not as full information upon this sub-
ject as he ought to have, to speak of it in this
manner. I offered this amendment, not without
a knowledge, on my part, that there was a calcu-
lation of the Treasury Department to let this go
by and lapse. I understand, from the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, that that is the cal-
culation and expectation in this matter, and thus
the appropriation will be lost by the expiration of
the time. The object of a part of this amend-
ment is, to continue for two years the time within
which the Secretary will have an opportunity to
execute it, for I believe an appropriation runs
two years and then lapses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It runs three years from
the time it passes.
Mr. KING. The object of this amendment
is to continue the law in operation. I do not, my-
self, see any reasonable expectation that our
Treasury is to be filled to overflowing within any
reasonable time; and if the Secretary intends to
exercise that discretion in reference to these ap-
propriations, and letting them go by, I prefer to
have the sense of Congress upon the fitness and
propriety of them. I regarded it as a duty to take
such steps in this matter as would execute the
law—a duty I owe to the people who have a right
to these appropriations, they having been made
by Congress.
I am not in the habit of making disclaimers
here. I apprehend there is no reason why I should
in this case. This certainly, however, is no per-
sonal matter with the Secretary of theTreasury,
or anybody else. It is a question of whether the
localities for which funds have been appropriated
shall have the benefitof them; whether they shall
have a right given to them by act of Congress. I
do not think a question of that sort is a personal
question with anybody. 1 differ with the Secretary
of the Treasury as to the propriety of his exer-
cising this discretion. I do not think he has any,
or ought to exercise any; but he thinks he has,
and I have brought in this provision, which the
Senator from Georgia has chosen (with a view, I
.suppose, to resist its passage) to regard as censure
upon the Secretary of the Ticasury. 1 certainly
disapprove and differ with the Secretary of the
Treasury in his construction of the law, and in
his notions of what are his duties; but when I
desire to bring in a resolution of censure on the
Secretary, I shall bring in one, in direct terms, to
do so. This resolution is for a different object
than a personal conti oversy with the Secretary of
the Treasury; though if he wants one, he may
seek one any way he chooses. I do not see the
necessity of aisclaimingoraffirmingthese matters;
but this amendment ought not to be made, or
dragged into, a personal matter at all.
Mr. SIMMONS. I rise merely for the purpose
of obtaining information. In the early part of the
session, I asked the Senator from Mississippi if
the President and Secietary were not bound to
cairy out the acts of Congress; and he said they
were.
Mr. DAVIS. Is the Senator going to quarrel
with me ?
Mr. SIA4MONS. I am not going to quarrel
v.-ith anybody. The Senator fioni Georgia says
that there was a qualification placed on these ap-
propriations, making them dependent on the fact
whether there was sufficient revenue collected to
justify the outlay of the money. That is a reason
to be assigned for delaying the appropriations.
Mr. TOOMBS. No. I say it may be so. I
hs-ve not assigned any reason, for I have never
heard of it until to-day.
Mr. SIMMONS. You say that law required
that fart to be ascertained before there should be
any delav.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is it not pretty evident that
he got at that fact before he made the outlay of
S3!),UU0 for the slier
Mr. KING. Not that price.
Mr. PUGH. The cost was $8,000,
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator could have paid
no attention to what I said. The amendment is
to carry out the acts of 1856 and 1857; and I was
offering objections against that amendment to
build these custom-houses, for it might be that
some of them were not authorized to be built by
law. I gave an instance of one in Tennessee in
which I knew the relinquishment of jurisdiction
could not happen until last December.
Mr. KING. The amendment is to carry out
the law. If there were any conditions not com-
plied with, of course this amendment does not
require anything which those laws did not re-
quire to be done.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am perfectly willing to in-
trust any officer of the Government with an ap-
propriation made by Congress for a building any-
where; but that should be considered as binding
upon the Department, or the President, or whose-
soever duty it was to do it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Nobody ever disputed that.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then you have a law con-
fining appropriations for two years staring in Ins
face, and yet he refuses to make a contract. I
want to know if it is not time that Congress should
jog his memory a little ? I do not want to censuie
the Secretary. The appropriations made in these
bills are generally dotted about the country; and
I do not think it is a matter of discretion with the
Executive to say, I will build such a one,and re-
fuse to build another one. I think he should go
forward and make a pretty fair distribution of the
amount. I have noticed that there was a return
made in the Secretary's report of sixteen or sev-
enteen million dollars, the application of which
was postponed to next year. I do not know but
that is vciy proper; and when we are short of
money, they may be bound to do it. When I
saw that, I asked the Senator from Mississippi if j
he did not hold an Administration responsible to
carry out the act of Congress? and he said he did.
All 1 want to say is, that 1 shall vote for this ap-
propriation, not certainly with any view of cen-
suring anybody, but I think that any Secretary
who is directed to build the building, unless there
is something in the act that interfered with the
perfounance of duty, is bound to build the build-
ing in a reasonable time. 1 do not say he shall
build it all in one year, but that he shall take a
reasonable time to discharge the duty.
Mr. DAYIS. He must get a site first.
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir; but it does not take
a long time, with due diligence, to get a site. I
have heard objections to these contracts. I know
enough about making contracts for buildings to
know that a Secretary would be very unwise to
undertake to build such a building as the Treas-
uiy building without making contracts in advance
of appropriations. No man would contract to
furnish material for such a building as the Treas-
ury building on one year's appropriation. It
would ruin him. Here is a building that will
probably cost two or three or more million dollars.
A man, to begin with, would have to furnish stone
large enough to sink a common vessel. He must
makean outlay togetsuch massive materials,and
to bu.ld ships to bring then) here. He must make
contracts ahead. I think it would be a strange
provision of law which would prevent the Secre-
tary of the Treasury from making contracts after
Congress ordered a building to be built that should
extend for more than one year. I know that you
do not appropriate for more than one year, but
certainly you must give some assurance to the
contractor that he would continue the contract
until the building was completed. 1 suppose
eve i ybody knows"! hat if there is no money appro-
priated, there will be no pay; but I think a con-
tract is b'tiding on the Government when judi-
ciuusly made, and not made against law or against
reason, or, if against law, it is ill favor of good
reason and good sense that it should be made for
the whole building at once.
On moLion of Air. WILSON, the Senate ad-
journed.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, J\luy 28, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by Rev. B. F. Bittinger.
"The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr ENGLISH. I ask leave this morning to
report, from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, the annual post route bill. It is a
very voluminous bill, covering sixty-five pages of
large-sized paper. It will no doubt receive large
additions by amendments in the Senate, and it
will be a groat relief to the clerks to get rid of it
at an early period. As it is a bill of general
interest, I hope the House will allow it to be re-
ported this morning. I desire to put the bill on
its passage at once. It has been very carefully
matured, and most of the members of the House
have had an opportunity of examining it.
Mr. READY. I have never seen this bill, and
I must object to its being reported, unless we can
have an opportunity to offer amendments.
Mr. ENGLISH. Is it in order to move to sus-
pend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. ENGLISH. I am sure that if the gentle-
man from Tennessee will reflect for a moment, he
will not object. If he desires amendments to be
made to the bill, it can be amended in the Senate;
but it ought to be introduced.
Mr. ATKINS. I hope my colleague will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. READY. If I can have an opportunity
to present my amendment here, I will not object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that he should let the bill
remain in the House to-day, so that members may
have an opportunity to examine it, and then he
can bring it up to-morrow.
Mr. ENGLISH. I propose, then, to introduce
the bill now, and have it read a first and second
time, and postponed until to-morrow, when I will
offer such amendments as I think ought to be put
in the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that there might be some difficulty in getting the
bill up. It would, perhaps, be betterfor the gen-
tleman to withdraw the bill for the present, and
let gentlemen offer such amendments as they de-
sire to submit before the bill is introduced.
Mr. ENGLISH. Well, I withdraw the bill,
and give notice to the House that, immediately
after the reading of the Journal to-morrow, I shall
propose to introduce the bill and put it upon its
passage; and, in the mean time, it will remain at
my desk, where gentlemen will have an oppor-
tunity of examining it.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of bill (No. 55G) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30,1859, reported yesterday from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
without amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and withdraw
the motion to recommit the bill; and now demand
the previous question on the bill.
Tho previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
"Mr. J. GLAt\CY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill of the House (No. 243) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1859, was next taken up for
consideration.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union reported it back with sundry amend-
ments. The question pending was on the mo-
tion of Mr. J. Gi.incv Jones to recommit the bill
to the Committee of Ways and Means, upon
which the previous question was demanded.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question. I also withdraw
the motion to recommit, and demand the previous
question on the bill.
Tho previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendments reported by the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union were then
read over, and such as no separate vote was de-
manded on were adopted m gioss.
