1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
the present fiscal year, will be used principally in, and there-
fore properly belong to, the next fiscal year.
For several years past our Army, though called a peace
establishment," has been, in fact, an Army on a war estab-
lishment, and necessarily incurring the expenditures of war.
The means for the movement of the army already ordered
for service in Utah, if brought together and formed in solid
column, would extend from this city to Baltimore.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
TH. S. JESUP,
Quartermaster General.
Hon. J. Glancy Jones, Chairman of Committee of Ways
and Means,
Here, sir, is the report of the estimate asking
for this extraordinary appropriation of $6,725,000,
coming from a bureau officer of the Government
to one of the committees of this House, without
the indorsement of the head of the Department,
without the indorsement of the Executive, and
without passing through the Treasury Depart-
ment, that that Department might know how to
propose the ways and means to meet the demands
under it. Much, of late, has been said about large
contracts; and, sir, the articles which are written,
published, and sent to the members here, may be
based upon these very amounts. If this appro-
priation pass, it will pass without the least evi-
dence that the executive department ever recom-
mended or asked for such an appropriation at the
hands of Congress.
But, sir, this document shows that $3,718,679
of this appropriation is for deficiencies for the last
and the current fiscal year; that over $3,000,000
is for the future, a great portion of which may
be used before the expiration of this fiscal year,
but which properly belongs to the next. Then,
until I can see some better reason for making this
$3,000,000 appropriation beyond the present fiscal
year, I cannot vote for it in this shape. We have
the estimates, and we have a bill here to make ap-
propriations for the Army for the next fiscal year;
and that bill, I hope, will pass before the expira-
tion of the present fiscal year, for I hope that
this session will come to a close before the 1st of
July next. Then we can place this appropriation
in the regular appropriation bill for the next fiscal
year; and, in my opinion, it would be much more
properly placed there than in this.
At any rate, I want the reasons of the Secre-
tary himself, if of no higher authority, why the
appropriation should be made. Is it for the pur-
poses of war ? And is there war existing with the
people of Utah ? They may be in a state of an-
archy , or ofopposition to this Government. What
should be done if they arc ? Perhaps my opinions
are not worth much upon this subject; but if I
could counsel those who have the control of these
affairs, I would say, send your officers there prop-
erly appointed to take charge of and administer
that government without an army accompanying
them to enforce their authority.
Mr. KEITT. The resolution on that subject
declared that war existed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I voted for a reso-
lution referring that subject to a committee. That
committee has not reported, and I take it for
granted, therefore, that they have not found the
evidence that they were in a state of rebellion.
Well, sir, send these officers then, and if that
people will not receive them, if they will not co-
operate in administering the government, let us
have the fact known, and then repeal the organic
law establishing a territorial government, and give
notice to Brigham Young and his hosts, that if
they will not conform to the provisions of law and
the Constitution of the United States, they must
leave our soil and go somewhere else. I believe
you have notyet disposed of the laud upon which
they are.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I desire to know when
the debate terminates upon this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will read the resolution he will see.
The CHAIRMAN. It terminates at the close
of the session to-day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then, I say that
if the people of Utah will not live as American
citizens, under the Constitution and laws of the
country, repeal your territorial law, and give them
fair notice to leave your soil, and, upon their
failure to do so, send your Army there and drive
them off. But so long as they behave themselves,
and demean themselves as citizens, I have noth-
ing to c'o with th.-ir religon; nor should this Gov-
ernment hare anything to do with them further
than they have with every other religious sect in
this country—give them protection to worship
under their own vine and fig-tree, unmolested by
any one.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not want to
get into a controversy with the gentleman in re-
gard to that resolution.
Mr. KEITT. The preamble of that resolution
is in this language:
££ Whereas, it appears, from the proclamation of Brigham
Young, late Governor of the Territory of Utah, from the
President's message, and from later developments, that the
said Territory is now in open rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I refer the gentle-
man to my friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Warren,]
who wrote that resolution.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman voted for it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I say, then, that
the appropriation for the future, in my opinion,
should not be retained in this bill.
There is another item in this bill, under the
head of the Army, "for subsistence in kind,
$1,220,000," and this is in a deficiency bill. It
does not say in the item itself when and how this
$1,220,000 is to beexpended,and to what partic-
ular period of service it is to apply. There is no
document, which I have seen, or been able to find,
showing that there is any deficiency in the ap-
propriation for subsistence in kind forthe current
fiscal year. The document upon which this item
is incorporated in the bill tells us when and how
it is to be appropriated. It is in a letter of the
Secretary of War, which is as follows:
War Department,
Washington, January 15, 1858.
Sm: I have the honor herewith to transmit, for the con-
sideration and action of the House of Representatives, an
estimate of funds required for subsistence of troops for the
Utah expedition, based upon the requirements of a circular
issued by the commanding general, dated January 11,1858.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD, Secretary of War.
lion. J. L. Orii, Speaker House of Representatives.
Estimate of funds required for subsistence of Utah expedi-
tion, as directed by circular dated Headquarters of the
Jinny, January 11,1858.
Aggiegate force, as per circular   5,606
Women to companies .'...   200
Servants     300
Employes  1,894
8,000
One year's supply for8,000—3G5days... 2,920,000 rations.
Eight months' supply for depot—245
days  1,960,000 "
Total number of rations   4,880,000 "
At 25 cents per ration   .$1,220,000 00
Note—This estimate is necessary to purchase, in advance
for twenty months, subsistence toi the ti oops composing the
army for Utah, that quantity being required to go forward
\\ ith the troops.
It is not an additional estimate, as the stores are to sup-
ply that portion of the army dining the fiscal year ending
June JO, 1859, and for part of the fiscal year ending June 30,
I860. GEO GIBSON,
Commissary General of Subsistence.
Office Commissary General of Subsistence,
Washington, January 13, 1858.
Here we are told that this item of $1,220,000,
so far from being a deficiency for the current year,
is to supply subsistence in kind for the Utah ex-
pedition, for the years 1859-60. Here we are,
in the year 1858; and what is the necessity for
making tins appropriation m a deficiency bill,
when it is all 'estimated for in the regular Army
appropriations for 1859, which will, I hope, be
passed before the 1st of July? Will not that give
them time enough to buy supplies and to send
them out there for the next year ? The appropri-
ations for the year 1860 will be made at the next
session of Congress, which will terminate on the
4th of March, 1859, four months before the com-
mencement of the fiscal year ending 30th June,
I860, which will give them ample time and op-
portunity to get the subsistence and forward it.
Sir, the Constitution of the United States pro-
vides that Congress shall have power to raise and
support armies, and that no appropriations to that
use shall be for a longer term than two years.
Now, sir, it will be said, in defense of this item,
that it is only for the year 1859, and for the eight
months of the year 1860. Which eight months
is it—the first, the middle, or the latter part of the
year? I think, at least, it is straining the Con-
stitution to make appropriations for the Army so
long in advance. Therefore I think that this item
ought to be stricken out.
There is one item, however, to which I wish
to call the attention of the House, under the head
of quartermaster's department. There are a great
many matters under this head, including horses,
mules, and oxen, the purchase and repair of
wagons, carts, drays, &c., lumpingup the whole
at $5,400,000—a larger amount of money, by
nearly one million dollars, than your whole Army
establishment proper cost the Government less
than fifteen years ago. Where are we, sir? Is
the Army of the United States subordinate to the
civil department ? And if it is, at this time, how
long will it continue so while your Army appro-
priations now are more than your whole Govern-
ment cost you per annum, fourteen years since ?
Then, sir, here is another item for payment of
clerks temporarily employed in the Post Office
Department. This item the Postmaster General
tells us is for clerks whose employment was rriade
necessary by the large amount of business in the
letting of the mails.
Another item is the sum of $1,469,173, for a
deficiency in the Post Office service. Now, let
us look for a moment at that branch of the public
service. The whole expenditure for the Post
Office service for the year ending June 30, 1845,
was $4,320,731 99. What is it this year, under
the system of cheap postage that has been estab-
lished in this country, for the establishment of
which certain gentlemen have taken great credit
to themselves? In my opinion, no man is entitled
to credit for reducing the postage rates, unless he
had, at the same time, devised some way by
which the mail would have been carried without
taxing the country for it. The Post Office estab-
lishment is one that renders private and individ-
ual service to the citizens of the United States,
and I believe that every man who receives such
service ought to pay for it in exact proportion to
the extent of service he receives. At the last
session of Congress you appropriated for this ser-
vice §14,474,000, and atthis session you are asked
for $1,469,473, making together $15,944,000. You
also, at the last session of Congress, appropriated
$1,120,850 for ocean mail service, making the ag-
gregrate expense for the Post Office service for
this year $17,065,160. And what are the receipts
from that branch ? Seven million seven hundred
and ninety-five thousand dollars, or, in round
numbers, seven and three quarter millions, leav-
ing between nine and ten millions to be drawn
from the people.
Itwill be necessary to make this appropriation
as you have incurred the liability; but you should
change your postage laws, and fix the rates of
postage so as to make the receipts defray the ex-
penses, and not have that service a burden on the
country, and tax those who receive no benefit
from it.
Then, sir, the third and last section of the bill
is as follows:  
" Sec. 3. And be it further enact ed, That the accounting
ofliceis of the Treasuiy be authorised and direr ted to allow
credit to the Clerk of the House of Uppirsentatives lor such
payments out of it* contingent fund as have been, or may
he, made under allowances authouzed by the Ilnu-<: of
Representatives during the last Congie^s : ]Jrorided, That
said allowances shall have been duly appioved by 1 lie Com-
mittee of Accounts: And be it further provided, That tile
said allowances be paid out of any moneys m the Treasury
not otheivvise appropriated."
Now, sir, I take the ground that this is not a
deficiency. It is based upon no law of Congress.
As I understand it, it repeals an existing law and
makes an appropriation giving this extra and in-
creased compensation to persons in the employ-
ment of this House, who have received every
dollar of compensation which the law authorized
them to receive when they accepteS the positions
which they occupy. And without this, your res-
olutions, passed during a former session of Con-
gress in violation of law, have no force and no
virtue. There is no amount specified in this sec-
tion of the bill. It is an indefinite amount. It is
to meet such payments as have been made, or
may be made, under allowances authorized by the
House. I believe the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] stated,in the remarks which he
made upon this bill, that, when the committee
came to this section, he would move to stride out
" allowances," and substitute " resolutions" of
