410
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gilman.
Ho. or Reps.
persuasion of the pro-slavery leaders. There had
been too many test votes. To have abandoned
their position after making such a record would
have indicated a glaring want of principle and
consistency. The intelligent mind of the country
seemed to be convinced that the Administration
would be overwhelmed with defeat. So much
firmness on the part of northern Democrats called
forth expressions of approbation and admiration
throughout the country. The Crittenden-Mont-
gomery bill passed the House, approved by Re-
publicans, Americans, and Democrats; a measure
approved by northern and southern members; a
measure fraught with peace and good will to Kan-
sas; and its passage in the House was hailed with
pleasure and delight by the people of the United
States. The Senate refused to sanction the bill.
The House voted to adhere. At last it became
evident to the House, and to those who have the
confidence of the Administration, that the Lecomp-
ton swindle could not be supported by a majority
of the members of the House of Representatives.
Some other scheme must be devised—something
that will save the honor and pride of the South
and will satisfy enough of the northern Demo-
crats to insure success.
It had been said by southern gentlemen that if
Kansas were not admitted under the Lecompton
constitution, the South would resort to extreme
measures. The dissolution of the Union was
threatened. Sentiments were uttered well calcu-
lated to excite terror and alarm in minds unaccus-
tomed to vehemence of manner and high-sound-
ing declamation—sentiments that might disturb
the equanimity of those who do not know and
do not believe that the Union of the States is the
security and protection of slavery. The dark,
dismal, and murky cloud of disunion rose before
us. Not one of the ninety-two Republicans lost
the possession of his faculties; the South Amer-
icans were composed; the Douglas Democrats
were calm and tranquil; the Lecompton monster
was slam; southern members did not abandon
their seats. In no southern State was the flag of
disunion raised. But, sir, if something had not
been done to relieve the pro-slavery leaders from
a most disagreeable dilemma, and the Administra-
tion from disgrace, how could the southern mem-
bersgo back to their constituents with any hope of
their approbation and support? James Buchanan,
President of the United States, presented a consti-
tution to the House of Representative, which he,j
knew to be a fiaud. He had brought down dis- j
grace upon himself, upon his Administration, i
upon the Republic, by this base attempt to impose :
upon the people of Kansas a constitution which I
they spurned and hated—a constitution present- j
ed at Lecompton by men who had no higher sense J
of duly and justice than to uphold and sustain
murdorns of innocent citizens and destroyers of
propeily, without, cause, or provocation. The
President of the United States must be preserved
from a lower depth of disgrace. His deep-laid
plots, his ingenious plans, the skill, the dexterity
of his officials in Kansas, availed nothing. The
crimes, the outrages, committed under the sanc-
tion of law, availed nothing. The Lecompton
monster was slain. A majority of the House of
Representatives, through weeks and months, 1
withstood the pressure and policy of the Admin-1
istration, and resolutely and repeatedly refused
to insult and degrade the people of a Territory,
wJiopc only crime had been that they prefeired a
constitution for freedom rather than for slavery. :
Resolutely end nobly did the majority refuse to
present to the intelligent but abused people of
Kansas the terrible issue of lasting disgrace or
revolutionary resistance. The Lecompton mon-
ster was slain. The desire and purpose of the
President to create civil discord, to impose sla-
very upon an unwilling and rcluctant people, was
not satisfied. Executive power, so potent, so
liable to be exerted beyond constitutional limits,
could not compcl the House to sanction a crime
and call it a constitution. Members from slave
States, with all the risks and hazaids to which
they were exposed,gave their votes and their in-
fluence to uphold the honor of the Republic, to
save the Territory of Kansas from the horrors of
civil war, and the Union from calamities which
threatened to befall it. No man can attribute un-
worthy or unpatriotic motives to such men. Wltll :
a full sense of responsibility both to their constit-
uents and the country, they gave their votes and
voice to vindicate the rights of American freemen.
This rebuke from slave States was more keenly
felt by the President than any and all opposition
from the North. Estimating #ther men by his
own standard, he had conceived that any meas-
ure, how base soever it might be, would readily
be accepted by the southern mind; that his devo-
tion to the South, illustrated by a capricious po-
litical career, would not be questioned; that his
willingness to use and abuse his power and posi-
tion to uphold a sectional policy, would naturally
induce a unanimous southern support.
The President did not imagine that any south-
ern member, unaffected by geographical position,
could take a clear and comprehensive view of the
relations of the whole country; could so demean
himself on this floor that his own constituents
would sustain him, and honorable men every-
where applaud and admire his independence and
manliness. This blow from the South fell with
great force upon the Administration; it annihilated
the Lecompton monster. Grave Senators from
the South and Senators from the North, southern
Representatives and northern Representatives,
whose highest aspiration seems to be to render
themselves more obnoxious to their constituents,
to impose upon an unoffending people a measure
fraught with danger to the peace and welfare of
the country—a measure sustained by traitors to
their country and the enemies of free institutions;
traitors who have been upheld by the Army of
the United States; by the patronage of the past
and present Administration; Grave Senators, I
say, distinguished members of this House, as-
sembled to devise a new scheme that would save
the Hunker or Buchanan party from disintegra-
tion or dissolution. It would be impossible and
even improper to portray too vividly the different
scenes and the appearance of the different actors.
To a favored few is known all that transpired
beneath the roof of the White House. It is not
difficult to imagine what transpired there. The
sachems of the party, with elongated visages, and
the President, whose countenance, as Byion hath
it, u was a tablet of unutterable thoughts," were
without doubt assembled. And had tins President
expressed himself m a truthful manner, he could
with propriety have said: " I, James Buchanan,
have done all that I could do to cheat the people of
Kansas out of their rights and privileges ? 1 have
sent to the House of Representatives the Lecomp-
ton swindle, a gigantic fraud, gentlemen, which,
had it been approved by the House, would have
done more than anything that I can conceive or
suggest to degrade American labor, to tarnish the
honor of the Republic, and to involve the Govern-
ment in disgrace before the civilized world; but
the House, a most obstinate, inflexible, and incor-
rigible body, will not take this Lecompton dose.
Now, ye gentlemen who love slavery more than
you love liberty, ye men whose conception of the
growth and grandeur of the Republic is derived
from the servility and degradation of the African,
come forward and give us ti plan. Give us the
scheme to preserve the unity and indivisibility
of the pro-slavery party. This party, which we
all love so tenderly, so deeply, and which we all
worship with a more than oriental devotion, must
be preserved. By this Democratic organization
we have done much to cripple the industry of the
free States. Much have we done to enable British
capital and British power to control American
maikets, and to enervate the arm of Amencan
labor. By this Democratic organization we have
given direction to the disposition and sale of the
public lands, and through the land oilicos of the
western country have enabled prominent men of
our party to accumulate immense fortunes. By
controlling the Government we have been able to
maintain a sectional policy; to array the North
against the South; and by the timely aid of the
Supreme Couithave established the doctrine that
the rights and privileges of a human being are to
be acknowledged and determined, not according
to the self-evident truths of the human mind, not
according to those qualities and faculties winch
distinguish man from the brute, but according to
color. If a man is very black he is not a citizen,
and has no rights. If a man is very white he can
enjoy all that is comprehended in American citi-
zenship. Look ye out, gentlemen, upon the vast
southern domain, and behold what has been done
for the South by the accretion of new territory!
Behold a vast area consecrated to African slavery!
Consider, too, what political advantages you have
derived from territorial aggrandizement. The
creation of slave States has given to you the
sway in the Senate. The Senate can appropriate
money without limit. The Senate controls the
Treasury. The Senate can add millions to ap-
propriation bills. The House can add nothing
to an appropriation bill not provided by law.
The Senate is under your control, and it gene-
rally has been; and it you would realize your
schemes of southern expansion, absorption, and
accretion, your dreams of a southern confed-
eracy, then you must retain a pro-slavery sway
in the Senate. If you would have a balance of
power, you must have that sway. The senti-
ment of the civilized world is against you. All
those great agencies which have done so much to
supplant physical energies or muscular power,
give to freedom an advantage over slavery, en-
able free men to move with great rapidity and great
facility; and, unless you are on the alert, will
enable free men to occupy the Territories of the
Republic, and adorn them with all the arts of
civilized and enlightened communities. Let us,
then, have the scheme that will save the Demo-
cratic party from dissolution, and enable the
southern States to control the Treasury of the Re-
public. 5' The conference bill is produced; and the
sachems of the party, after a severe debate and a
thorough examination, determine to take the dose
and also to commend it to the lips of such Doug-
las Democrats as would abandon the bold and
manly position which they had pledged them-
selves to maintain.
I will now present, for the consideration of the
Rouse, my views in relation to this wonderful cre-
ation of artful politicians—the conference hill. I
will not call it the English bill, becausc it smacks
1 more of Virginia and Georgia than of Indiana,
i The people of Kansas, on the 4th day of January,
| 1858, rejected the Lecompton swindle by an over-
I whelming majority; yet, by the conference bill,
j you propose to the people of Kansas to accept
I the swindle or not to enjoy the advantages of a
State government until there is a population in
the Territory of ninety-three or a hundred and
twenty thousand. By what article, or section, or
clause, of the Constitution of the United States,
can Congress present such an issue as this to the
people of Kansas ? Where do you find a prece-
dent for such a mode of procedure? Turn to your
congressional proceedings; turn to the records of
the past; examine the annals of your country.
You will search in vain. If the people of ICansas
will do that which is repugnant to them; if they
will do that which they believe to be dishonora-
ble and unjust; if they will do that which would
expose them to the contempt and ridicule of en-
lightened men; if they will yield up their sense
of self-respect and humiliate themselves before the
civilized world, and will lick the dirt at the feet of
three hundred and fifty-seventhousand slave-hold-
ers, then they need not wait until there are ninety-
three or one hundred and twenty thousand popu-
lation, but can at once have a State and live under
a constitution which is notofthoir own creation—
a constitution, in all human probability, concocted
here, in the city of Washington, and sent out to
Kansas to be approved by a convention upheld
and supported by United States bayonets.
There is another consideration. It was as-
serted, in the other wing of the Capitol, by the
Senator from Missouri, [Air. Green-,] by the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and in
this House by the member from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] that the people can have no vote upon
the Lecompton swindle. It will be remembered
by all present, that the question was submitted to
the gentleman from Georgia, and his reply was
prompt, and directly to the point. It will be no-
ticed that the bill is very carefully and adroitly
.and cunningly drawn. It is, in all its features, a
foxy production; and, amid all the verbiage and
all the periods contained in the five sections, there
is but one allusion to the swindle perpetrated at
Lecompton. It can be seen in the first section,
and here is the language, or extract:
u But, flioukl a majority of the votes cast be for 'propo-
