1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MB
such expedition or enterprise from the territories or juris-
diction of the United States against the terntories or do-
minions of any foreign prince or State, or of any colony,
distuct, or people, with whom the United States aie at
peace."
What is the President's power under that? It
is to use the land or naval forces, or the militia,
to prevent the carrying on of an enterprise from
the jurisdiction of the United States. Where is
he to exercise it? In Nicaragua5 Look at the
v/ords of this section. The power given to the
President is a power to prevent. It is to prevent
an expedition before it starts from the territory
of the United States. It is to prevent the carry-
ing on of it, not to stop it after it has been carried
on. lie is to prevent the carrying on of an expe-
dition, not to arrest the expedition after it has dis-
embarked at the port to which it is destined. He
is to prevent its being carried on from the terri-
tory of the United States, not to arrest it in the
territory of some other Power.
Why, sir, such a collection of words of settled
signification in the English language, and accord-
ing to all the principles of law, cannot be found
in any other statute. To give this law the con-
struction that gentlemen claim for it, is to give the
President of the United States a power as abso-
lute as that of the Autocrat of Russia. I say his
power, under this section, is no greater over the
naval forces than over the land forces; and it is
no greater over the naval and land forces than it
is over the militia of any State of the Union. And
now let us see what gentlemen have to say to the
consequences of their own aigument. William
Walker was in Nicaragua. They tell us the Pres-
ident could send the naval forces there to bring
him away. To be suie, his expedition was over,
as far as it was an expedition. It had reached
the destined shore. It was an expedition no longer.
It was expedition expedite. It was not being car-
ried on. It was aheady completed, so far as the
expedition was concerned. It is said the President
can go to Nicaragua and bung them away, and
can take the Navy for that purpose ! Can he take
the Army? Can he take the militia? If he can
take the Navy, he can take the Army and the mi-
litia, and when is the power to stop? He found
these men at the mouth of the liver; he took them
away peaceably. Suppose they had refused to
come; suppose, when Commodore Paulding sum-
moned the surrender, they had refused to surren-
der; suppose, when he fired, they had fired again:
then, wncie is the President's power? To make
•war m a foreign country, to take the Navy, the
Army, and the militia, to carry on a war in a for-
eign country, withoutany act of Congress ! Some
of them had gone up the river foity or fifty miles,
and hud taken possession of a fort.
Does the President's power extend to sending
the Army and Navy up the iiver? Flo summons
the fort to surrender, and the fort does not sur-
render; has he the power to lire on it? And if he
and Iiis troops be beaten and driven off, has lie the
power to getfemforcements and go again ? Sup-
pose, after he has arrived there, General Walker
and his men succeed in defeating the forces of the
United States: has the President power to make
new levies ? Is it true that, under this act of Con-
gress, the President, of his own will, without
notice to Congress, without leave of Congress,
can transport not merely the Navy, but the entire
Army of the United States, and the militia of every
State of the Union, into Central America to carry
on war? That is what it comes to.
I said before, and I say again, that the law is
susceptible of no such construction. It violates
the plainest rules of English grammar. It vio-
lates the plainest principles of constitutional law.
The power of the President is to use the Army
and the Navy and the militia to prevent the ex-
pedition; to prevent its being carried on from our
territory; and when he has done that, his power
is at an end. If they succeed in escaping him, it
is no more than happens with regard to twenty
other crimes that are committed every day. If
he wants more power, let him come to Congress.
But he has not it yet; and that, in my judgment,
is the whole of this question.
It is said that William Walker sailed in an
American "vessel, arid that the American vessel be-
longs to our jurisdiction. True, and for any of-
fense committed whilst on boaid that vessel he is
amenable to our law; but it is not alleged that he
committed any,for it is not an offense, under the
act of 1818, to fit out an expedition in foreign ports
against citizens of other Powers; but only to fit
it out against our own citizens.
The Senator from Wisconsin said the other day,
as I understood him, that the Government was
responsible for acts of violence committed by its
citizens. I said then that I should like to hear the
law for that. It is a monstrous proposition. If
one of our citizens goes over into Canada and com-
mits a homicide, are we amenable as a nation?
Certainly not.
But the Senator was to show me the law for it;
and he read, with great self-satisfaction, a par-
agraph to the effect that if a Government know-
ingly permits its subjects to commit acts of ag-
gression, and, having the power to prevent them,
does not prevent them within its limits, it be-
comes a casus belli. X do not doubt that; I do not
deny it. That is not the proposition at all. The
proposition is, that these men, according to his
own statement, escaped all our just means of pre-
vention, went beyond our limits, and there com-
mitted their offense. If they had been arrested
by the President, or if they had been delivered up
to Commodore Paulding by the authorities of
Nicaragua as offenders against our law, and re-
stored here, it would have been a diffcient case;
we could have proceeded to a trial; but these men
have had no trial. Their property has been taken
from them; their enterprise, whether it was good,
bad, or indifferent,has been broken up;and when
they ask for redress, or ask for attention, or for
some sort of hearing; demand to know the nature
and cause of the accusation against them, why
they have thus been interrupted, we are enter-
tained with a discourse about the evils of filibus-
tering.
I did not, on the former occasion, say a single
woid m favor of William Walker and his enter-
prise. I do not know that I undei stand his enter-
prise. If he has gone hence to a peaceful country
and committed acts of aggression and "violence
upon unoffending people, he deserves the severest
reprehension; but if he has gone to a country that
has been distracted by civil war for the last ten or
fifteen years, and especially if he has been invited
there, and has taken upon himself and his follow-
ers all the fate of war, he has done no more than
all the conquerors and great soldiers of antiquity
and of modern times have done.
We are told of the virtuous indignation of Nic-
aragua. What is Nicaragua? She is but a name,
a myth to-day. Who is this gentleman who
assumes to forgive her debts? He is a sort of
general agent and attorney for half a dozen of the
nations down there. He represents one or an-
other of them in these papers, as he finds it most
convenient. If theie lie any truth in them, Nic-
aragua is conquered by other and ad jacent Povveis,
and even the conqueiois cannot hold possession
of the territory; but they assume, in her name, to
set up a sort of sovereignly, and to send repre-
sentatives to our Government.
If this be so, Wllhatn Walker does not deserve
half the reprehension; but it is not a case of his
enterprise. It is not a case of Commodore Pauld-
ing. I do not care whether Congress vote him a
medal or not. I shall vote him no medal; that
is very certain. I do not care to pass on the par-
ticular question whether he did or did not tian-
scend his instructions. These are questions of an
hour; but the great question that lies behind, is a
question which touches the right of every Ameri-
can: ay, that touches the integrity and salvation
of the Government, if the President of the United
States has this mighty power. If, within our
limits and jurisdiction, he can do nothing that is
not set down in our statute-books; but the mo-
ment ho goes out on the high seas, or the moment
he goes into some foreign country, the consent of
that country can arm him with a new and despotic
authoi ny, it is high time that we had found some
limits to an executive power as extraordinary and
as absolute as this. Consent of Nicaragua! .Sup-
pose Great Britain consents, to-day, that our Pres-
ident may transport the militia there, will that
make it legal? Would that excuse him from im-
peachment, if the Grand Juryat the other end of
the Capitol should bring him to our bar? I-Ie has
no more power to take the Navy than to take the
militia. Suppose Russia consents that the Presi- ,
dent may take the mili'.ia of the State of Wiscon- i
sin to the Crimea, for the purpose of bringing !
back any American he may find lurking there in
suspicious attitude, orsuspiciousenterprisesrwil!
that authorize him to do it?
Sir, this is the answer to it all. The power of
the President over the Navy, under that law, and
under that section, is the same exactly as his power
over the Army and over the militia. If he can
take the Navy, he can take the Army and the
militia. If he can go to the coast of Nicaragua,
he can touch the shore of Nicaragua. If he can
touch the shore, he can go into the interior. If
he can direct his officer to point his runs, he carv
direct the officer to fire, and return a fire; and thus
you have authorized the President, by this doc-
trine, to go abroad and make war on his own ac-
count, and that under a law which, in the jealous
language of our ancestors, was careful in confer-
ring on the President power to use military force.
As the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs},
well said, when this subject was under debate be-
fore, our ancestors for many reasons would not
allow the President to use the Army or Navy
even to cxecute the laws of the United States
within our own limits. They would only intrust
him with the militia. It was not until 1804, I
think, that he was authorized to call in the Army
and the Navy; and lie is authorized to use them,
now to the same extent in those places where the
writs and warrants of the United States run, in
those places which are so peculiarly our own, that
if a foreign nation makes a capture there it is a
violation of our sovereignty. Within that do-
minion where we have a right to- arrest offenders
by civil process, there, as on the land, he can use
the land and the naval forces and the militia for
the purpose of making arrests, and preserving the
public peace. That is the whole of the law. If
the President wants more power, if the case ic-
quires more law, I am ready to receive the ap-
plication with the utmost patience, and with the
utmost confidencc in the President himself; but I
say asrain, when power is to be drawn by con-
struction, it ought to attract'the attention of Con-
gress and of the country. That is the insidious
approach through which arbitrary power comes
on every people. It is generally to be justified
by the bad conduct or the bad character of the
person to whom it is applied. We are told that
anything is justifiable against pirates and filibus-
ters; anil having adopted that principle, having
relaxed our vigilance as guardians of public lib-
erty, we are then to have the precedent set by
which in future time perhaps other Presidents,
not like this one, may go on to execute arbitrary
authority over his fellow-citizens on the high seas,
and in other countries.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President 
Mr. CLAY. I will suggest to the Senator from
Maryland, if he proposes to continue the discus-
sion at this time, that other Senators on this side
of the Chamber desire to say something on it, and
that we may be detained here to a very late hour,
if we continue the debate now. I ask him if he
would prefer speaking this evening ? If not, 1 will
move an adjournment.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 will consent to that.
Air. MASON. Allow me one instant. I in-
tended, if I could be fortunate enough to get the
floor, without the slightest discourtesy to the Sen-
ator who introduped this resolution, to have moved
that it should be laid on the table, for the reason
that this whole subject has very recently, within
the last week, been referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations; and I feel a strong assurance
that that committee will be prepared to report afc
the next meeting of the Senate. The whole ques-
tion will then be before the Senate in a considered
form. Unless it is objected to, I "will now move
to lay the resolution on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MASON. Of course I will not interfere
with the Senator from Maryland,if he desires to
speak on the subject.
Mr. PEARCE. I give way for an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. GREEN. I desire an executive session.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Monday.
