364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 21, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Jabez Fox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
QUALIFICATION OF A MEMBER.
Hon. Daniel W. Gooch, a Representative elect
from the seventh congressional district of Mas-
sachusetts, in the place of Nathaniel P. Banks,
resigned, appeared and was qualified by taking
the oath to support the Constitution of the United
States,
MEMBERS OF COMMITTEES EXCUSED.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I rise, Mr.
Speaker, to a matter personal to myself, which
will occupy but a minute. I am constrained to ask
the House to excuse me from serving upon the
special committee raised under the resolution of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] to inves-
tigate the disbursement of a New England manu-
facturing company to influence the legislation of
the last Congress on the tariff. I am already on
one of the most laborious committees in the House;
and for other reasons, of a personal nature, I
think it utterly impossible to render any service to
that committee atthepiesent time. Therefore, I
hope the House will excuse me.
Mr. DURFEE. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not be excused from service
upon that commiUce. The gentleman will recol-
lect that, in the course of his remarks the other
day, in his very earnest manner he accused the
gentlemen from New England of having joined
hands with the free traders of the South to strike
down the interests of Pennsylvania. I will not
say, and do not say, that he said they were in-
fluenced by the money of Lawrence, Stone & Co.,
though, from the connection of his remarks, such
an inference might be easily inferred. Now, al-
though, after the report of the committee of con-
ference at the last Congress upon the tariff, my
vote was recorded against its final passage 
_ Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. What is the mo-
tion before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks to be excused from service on the
committee under the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Is the gentleman
talking to that, and objecting to it?
Mr. DURFEE. I do object to it. Although
after the report of the committee of conference,
at the last session, which emasculated the bill so
far as the interest of the cotton manufacturers
was concerned, my vote was recorded against its
final passage, still, as one of the Representatives
of New England, I wish to see this matter thor-
oughly investigated; and for that reason I hope
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will not be ex-
cused. I want his mind relieved upon the sub-
ject. I cannot, and will not credit the reports of
corruption on the part of members of Congress.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
It is that the remarks now being submitted by
the gentleman from Rhode Island are not relevant
to the question of excusing the gentleman from
Pennsylvania from service upon the committee;
and I also submit that the question is not de-
batable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no rule (
whkh prohibits debate upon this proposition.
Mr. S PEPI-IENS, of Ucorgia. There is a rule
which prohibits debate upon a motion to be ex-
cused from voting.
The SPEAKER. There is such a rule, but no j
rule prohibiting debate upon a motion to excuse !
from seivire upon a committee; but the Chair is j
of opinion that the remarks of the gentleman from !
Rhode Island should be confined directly to as- i
signing reasons why the gentleman from Penn- \
syivania should or should not be excused from 1
service. j
Mr. DURFEE. At the request of friends I,
withdraw my opposition. I
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pen nsylvania. I would just 1
like to make this remark to the gentleman from j
Rhode Island, that if what he supposes to be the j
case were true, he ought to know that I should ,
be the last man to be on the committee. I want !
him to have a fair committee.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman has addressed
the House once upon this question. I must ob-
ject. The committees are anxious to make re-
ports.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Oh, well,
sir, I have no disposition to trespass further upon
the time of the House.
The question was then taken;and Mr. Kunkel
was excused.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I ask the House to ex-
cuse me from serving on the special committee to
investigate the conduct of the Doorkeeper of the
last House. I have reasons for making this re-
quest of the House which I have communicated
to the chairman of the committee, and which I
believe are perfectly satisfactory to him. I hope,
therefore, that I may be excused.
The question was taken; and Mr. Purviance
was excused.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports.
CHARLES J. INGERSOLL.
Mr. PHILLIPS, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported a bill for the relief of Charles J.
Ingersoll; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported the following bills;
which were severally read afirst and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill making appropriations for the preserva-
tion and repairs of fortifications and other works
of defense, barracks, and quarters, for the year
ending 30th June, 1859;
A bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending 30th June, 1859;
A bill making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th Juno, 1859; and
A bill making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1859.
DEFICIENCY FOR PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to appropriate money
to supply defiriotti'ios in the appropriations for the
paper, punting, binding, and engraving ordered
by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the amount
of the deficiency? I would like the bill to be read
if it is not very long.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not propose that the bill
shall be acted upon at the present time. It cannot
be acted on in the House. It must be considered
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and I move that it be referred to that com-
mittee, and be printed.
In reply to the inquiry of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] I will say, that upon in-
quiry and examination, the Committee of Ways
and Means find that there is a large deficiency for
the purpose of paying for paper, printing, binding,
and engraving which had been oideiud by the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives for the last two
Sreceding Congresses—amounting to #790,000.
ut, sir, I do not desire to debate "the bill now. I
shall endeavor, as soon as this bill and the accom-
panying papers shall have been printed, to call the
attention of the Committee of the Whole to its con-
sideration, because there arc large amounts now
due on account of these expenditures.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 would inquire
of the gentleman if much of this printing is yet
unexecuted ?
Mr. PHELPS. I am informed that a portion
of it is; but nearly all the works have been printed
in part, and the manuscript furnished. At an-
other time I shall be willing to give a full expla-
nation, and to state the reasons that induced the
committee, and myself as a member of it, to re-
port this bill. At this time I cannot do it.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
GEORGE W. BRISCOE.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
George W. Briscoe; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Commi ttee of the Whole
House, and, with the report and accompanying
papers, ordered to be printed.
JOHN HASTINGS-
Mr. GILLTS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill for the relief of John
Hastings, collector of the port of Pittsburg.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 object.
CAPTAIN JAMES M'iNTOSH.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back a bill for the relief of James
Mcintosh, captain in the United States Navy;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying papers, or-
dered to be printed.
EDWARD D. TIPPETT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, presented an adverse report
in the case of Edward D. Tippett; which was laid
on the table and ordered to be printed.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It. will be rec-
ollected that a few days ago the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Taylor] introduced a bill as a sub-
stitute for House bill No. 45, for the better security
of the lives of passengers on board of steamers. It
was understood by him,and by the House, that the
same was to be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I understand that the Jour-
nal does not show that such an order was given.
I hope, therefore, that the correction will be made.
The SPEAKER. Perhaps it would be better
for the House now to make the order. The Chair
was of opinion that the motion to print had pre-
vailed, but the minutes do not show the fact.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I move
that it be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNF,, of Illinois. I am also di-
rected by the Committee on Commerce to ask
leave to have printed a report to accompany that
subject.
Ii was so ordered.
REFUNDING OF DUTIES.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE,from the Committee
on Commerce, reported a bill to refund to Barclay
& Livingston,and otheis, duties on certain goods,
destroyed by fire, in the city of New York, on the
li)th day of July, 1845; which was read afirst and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House,and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
MARINE SIGNALS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported a bill to provide for the
general introduction of a uniform national code of
marine signals; which was read a fkstand second
time.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, ordered to be printed,
and made the special order for the first Wednes-
day in February. It is very important that the
subject-matter of this bill should be considered
by this House. It has reference to the commer-
cial and marine interests of th3 Union, and not
only to them, but it has reference to the lives of
our citizens, and of all employed on the ocean. It
is of more importance to the commerce of the
country, to the reputation of the country, to hu-
manity towards the citizens of the country, than
any other biil that can be presented to this House.
It can be made to appear within a small compass
of time, when the subject shall regularly come up,
that the bill ought to be acted upon and passed by
this House in preference to any other bill that will
be submitted to its attention. It is under these
considerations and with these views that I pre-
sent this request to the House, and ask that, by
unanimous consent, it may be made the special
order for some day in the future. I trust there will
be no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the stateofthe Union, and, with the report and
accompanying papers, ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
