1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2475
It appears, from the report, that the petitioner
was a landsman in the service of the United
States on board of the ship-of-war Brandywine,
when under the command of Commodore P. A.
Parker; that he served out his time, and was
honorably discharged; that while in said service,
in the month of May, A. D., 1844, a cataract
formed in one eye. In July following inflam-
mation and an abscess appeared. In the winter
following the disease extended to the other eye,
and he became utterly and entirely blind. That
on the 20th of September, 1845, he was sent to
and received in the naval hospital near Ports-
mouth, Virginia, and was discharged from the
service on the 6th of May, 184C, blind. It fur-
ther appears that the said disability occurred
while he was actually in the service aforesaid,
and in the line of his duty.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the committee, I would like to make a sug-
gestion. [Cries of 44 Agreed! agreed !"] It is this:
I know the gentlemen feel dissatisfied with me—
not to say anything now about it—for objecting
to their claims. I am willing nowthatthey may se-
lect any claim upon the Calendar, and if they will
give us a vote upon it in the House by yeas and
nays, may go there. I am willing that they may dis-
charge the committee from the whole Calendar, if,
when they bring the bills into the House, they will
give us a vote by yeas and nays upon any bill
which the yeas and nays are called for. [Cries of
" Agreed !"] I am willing that that shall be done.
I do not wish lieie, by my objection, to thwart
and defeat what the majority wish to do. But
your rule is, that upon this day any bill upon the
Calendar, to which there is no objection, shall bo
reported to the House. When a bill is read on
these objection days, and a gentleman objects to
the principle involved in it, if he fails to object,
it is the same as if he votes for the bill.
Now, I am willing to allow the committee to
be discharged from the consideration of all the
bills oil the Calendar, if gentlemen will sive us a
vote upon them when we get into the House.
[Cries of " Agreed !"]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object to
any such agreement.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to make a single sug-
gestion. I wish to say that members upon this
side of the House have manifested a disposition
throughout to allow the appropriation bills to be
acted on, and to give the dominant majority here
achanceto perfect the public business of the coun-
try. I object to the proposition made by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, because it is well known
that if it be agreed to, the call of the yeas and
nays on half a dozen bills would terminate the
private business for the session.
We can do no good to the private claimants if
this disposition to object to everything continues
to be manifested. I want the responsibility to rest
where it belongs; and if no other gentleman ob-
jects, I object to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Tennessee.
[Cries of Read on !"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. My suggestion would be for
the purpose of advancing business.
Mr. HARLAN. I know of no better way of
advancing the public business than by proceed-
ing with the Calendar.
DEPREDATIONS OF CREEK INDIANS.
A bill (II. R. No. 367) to provide for the ex-
amination and payment of certain claims of citi-
zens of Georgia and Alabama, on account of
losses sustained by depredations of the Creek
Indians.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the gentleman will
not visit upon me his dissatisfaction at having
his bill objected to.
Mr. POTTLE. Objection has been made, and
I call for the regular oider.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think that bill
ought to have been sent to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DEAN. I object to debate.
Mr. SHORTER. I object, and I give notice
that I shall object to every bill on the Calendar.
Gentlemen are objecting here without ever hear-
ing the bills read.
Mr. SEWARD. Then we can do no business,
and I move that the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. T liope the
gentleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SHORTER. No sir, I object.
PETER PARKER.
A bill (C. C. H. R. No. 85) for the relief of
Peter Parker. [Objected to by Mr. Shorter.]
Mr. GREENWOOD. If the committee will
hear me, I can make a suggestion which will re-
move the difficulty.
Mr. POTTLE. I object to any statement, and
call for the regular order.
HUGH GLENN.
A bill (H. R. No. 441) for the relief of the as-
signees of Hugh Glenn. [Objected to by Mr.
Shorter.]
J. C. G. KENNEDY.
A bill (H. R. No. 442) for the relief of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy.
Mr. SHORTER. I object; and I shall object
to every other bill that is read.
CAPTAIN MILLER.
A bill (H. II. No. 354) for the relief of the heirs
of Captain Miller. [Objected to by Mr. Short-
er.]
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee
rise; and when the House gets in a better humor
we can come back again. It is evident we can do
| nothing now.
' The motion was not agreed to.
' Mr. WASIIBURN, of Maine. I ask the con-
i sent of the committee to make a single statement,
i Mr. POTTLE. I object.
1 Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the commit-
tee will listen for a single moment 
[Ciies of tc Order!" " Order !"]
JOSEPH HARDY AND ALTON LONG.
A bill (II. R. No. 444) for the relief of Joseph
Hardy and Alton Long. [Objected to by Mr.
Shorter.]
Mr. TRIPPE. As the gentleman from Ala-
bama has indicated his purpose to object to ah the
bills, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
ENOCH B. TALCOTT.
A bill (S No. 77) for the relief of Enoch B.
Talcott. [Objected to by Mr. Shorter.]
SAMUEL A. FAIRCHILDS.
A bill for the relief of Samuel A. Fairchilds.
[Objected to by Mr. Shorter.]
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask consent to make
a statement
Mr. POTTLE. I object.
Mr. LEITER. I hope the reading of the Cal-
endar will be stopped where it is, until this difli-
1 culty shall have been gotten over with.
! Mr. POTTLE. I object to any debate, and
| call for the regular order of business.
! Mr. LEITER. I only wanted to makeastate-
! ment for the benefit of the House.
; Mr. POTTLE. I object,
t Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I now wish
I to appeal to the committee to accept the piopo-
: sition of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
! Jones.]
; Mr. DEAN. I object to that.
! HALL NEILSON.
| Joint resolution (H. R. No. 2]) for the relief
| of HallNeilson. [Objected to by Mr. Shorter.]
ELIAS HALL.
An act (S. No. 68) for the relief of EliasITall,
of Rutland, Vermont. [Ohjecfed to by Mr.
1 Shorter.]
i SHADE CALLOWAY.
A bill (H. R. No. 38G) for the relief of Shade
■ Calloway. [Objected to by Mr. Shorter.]
; Mr. NICHOLS. It is useless to go on in this
, manner. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman will
} withdraw that motion until v/e have gone on for
: two or three bilio further.
Mr. NICHOLS. I think we had better rise.
I insist upon my motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. It is evident, sir, that we are
doing wrong.
Mr. POTTLE. I object to any debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I trust we shall now go back
and undo the business we have done in this way.
Mr. DEAN, Mr. POTTLE, and others, ob-
jected to debate.
D. O. DICKINSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of D. 0.
Dickinson.
Mr. SHORTER. I object to that bill, and I
shall state just this to the committee 
Mr. POTTLE. I object.
Several Members. Do not object to the state-
ment.
Mr. POTTLE. I object; and do not withdraw
my objection.
Mr. SHORTER. Very well; go on. I shall
object to every bill.
MRS. JANE SMITH.
An act (S.No. 73) authorizing Mrs. Jane Smith
to enter certain lands in the State of Alabama.
[Objected to by Mr. Shorter.]
Mr. EUSTIS. I move that the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
NEHEMIAH STOKELY.
A bill (H. R. No. 447) for the relief of the heirs
of Nehemiah Stokely, a revolutionary officer.
Mr. COBB. What has become ot Senate bill
No. 73 }
The CHAIRMAN. It was objected to.
Mr. COBB. Then I think I had better follow
the illustrious example of my colleague, [Mr.
Shorter,] and object. I do object.
THOMAS WILLIAMS.
A bill (H. R. No. 448) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Lieutenant Thomas Williams,
a revolutionary officer. [Objected to by Mr.
Shorter ]
Mr. SEWARD. I understand the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Pottle] has withdrawn his
objection to the explanation which the gentleman
from Alabama proposes to make to the commit-
tee.
Mr SHORTER. I simply wish to say that
when the bill to provide for the examination and
payment of certain claims of citizens of Georgia
and Alabama, on account of losses sustained by
i depredations of the Creek Indians was called, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey] ob-
jected before the bill or report was read, and of
course before he could have understood anything
of the merits of the bill. I thought he objected on
sectional grounds, because the names of Georgia
and Alabama appeared in the title. I thought it
was an extraordinary course of proceeding for a
gentleman to object to a biil before he could pos-
sibly understand what it was. This is a claim in
which many of my constituents are interested.
Mr. SEWARD. And many of mine.
Mr. SHORTER. The payment of these claim-
ants was recommended by General Jackson when
he was Piesident. This bill was unanimously
reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs, it
has passed the Senate several times. I thought it
due my constituents that legislation should not
proceed on other bills if they are not to have their
claims examined and allowed because they be-
long to a particular section. Having understood,
however, that the objection of the gentleman from
New York was not made on sectional grounds, I
now withdraw my objections to this bill, and all
the others which have been passed over since the
one to which I have referred.
Mr. KELSEY. I wish to say to the commit-
tee that I did not object to the bill mentioned by
the gentleman from Alabama upon auy sectional
grounds. I objected because I saw from the
reading of the title of the bill that it contained
ptovisions relating to many individuals, and I
thought it was a bill which should not pass sim-
ply without objection and without explanation.
I thought it should be maturely considered. I con-
fess that in addition to this I felt some little irri-
tation m consequence of an objection which was
made by another gentleman to a bill in which I
felt some interest for an old soldier who was
maimed in battle, and which I thought ought to
pass without objection.
