1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
35th Cong.*.. 1 st Sess.
Soldiers of 1812—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
American Congress a broad and comprehensive
policy worthy of a great Republic, and of an en-
lightened age. A great battle is to be fought, and
a great victory to be won. There will be no rush
of adverse battalions, nor the booming of artil-
lery; nor will there be seen the " pomp and cir-
cumstance" of war. The victory will be noise-
less and sublime. The rapid increase of popu-
lation, the superior mobility of the free race, the
emigration of the Old World, and the emigra-
tion of the New World, the steam-engine, and
that power which flashes thought from mind to
mind, are considerations that the slave power must
encounter on this continent. Who will cherish
a doubt as to the result? What reflecting mind
cannot discern in the future a complete vindica-
tion of those great principles which impelled the
heroes of the Revolution, and the founders of the
Government? The intelligence of the age is on
the side of freedom; and so is the moral power
of the age.
SOLDIERS Of? 1812.
SPEECH OF HON. H. MAYNARD,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
May 24, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Wffble on the
state of the Union—
Mr. MAYNARD said:
Mr. Chairman: There is a bill before the com-
mittee in which those whom I have the honor to
represent on this floor feel a much deeper interest
than they do either in the Kansas or Minnesota
bill; and to that bill I propose toaddressmyselffor
a short time. 1 refer to the bill providing pensions
• to the soldiers of the war of 1812. As the posi-
tion of that bill is such in the committee that it
may be difficult for me to obtain the floor when
the bill shall again be considered, to present to the
committee the views 1 entertain upon the subject,
I have sought this occasion, and adopted this
mode, to bring to the notice of the committee an
amendment to the bill which is there pending, of
which amendmentl gave notice on aformer day.
That amendment, which is in the nature of a
substitute, is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Statcsof Jlmericain Congress assembled, That
each of the surviving officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, who may have been in themihtnry
service of the United States, either in the regular Army,
State troops, volunteers, or militia, in the conduct and pios-
ecution of any war in which the Government of the CJmted
States may have been engaged ptior to the l&t day of July,
m the yeai 1818, foi a penod of six months, oi longer, or
who may have been engaged tn active battle with an enemy
in behalf of the United States prior to that date, or who may
havs been wounded while m the actual .service of tiie Uni-
ted States prior to that date, though not m battle ; and each
of the officers, non-commissioned officers, and mai ines, who
may have been m the naval service of the United States in
the conduct and prosecution of any war in which the Gov-
ernment of the United States may have been engaged for a
like period, or who may iiave been engaged m active battle
with an enemy in behalf of the United State*; or who may
have been wounded while m the actual service of the Uni-
ted States (though not in battle) prior to the same date, shall
be authorized to receive, payable semi annually, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise apprupnated, an
amount equal to his full pay in said service according rolns
rank, but not to exceed m any ca=e the pay of a captain of
infantiy; such pay to commence from and after the 1st day
of July, 1358, and to continue duung his natural life ; and
each of the said officers, non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates, hi the military service, and each of the
said officeis, non-commissioned officers, and marines, in the
naval service, who may have served as aforesaid, pnor to
the 3ate aforesaid,for any period less than st* month',shall
be authorized to icceive in like manner an amount equal to
half pay, according to his rank in said service, to commence
from and after the 1st day of July, 1858, and to continue
during his natural life : Provided, That the benefit* of this
act shall in nowise extend to any one still in the military or
naval service and pay of the United .States • Jlnd provided,
That the benefits of this act shall not extend to any one re-
ceiving a pension from the United States by virtue of any
law now in force, unless such peison shall relinquish all
claim to any other pension exceptsueh as is granted by this
act.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any such offi-
cer, non-commissioned officer, orpnvate, or musician, m
the'mihtary service of the United States,as aforesaid, or any
officer, non-commissioned officer, or marine, in the naval
service of the United States, as aforesaid, may have died,
or shall hereafter die, leaving a widow surviving him,
such widow shall be authorized to receive fiom the Treas-
ury, in like manner, the same amount of money that her
husband, if living, would have been authorized to receive
under the provisions of this act, from and after the 1st day
of July,1858, or from and after the decease of her husband,
(in case he shall have died after the 1st day of July, 1858,)
for and during her natural life.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the moneys
granted by this act shall be paid to the several beneficiaries
thereof, or to his, her, or their legal attorney, duly author-
ized agent or attorney, ageuts or attorneys, underthe direc-
tion of the Secretary ot the Interior, at such times and
places as he may direct; and that the said moneys herein
granted shall not be in any way transferable, or liable to at-
tachment, levy, or seizure, by any legal process whatever ;
nor shall the same be paid to any agent or agents, attorney
or attorneys, who may have any interest or claim in or to
the said or any part thereof, but the same shall go unin-
cumbered into the possession of him, her, or them, who, by
the provisions of this act, are entitled thereto: Provided,
That no one shall icceive the benefits of this act until he
shall produce satisfactory evidence to the Secretary of the
Interior that he or she is entitled to the same according to
the provisions of this act, under such rules and regulations
as the Secretary of the Interior may see proper, from time
to time, to prescribe for the production of testimony.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment contains the
substance of a bill introduced by mc at an early
period of the session, in the House, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, who have
thought proper to report the bill now before this
committee; and it embodies my ow%views of the
policy we ought to adopt towards the men who
have served the country in her wars, and towards
the widows of those of them who have died. It
seeks to introduce no new system, but merely to
extend the present system—fast becoming obso-
lete by the death of all of those for whose benefit it
was adopted—so as to embrace within its benefi-
cent operation, not only those who fought in the
second—and may it prove the last—encounter with
Groat Britain, but also the soldiers of Wayne,
" old mad Anthony," the men who fought with
Eaton and Stephen Decatur in the wars with the
Barbary Powers, and those who served with Jack-
son in his celebrated Florida campaign; thus com-
ing down toaperiod within just forty years from
the present time.
No system of governmental policy is better es-
tablished with the people. It appeals to their sym-
pathies as being generous; it commends itself to
their patriotism as being just; it commands their
solemn, deliberate judgment, as politic and wise.
It is too late in the day to reason about it, as about
a new and untried measure, whose operation and
effect rest merely on conjecture; it is too late in
the day for statesmen to repeat objections made
forty years ago by Nathaniel Macon, who, during
his public life, if I am not mistaken in his record,
rarely voted a dollar to pay, and of course not to
pension, the soldier; it is too late in the day to
deal in arguments based upon English regal pen-
sions, and Roman popular largesses. These ar-
guments and objections have already been made,
and repeated again and a^ain, and have as often
been met and refuted. The question is now no
longer an open one. Time, the great progenitrix
of truth, has settled it, and settled it forever.
The pension system is established as a part of
our military policy, and must beaccepted as such.
Indeed, during all the present discussion, I have
not heard it seriously assailed. Even the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Curry,] whose ungen-
erous logic carried him quite as far as he who has
gone furthest against this measure, did not, I be-
lieve, venture to suggest that a single name now
on the pension roll should be stricken from it.
The only question for us to consider, is whether
we will, by formal legislation, uphold the system,
and extend it so as to include within its operation
a class of soldiers every way as meritorious as
those who now partake of its benefits. The time
has now come, when, according to the incorrupt-
ible Macon, "as much may be said in favor of the
army engaged in the second war of independ-
ence," as forty years ago was said about the first.
Though he then stood opposed to the adoption of
the pension system, I have no doubt, were he now
alive to speak, he would say, " since you have
established the system, and since I see, contrary
to my expectations, that in its operation it is most
excellent and benign, not only in cheering and sus-
taining the veteran soldier now in the twilight of his
day, and her, the noble spirit, who fought the bat-
tle of life by his side, but also in inspiring with pa-
triotic confidence the youthful soldier, not dragged
into the ranks by a press-gang, not the victim
of an unrelenting conscription, but leaving field
and fireside, and the loved ones there, with even
chance that he shall see them no-more, and rally-
ing in cheerful obedience to the call of his coun-
try; since such are its happy effects, extend its
beneficent provisions; remember my gallant com-
patriots and cotemporaries, the men who served
their country with Lawrence, with Perry,-with
Harrison, and with Jackson." Such, I am sure,
would be his language, could he now speak to us.
Such is a fair deduction from the words he has
left on record, interpreted by the glossary of sub-
sequent events.
One of the very few instructions (if, indeed, it
be not the only one,) with which my constituents
have thoughtproper to " trammel the conscience"
of their Representative, relates to this subject of
pensions. After my election i can say safely that
hundreds came to me, and addressing me very
often in kind familiarity by my Christian name,
said: " Whatever else you do, try and do some-
thing for the old soldier." They are a numerous
and highly deserving,though, I am sorry to say,
in general, a needy class of my constituents. The
men who volunteer to do battle for their country
are not apt to be of the thrifty, penny-wise class.
The rollicking, free-and-easy habits of camp and
forecastle life are not the habits by which estates
are accumulated. Hence, where you find an old
soldier or an old sailor, you almost always find a
poorman. Butpovertyis nottheironly nor their
greatest misfortune. Disease, broken constitu-
tions, premature decay, mutilated and dismem-
bered bodies, are a portion of their ordinary lot.
I am reminded, however, that the law already pro-
vides for the invalid soldier. I know the letter
of the Iawdoes; its practical administration, lam
sorry to say, does not. All of us who have had
business with the Pension Office—and most of us
have, at some time or other—know very well
' that its affairs have been conducted upon the prin-
ciple of granting nothing that could be avoided.
Whenever a doubt as to a matter of fact was left
by the proof, the practice is to give the Govern-
ment the benefit of the doubt, and refuse, or, in
the more delicate phraseology of the office, " sus-
pend"the application; and in matters of legal con-
struction,^ adopt that which bears hardest upon
the pensioner. The prmciple-which obtains in
other cases, in determining other issues between
the Government and the citizen, in this is reversed.
This course may be necessary for the prevention
of frauds, the reason generally assigned for it,
though I do not believe it. Fraudulentclaimants
will prepare their cases in view of departmental
rules, so as exactly to " fill the bill." Honest
claimants will present such proofs, and only such,
as they arc able fairly to make, oftentimes not
coming up to the requirements of official regula-
tions. The former is allowed; the latter "sus-
pended." It is due to the present officials to add
that these remarks are not made with a special
reference to them, but rather to the general official
usage long since established.
Were it at all important to illustrate the inade-
quacy of the present invalid pension laws to ac-
complish the purpose of their enactment, I could
easily do so by the citation of many cases, within
my personal knowledge, of men who were crip-
pled, orotherwise disabled in the scrvice,as I have
good reason to believe; yet all those who once had
a personal knowledge of the fact are either dead,
or in their dotage, or have removed so far away
that it is practically impossible to procure their
testimony. Hence they have never thoughuit
worth while to apply for a pension; or if they did,
their applications remain " suspended" in the
office. A general pension lawis the only measure
of relief for this class of persons. Moreover, there
l! are many disabled old soldiers, whose disability
il is the result, not of wounds, nor of any specific
j: instance of suffering; but of exposure, hardship,
! j and privation; -withstood, indeed, for many years,
j by the vigor of an originally good constitution,
]! and until the infirmity of age disclosed the lurking
il mischief. Of course these men could derive no
I' benefit from the invalid pension laws; nor from
any other except a general pension law, making
their title to a pension depend upon the fact of
their service. This class of old soldiers will be
found to be very numerous. WHr, at best, is, I
take it, a very hard business. It makes sad havoc
