866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
merce upon that lake is foreign commerce, owing
to its connection with the St. Lawrence. I hope,
therefore, that Lake Champlain will be included
in the bill.
The SPEAKER, Does the gentleman desire
to move an amendment?
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to move to insert
Lake Champlain after the other lakes.
The SPEAKER. That amendment can be of-
fered if the gentleman from Virginia shall with-
draw the motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will with-
draw that motion, I will renew it after I have sub-
mitted my amendment,
Mr. COMINS. 1 would suggest, that as Lake
Champlain was inadvertently omitted by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, the omission be supplied
by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will withdraw the
motion to refer, so as to permit the amendment
to be offered. I am willing to afford every facility
to gentlemen, but I first want to know what I am
doing when I vote or act.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the bill by
inserting, after the word " Michigan," the word
*' Champlain." I now renew the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PALMER. I hope that the motion to in-
clude Lake Champlain will prevail. Living upon
the shores of that lake, I know something of the
magnitude of its commerce, and I think it very ex-
traordinary that the committee should have omit-
ted it.
Mr. READY. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. READY. I would inquire whether, if the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, it will not bo open to amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. READY. Then the amendment can be
made there, as well as here. 1 hope the question
will bo taken on the reference, and that there will
be an end to this debate.
Mr W ASHHURN E, of Illinois. I ask what
is the motion pending ?
The SPEAKER. The first question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Vermont, j Mr. M or-
hill,] made in pursuance of his promise to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] that the
bill be referred to the Committee oi the Whole on
the state of the Union. If the previous question
be sustained, the llouae will be brought to vote
first on the motion to refer. If that motion does
not prevail, the question will be upon the amend-
ment, and then upon ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time. The previous
question will then be exhausted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
bill will not be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, as that will be
killing it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was not
agreed to—eyes 35, noes 81.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I would ask if it is in order to
move to amend the bill by adding tlic Mississippi
river ?
The SPEAKER. Jt. is not in order.
Mr. LEAUIX. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to insert Lake St. Clair" after Lake
Erie.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is already
embraced in the bill.
Mr. AIAESHALL, of Kentucky. I want to
know if the inl! has been engrossed? If not, I
object to proceeding with it.
The SPEAKER! The bill has not been or-
dered to be engrossed yet.
Mr. CURTIS. I would like to vote for the
bill, but i ccrtainly think the Mississippi river
ought to be included; and as it is not, I shall vote
against it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object to
the third reading of the bill until it shall have been
engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky objects to the third reading of the bill. The
bill is not engrossed, and it therefore goes over.
post routes in ohio and pennsylvania.
Mr. ENGLISH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to make
an adverse report on sundry petitions from Ohio
and Pennsylvania, asking for an increase of mail
service upon certain routes in those States. The
present law authorizes the Post Office Department
to grant the relief asked. I understand that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania who presented the
petitions desires leave to withdraw them for the
purpose of reference to the Post Office Depart-
ment.
I move, sir, that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petitions,
and that they be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ENGLISH. I also move that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, who presented them,
have leave to withdraw the petitions, for the pur-
pose of reference to the Department.
The motion was agreed to.
john f. wills.
Mr. ENGLISH, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made an adverse re-
port on the petition of John E. Wills, asking pay
for certain services as deputy postmaster at Law-
renceburg, Kentucky; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
postmasters' quarterly returns.
Mr. ENGLISH, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to pre-
vent the inconvenient accumulation in the Post
Office Department of postmaster*'quarterly re-
turns; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. ENGLISH. The object of the bill is
simply to prevent the inconvenient accumulation
of useless papers m the Post Office Department.
It has been drawn up by the head of that Depart-
ment, and has been considered by the commit-
tee. I move that it be engrossed, and read a
third time.
The bill enacts that the Postmaster General
may, from time to time, dispose of any qunrterly
returns of mails sent or received, preserving the
accounts current, and all vouchers accompanying
such accounts; provided that the accounts shall
be preserved entire at least two years.
The following letter wns read from the Post-
master General:
Po- r < >i- rier Df'P \RTMrNT. January i.~>, 18">R.
T hare flu; honot to nit'oim \ou that the accumula-
tion of po-tmaMei 5 <• quatleilv letinns" is ?o <rie;utli; t
there i-i not vufltoienl loom ioi tli''i.- piopn pie^oivntiou m
the (it nciai Po^t Other budding. and that nianv no1 <. ott<c-
dUently < \povd ui thebnlU. liable to he lnpn  u, if not lo-=t.
Simdai exurenrie-. havtnir hetetoioje oeritn.-d. (.'on'/icvs
provided lehel hy ;uitlion/.in<  the siiie of the oldej n;ui-
MMipts of aeeouiiH ot iiiaiN sent ami ieecived>eon -Itruiim;
the bulk of I lie letuni-s rf^ei ving the accounts en net it and
voucher.-*; ;iud t would that such authoutv he now
tfiven, not meiely with U'terenee to the existing e\igenej,
hut that the po.-nmn^fcr (Jeneial may,from time to time,
di-pose ot'u aie-ci iptrfa-* tun} tie deemed nece^aiy m futuie.
I submit, for \out eour-ideiation, a clause to meet tin-,
ease, saimiar to a pioviMon contained hi an act <><' (Jon^iess
appioved June 22. ir\") t. entitled •• An act iemulating the p:ty
ofdeputy postmasters!.1'—(Statutesat Lunie, vol. x., p. 2!;9.)
Veiy iV:-pectiully, vour obedient vet vant,
aaron v. brown,
Postmaster General.
hon. W ii. english, Chairman Cnnmrflcc on (he Post
j Qfjirc and Poit Iloa(h, llomc of Rcjncscntatiia,.
I Mr. ENGLISH moved the previous question
j on the engrossment of the bill,
i Mr. MORGAN. 1 object to the passage of the
1 bill. We are erecting buddings large enough to
! hold all these papers.
| The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
I Mr. ENGLISH called for tellers on the pre-
i vioua question.
i Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Waldron
i and Clf.meks were appointed.
i The question was taken; and the tellers re-
; ported—ayes 1)7, noes 37.
I So the previous question was seconded.
! The mam question was ordered to be put.
j The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
1 a third time.
Mr. MORGAN Is the bill engrossed?
The SPEAKER. It is not. *
Mr. PtIORGAN. Then I object to it.
Mr. ENGLISH. What is the effect of an ob-
jection ?
The SPEAKER. It carries the bill over until
to-morrow.
Mr. ENGLISH. What will be the effect of a
motion to commit the bill to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads?
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be enter-
tained at this time.
LUCY G. GRAY.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back the petition of Lucy G.
Gray, and moved that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
courts in soutii carolina.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 22, to
alter the time of holding the courts of the United
States for the State of South Carolina.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill does not propose
to increase the terms of the courts of the United
States in South Caiolina. It only proposes a
change of the time for holding them, and nothing
more. It is recommended by the judge who pre-
sides over the court; by the gentleman who icp-
resents the district; and meets with the approba-
tion, I understand, of the bar and the people to
be affected bv it.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that the bill
provides that recognizances for the appearance of
[ parties shall be changed ? I would like to know
j the opinion of the Committee on the Judicialy as
! to whether Congress has the power to make such
' a change.
j Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary gave no opinion on the last section of the
bill. So far as my own opinion is concerned, I
take it for granted that there is no doubt about the
authority of Congress to require the return of
process issued for the present terms of the court
at the terms established by the bill.
Mr. MILES. This bill, Mr. Speaker, is one
puicly of local concern. It affects the convenience
of a portion of iny immediate constituents. It
meets with the entire approval of the judge of the
district, who, in fact, framed the bill, and the en-
tire concurrence of his associate justice. 11 simply
consults the convenience of the bar and the judge,
and merely changes the timeof holdmgthe courts
at places already established. It seems to me to
be a bill which can scarcely meet with any oppo-
sition from any source.
Mr. STANTON. I beg the gentleman from
South Carolina to understand that I do not oppose
the bill. I merely made an inquiry as a matter
of curiosity to obtain the opinion of the committee
on a point involved.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and having been engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time and passed.
john m'curdy.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, reported adversely upon the claim of
John McCurdy for a pension for service in the
St. Clair war and the war of 1812; winch report
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
heirs of alexander stevenson.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Alexander Stevenson; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, wich the
accompanying report, ordered to be punted.
Air. COX,from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, reported back such of the papers in
the case of the heirs of Alexander Stevenson as
referred to a pension, and moved that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
alexander r. eoteler and others.
Air. COX, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, made an adverse report m the case of
Alexander R. Boteler and others; which was hud
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
private land claims.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time,
