14m
THE C0NGBE8£K)KAL GLOBE.
April 2,
•were #9,000,000, and ia the years following, up
to the present time, in round numbers, they were
respectively, twelve, eight, nine, eleven, fourteen,
sixteen, and nineteen million dollars. Thus our
expenses are rolling up in geometrical progres-
sion, and where it is going to end nojone can tell.
What has been done with the money ? Oh, that is
none of our business. We have only to vote the
appropriation, and let the Executive expend the
money. And it is thought to be unpopular to say a
word against anything asked for the Army. We
must vote blindly upon everything connected
with the military expenses of the Government.
For one, if I understood the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] as I believe I did, I am much
obliged to him for taking the position, and utter-
ing the sentiments he did in regard to the Utah
expedition. I believe his remarks were true, and
I hope they will lose none of their influence by
my approving of them. The expenses of the
Army and Navy combined are more than all our
other expenses; and yet it will be said that if they
are necessary, we must submit. Well, I grant
you that.
. But there is a suggestion or two which I wish
to make, and which the American people may,
if they choose, reflect upon. I suppose that the
Army is not good of itself; but it is good simply
as a means to attain a desirable end—the protec-
tion of the citizen in his person and property.
Whatever expenses are necessary to attain that
end I am willing to vote always; for I believe that
it is the paramount duty of the Government to
protect its citizens anywhere and everywhere on
the globe where they are called in their lawful pur-
suits. But I am not willing to vote money blindly
for the Army, simply on the pretense of its being
for the protection of the citizen. I am not satis-
fied that responsible parties cannot be found in
this country to undertake to protect our transpor-
tation from here to Utah, over the mountains, at
one tithe of the expenditure which we make for
the Army. If that be so, it is certainly a more
desirable way of doing it. And I undertake, also,
to say that, for one tithe of what we have to pay
for our Army for protecting us against the inva-
sions and massacres of the savages, responsible
parties will undertake to guaranty the citizens
against all of these invasions.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the gentleman propose
to let out the fighting by contract ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, at so much a scalp. If
you want so many Mormons butchered, why, let
it out. In that way, however, the regular Army
would get but very little pay. They never killed
_a brave yet, I believe; and the squaws whom they
"have scalped, they have caught around the seeth-
ing cauldrons preparing their dinner. Yes, sir,
I propose to give out the job to responsible par-
ties as the best means of securing the end, and a
much cheapcr way than the one we now adopt.
At any rate, I suggest it. I do not know that, be-
cause we have heretofore protected our frontiers
m one particular mode, we are bound to protect
them always in that way. I do not know that we
are bound to go to the mill with the wheatin one
end of the bag and a stone in the other, simply
because our grandfathers did so; and if I found
that the cheapest way of protecting our citizens
against the inroads of the savages was by con-
tract, I am content to adopt that mode. I do not
know certainly that we could do so; but gentle-
men in the other end of the Capitol, who perfect-
ly understand the habits of the savages, have de-
clared that for one tithe the expenses of the Army
in the protection of our frontiers against the sav-
ages, they could be protected in other modes—
and I believe it.
I want now, for a single moment to call the at-
tention of the House and of the country to a fact
which I find here in these estimates; and that is,
that according to Mr. Holt, we pay for agricul-
ture $69,650; and that I find in another place, we
pay the Indian agents and superintendents §89,000.
Now, how many of these agents are honorable
men, I do not know. How many of them cheat
the Indians out of their annuities, and teach them
to get drunk, I do not know. I do not doubt there
are some of both classes. But I know this: that
we pay more for these agents and sub-agents to
take care of Indians than we do for the immense
interests of agriculture throughout this agricul-
tural country.
But, sir, the chief object that I had in address-
ing the committee thisjnorn'ing, was to draw the
attention of the committee to these contracts that
are made. And here, we have to take what we
can glean from newspapers and statements of in-
dividuals, as objection was made to the resolu-
tion of inquiry whieh was introduced. Now I
have it from one of the contractors, that he re-
ceives ninety-eight cents a bushel for corn, to be
delivered in St. Louis; that he had contracted to
deliver fifty thousand bushels, and all required
during the war, at that rate. I had a paper here
the other day—the St. Louis Republican—where
the quotations of corn were made at from thirty
to thirty-three cents per bushel; and any one that
can subtract thirty to thirty-three cents from
ninety-eight cents, can tell the profit this con-
tractor will have without his advancing a single
dollar. I want the farmers of Illinois to know
that while it is difficult for them to sell their corn
at from twenty to twenty-five cents per bushel,
the Government is paying its favorite pet con-
tractors ninety-eight cents per bushel in St. Louis,
who buy it for thirty or forty cents; and I want
them to understand that it is shrewdly suspected
that all these contracts have an intimate relation
with party politics.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois inform this committee the name of that con-
tractor; where he is to deliver that corn, and what
kind of corn it is ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 will inform the gentleman
a!ll about-it if he will let the resolution of inquiry
pass, and let us get the official statement.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman give me
the name of the contractor ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Does the gentleman deny that
what I stated is the fact?
Mr. PHELPS. I do not deny anything. I
desire to have the same means of information that
the gentleman from Illinois has.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I stated that which I under-
stand to be the fact. I cannot state positively that
such is the fact, because I had no official means
of knowing.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire the gentleman from
Illinois, as he says it is shrewdly suspected that
these contracts have some intimate connection
with political affairs, to be so good as to tell me
the politics of this contractor who gave him this
information, and whether he does not cooperate
with himself and his party ?
Mr. GILMAN. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri whether or not the state-
ment made by the gentleman from Illinois is
true ?
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot say. I desire to know
who this contractor is, in order that I may ascer-
tain something in respect to it. The gentleman
from Illinois has done something more than cite
rumor here; for, if I understood him correctly, he
stated that this gentleman had informed him that
he had a contract for the delivery of corn at ninety-
eight cents per bushel. Now, I desire to know
the name of that contractor, and his politics.
Mr. LOVEJOY. When we can get the in-
formation, then we can tell; but till then we have
to rely upon these other sources.
Mr. PHELPS. Did I misunderstand the gen-
tleman from Illinois ? I understood him to state
that a gentleman had informed him that he him-
self had a contract for the delivery of corn, at
ninety-eight cents a bushel. Now, I desire to
know who is that informant, and then I shall be
able to ascertain something about it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman does not deny
the fact.
Mr. PHELPS. I neither deny nor admit it,
because I know nothing about it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, I affirm it. Now, if
the gentleman wants to disprove it, let him do so.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FAULKNER. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, what about ?
Mr. FAULKNER. If the gentleman desires
to have any information upon this subject, per-
haps I can give him some.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Ah ! well, I tried to get in-
formation once.
Mr. FAULKNER. I pronounce the whole
statement without any foundation, and untrue.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to inquire why
objection was made on that side of the House to
the resolution calling for information ?
Mr. FAULKNER. There was no objection
certainly from this aide of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, there was.
Mr. FAULKNER. I believe the objection was
made by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
maynard.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, was not that on that
side of the House ?
Mr. FAULKNER. No, sir.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Literally speaking, it waa
not; but politically, it was.
Mr, FAULKNER. I assure the gentleman
that there is no objection on this side to any call
which he may make.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois a question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, what is it?
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make a little further
inquiry of the gentleman in relation to the state-
ment which he has made. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] denies the truth of the
assertion. Now, let us have the name of the wit-
ness.
Mr.FARNSWORTH. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman from Missouri, what the politics
of General Reed, of his own State, are?
Mr. PHELPS. General Reed, of Missouri, if
the gentleman refers to him, is a Democrat, and
has no contract for the delivery of corn with any
officer of the Government.
Mr. LOV'EJOY. I am coming to horses pretty
soon.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose to ask the
gentleman further, if he is aware that General
Reed has a large contractfor the delivery of horses
at an exorbitant price ?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir; on the contrary, I am
informed that he has no such contract.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish also to know
if he is aware of the fact that General Reed is the
man who headed a large body of border-ruffians
from Missouri in a foray into Kansas ?
A Member. " Bleeding Kansas" again !
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to the inquiry of the
gentleman, I have to state that I am not aware that
General Reed, of Missouri, has a contract for the
delivery of horses or of corn; but on the contrary,
I am informed he has no contract of either de-
scription.
So far as relates to the politics of General Reed,
I will state that he is a Democrat and a gentleman,
and possibly during the disturbances which took
place in Kansas, he was in the Territory; and if
the gentleman means by leading border-ruffians
that he headed gentlemen of respectability resid-
ing in the Territory of Kansas or in Missouri, I
am ready to admit that he did. [Laughter on the
Republican side of the House.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like the gen-
tleman from Missouri, if he can do so, to name a
man who has got a Government contract who is
not a Democrat ?
Mr. PHELPS. Oh! I know nothing about the
contracts whieh have been made. I know nothing
about any contract which may have been made
for the delivery of corn. If the gentleman refers
to the contractors who are engaged in the trans-
portation of Government stores—though that
matter has not been brought up here—I can state
that one of the members of the firm of Russell,
Majors, & Waddell, is, I believe, an American,
and another is an old line Whig.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
other? There are three of them.
Mr. PHELPS. I believe he is a Democrat.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman what the politics of this American and old
line Whig are connected with Kansas ? How are
they on Lecompton ?
Mr. PHELPS. I presume the gentleman who
represents them upon this floor has given a vote
in accordance with their wishes on that question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I return to the point that, upon
information which I had no doubt was reliable, I
stated that corn was to be delivered in St. Louis at
ninety-eight cents a bushel. Some say that it is to
be delivered in Leavenworth at that rate. I am
not apprised exactly how much it will cost to
transport corn from St. Louis to Leavenworth.
But if the corn is to be delivered at Leavenworth,
there is a clear margin of half a dollar on every
bushel of corn, and that, too, while the whole
country is suffering, and while we are running in
debt and borrowing money to pay our expenses.
