2476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 will say to the
gentleman from New York that I never object to
a bill here in consequence of any feeling 1 may
have towards any gentleman who may be inter-
ested in it.
Mr. KELSEY. Nor L
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I objected to the
bill to which the gentleman from New York re-
fers, because it was in conflict with the general
law regulating pensions to invalid soldiers.
Mr. COBB, As my friend from Alabama ob-
jected to Senate bill (No. 73) because he was a
little irritated, I hope we shall by unanimous con-
sent, go back and take it up.
Several Members objected.
Mr. COBB. I wish to say to the commit-
tee 
[Cries of " Order !" " Order I*']
Mr. UNDERWOOD. As we nave gone over
several bills which have not been objected to for
good cause, I hope we shall, by unanimous con-
sent, go back and take them up.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
NATHANIEL HEARD'S HEIRS.
A bill (H. R. No, 449) for the relief of the heirs
of Nathaniel Heard. [Objected to by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee.]
FRANCOIS GUILLORy.
A bill (II. R. No. 450) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Fiangois GuiUory. [Objected
to by Mr. Clawson.]
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of oi der.
I submit to the Chair whether it is not in order
for any gentleman opposed to a bill to move that
it be laid aside, with a recommendation to the
House that it do not pass; and let it then be un-
derstood that when it goes to the House, the yeas
and nays shall be called for.
The CHAIRMAN. It will only be in order
by unanimous consent.
Mr. STANTON. If any gentleman makes a
motion m lieu of the objection, would it not be in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. Only by unanimous eon-
sent.
Mr. STANTON. I think it would bo right to
do so.
JEAN BAPTISTS DEVIDRINE.
A bill (II. R. No. 451) for the relief of the le-
gal repi es<nitn.tive?3 of Jean Baptiste Dovidrine.
The bill confirms the le^al representatives of
Jean BaptisU: Devidrin'', late of Louisiana, in their
claim to that tract or parcel of land known on the
pnhho surveys of the southwestern land district
of that State as lot forty-five, in township lour
south, range three east, and lot seventy-three, in
township four south, range four east; containing
about four hundred arpents, or three hundred and
iifty acres of land, and that a patent shall issue
therefor as in other cases; provided that the act
ahull only bo construed a* a relinquishment of
whatever title may be now vested in the United
States, and shall in nowise interfere with any valid
adverse claim of other or third parties, should
such there he.
It appears, from the report, that, the chum is for
a tract of land in Louisiana, of ten by fotty
arpents, (about three hundred and fifty acies,)
which, it appears, is the half of a tract of twenty
by forty arpents granted to said Devidune by Gov-
ernor Galvez,, m 1778. The order of survey being
evidenced by the report marked B. 290, of the
commissioning appointed to ascei tain tho rights
of persons to lands in the western district of the
Orleans Territory, who say, m roniirmifurthe title
of Benjamin M. Stokes to a tract of four hun-
dred and one arpents, that it is " founded on an
oider of survey in favor of Jean Baptiste Devi-
drme for twenty arpents front by f  rty in depth,
on a petition of said Duvidrine, bearing date the
22d January, 1778." Itis also in evidence that the
land has been regarded, by the people and the
courts, as private property since 1789; having
been repeatedly sold, within that time, for a val-
uable consideration by individuals, and under or-
der of the probate courts.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the ;
House, with the recommendation that it do pass. |
LAURENT MILT-iAUDON. ;
An act (S. No. 81,) for tho relief of Laurent j
Millaudon. [
The bill confirms Laurent Millaudon in his title
to two certain tracts of land lying on the cast side
of Mobile bay, in Alabama, being the two tracts
of land known as the De Feroit claims, as sur-
veyed in 1830, and approved of by the surveyor
general in 1835, with the exception of so much off
of the north end thereof as has heretofore been
surveyed and confirmed to William Patterson, and
included within what is known as the Patterson
claim, as now located: provided that the act shall
only be construed as a relinquishment of any title
that the United States may have to the lands; and
that the confirmation shall inure to the benefit of
any other persons, if such there be, as may be en-
titled to any part of the De Feroit claims under
conveyances from him.
From the report it appears, that under the pro-
visions of the act of 1812, authorizing the invest-
igation of land titles south of the thirty-first de-
gree and east of the Mississippi, an individual,
without any authority for so aoing, filed two al-
leged Spanish permits for lands on the east side
of the Mobile bay, in favor of John B. Lorendine
in the behalf of the Baron de Feroit. These
claims were favorably reported upon by Commis-
sioncx Crawford, and communicated to the House
of Representatives on the 5th day of January,
1816; in which report the said claims were num-
bered 90 and 91 of the third class. (American
State Papers, Public Lands, vol. 3, page 11.)
Subsequent to this report, but before Congress
had any action thereon, one Arthur L. Simms
became the purchaser of the right of De Feroit to
the lands; and on the 3d of March, 1819, Con-
gress passed an act confirming all the claims so
favorably reported by the commissioner; and,
under that act, the claims were regularly surveyed
by the proper officers in 1830, and confirmed by
tho surveyor general in 1835, and are represented
on the plats of the public surveys as the De Fe-
roit claims, in township C south, of range two
east, in the St. Stephen's district, Alabama. Sub-
sequent to this, to wit: on the 20th of Maich,
1837, Laurent Millaudon, relying upon the rep-
resentations made to him of the genuineness of
those claims, and upon all the previous action of
the officcis of the Government and of Congress,
by which they were declared to be good and valid
tides, and as covering lands to which the Govern-
ment had no claim, became the purchaser of cer-
tain portions of the same from Simms. Doubts
ha\ ui'^ afterwards arisen as to the justice of these
claims, with a view of securing the lands, pre-
emption floats were laid thereon. Under the titles
thus purchased by Mr. Miiiaudon, and believed
by him to be most unimpeachable, he went on in
m.i king the most extensive pi eparationa to esm b-
li.sh a i ity upon those lands; and it appeal s to the
committee, from the evidence adduced by him,
that in tins enterprise he has already actually ex-
pended upwoi ds of one hundred thousand dollars,
in March last, the question as to the validity of
the De Feroit titles being brought before the Gen-
eral Land Office for consideration, that office re-
quired a report from the land officers at St. Ste-
phens, upon all the facts and evidence m the case;
and it satisfactorily appearing from that report
and accompany documents that these claims of
De Feroit were fraudulent in themselves, one pur-
porting to be founded on a grant from Gaye-
tano Perez, in 1800; when he was first in office,
for twenty-two days, in December, 1803, as com-
mandant ad interim, and was not in office as com-
mandmant of the post until 1809, and the other
being only a permission for the temporary use of
a tract of six or seven arpents on the Bayou Fra,
or Froid, for a cowpen, for the security of cattle
during an apprehended inclusion of a band of
Indians, the General Land Office decided that the
De Feroit titles, being fraudulent, conveyed no
title to the present holders under them.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
JOHN DICK.
An act (S. No. 70) for the relief of John Dick,
of Floiida.
The bill directs the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office to cause a patent to be issued to
John Dick for lots numbered ten, of section twen-
ty-nine, and one, of section thirty-one, fractional
section of thirty, and the northwest quarter of the
northwest quarter of section thirty-two, all lying
in township ten south, of range twenty-seven cast,
containing one hundred and fifty-three acres, sit-
uate in East Florida, and of the lands subject to
sale at St. Augustine, Florida; provided that such
patent shall only operate as a relinquishment of
title on the part of the United States, and shall
not affect the rights of any third person.
_ It appears, from the report, that under the pro-
visions of the act of Congress for the armed oc-
cupation and settlement of the unsettled part of the
peninsula of East Florida, approved August 4,
1842, Mr. Dick filed his notice with the register
of the land office at St. Augustine for a "permit"
to settle upon one hundredand sixty acres oflond
south of the line dividing townships numbered
nine and ten, and described as follows: Lot ten,
section twenty-nine; lot one, in section thirty-one;
fractional section thirty, and the northwest of the
northwest quarter of section thirty-two; all of
township ten, range twenty-seven south and east,
containing in the aggregate one hundred and fifty-
three thousand and twenty acres. On the 16th
of April, 1843, the register of the land office issued
"permit" No. 43, to Mr. Dick, giving him per-
mission to settle upon the lands solicited, under
the conditions of the said act; one of which was,
"that no right or donation shall be acquired under
this act within two miles of any permanent mili-
tary post of the United States, established and
garrisoned at the time such settlement and resi-
dence was commenced." This permit was can-
celed by the General Land Office, on the ground
that the land embraced therein had been reserved
in 1841 for military purposes. This shows that
prior to his permit being canceled, he had com-
plied with the requisitions of said military act,
and also proves that his settlement was not with-
in four miles of any military post established and
garrisoned at the date of his settlement, or atany
| time subsequent thereto; that he was compelled
1 to relinquish and abandon his settlement by vir-
| tueofsuch cancelation ofhis<{permit;"and that
i since that period he has continued to reside south
I of the line specified in the said act of Congress,
: and has not received lands under the said act.
! The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
| House, with a recommendation thai it do pass.
1 ANNA BI. E. RING, ETC.
| An act (S. No. 185) for the relief of Anna M.
I E. Ring, Louisa M. Umg, Cordelia E. Ring, and
Sarah J. De Lannoy.
The bill provides that the assignment by D;ivid
A. Ring, to his four daughters, namely: Anna M.
E. Ring, Cordelia E. Ring, Louisa M. Ring, and
Sarah J. De Lannoy, of land warrant No. 3,172,
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, issued
on the 18th of July, 1855, to David A. Ring, shall
be held to vest in the assignees all the right, title,
and interests of David A. Ring in and to the war-
rant.
It appears, from the report, that on the 18th of
July, 1855, a land warrant, No. 3,179, for one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, was issued to David
A. Ring for military services during the war of
1812; that, prior to the receipt of said warrant,
and while in a dying condition, he executed ail
assignment of his right to that warrant to his four
daughters, namely: Anna M. E. Ring, Louisa
M. Ring, Cordelia E. Ring, and Sarah J. De Lan-
noy. Rut the fouith section of an act entitled
" An act granting bounty land to certain officers
and soldiers who have been engaged in the mili-
tary service of the United States," approved 28th
September, 1850, declares all assignments made
prior to the issue of a warrant to be null and void;
and this assignment having been made prior to
the issue of this warrant, the location was law-
fully refused by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
"WILLIAM B. TROTTER.
An act (8. No. 52) for the relief of "VVillam B.
| Trotter.
! The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
| to pay to William B. Trotter, of Clarke county,
j Mississippi, $1,680, out of any money in the Treas-
i ury not otherwise appropriated, the same being
j in full of all his demands growing out of theemi-
j' gration and subsistence of Choctaw Indians in
I Mississippi, in 1831, under a contract with the
j United States.
The bill was laid asid^ to be reported to the
i House, with a recommendation that it do pass
