1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2477
JAMES G. BENTON AND OTHERS.
An act (S. No. 59) for the relief of James G.
Benton, E. B. Babbitt, and James Longstreet, of
the United States Army.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department, in settling the ac-
counts of Lieutenant James G. Benton, of the
ordnance department, of Brevet Major E. B. Bab-
bitt, chief assistant quartermaster, and of Brevet
Major James Longstreet, acting commissary of
subsistence, to allow them, as credits, the respect-
ive amounts of which they were defrauded by
ParkerH. French, in San Antonio,Texas, in July,
1850; namely: to James G. Benton,$1,021 14; to
E. B. Babbitt, $519 93 h and to James Longstreet,
$448 98.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
CHRISTINE BARNARD.
An act (S. No. 91) to continue a pension to
Christine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet Major
Moses J. Barnard, United States Army.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
continue upon the pension roll, at the rate of thirty
dollars per month, from and after the 4th of July,
1857, when her pension expired, the name of
Christine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet Major
Moses J. Barnard, captain in company FT, regi-
ment of voltigeurs, who was twice wounded in
planting the American colors upon the parapet
of Chepultepec while storming that fortress, and
who died from disease contracted in,and greatly
enhanced by hardships and fatigue of, the Mex-
ican campaign; the pension to be held by her or
by her children in accordance with existing laws
in reference to the widows and children of those
who died from wounds or disease received or con-
tracted during the Mexican war.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
SUSANNA T. LEA.
Ail act (S. No. 96) for the relief of Susanna T,
Lea, widow and administratrix of James Mag-
lencn, late of the city of Baltimore, deceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the legal representatives of James Mag-
Jenen $130, being the value of a horse and equip-
ments belonging to him, the same having been
impressed in September, 1814, for the purpose of
sending an express to North Point, and the horse
and equipments having been lost in the service.
The bill was laid asiJe to be reported to the
House, with a. lecommendauon that it do pass.
DR. THOMAS ANTISELL.
A bill (Ii. R. No. 452) for the relief of Dr.
Thomas Antisell.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Dr. Thomas Antisell, out of any moneys m
theTreasurynot otherwise appropriated, $274 65,
in full of the account of Antiscll, for services ren-
dered as acting assistant surgeon to the command
(company G, third artillery) escorting Lieutenant
Parke's party of survey from California to New
Mcxico in 1855.
From the report, it appears that Dr. Thomas
Antiscll, as geologist, accompanied Lieutenant
John G. Parke, corps topographical engineers, m
a survey and explorations for a Pacific railroad,
made by said Parke m southern California, and
along parallel 32° in the " Gadsden Purchase."
During the progress of the expedition, the services
of a medical attendant became necessary, and
Dr. Antisell agreed to act, and did act in that ca-
pacity to the United States troops accompanying
the party of survey. The agreement was made
in the form of a regular contract entered into by
Dr. Antisell, on the one part, and by Brevet Lieu-
tenant George T. Andrews, commanding com-
pany G, on the part of the United States. The
evidence submitted goes to prove that the services
of Dr. Antisell, as medical attendant, were very
valuable and were faithfully rendered.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
ROBERT W. CUSHMAN.
A bill (H. R. No. 453) for the relief of Roberi
TV. Cushman, formerly acting purser in the Uni-
ted States Navy.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to pay, out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Robert
W. Cushman, acting purser of the "German-
town," the flag-ship of the African squadron, the
difference of pay between that of a purser and a
captain's clerk, for such time as he so acted as
purser.
The report states that on the 9th of January,
1851, the memorialist, Robert W. Cushman, was
appointed secretary of the commander-in-chief
of the African squadron, Commodore E. A. F.
Lavallette. On the 21st of May following, owing
to the feeble state of the health of Purser Chris-
tian, who was then detached, he was appointed
by the commander-in-chief as acting purser, in
the place and stead of Purser Christian so de-
tached, and recognized as such by the Navy
Department, as will appear from a letter from A.
0. Dayton, Fourth Auditor, which is on file
among the papers accompanying the petition. He
continued to act in the capacity of purser until
the 9th of December, 1851, and asks that he may
be allowed for the time he so acted the difference
of pay between that of secretary to the command-
er-in-chief and purser. "Where a ship is not reg-
ularly entitled to a purser, it has not been the
practice of the Department to allow, nor of this
committee to report in favor of allowing, the dif-
ference of pay to captains' clerks appointed as
pursers by other than the Department, and they
are not recognized by or responsible to the De-
partment when the captain of a ship or squadron
is required to act as purser. This is not such
a case; the Germantown, the flag-ship of the
squadron, was so entitled; and it appears to the
committee that the recognition of Mr. Cushman
as purser by the Department entitles hi in to tiie
difference of pay for which he petitions.
No objection being made, thy bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
JOHN II. WHEELER.
A bill (H. R. No. 454) for the relief of John
H. Wheeler, Esq., late United States Minister
to Nicaragua. [Objected to by Mr. Curry.]
MICHAEL PAPPRENIZA.
Joint resolution (No. 22) for the relief of Mi-
chael Pappreniza.
It authorizes the President to extend the pro-,
visions of the joint resolution, up pi oved March 3, j
1853, entitled " A resolution for the relief of the ,
Spanish consul and other subjects of Spam resid- j
ing at Key West, by indemnity for losses oeca- !
sioned in 1851," to the ease of one Mieharl Pap- '
preniza, an Austrian subject, who, it is alleged, .
1 sustained losses at the same time, m consequence ■
i of his being supposed to be a Spaniard; provided j
' that the amount allowed as indemnity to Pappre-!
niza shall not exceed $200. [
The report states that it appears from the letter ;
of the Secretary of State, and the not<; of Cheva- '
lier Hiilsemann, Minister Resident of Austria in |
the United States, that Michael Pappreniza, an ,
Austrian subjcct, had been established for a num- ;
ber of years m New Orleans as a vender of fruit; ■
that on the night of the 21st August, 1851, an at- ;
tack was made upon his fruit stall in St. Maiy's 1
market, and his property destroyed by some riot- |
ous persons to the damage of $200, under the lm- 1
pression that he was a Spaniard, and had taken i
part with the Spanish Government m the Lopez j
expedition against Cuba. Congress, by a resolu- ,
tion approved 3d March, 1853, requested the j
President of the United States to cause an inves-1
tigation as to any losses sustained by the consul
of Spain, or other persons residing at New Or-,
leans, or at Key West, m 1851, and who were at;
that time subjects of the Queen of Spam, by the |
violence of individuals, arising out of intelligence j
then recently received of the execution of certain
persons at Havana, by the Spanish authorities at j
that island. The case ofPappreniza, being an Aus-j
trian subject, did not belong to those provided for ,
by that resolution, and the committee see no good 1
reason why he should not be indemnified as were
the subjects of the Q,ueen of Spain. i
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recomnienda- j
tion that it do pass.
MICAJAH EROOICS.
A bill (H- R- No. 455) for the relief of Miea-
jah Brooks.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to !
place the name of Micajah Brooks, of Georgia,
on the pension roll, at the rate of four dollars per
month, or forty-eight dollars per annum, and that
he be paid at that rate from the 1st of January,
1850; and that that amount be paid to Micajah
Brooks, if living; otherwise, to his surviving
children.
The report states that the petitioner declares in
his memorial, under the act of 7th June, 1832,
that he served in the war of the Revolution, in the
States of South Carolina and Georgia, as much
as two years, as a private. He adduces as evi-
dence record proof from the comptroller of the
State of South Carolina, of three or four months'
service, for which he has received land, say one
hundred and sixty acres. He ia regarded by a
large number of witnesses where he resides as
having served faithfully in the war of the Revo-
lution. He is now near one hundred years of age,
and in indigent circumstances; and the committee
have thought it reasonable and just to report a
bill for his relief, allowing him a pension at tho
rate of forty-eight dollars per annum, from the 1st
of January, 1850, to be paid to the said Micajah
Brooks, if living, and if deceased, to his surviving
children.
Mr. LEITER. I move to strike outil four,"
and insert " eight," so as to provide a pension
of eight dollars per month.
Mr. QUITMAN. I act upon principle, and
cannot consent to pass a bill which will separate
one individual from the community, and give him
what others are not permitted to enjoy. This
bill is framed upon the principles of revolutionary
pensions, and therefore 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I shall object to the
bill, if that amendment is made.
Mr LEITER. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the bill by striking out the words " otherwise to
his surviving children."
The bill provides that the amount shall be paid
to the soldier, if living; and if not, to his surviv-
ing children. This is contrary to all our practice
in giving revolutionary pensions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then laid asidetobe
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it be passed.
MAJOR JOHN JONES.
A bill (H. R. No. 456) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Brevet Major John Jones, of Tennessee.
The hill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Bievet Major John Jones, of
Tennessee, on the invalid pension roll, and pay
him a pension, at the rate of twenty-five dollars
per month, from the 4th of September, 1856, and
to continue during his natural life.
The report states that the memorialist entered
the Army as a volunteer dragoon under General
Jackson, in 1812, and was appointed by General
Jackson, sword master. In 1813, January 13, he
was appointed to the command of a company in
the thirty-ninth regiment of infantry. With this
I regiment he joined General Jackson at the Ten
| Islands, on Coosa river, in January or February,
! 1814. He was honored with the command of the
j advance guard of the Army on the memorable
; 27th of Match, following. "After descending
, the Alabama river, and whilst the regiment was
; encamped at Mount Vernon, he was sent over-
| land,in disguise, by Colonel Benton, to ascertain
1 its defenses, and the rate of the brig Hermes,
i then lying there." With the remains of theregi-
| ment he built Fort Montgomery, under the
j orders of Colonel Benton. In the latter part of
j 1816, the memorialist was sent with two com-
I pames to Attakapas, to give protection to the
| coast from the invasions ofLafitte, of notorious
I memory. He remained on the Teche until about
| April, 1817, when he was remanded to headquar-
1 ters, Baton Rouge. Whilst on this duty he con-
' tractcd a hepatical complaint, from which he has
i never recovered. The disease became so aggrava-
! ted, that, m 1824, he was compelled to resign his
i commission in the Army, after having served ten
: ycius as a. captain and been breveted a major,
i The memorialist having sacrificed his best pros-
. pects and the prime of his life for the good of his
■ country, has nothing left but a broken constitu-
! tion and the weight of seventy-seven years, with
I a fair prospect of becoming a mendicant,
j Mr. BURNETT. I am acquainted with the
