1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
drays, ship^. and other sea going vessels and boats for tho
tran^portaiion of fe'ippi:^ ai.d tor gani«<>« purposes,; fur
draya^e and cartas at tlio sf-vfiai po^,t =; hire of teamsters ;
transportauon oftiuid.- for the pay ai.d other di&burbiiigde-
lArtiMcntrf; tiic expjn.^e o! sailing public tiaa-ports on the
vanous uvei^, the (Jtilf of Mexico, and the Atlantic ami
Pacific ; and (or procuring water at such po«=ts as from their
situation require that it be brought from a distance; and
for clearing loads, and lemoving obstructions from roads,
harbors, arid rivers, to the extent which may be required
for the actual operation of the troops on the frontier,
$5,400,000."
Here is a deficiency for the current fiscal year
of $5,400,000. Will the gentleman from Virginia
be good enough to inform me which was the ori-
ginal appropriation for that item of expenditure?
Mr. LETCHER. I will inform the gentleman
where he can get the whole information without
inquiry. He will find that this transportation is
anticipated twenty months ahead, and a portion
of this amount will be deducted from the regular
appropriation in the annual appropriation bill.
Mr. STANTON. That unquestionably is a
sufficient reason for rejecting the item as a defi-
ciency. Now, sir, I hold that this running the
appropriations of one year into another, lapping
them over backwards and forwards, results in a
total destruction of all accountability. Here, as
I remarked, is a deficiency of almost five and a
half million dollars in the single item of Army
transportation. Now I submit that this enormous
amount is not the aggregate of that item of ex-
pense, but in addition to what was estimated for
a year ago; and the estimate for that seivice falls
short of the actual necessities of the Department
five and a half millions of dollars. I say, the very
enormity of the deficiency ought to call for the
most rigid investigation on the part of the House,
to see that there has not been fraud. We ought
to know the details of the expenditure. We
ought to have the vouchers for it, so far as it has
been made. We ought to have the contracts on
•which these estimates of deficiency are based.
And when tumors of fraud ate floating about in
newspapers and among individuals, and when a
resolution cannot be got through here to inquire
into them, we ought to know what are the found-
ations for these things.
I must be permitted to say, sir, that when lam
told that such a sum as $100,000, or $50,000 is
wanted for tills, that, or the other matter, and the
expenditure seems to be enormous, it is the duty
of the Committee of Ways and Means to ascer-
tain whdtthe nature of the contract is, what prices
are paid, what amounts are required, and all about
them. We ought not to rest with the general
statement that so much is wanted for such a pur-
pose, and so much for another. We ought to
know whether tho appropriation is necessary or
not, and we cannot ascertain whether there is
fraud, or whether there are two prices paid for
everything, whether the expenditure is fair and
honest, and legitimate, unless the committee in-
form us.
Expenditures of an ordinary character, deficien-
cies of a small amount, it may be safe enough to
pass in this way, with the general information
that so much is needed; but in regard to a defi-
ciency of so much magnitude as this, we ought
not to rest satisfied with that general information.
We ought to know what it is for, and how it is
to be expended, and I submit that the Committee
of Ways and Means ought to tell us this. If
corn, that can be had at thirty-five cents a bushel,
is purchased at ninety-eight cents a bushel, the
Committee of Ways and Means ought to know
and to inform us of it. If horses are purchased
at §159 a head, we ought to know it, and to know
■whether this appropriation is required for the pay-
ment of those prices.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is not enough for a
gentleman to get up here and say that, according
to his information, extravagant prices are paid; it
is not enough for the gentleman from Virginia to
say that that is not sufficient, and that men ought
not to make such charges here without foundation.
My point is this, that we have a right to look to
the Committee of Ways and Means, which asks
us to make this appropriation, for information as
to whether these charges are true or not, whether
this cxpendilure is legitimate and reasonable and
economical or not. It is the duty of the organs
of tho Housethat represent the Executive Depart-
ments hero, to <rivc us the information asked for,
instead of arraigning members for making charges
without sufficient foundation. I do not know
whether those charges made in the newspapers,
and referred to by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mi. Lo^ ejoy,] arc true or not; but 1 say that it
is the duty of the committee having the matter
in charge to give us the information, and tell us
whether they are true or not; and when a reso-
lution calling for that information cannot be got
through the House, I will not vote for the bill till
I know the truth of the facts alleged.
Mr. PHELPS. I understood the gentleman
from Illinois to assert that the expenditures for the
Army had been increased, in four or five years,
from $9,000,000 to $19,000,000, and that that was
about the case with the expenditures for the Navy
Department. I desire to call his attention to the
public documents to show that all of these ex-
penditures, made under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War, are not for the support and main-
tenance of the Army A portion of them—nearly
two million dollars—have been expended in the
erection of fortifications for the military defense
of the country. And a portion of them are con-
nected with the construction of the very building
that we now occupy, of the public buildings of
the city of Washington, arid of the aqueduct that
is being constructed for the purpose of supplying
the people of this District with water—the ex-
penditure for these works being under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, and amounting to
more than $2,000,000.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I made the assertion on the
authority of the statement of receipts, expendi-
tures, and appropriations of the United States,
which is a printed document of the Thirty-Fifth
Congress.
Mr. PHELPS. That onlyexhibits theamount
expended under the direction of the War Depart-
ment; not the amount expended for the support
and maintenance of the Army.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is for the military service.
Mr. PHELPS. So far as fortifications are con-
cerned, the expenditures for them are made under
the direction of the Secretary of War; yet they
cannot be said to be for the maintenance and sup-
port of the Army. So with the heavy expendi-
tures for ordnance supplies. Therefore, this state-
ment must be received with a discount of four or
five millions; so that the amount of money ex-
pended during the last year for the support and
maintenance of the Army, was not more than
#15,000,000. I merely desired to call the atten-
tion of the committee to this misstatement on the
part of the gentleman from Illinois.
But that gentleman has also, on the ground of
rumors, made some statements m regard to con-
tracts said to have been made by the Secretary of
War, or by the Quartermaster General, for sup-
plies to be furnished to the Army during the resi-
due of this fiscal year, and for the next fiscal year
ending June 30, 1859.
I wish to correct the gentleman from Illinois
about one contract only, because with regard to
tho other alleged contiacts I am not advised on
the subject. I had been aware of the existence
of a contract with that firm in Missouri, which has
been for years past engaged in transporting sup-
plies for the At my. I know that that same firm
had been employed in this manner under the ad-
ministration of Mr. Fillmore, under the admin-
istration of General Pierce, and under this Ad-
ministration, and it was expected that it would
continue to be employed under this Administration
during the continuance of this difficulty in Utah.
And for this reason—that those gentlemen happen
to perform the service cheaper than any other per-
son would perform it—that they have the means
to execute their contract, and because, for the last
several years, every military officer who has come
m contact with them, has borne testimony to the
faithful and energetic manner in which they have
discharged the duties devolved upon them, and
because, when they arc required, almost at a mo-
ment's notice, to fit out a heavy expedition of
cattle and wagons and teamsters across the plains,
they have fitted it out, regardless of the expense
to themselves, in an incredibly short space of time.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Under-
wood] was correct in his statement of the manner
in which supplies for the quartermaster's depart-
ment had been purchased. The wagons and ani-
mals necessary for transportation, and the horses
for the mounted troops, have been procured by the
quartermaster himself, purchased m open market
when he could make the purchases, and when he
could not make the purchases at the points where
the supplies were needed for the public service,
then he has sent men through the country who
have purchased, on the best terms possible, the
horses, mules, and cattle, needed in the quarter-
master's department. That has been the practice
of the Government for many years past.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] has
remarked that he desires information upon this
subject. If the gentleman had hestowed his atten-
tion upon some of the miscellaneous documents,
he would have found there minute estimates of the
expenditures which it was supposed would be in-
curred for the Utah expedition, and also for any
additional troops that may have to be sent out to
aid in suppressing any Sisturbance which may •
exist in that Territory.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy]
commented, as did the gentleman from Ohio, upon
the prices alleged to be paid for horses. So far
as I am informed in relation to the value of horses
which would be serviceable for the dragoon and
cavalry service of our country, I doubt very much
whether any gentleman can make any money by
the delivery of horses fitted for the service at Fort
Leavenworth for the price alleged to have been
paid—$159 50. I am not advised as to the price
of horses in the States of Ohio and Illinois, but
I know the price of horses in the section of coun-
try where I reside, and throughout the State of
Missouri, where many of the horses for the use
of the Govemment-h^yebeen procured; and if the
price of horses is the same now that it was last
fall, then I am satisfied that if any person has
made a contract for the delivery of horses to the
quartermaster at Fort Leavenworth for $159 50,
he must procure the horses elsewhere than in the
State of Missouri, if he expects to make much
money by his contract. I do not speak now of
broken down horses, but of horses fit for the ser-
vice; for all the horses delivered for the service
of the Army have to be inspected by the quarter-
master, and if, upon examination, they are not
deemed serviceable, they are not accepted, nor
does the Government pay for them. That has
been the practice for years at all the military posts
where animals are purchased for transportation,
for the use of the mounted troops.
1 am aware, Mr. Chairman, that the appropri-
ations which are contained in this bill, for the
support and maintenance of the Army, are very-
large. There has been no desiie, on the part of
the Committee of Ways and Means, to conceal
from the House the magnitude of the sum which
is required to be voted by the House, if they ex-
pect the military service of our country to be kept
up and maintained, and if they expect that the
troops now in Utah shall receive the supplies, and
the men and munitions of war, necessary to en-
able them to maintain the honor of the country.
A portion of these deficiencies are not for the
present fiscal year; they are for the last preceding
fiscal year; and this Congress could not have been
called upon to vote for such heavyappropriations
had it not been for the fitting out, and sending to
the Territory of Utah, of a military expedition.
Every member of the committee is aware of the
circumstances under which that expedition was
sent to Utah. It was not sent as a warlike ex-
pedition. You found that the civil officers of
the Government, with the exception of Brigham
Young, who is the head of the Mormon Church,
and was acting as Governor until some time last
fall, had been compelled to flee from the Terri-
tory, in consequence of the hostility manifested
towards them by the Mormons. A quiet, unas-
suming gentleman, who may be seen any day
upon the avenue in this city—a gentleman who
had long been employed as draftsman to one of
the committees of the Senate—had received the
appointment of surveyor general of the Territory;
he was a gentleman fully qualified to discharge
the duties of that office. He went to Utah; and,
in the discharge of his duty, made contracts with
persons to survey the public lands in the Terri-
tory. His deputy surveyors, when they went
into the field, were subjected to all kinds of an-
noyances at the hands of the Mormons; in some
instances they were driven off; and it is believed
that the Mormons incited the Indians to attack
them; and, in those attacks, gentlemen attached
to the small surveying parties were wounded,
and, in some instances, one or two were killed.
This gentleman, (the surveyor general,) who
