2478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
merits of this case, and I want to make a state-
ment to the committee, with a view to an amend-
ment. [Cries of" Go on !"] This man is not a
constituent of mine, as he lives in the State of
Tennessee, but I know him. He is one of the
most intelligent men 1 ever knew. He rendered
as much service to the country as any man ever
connected with the Army did. The testimony of
Colonel Thomas H. Benton shows him to have
been one of the most gallant and meritorious offi-
cers we have had. He was breveted as major of
the Army. He lives in Tennessee, in a log-cabin,
without any floor other than that furnished by
the bare earth. He is also blind. This bill pro-
poses to pay him twenty-five dollars a month as
a pension.
Mr. CHAFFEE. That is all we could give
him under the law.
Mr. BURNETT. The regular pay of a major
of the Army is ninety dollars per month. Now,
I ask this committee if they will not increase the
pension of that old man of seventy-seven years?
[Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!"] I move to
strikeout" twenty-five dollars"and insert" forty
dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
No objection being made, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a iccom-
mendation that u do pass with an amendment.
KENNEDY O'BRIEN.
A bill (I-I. R. No. 457) for the relief of Ken-
nedy O'Brien.
The hill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Kennedy O'Brien on the list of
mvaiid pensioners at the rate of eight dollars per
month, from the 1st of January, 1854.
The report states that the petitioner served in
the late war with Mexico, having volunteeied two
different times; and that, wlukfin the lin<i of lua
duty, he contracted a t hronie diarrhea, from the
effects of which he became blind.
No objection being made, the hill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
EVELINA PORTER.
A bill(H. "R. No. 458) for the relief of Evelina
Porter, widow of the late Commodore David Por-
ter, of the United Suites Navy.
The billdiiects the Secretai y of the Interior to
place the name of Evelina Porter, widow of the
late Commodore Porter, deceased, of the United
States Navy, upon thp list of invalid pensions, to
he paid at the rate of thirty dollars per month,
for five years, from the 9ih of February, 18f>8;
that if Evelina Porter shall intei marry belbi e i he
expiration of the five years, then the pension shall
cease at the dale of her death.
Mr. IJOCOOK. 1 do not wish to object to this
hill, but I think there is a mistake m the last line.
I move to strike out tiie word* " her death" and
insert in lieu thereof, the words " her said inter-
marriage."
The amendment was agreed to.
From the report the following facts appear:
The memorialist states that her husband, David
Porter, entered the United Stales Navy in 1798,
as a midshipman; that in the Oid Tripobtan war
(1803) he received a wound, which, with the ef-
fects of a severe attack of yellow fever, < ontractr-d
while in command of the United States squadron
for the suppression of piracy in the West India
seas, was the cause of ins death; that behoving
the act of Congress of 30th of June, 1834, de-
signed to contents benefits on the widows of those
who had faithfully served their country and who
had died under the circumstances therein stated,
she applied to the Commissioner of Pensions to
be placed on the Navy pension roll; that officer
decided that she was notenmled to the benefits of
the act in question, because her husband at the
time of Ins death was not an officer of the Navy.
Under these ciicumstanccs she appeals to Con-
gress, and prays the passage ofan act for her ben-
efit, granting her a pension, commencing at the
date of her husband's death, m a similar manner
and at the same rate with the widows of officers
of her husband's rank who are now upon the Navy
pension roll, whose husbands died before they
left the naval service.
In support of her claim, Dr. Edmund L. Du
Barre certifies that he was attached to the squad-
ron commanded by Commodore David Porter in
the "West Indies, for the suppression of piracy;
that Porter contracted in 1823 a violent attack of
yellow fever; his life was despaired of; his sys-
tem was totally unable to react; he had received
many severe wounds in the service; the yellow
fever reopened old wounds, and his left cavish,
which had been wounded many years before, sup-
purated, and pieces of bone exfoliated; saw him
again in 1824-25; his health was then precarious;
his stomach, liver, and bowels were very much
deranged; having lived in the cabin of the " Sea
Gull" with him, had ample opportunity of ob-
serving the condition of his system; was a con-
stant witness to his intense sufferings; saw him
again in 1838 or 1839; saw the breaking up of his
physical powers rapidly advancing. The account
h of his death isconsistent with his view ofthe case
!• from the beginnin g. The wound on the scrotum,
jj deranging the urinary organs and obstructing the
i, functions of the bladder, of itself was serious; but
attended with an almost total paralysis of the
action of the parts, death was a most certain re-
sult. That his death is wholly attributable to
wounds received and disease contracted in the ser-
vice, in the actual performance of his duties, he
has not the slightest doubt.
G. H. Ileap certifies that he resided with Com-
modore David Porter for nine months previous
to his death, in constant attendance upon him
during his last illness up to his death, on the 3d
of March, 18-13. His death was caused in a great
measure by adisorderof the bladderfroma wound
produced by a hall, which injured the relative
parts. During his last illness it was often neces-
sary to lift him out of bed twenty times a night,
and to use the catheter before relieved. Has no
doubt his death was caused by wounds and sick-
ness received in his country's service by the ob-
struction of the urethra by the wound, aggravated
by other injuries, andesjieciaily the attack of yel-
low fever above referred to.
George A. Porter certifies that he was a nephew
of Commodore David Porter; was with him from
1830 to the day of his death, March 3, 1843; re-
sided with him the whole tune he lived at Con-
stantinople; attended him dating his illness, and
was present when he died. Ills premature death
was attributed, by all who were intimately ac-
quainted with him, to the zealous discharge of
his duties in the naval service.
C. W Goldsborou^h, secretary of the Navy
co ami ism to tiers, states that Commodore Porter has
rendered not only long and faithful, but extraor-
dinary Sei vices, as the records of the Navy De-
paitmcnt will fully testify, in February, 1798,
he was a midshipman on board the frigate Con-
stellation; in 1800 was promoted to first lieuten-
ant of the Experiment. That in an engagement
off Old Tnpoh,by a detachment of the vessels of
the squadron under command of Commodore R.
Y. Moms, at that time commanded by Lieuten-
ant Porter, as the boats approached, several of
our men weie killed and wounded, among the
latter Lieutenant Porter, who received a slight
wound in the right thigh and a ball through the
left. Commodore Morris reported Lieutenant
Dawd Porter and others as deserving particular
distinction on that occasion.
John Downes, a captain in the United States
Navy, states that in 1790 or 1800 he was a boy
on the ft igate. Constellation, in the West Indies,
when Commodore Porter, then quite a youth,
commanded a small schooner, pursued an ene-
my's vessel of superior force into shoal water,
and captured her after a sharp action. He wit-
nessed his gallant attack on the enemy's vessels
with a detachment of boats under his command
from the United States squadi on at Oid Tripoli in
18U3. In this attack lie was wounded through
the thigh; all the enemy's vessels were set on
fne. Commodore Porter was m soveial actions
in the West Indies during our war with France
in 1799 and 1800, and in one of them was wounded
in the shoulder; has known him intimately since
1802; was his first lieutenant on the Essex, during
the whole time he commanded her; does not be-
lieve any country can boast of his superior as a
naval commamiei; no man has done more to build
up the reputation of the Navy.
F. A. Thornton says, that in December, 1822,
he was pmserof the piratical expedition for the
West Indies, umkr Commodore David Porter;
continued with him till his return, in the fall or
winter of 1824 or 1825. While in this servicc,
Porter suffered from severe attacks of yellow
fevei, &c.
Joshua Blake, a captain in the Navy, says he
was second lieutenant of the schooner Experi-
ment, then in command of Lieutenant Maley; that
Commodore David Porter was then first lieutenant
of the schooner. On the 1st of January, 1800,
they had an engagement of some hours with sev-
eral brigand barges. During the action, which
part of the time was close and severe, Commodore
(then Lieutenant) Porter received a wound in the
ieft shoulder. Pie distinctly recollccts that he
suffered much from the effect of the contusion.
Memorialist's marriage with David Porter is
proven by the statements of Rebecca S. Connell
and Mary Davenport, who were present at their
marriage, wh ich, together with her own statement,
under oath, fixes the date of their marriage on the
9th day of March, 1808, at the residence of her
father, in the town of Chester, Pennsylvania.
From the testimony it appears that Commodore
David Porter's death is wholly attributable to
wounds and injuries received, and disease con-
tracted by him, while in his country's service,
and m the discharge of his duties; that his death
oc.currcd at Constantinople, in Turkey, on the 3d
of March, 1843, at which place he was at the time
a diplomatic functionary of the Government, and
not m the naval service of the United States.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommend-
tion that it do pass.
SILAS STEVENS.
A bill (II. R. No. 459) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Silas Stevens, of Virginia.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Silas Stevens, of Virginia, on
the invalid pension roll, and pay him a pension,
at the rate of four dollars a month, from the 1st
of February, 1858, during his natural life.
It appears from the report that the memorialist
euteied the service about the 1st of September,
1812, in the company of Captain James Morgan,
m Colonel Dudley Evans's regiment of Virginia
militia, and that he was marched to the North-
west to join General Hariison; that at a small
village, called Delaware, in the State of Ohio, he
was taken sick, where he remained six weeks,
not being able to perform duty as a soldier, and
there being no prospect that lie ever would be, he
was discharged, and left to get home as best he
could.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
BERIAH WRIGHT.
A bill (II. It. No. 460) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Oeriah Wright, of New York.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of lieriah Wright, of New
York, upon the roll of invalid pensioners of the
United States, and to pay him a pension, at tho
rate of four dollars per month, from the 16th day
of February, 1858, during his natural life.
The report shows that tho memorialist was in
the service of the United States Army as a cor-
poral, and that owing to exposure from want of
tents and clothing, he was attacked with rheuma-
tism so severely that Major Bayly, commanding
the regiment, allowed him to procure a substitute
and return to his home, some four or five weeks
before the expiration of his term of service. The
term of service commenced May 19, 1813, and
Corporal Wright left in the winter of 1813-14 to
go home. Dr. Kenrick testifies that Wnghtleft
home in good health, robust and vigorous, and
returned for medical advice; his complaint was
iheumatism; and that it lias disabled him, the
said Wright, one half or three quarters.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
JOHN LEE.
_ A bill (H. R. No. 461) granting an invalid pen-
sion to John Lee, of the State of Maine.
The bill directs that the name of John Lee be
placed upon the pension list of the United States,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, from the
22d of December, 1857, and that the Secretary of
the Interior pay him eight dollars per month, to
be estimated and computed from and after De-
cember 22, 1857, and to continue during life.
The Committee on Invalid Pensions report that
Lee, under the name of John Richards, a private,
