THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. .C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY SG, 1858.
New Series. .. .No.
do not think, with the gentleman from Louisiana,
that time should be given to these courts to ex-
amine cases which have not been presented within
the year. I thank the gentleman from Virginia
for permitting me to make these remarks.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I merely wish, in
this connection, to suggest to the gentleman from
Virginia an improvement upon the amendment
winch he has offered; and. 1 will point to the
amendment I propose by a statement of these
facts. At the time this resolution passed the Sen-
ate, the act referred to was in full force, and all the
proceedings had under that act were valid and
legal; and all the proceedings since had under the
act would have been valid and legal had this res-
olution passed at the time proposed by the gen-
tleman from Virginia—last Friday. But since
then, the proceedings which have been had have
been had without legal authority, the act under
which they were had having expired. Now, un-
less some act be passed by this House, conjointly
with the Senate, there will be no validity in those
acts had since that time. I hardly think that the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia reaches sufficiently far to reinstate those
acts had by the courts; and therefore I suggest,
m addition to the amendment already proposed,
to follow it with this amendment:
That all the acts of the couits. in said aet named, after the
limitation theiem stated, be, ami the biune aie hereby, legal-
ized.
There is one further consideration in reference
to this act which we had better dwell upon at this
period of time. The resolution proposes, to-
gether with the assistance of the amendment, that
all proceedings under the act shall, or may be,
continued until some day m April next, with the
exception of the examination and procedure to be
had by these courts of inquiry. Now, sir, there
is named in that act certain preliminary acts to
be had by the officers who propose an advantage
from that examination; ana, by the words of this
resolution, those preliminary acts are authorized
to bo had until a certain day in April, while we,
by our resolution, affirm that consequent acts
thereof, which give vitality and force to those pre-
liminary acts, shall not be had. I suggest to the
gentleman from Virginia, that perhaps it would
be well to make a provision m this resolution m
that respect, so as to limit the extension of these
acts, and all proceedings not necessarily connected
with preliminaries for examination before these
courts, by adopting this amendment: " That all
acts had since the limitation of the act, are now
hereby authorized as legal."
Mr. BOCOCK. In reference to the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from New York, I
do not see that there is any particular objection
to it; nor do I see that it is particularly necessary.
Upon an examination of the joint resolution, and
uponagood deal of consideration and advisement,
I came to the conclusion that the passage of this
joint resolution would itself extend the operation
of the act; that the operation of the act would be
considered as revised, and everything done under
it legalized. Though the law has expired, to ex-
tend it to the 16th of April of this year will'in my
humble judgment, make legal everything done
under it. 1 do not wish to incumber the joint
resolution. I am authorized by the committee to
report the resolution and the amendment: but I
am not authorized to amend the amendment. I
have no objection to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from NewYoik; but I am not able to
accept it, because the amendment I have proposed
is the amendment of the committee, which I am
not authorized to modify.
I wish to say, m conclusion, that a great many
gentlemen have seemed to misunderstand the pur-
port of the amendment I have introduced, ltdoes
not make the operation of the joint resolution
more stringent, or cut off anybody. Whatever
effect it has, that effect is to enlarge and liberalize
the joint resolution passed by the Senate. It
takes away no powei, but extends the power to
all cases under advisement and consideration at
the time of the expiiaUon of the resolution of the
24
17th of January, 1857. I fear 1 have already taken
up too much of the time of the House
Mr. SICKLES. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Naval Committee whether, in case the Presi-
dent shall deem it right to order a rehearing in
one or pore of the cases passed upon by the court
of inquiry, the resolution about to be passed, taken
in connection with the existing laws on the sub-
! ject, would authorize the court to sit for the pur-
pose of such rehearing ?
Mr. WINSLOW. I would say to the gentle-
man from New York that this resolution does not
cover that branch of the subject; but that the
Committee on Naval Affairs have before them an-
other joint resolution that would embrace that
power.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 must say that I do not think
this joint resolution will accomplish the purpose
which the gentleman from New York has in view.
As the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Winslow] has said, another joint resolution has
passed the Senate, come to this House, and been
refened to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Whether the committee will report upon it, I am
not authorized to say. However, when they re-
port it back, the subject will be before the House,
and the gentleman will have an opportunity to
accomplish the purpose he has in view.
I was about to say, that if I have taken up too
much of the time of the House, it has grown out
of a weakness on my part to accommodate gen-
tlemen by giving them such information as was in
my power.
I call the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the previous question.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 cannot.
Mr. SEW ART). I shall move to lay the reso-
lution on the tabic, unless the previous question is
withdrawn. Will it be in order to move to recom-
mit the resolution to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs ?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the previous
question is voted down.
Mr. KEITT demanded tellers.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Seward were appointed
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 95, noes 34.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. SEWARD. As that joint resolution will
not accomplish the object that the gentleman from
Virginia professes to desire, I move that it be laid
upon the table.
The motion whs not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. Is it in order to move to post-
pone the further consideration of the resolution
to a day certain?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, the pre-
vious question having been seconded.
Mr. SEWARD. So I supposed, sir.
The main question was then ordered, beingfirst
upon the amendment proposed by Mr. Bocock,
to add to the proviso to the joint resolution the
words:
Except a< to any case pending and undetermined before i
any eouit of mquny und«'r the aet of Januaiy 17, IS."/, at j
the expiration tiieieof.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If thatamendment be adopted,
will the resolution have to go back to the Senate,
and then be returned to this House?
The SPEAKER. If the Senate concur in the
amendment, the.resolution will not have to be re-
turned to the House.
The amendment was adopted; and the joint
resolution was then ordered to a third reading.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the rrsolution is passed,
I would suggest to the gentleman from Virginia
that the act he proposes to amend was passed on
the 16th of January, 1857, and not on the 17th.
He had better conect that error, at least.
Mr. BOCOCK. I was under the impression
that the act passed on the 17th. If the date is
incorrect, I hope that, by unanimous consent, it
Will be changed.
Mr. MORoAN. No, sii; I object.
Mr. BOCOCK. Very well, then, letitgoasitis.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time; and the question being upon its passage—
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, demanded the yeac
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BOCOCK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES MAXWELL.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Dr.
Charles Maxwell, a surgeon in the United States
Navy; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ASEL WILKINSON.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
granting a pension to Ansel Wilkinson;" which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was then read inextenso. It provides
that the act granting a pension to Ansel Wilkin-
son, approved August 13, 1856, be so amended
that the word "Ansel "shall read"Asel" where-
evcr the same occurs in said act.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the permission of the
House that that bill be put upon its passage. 1
will state the facts. The act which it is proposed
to amend, passed the House during the last Con-
gress unanimously. It granted a pension in a
case of much meiit on the part of the petitioner.
But either in the Naval Committee of the House
or in that of the Senate,a clerical error was made,
and the name was printed "Ansel" instead of
"Asel." The object of this bill is merely to cor-
rect that error, and I hope the House will indulge
me by putting it upon its passage.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed $nd
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WINSLOW moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTORS OF THE CALEPONIA.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the ben-
efit of the captors of the British brig Caledonia,
in the war of 1812; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to
be printed.
THOMAS PEMBER.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, presented an adverse report on the memo-
rial of Thomas Pember, of Washington; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM HEINE.
Mr. HAWKINS, from the same committee,
reported ci bill for the relief of William Heine,
artist of the Japan expedition; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered
to printed.
ELIPHALET BROWN, JR.
Mr. MORSE, of New York, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Elipha-
let Brown, jr.: which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
LOUIS LEPAPE.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, presented an adverse report in the
case of Louis Lepape;which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
DANIEL MANDIGO AND OTHERS.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, presented adverse reports
