1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2479
enlisted into the service for the war on the 3d of
February, 1813, in the ninth regiment of United
States infantry, and has been traced on the rolls
of his company up to the 15th of May, 1815. He
fought in five pitched battles: battle of Williams-
burg, in said regiment, in General Covington's
brigade; at Port Erie; at Chippewa, dueenstown,
and Fort George; at Bridgewater, or Lundy's
Lane; the siege of Fort Erie, which lasted fifty or
sixty days; and was in the fight when Fort Erie
was blown up, and at the sortie near said fort
when the enemy's batteries were taken and blown
up by the American forces. It further appears
that in said ninth regiment, at the battle of Lun-
dy's Lane, that all of said Lee's company, with
the exception of himself and one other private,
were either killed, wounded, or left the field be-
fore the termination of said battle. From the proof
it further appears that at said battle, and in the
night time, he was hit by a musket bail in the left
shoulder and badly injured; that in consequence
of said injury Ins left arm and hand have become
almost disabled.
Mr. Q.CJITMAN. I move to amend the bill by
striking out "eight dollars" and inserting "four
dollars," so as to make it conform to the pension
laws.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
JAMES FUGATE.
A bill (H. R. No. 462) granting an invalid pen-
sion to James Fugate, of Missouri.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Inferior to
place the name of .Tames Fugate, of Missouri,
upon the roll of invalid pensioners, and pay him a
pension, at the rate of eight dollars per month, in-
stead of four dollars per month, the amount he
now receives; to commence on the 4th of March,
1858, and to continue during his natural life.
It appears, from the papers submitted, that
James Fugate was placed on the invalid pension
roll, by a spccial act of Congress, at the rate of
four dollars per month. By the certificate of
George Johnson, surgeon United States marine
hospital at St. LouisTMissoun, it is shown that
said James Fugate is wholly disabled.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
ELMIRA WHITE.
A bill (H. R. No. 463) for the relief of Elmira
"White, widow of Captain Thomas R. White.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name ofElmiraWhite, widow ofThomas
It. White, of Maine, on the pension roll, from the
date of the disease and disability contracted by
Siiin iri the spr\ ice of his country, during her wid-
owhood, at the same rate per annum, and in lieu
of the pension received by her.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That bill contains
an entirely raew principle. I have no objection
to the bill if it is made to conform to the law which
gives to the widow of the soldier who had died in
the service, or of disease contracted in the service,
a pension for five years and subsequently for an-
other five years. But this bill proposes to go back
to the date of the disease in 1812 or 1813 and give
her this pension for forty or fifty years.
Mr. SMI I'H, of Virginia. I move to amend
the bill, so as to make the pension commence from
the date of the passage of the bill.
Mr. GROW. As "I understand it, this widow
is drawing a pension now. If we strike out the
pension she now receives, and put in five years'
pension, will it not reduce her pension?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It will just
give her a pension for five years.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is she now getting
a pension ?
Mr. CHAFFEE. Half pay.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it continuous'
Mr CHAFFEE. It is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I object to
the bill.
MICHAEL KINNY.
An act (S. No. 35) for the relief of Michael
Kinny, late a private m company I, eighth regi-
ment United States Army,
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Michael Ivinny on the pension
list, at the rate of eight dollars per mojith, com-
mencing on the 11th of December, 1856, and to
continue during his life.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I move to amend the bill by
striking out " eight,"and inserting" four."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I object to
the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
anything about this case, but I understand from
the report that this man has had one of hisJegs
amputated, and that is always held at the Pen-
sion Office to be a total disability.
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. Well, lex noncurat
minimis. I withdraw the objection.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
CORNELIUS H. LATHAM.
A bill (H. R. No. 464) for the relief of Corne-
lius H. Latham.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
allow and pay Cornelius H. Latham, of New
York, an invalid pensioner, eight dollars per
month during his natural life, in lieu of the pen-
sion now allowed him bylaw, to comtncncc on
the 25th of February, 1856.
It appears that the petitioner was, by special
act of Congress for his relief, approved July 17,
1854, placed on the pension list, at the rate of four
dollars per month, on account of disease con-
tracted while in the line of his duty, in the ser-
vice of the United States, as a private in C.iptain
E. V. Sumner's company of United States dra-
goons. The petitioner now states that the said
disease has continued to this time, and lenders
him unable to perform any labor. lie presents
the affidavits of two physicians, who are certified
to bo reputable in their profession, who state that
he is not only still disabled, but, in con^equcnce,
is disabled to a degree amounting to a total disa-
bility.
ji The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
jj House.
EDWARD N. KENT.
A bill (H. It. No. 465) for the relief of Edward
N.Kent. [Objected to by Mr. Underwood.]
ADVERSE REPORTS FROM COURT OF CLAIMS.
The following adverse reports from the Court
of Claims stood next in order upon the Calendar:
An adverse report (No. 159) upon the petition
of Joseph Ratclilf;
An adverse report (No. 160) upon the petition
of Oliver Dubois;
An adverse report (No. 162) upon the petition
of Arthur Edwards and others;
An adverse report (No. 164) upon the petition
of A. O. P. Nicholson; and
An adverse report (No. 166) upon the petition
of Joshua J. Guppy, judge of the county court of
Columbia county, Wisconsin, as trustee for the
claimants and occupants of" Portage City."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that these
adverse reports will be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that they be concurred in.
Mr. WALDRON. I desire that report No.
162 be laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
It was so ordered.
The other reports wore then laid aside, to be
reported to the House with a recommendation
that they be concurred in.
JAMES RUMPH.
A bill (H. R. No. 476) for the relief of James
! Rum ph.
I The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
! ury to pay to James Rumph, out of any money in
! the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated, $760, it
'l being in full compensation for medical aid ren-
j; dered to soldiers m the service of the United States
! in 1837.
ij The report having been read, the bill was laid
'! aside to be reported to the House,
jj WILLIAM TURVIN.
i| A bill (C. C. No. 81) for the relief of the heirs
,i of William Turvin, deceased.
; The bill authorizes the heirs of William Tur-
; vin, deceased, to locate, free of cost, nine hundred
'! owl sixty arpents ofiand, or as near thereto as the
same can be done, not exceeding that quantity,
according to the legal subdivisions, on any of the
i public lands of the United States subject to entry
' atpuvatesale; which lands, when so located, shall
li be'in full for the claim of their father, William
Turvin, to a tract of land lying on the east side
of the Mobile river and west of the Bayou Pas-
cual, under a grant from the Spanish Government,
and which was recommended for confirmation on
the report of the register and receiver of the land
office for the district of St. Stephens; and author-
izes the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
upon the receipt of the certificate of entry from
the proper land office, to issue a patent for the land
so located.
The report states that, on the 30th June, 1787,
Samuel Moore, an inhabitant of the jurisdiction
of Mobile, petitioned the Governor of Florida for
a concession of twelve arpents ofiand situated and
lying on the Tensaw, or east branch of the Mo-
bile river, contiguous to Bayou Pascual, and the
lands of one Strahan, certified to be vacant by
Don Vincente Palch, captain of the Louisiana
regiment of infantry, civil and military command-
ant of the town of Mobile, and of the district
thereto appertaining. On the 3d August follow-
ing, the concession was granted by the Governor,
Don Stephen Miro, with an order of settlement
and survey, directing Don Charles LaveauTu-
deau, surveyor general of the province, to " put
the petitioner in possession of twelve arpents front
by the ordinary depth of forty," making an area
of four hundred and eighty arpents. So far as the
; proof in the case discloses, there never was any
| survey made, and nothing further done by the
| Spanish authorities towards perfecting the title.
1 But it is well established that Moore shortly after-
| wards took possession of the land, erected build-
I ingsthereon, made " considerable improvements,
I with roads leading to and from," &c., and con-
I tinued to occupy it until his death, winch must
j have occurred shortly thereafter, for on the 7th
i November, 1791, his widow, who appears in the
i mean time to have married a man by the name of
' Thompson, assumed to convey the land to Wil-
| liam Turvin, the ancestor of the present claimants,
i Afterwards, on the 20th August, 1806, Turvin
' applied to Morales, the Intendant General of the
i Floridas, for an additional concession of twelve
arpents, with the ordinary depth of forty, contigu-
ous to the fiist tract; the application was referred
to Armand de Courville, Minister of the Royal
I Revenue, who reported on the 19th of September,
I 1806, in favor of the concession; there appears no
i further assurance of title from the Spanish Gov-
' eminent; the proof shows that Turvin continued
to occupy and improve the lands until his death
in 1810, and his children from that time until,
under the actof the Jlth February, 1813,-the ter-
ritory was transferred to the jurisdiction of the
United States, and, indeed, for many years after-
! waids. It appears that on the 19th June, J813,
! one James Conway, as executor of William Tur-
j vin, and as agent for his heir,gave notice to Wil-
j ham Crawford, commissioner ofiand claims east
< of Pearl river, that he claimed this land embraced
| in the original concession to Samuel Moore, but
! seems to have produced no evidence that it had
I ever been inhabited or cultivated; and for this
i omission, the commission did not admit the va-
i lidity of the claim.
i By a letter under date of October 13, 1857,
addressed by the Commissioner of the General
! Land Office," to Hon. Philip Phillips, it appears
: " that all the southern part of townshipone south,
j of range two east, lying east of the Tensaw
i river, for more than three miles from the south-
ern boundary of said township, and the north
part of township two south, of range two east,
and lying east of the Tensaw river for a distance
of more than two miles from the northern bound-
ary of said township, except the east part of sec-
tion eleven and all of section twelve, which are in
the eastern part of said township, and distant
from Tensaw river, but are one mile from the
| northern boundary of said township, are cov-
i erod by the private claims of Joshua Kennedy,
' J. L. Seabury, the heirs of Robert Wolfington,
■ the representatives of William Fisher, John and
Bruner Griffin, the heirs of Robert Gilchrist, and
, Aaron Barlow and wife;" from which it will be
seen that thefc private claims cover all the land
described m the leportof the register and receiver
os nine hundred and sixty arpents, situate and
lvin0, in township one and two south, of range
two'east, on the east bank of the Mobile river,
and the east branch of the same, usually called
the Tensaw river, and bounded by the Bayou
I Pascual and the land claimed by Strahan.
