418
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
35ih Cong.... 1st Sess.
Arrest of William Walker—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
way. Show to the world your physical power
and your purpose; and do not allow, in the con-
struction of the-great highway, either personal
interests or political and sectional prejudices to
control your action. The enterprise rises above
such mean and lesser things. The integrity of
the Union and your nationa. honor are at stake.
-Construct this road, and the world will honor
and respect you now, while posterity will praise
and revere you.
Mr. Chairman, I have thus, very imperfectly,
I grant, fulfilled my task. It has been ray earn-
est endeavor, as stated in the outset, to exhibit,
though in a sketch-like way, the vast material re-
sources of New Mexico, as embraced in her agri-
cultural, mineral, and pastoral wealth; to set forth
a true view of her isolated territorial condition;
to proclaim her demands upon your protection
and fostering cure; to inform the public mind of
the nature of the country as respects its induce-
ments to immigration; and, so far as it rests in
my humble power, to show that your great na-
tional highway should pass through New Mex-
ican territory.
My object is to open up thia almost terra incog-
nita to settlement from the various flourishing
States, North, South, East, and West, of the
Confederacy; to give an impetus to and increase
their population; to sow the quickening germs of
future progress; and, in the proper development
of the resources of a section of this land, by na-
ture so supremely blessed, while directly adding
to the welfare of my own people, to benefit at
large the great Union of which we are now a fed-
erative part.
It must be borne in mind, sir, that we are not
a population new, unstable, and heterogeneous in
its element, such as has poured into Nebraska and
other infant Territories of the UtVion; and which
afterwards, in a relentless conflict and eternal
clashing of dissimilar interests, lias given to
" bleeding Kansas" voice forherechoingaild ag-
onizing " shrieks." Rut we are a nation in our-
selves, with our peculiar characteristics, customs,
and prejudices, coming into this Republic, not
as a conquered people, but rather by honorable
treaty; and now seeking therein just recognition
of our incorporate part though an intelligent ap-
preciation 01 the principles of this Government,
and because of a desire, long ago entertained, to
be the subjects of its protecting arm.
We know, in truth, in New Mexico, no North,
no South, no East, no West. Sectional feuds and
civil embroilments elsewhere, wild and threaten-
ing in their stormy outbreaks, reach us only by
report; and fanaticism and ultraism.the common
birth of the same dark school of treason and se-
dition, are utter and uninvited strangers to our
peaceful borders.
We want, air, a healthy, harmonious, active,
and energetic population among us. Not individ-
uals with black carpet sacks in their hands, con-
taining all their worldly goods; or others, who,
as in a special instance charged lately, may cross
an interested border for the purpose of a vote; but
people who, guided by the counselings of the bet-
ter instincts of human nature, are prompted to
settle in the Territory to improve their own con-
dition, and that, likewise, of their offspring. We
ask fitting outlets for our expanding trade; we as-
pire to build ourselves into a thriying,and perma-
nent prosperity; we assume to take the place and
position to which we are entitled in this great
Commonwealth. And, sir, I express the senti-
ment, that { see a bow of promise smiling on the
future of New Mexico, under whose brilliancy
she will ultimately realize her brightest hope, and
obtain, at no distant day, a high and elevated
place m the galaxy of States.
AllRBST OP WILLIAM WALKER.
SPEECH OF HON MILES TAYLOR
OF LOUISIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 25,1858.
The Hou^e being in the Committee of the Whole on the
fctale of thf Union —
- Mr. TAYLOR said:
Mr. Chairman: I desire to engage the attention
of the committee for a short time m relation to a
subject connected with one which occupied their
attention and the attention of the House at an
early part of the session. It is one which grows
out of the capture of General William Walker in
Nicaragua, and the bringing back of that person
and his followers to the territories of the United
States. It is not my purpose to enter into the sub-
ject of the character of the expedition of Walker.
It is not my purpose to engage in any examina-
tion of his previous history. I shall assume,
with a view to the discussion of points to which
I wish to direct inquiry, that General Walker and
his followers, whilst they were within the limits
of the United States were guilty of a violation of
the laws of the United States in setting on foot an
expedition against Nicaragua. It is known to us
all that there are laws in existence which prohibit
persons within the limits of the United States
from attempting to form a military organization,
or attempting to set on foot a military expedition
which is destined to act against or within the
limits of another country which is at peace with
the United States.
I assume, then, that General Walker did set on
foot within the United States a military expedi-
tion to be carried on against the State of Nica-
ragua; and that, in engaging in that enterprise,
General Walker and his followers did violate the
laws of the United States. I assume further, that
it was within the power, that it was the right, and
that it was the duty of the President of the Uni-
ted States, to exercise all the executive power of
the nation for the purpose of arresting the persons
engaged in that enterprise, whilst they were with-
in the limits of the United States; and that it was
competent and proper for him to have exercised
that power for the purpose of breaking up that
expedition at any period after its departure from
the shores of the United States, and while it was
upon the high seas.
But before engaging in the course of remark
which I propose to pursue, I wish to state that it
is not my intention to make any reflection of any
kind, or to express any opinion, as it regards the
charactcr or the merits of the conduct of General
Walker in setting on foot that expedition; that it
is not my purpose to express any opinion with
respect to his character as a military leader, or his
character as a public man, whilst ho was charged
with the control of the affairs of Nicaragua.
Whatever might have been, whatever might be
now, my opinion; however much I might be dis-
posed to condemn anything in his conduct; how-
ever much I might he disposed to censure any of
his military actions; however I might be disposed
to depreciate his civil merits as the executive chief
of that country; I, for one, certainly shall not now
carp at his conduct, throw censure upon his ac-
tions, or deprcciate his capacity,after having been
silent during that period when he acted a part,
which was supposed to be a great one, in the af-
fairs of a neighboring State. 1 repeat it, sir, no
matter how objectionable I might think the con-
duct of Walker, whilst he was the military and
political chief of Nicaragua, this certainly is not
the time I should choose to parade it before the
world. I would not willingly add a straw to the
burdens borne by the unfortunate; and certainly
I could not find it in my heart, whatever others
may, to criticise and carp at the past career of a
brave man, when overwhelmed with misfortune.
After having been silent in the palmy days of his
power, I wili not, I cannot, throw upon him cen-
sure, or attempt to condemn his acts, when he is
suffering from the stings of an adverse fortune.
I am one of those who remember that the judg-
ment which is pronounced by the world upon pub-
lic men is determined not by the intrinsic merits
of their actions, but by the fortune which attends
them. I remember well that in a multitude of in-
stances in the history of the world, when men
have been engaged in those enterprises which
were legitimate in the eye of reason, and which,
in the opinion of all right-thinking men, were in
themselves right, they have been rewarded with
popular applause when they achieved success, and
visited with popular reprobation when they en-
countered failure. I remember well that when one
departs from the ordinary course of human action
for the purpose ofestablishing a new Government,
or of oveiturning an old one, if he succeeds he is
a patriot andahero; but I remember, too, if he
fails, that in the public estimation he is guilty of
a crime, and is called a rebel. Yes^sir, an un-
successful attempt to rid a people of tyranny and
oppression is, in the eyes of the world, rebellion!
" Rebellion I foul, dishonoring word,
Whose wiongful blight so oft ha? stained
The holiest cause that tumjue or swoid
Of mortal ever lost or gamed.
How many aspintborn to bless,
Hath sunk beneath thy withering name,
Whom but a day's—an hour's success,
Had wafted to eternal fame."
I remember well these words, uttered in bitter-
ness of heart by one of the great poets, who has,
but a short time since, passed from the scenes of
mortal action; for I felt that they were wrung
from him by the memories which clung to him
through life of those who, in his native land, had
attempted to bring about its political regeneration
and had failed, and who, for their attempts, had
fallen under the ax of the public executioner.
No, sir; after having looked on and seen William
Walker engage in that enterprise which termina-
ted in his becoming the chief of the Republic of
Nicaragua; after having looked on and been a wit-
ness, as it were, of the contest which raged in
that country for a considerable length of time, and
at last terminated in his overthrow; and, preserv-
ing silence then, I am not the man to attempt to
cast censure or even to venture upon public crit-
icism of his acts or his policy, in these Halls,
when he has met with defeat; defeat, too, brought
about, it is more than probable, by the improper
and unwarranted interference of another Power,
who violated the law of nations and her obliga-
tions to another State, by intermeddling with the #
internal affairs of a separate and an independent
people.
I will now proceed, Mr. Chairman, to touch
upon the subject that I desire to bring especially
to the notice of the committee. It is known to all
that the executive power of the United States was
exerted for the purpose of arresting that enter-
prise after its leader had departed from the United
States, and that the vessels of war employed upon
that service were not enabled to intercept the ex-
pedition upon the high seas. It is further known
that that expedition reached the shores of Nicara-
gua, and that Walker and his followers landed
upon its soil; that afterwards tiie officers of the
United States landed upon the soil of Nicaragua,
and by force took them into their possession, and
by force brought them from the soil of Nicaragua
and into the territorial limits of the United States;
that since their arrival within the territorial limits
of the United States, indictments have been found
against those persons for a violation of the laws *
of the United States, and that they are soon to bo
put upon their trial.
Now, sir, to my mind, if they are tried, the
Government of the United States will take a step
that is wrong in itself, and that may, in the end,
lead to great embarrassment in the future. With a
view to call public attention to what 1 conceived
might be the impropriety of permitting such a
trial, and what might be the embarrassments
which would follow'upon such action on the part
of the United States, I had the honor, not loivjf
sincc, to offer to the House a resolution, which
was in the following words:
"Resolved, That the President be requested to consider
whether William Walker and his followers, recently seized
by the naval forces of the United States, within the teriuo-
rial limits of the Republic of Nicaragua, and brought back
to the United States, can be tried under indictments found
against them m the eouits of the United States for offenses
alleged to have been committed by them, in the (Jmted
States, prior to the said seizure as aforesaid, without a vio-
lation of the principles heretofore leeogmzed and acted on
by the Government of the United States in its public policy;
and that ho bo also lequestod toconsade^ whether such trial
of the said William Walker and hisfoIJoweis, with the per-
mission and by the authority of the Executive, will not be
likely to give rise lo cmbariassmenu, and difficulties m the
future management of various questions necessaiily con-
nected with our relations with other countries."
An objection was made to that resolution, and
it was not received by the House. I desired, how-
ever^, that it should appear in the Globe, in order
that ibmight be before the public, as I designed
then to take advantage of an opportunity, such
as this, for the purpose of presenting my views to
the House upon the points raised by the resolu-
tion.
Mr. Chairman, this resolution presents for con-
sideration two questions: First, whether there is
