2480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28.
From this it would seem that the Government
has sold and received pay for the lands. By testi-
mony taken, it appears altogether probable that
other persons are, and for many years have been,
in the possession of these lands, under adverse
paramount titles; or, at any rate, that the heirs
of Turvin have not been in possession of any
portion thereof for the last twenty-five or thirty
years. How they lost their possession, whether
by sale or voluntary abandonment, or a legal evic-
tion, does not appear.
The Committee of Claims report that an amend-
ment be offered to the bill permitting the lands to
be located on lands subject to private entry at
$1 25 per acre.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside to be
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
DR. FERDINAND O. MILLER.
A bill (H. R. No. 480) for the relief of Ferdi-
nand O. Miller.
The bill authorizes and requires the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to audit and
settle the account of Dr. Ferdinand O. Miller, and
allow him the pay of an assistant surgeon in the
Army from July 6, 1846, to February 28, 1847,
both days inclusive, in full for his services as sur-
geon and assistant surgeon during the late war
with Mexico, deducting therefrom the amount
paid Dr. Miller as a pnvate soldier during the
same specified time.
The evidence shows that Doctor Miller engaged
as a private soldiei in the seivice of the United
States during the war with Mexico, but was af-
terwards detailed by the colonel of his regiment
to discharge the duties of surgeon and assistant
surgeon, which he did discharge from the 6th day
of July, 1846, to the 28th day of February, fol-
lowing, both days inclusive. The proof shows
that this service was absolutely necessary to be
performed by some surgeon to be appointed at the
time, owing to the sickness and absence of the
assistant surgeon, and, for a time, the necessary
absence of the surgeon of the regiment.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
DINAH MINIS.
A bill (H. R. No. 481) for the relief of Dinah
Minis.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Dinah Minis, or her lejjal representa-
tives, ont of any money in (he Treasury not other
wise appropriated, the sums duo on loan-ofliee eei-
tificates—No. 93, for #37 27], No. 94, for $74 55 j;
and No. 304, for $81 66; all dated AugiuU 19,
1701, and signed by Richard Wyliy, commis-
sioner of loans—on the surrender of the original
certificates at the Treasury Department.
The petitioner predicates her claim upon the
three following cei tificates, to wit:
No. 93.] L7.ni i ed Statfs Loan Om-'ioe,
State of Georgia, Jluziut 19, 1791.
Be it known, that there is due fiom the United Stale* of
Ameuca, unto Mr. George Wlntefield, ot'the xUate of rtoutli
Carolina. or his assigns, the fcumof^U? *.27 % boanng nitoicst
at six percent, pei annum from the in day ot Jnnuaiy, 1£U1,
inclusively, payable quarter yeatiy, and subject to l'ctleuip
tion by payments not e\c ucdms* m one yc.'u, on account of
both principal and interest, the proportion ot myht dollars
upon a hundred of the stock bearing miei est at six pei cent.,
created by virtue of an act making provision foi the debt of
tho United States, passed on the -Itii day of August, 1790,
which debt is recorded in thi4-office,and r<; tran^iemble only
by appearance m person or by attorney at the proper office,
according to the rules and foims instituted foi that puipo^c.
RlOil'D WYLLY,
§37 27j?s . Commissioner oj Loans.
No. 91.] United Stvtks Loan Office,
State or (Jroiun a, Jiuzust 19, 1791.
Be it known, that theie is due fiom the United States of
Ameuca unto Mr. Gcoige Wlutritekl, oftho State of South
Carolina, or his aligns, the sum ot ^'74 55}, beairnp intet-
est at mx per cent, per annum tiom the li-t day of Januaiv,
1791, inclusively, payable quaiter yeaily, and subject to
redemption by payments not rxeoodinjr m one year, on ac-
count both of principal and interest, the pioportion of <?i< lu
dollars upon a hundred of the stock bearing intete-t at mx
per cent., created by virtue of an act making piovision lor
the debt of the United States, p.i<sp,i o,i rite 4th dav of
August, 1790, which debt is recoided m tins office, and !•>
transferable only by appearance in person oi by attorney,
at the proper omce, according to tin. uik'-i and ionns insti-
tuted for that purpose. XllCiri) WYLLY,
$74 55J-. ComM^ioncr of Loans.
No. 104.J United State? Loan Offite,
State of Georgia, Jlu«ud 19, 1791.
Be it known, that tlrere is due from the United States of
America unto Mr. George Whitefield, of the State of South
Carolina,/>r his assigns, the sum ot $81 66, bearing interest
at three per ccnt. per annum, from the 1st day of January,
3791, inclusively, payable quarter yearly, and subject to re-
demption by the payment of said sum, whenever provision
shall be made therefor by law, which debt is recorded in
this office, and is transferable only by appearance m person,
or by attorney, at the proper office, according to the rules
and forms instituted for that purpose.
IllCH'D WYLLY,
$81 68. Commissioner of Loans.
Letters on file from the Registers of the Treas-
ury show that these several certificates constitute
valid claims against the United States in favor of
George Whitefield, or his legal representatives or
attorney.
It is alleged that Isaac Minis is now dead, and
that the petitioner is his widow; it might be
enough to place her claim upon the blank in-
dorsement appearing upon the certificates, by
analogy to the rules governing commercial paper.
But this is strengthened to such a degree by the
other facts in the case as to leave scarcely a doubt
that the certificates are just and in good faith the
property of the petitioner, although their form is
such that, by the rules of the Treasury Depart-
ment, the amounts due upon them cannot be paid
to her.
The bill-was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
ALONZO AND ELBRIDGE G. COLBY.
A bill (H. R. No. 486) for the relief of Alonzo
and Elbridge G. Colby.
The bill appropriates $2,502 11 to Alonzo Colby
and Eibridge G. Colby, of Buckport, in Maine,
that sum being the balance due them on their con-
tract with the United States, dated July 24,1855,
for constructing a breakwater at Owl's Head har-
bor, Penobscot river, Maine.
The report states that the justice of the claim
is fully established by letters transmitted from
the War De partment.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
LAND OFFICE CLERKS IN OREGON.
A bill (EI. R. No. 169) making an appropria-
tion for the payment of clerks employed in the
offices of the registers of the land offices at Oregon
City and Winchester, in the Territory of Oregon.
The bill appropriates $7,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, to enable the Secretary of
the Interior to reimburse the registers of the land
offices at Oregon City and Winchester, in the Ter-
i itory of Oregon, for expenses incurred by them
in the employment of clerks actually required for
the transaction of the business of their respective
offices, growing out of an act entitled 45 An act to
cieate the office of surveyor general of tho public
lands in Oregon, and to provide for the survey
and to make donations to sottleis of the said public
lands," approved September 27, 1850.
The report states that by the act of Congress
of 27th of September, 1850, " establishing the
office of surveyor general of the Territory of Ore-
gon, and for other purposes," donations of land
were offered to persons then residing in Oregon,
or who might emigrate thereto within a certain
period, being citizens of the United States, or
having filed their declarations to become citizens,
upon condition of occupying for four years and
making certain improvements, with one half of
the land to their wives, if they were married, and
survivorship to their children, in case of death.
Under this act the duties growing out of the
making entries of locations and proving up claims
were devolved on the surveyor general. By the
set of 17th of July, 1854, the preemption act of
September 4, 1841, was extended to the Territory
of Oregon. By the same act land offices were es-
tablished, and registers and receivers appointed in*
said Ten itory. This act devolved on these officers
the duties prescribed forsuch officers m other land
districts, including the duties before assigned to
the surveyor general, growing out of donation
claims. It fixed their compensation at f>2,500 each,
with office rent, and expressly prohibited their
receiving fees or any other emoluments.
In other land districts, registers and receivers
are compensated m pait by salary and in part by
commission on the amount of sales of public
lands, limited to a maximum of -*.3,000 per an-
num. They are also allowed fees for entries
made on bounty land warrants. Clerk hire is al-
lowed to some extent, and the commissions and
fees furnish a sum, perhaps, sufficient for such |
additional services of that kind as may be re-
quired. In the case of the land officers of Oregon,
there is no fund of either kind; and yet the cleri-
cal duties arising under the donation and preemp-
tion acts formed a very important branch of the
business of the officers from the time of their ap-
pointment. Since the year 1854, the term of oc-
cupation required by the donation act expired in
a vast number of cases, and it was every way de-
sirable and important to the United States, to the
Territory, and to the settlers, that they should be
able to make their proofs, obtain their certificates,
and otherwise perfect their titles. To accomplish
these objects without delay, and prevent the busi-
ness of the office from falling into arrears and drs-
order, clerical aid was absolutely indispensable.
The registers were therefore compelled to employ
clerical aid, relying upon the justice of Congress,
upon full view of the facts, to reimburse the ex-
pense thus incurred. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office estimates the sum required at
$6,405, but suggests, by way of precaution, that
the sum of $7,000 be appropriated.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
ISAAC BODY AND SAMUEL FLEMING.
A bill (EI. R. No. 490) for the relief of Isaac
Body and Samuel Fleming.
The bill allows Isaac Body to enter, at the land
office at Springfield, Illinois,at the minimum price,
at any time within one year after the date of this
act, the southeast quarter of section nineteen of
township twenty-six north, of range twelve west;
and that Samuel Fleming be allowed to enter,
at the same land office, and on the same terms
and conditions, the northwest quarter of section
twenty, township twenty-six north, range twelve
west; provided, however, that this act shall only
operate as a relinquishment of title on the part of
the United States.
The petitions and affidavits presented in this
case establish the following facts: Isaac Body and
Samuel Fleming, about the year 1842, settled,
each for himself, upon certain quarter sections of
laud in Illinois; that they have continued to re-
side, and have made considerable improvements,
thereon up to the present time; that the lands so
settled upon by them were selected by Illinois,
under the act of Congress approved September 4,
1841; but for some reason such selections were
not approved by the General Land Office, and
were rejected; that such rejection, although noti-
fied to the State, were not notified to the local land
office, and in consequence Body and Fleming have
been,and still are, unable to procure titles to their
farms, either from the United States or Illinois.
It appears that they have often applied, at both
tho United States and State land offices, to pay
thuir moneys and procure titles; but each dis-
claiming the right to sell them, have failed to at-
tain their object, and now ask Congress for relief.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
ROBERT H. MORRIS.
A bill (H. R. No. 491) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Robert H. Morris, late post-
master of the city of New York. [Objected to by
Mr. Jones, of lennessee.]
HENRY ORNDORF.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 24) for the relief
of tfenry Orndorf.
The resolution authorizes and instructs the
Postmaster General to revise and readjust the ac-
count of the Department with Henry Orndorf, for
mail service on route No. 9157, from Z\nesvilie
to Columbus, Ohio, and to allow lum full pay for
the service, the same as if his bid had been for
service six times a week, as required by the ad-
vertisement, instead of daily service.
From the repoi t it appears that George Man-
ville contracted to carry the United Stares mail
from Zanesville to Columbus, Ohio, (being route
No. 9157,) daily, from July 1, 1856, to June 30,
1860. The mail was carried six times a week,
and a deduction was made by the Department for
deficiency of service, the Department insisting
that the word daily, in the contract, required ser-
vice seven days each week. The contiactor, on
the othei hanu, alleged that Sunday service was
not wanted, and that his intention, when he made
his bid, was for service six times a week. The
Department did not allege that Sunday service
