370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
in the cases of Daniel Mandigo, Joseph B. Joyal,
and Jacob Jero; which were severally laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
INVALID PENSION BILLS.
Mr. CHAPFEE, from the Ccmmittee on In-
valid Pensions, reported bills for the relief respect-
ively of Mary Bainbridge, of Elizabeth E. V.
Field, of Catherine K. Russell, of Stephen Run-
nel], of John Richmond, of Charlotte Butler, and
of Joseph M. Plummer anil Mary R. Plummer,
minor children of Captain Sand. M. Plummer;
which were severally read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the reports, ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the same committee, re-
ported bills for the relief, respectively, of Samuel
Goodrich, jr., and of Henry Taylor; which were
severally read a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
reports, ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASE, from the same committee, reported
bills for the relief, respectively, of Mary Bennett,
of Nancy Serena, of Margaret Whitehead, and of
Sylvanus Burnham; which were severally read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the reports, ordered
to be printed.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Print-
ing:, reported the following resolutioh:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of tlie report of tho
Oommissionei ot" the General Land Office be printed for the
use of said office.
Mr. NICHOLS called for the previous ques-
tion. 1
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE (the call on committees for re-
ports having been gone through with) moved that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock) the House adjourned until to-mor-
row.    
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 22, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. C. Guanbery.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SOUND DUES TREATY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, inclosing
letters to the chairmen of the Committees of Ways
and Means and on Foreign Affairs, calling atten-
tion to the necessity of making appropriations for
paymentof interest 011 the sum to be paid to Den-
mark, as stipulated in article six of the convention
with Denmark for the discontinuance of the Sound
dues.
The communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed; and the accompanying
letters were respectively referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs ana the Committee of Ways
and Means.
KEPORT OF TOPOGRAPHICAL ENGINEERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
report of the corps of topographical engineers on
tho northern and northwestern lakes and rivers;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee 011 En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found truly enrolled, " An act to detach Selma,
in the State of Alabama, from the collection dis-
trict of New Orleans, and making it a port of
delivery within the collection district of Mobile;"'
when the Speaker signed the same.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
1« the call on the Committee of Claims for reports
of bills from the Court of Claims.
BATON ROUGE.
Mr. DAVIDSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of declaring Baton Rouge, on
the Mississippi river, a port of entry; and to report a hill
therefor if they consider the public interest subseived
thereby.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to introduce
two bills, which would have been introduced the
other day, under the order of the House, by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fenton,] whose
bills they are, if he had not been detained at home
by sickness.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not object, if it is under-
stood that the bills are introduced under the terms
of that order—not to be reconsidered.
Mr. GROW. I agree to that.
There being 110 objection,
Mr. GROW introduced a bill to provide for the
settlement of the claims of officers and soldiers of
the revolutionary army, and of the widows and
children of those who died in the service; which
was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. GROW also introduced a bill concerning
invalid pensions, and regulating the time of their
commencement; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
UTAH AFFAIRS.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to submit the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to the House
of Representatives the information which gave nse to the
imtitaiy expeditions ordered to Utah Territory, the instruc-
tions to tho Army officers leading such expeditions, and all
coriespondence which lias taken place with said Army offi-
cers, with Brigliam Yimn" and his followers, or with others
throwing light upon the question as to how far said ftrigham
Youns anil his followers are in a *tate of rebellion or resist-
ance to the Government of the United States.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
PRINTING APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means a bill supply-
ing deficiencies in the appropriations for paper,
printing, binding, and engraving, ordered by
the Senate and House of Representatives of the
Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses. I
perceive the bill and accompanying papers have
been printed, and my purpose in rising is to give
noticc to the House that early next week I shall
press its consideration in the Comnntteo of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union.
SAMUEL BROMBERG.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I ask that the
papers of Samuel Bromberg be withdrawn from
the files of the House, in order that they may be
sent to the Senate for submission to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, who now have the case
under consideration.
It was ordered that leave be granted for that
purpose.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BISHOP. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays. I want to get through our business and
leave here.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn over
| is not debatable.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A motion to ad-
■ journ is not debatable.
1 The SPEAKER. Neither is a motion to ad~
ijourn over debatable.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. All motions are
, debatable which are not excepted by the rules of
! the House.
j The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman fromTennes-
! see will perceive that if a motion to adjourn over
I is debatable the House could never adjourn,
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. They could ad-
] journ, but they could not adjourn over.
j The SPEAKER. They could not adjourn, be-
cause the rules give this motion precedence over
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish , simply, to
remark that if we adjourn over Fridays and Sat-
urdays, we crowd all the private bills into the last
few days of the session, plundering the country,
as has always been done.
Mr. BISHOP. That is the reason, I suppose,
why the gentleman from Tennessee voted last Fri-
day to adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Tennessee to the
48th rule;
" A motion to adjourn and amotion to fix the day to which
the House shall adjoin n, shall be always 111 older; tbe:e
motions, and the motion to lie ontiie table, shall be decided
without debate."
The question being on the demand for the yeas
and nays,
Mr. GIDDINGS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Gicdings and
John Cochrane were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty-seven, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 74, nays 123; as fol-
lows;
YEAS—Mossr*. Barksdale, Bishop, Boycc, Branch, Bur-
nett, Buiroushs, Ezia Clark, John B. Claik, Clay, Clmg-
man, John Cochrane, Covode, Cox, Jams5? Ciaig. Eimon
Craige, Ciawford, Davidson, Davis of Maivland, Davis of
Indiana, Dimmick, Edmundson, English, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Gillis, Goode, Goodwin, Lawrence W Hall, Uaskm,
Hatch,Hawkins, Hickman, Ihil, Hopkins, Ilughes,Ilujler,
Jackson. Jen kit)?, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkcl, Lamar,Leicher,
Maclay,MeKil.)lun, McQueen, Miles, Montsfomeiy, Mom ill,
Edward Joy Morns, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Kenyan,
Ritchie, Scott,Searing, Aaron Shaw, Shouer, Sickles, Sin-
gleton, Robert Smith, Stephens, Stevenson, Miles Taylor,
Thayer, Underwood, Elhhu B. Washhurne, Israel Wash-
burn, Whitelcy, Wilson, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augus-
tus R. Wught, and Zollicoffcr—74.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Anderson, Atkins,
Avciy, Bennett, Billmghuist, Bingham, Bliss, Boooek,
Brayton, Bryan, Outi'inton, Buthngame, Bums, Case, Chaf-
fee, Chapman, Clawson, Clemens, Cobb, Clark B. Coch-
rane, Cockerill, Colfax, Comins, Corning, Cragin, Cutry,
Curtis, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dowdell, Durf'ce, Edie,
Farn--worth, Foley, Foster, GartrcII. Giddmgs, Gooch.
Granger, Greenwood,Gregc, Grow, Hnrlan, Hoard, IJoiton,
Houston, Howard, Jewctt, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones, Kellog<r, Kclsey, Kilgore, Knapp,
Landy, Lawrence, Leach. Lcitei, Lovcjoy, Humphry
Mai&hall, Samuel S Marsha]!, Mai-on, Mnynatd, P/hller,
Milh-on, Mooie, Morgan, Isaac N. Morns, Freeman H.
Morbe, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Munay, iVtblack, Nichols,
Ohn, Palmer, Patker, Pendleton, Pottit, Peyton, Phelps,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, Heady, Reilly, Robbtns, Robert*, Royee,
Ituffirt, Russell, Sandidge, Sewaid, Henry M. Shaw, John
Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner, Stallworth, Stan-
ton, James A. Stewait, William Stewait,Talbot, Tappan,
George Taylor, Thompson,Tompkins, Tripp**, Wade, Wal-
bndge, Waldron, Walton, Warren, CadwaladerC. Wasb-
buine, Watkms, White, and John V. Wiight—123.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CHAPFEE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Dw.'es had been called home on account of sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, stated that
Mr. Scales had requested him to state to the
House that he was detained in his room by in-
disposition.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw my objection to
the introduction of the resolution of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Zolljcoffer.]
Mr. HARLAN. I renew the objection.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr.* MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to withdraw the
papers in the case of Henry King's heirs from the
files of the Court of Claims, for the purpose of
reference to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims in this House.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose there will he ap-
plications of this kind all around the House, thus
I consuming the whole day, and therefore I shall
I object to this, and all others.
| The SPEAKER announced that reports of pri-
| vate bills were in order from the committees of
; the House, commencing with the Committee of
Elections.
JOHN HOPPER.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of John Hopper; which was read a fust
and second, time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and the bill and report ordered to
be printed.
