THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, MAY 31, 1858.
New Series....No. 156.
was wanted on the route, but as the contract calls
for daily service, the Department had no alterna-
tive but to make the proportional deduction from
the pay. In May, 1857, George Manville trans-
ferred his contract to Henry Orndorf, to take ef-
fect from April 1, 1857. The Department con-
tinued to deduct $53 30 per quarter from the pay
for the failure of the Sunday trip, the whole pay
as per contract being $1,495 a year. Mr. Orn-
dorf remonstrated with the Department. He as-
serted that it was not the intention, when the bid
was made, to run more than six times a week,
and that the postmasters on the route would nei-
ther receive nor deliver the mail on Sunday. Mr.
Orndorf, failing to convince the Post Office De-
partment, applies to Congress. It appears from
the papers before the committee that the adver-
tisement issued by the Department was for mail
service upon route No. 9157, three times a week
and six times a week, and that the bidder used
the term daily, as per the advertisement of the De-
partment This shows, to the satisfaction of
your Committee, that the bidder supposed he was'
bidding for daily service during the business por-
tion of the week. To corroborate this view of
the case, there are among the papers the affidavits
of those conversant with the facts, that such was
the understanding of the bidder when his bid was
made out. It also appears from the papers in
the case that it had not been customary to have
Sunday service on the route, and that neither
the interests of the Department nor the public re-
quired it.
The resolution was laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation thatitdo pass.
JOHN DEARMIT.
A bill (H. R. No. 49?) for the relief of John
Dearmit.
The bill authorizes and directs the Postmaster
General to pay to John Dearmit §295, in addi-
tion to the amount already paid him by the Gov-
ernment under his contract for carrying the mail
upon the route No. 1601 from July 1,1844, for
four years.
The report states that the committee are satis-
fied the petitioner made the mistake in his peti-
tion alleged; that upon discovering his mistake,
and before he was notified by the Department of
the acceptance of his bid, he gave the Department
notice of Ins mistake, and requested to be dis-
charged from the peifurmance of his bid; that
this the Department declined for want of power
to do so; and under advice he entered into and
performed his contract for the time required, four
years. His bid was for the rate of $93 per year,
next lowest bid at the rate of $166 75. They
recommend allowing petitioner a difference be-
tween his bid and next lowest bid, being at the
rate of $73 75 per yean, and amounting for the
four years he carried the mail to $295.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
STUCKEY AND ROGERS.
A bill (H. R. No 493) for the relief of Stuckey
and Rogers.
The bill authorizes and directs the Postmaster
General to pay to Stuckey & Rogers, mail con-
tractors on the route No. 6078, from Winsboro'
to Pinckneyville, in South Carolina, at the rate
of §333 per annum, for the transportation of the
mails on said route; deducting therefrom what-
ever payments may have been made, at the rate
of $138 per annum, by the Post Office Depart-
ment.
It appears from the petition of Stuckey &
Rogers, and from the letter of the Postmaster
General, dated the 15th March, 1856, that these
parties intended to bid, and did bid, for carrying
the mail weekly on route No 6082, which runs
from Chester Court-house to Pinckneyville, South
Carolina, at the rate of §138 per annum, the dis-
tance being twenty-two miles. In filling up the
bid they incautiously inserted from Wmsboro' to
Pinckneyville. This mail route is known as No.
6078, and is seventy-two miles in length. The I
156
Department, it seems, presumed that Messrs.
Stuckey & Rogers meant to bid for route JNfo.
6078, because the bid specified from Winsboro',
although route No. 6082 was as distinctly speci-
fied. It appears that these parties have carried
the mail on route No. 6078, from Winsboro' to
Pinckneyville, seventy-two miles, for $138; and
it also appears that the actual lowest bid for said
route was at the late of $333 per annum; and,
although the contractors might be justly entitled
at the rate of $138 for twenty-two miles, which
would give them $451 64; yet, considering that
they had inadvertently inserted Winsboro' in-
stead of Chester Court-house, although the num-
oer of the route and the number of miles was cor-
rect, and considering that the lowest bid which
the Department received was at the rate of $333
per annum, the committee is of opinion that the
petitioners should be compensated at the rate of
$333 per annum, instead of $138 per annum, as
proposed by the Department.
WILLIAM DOTY AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 494) for the relief of William
Doty and others.
The bill appropriates #600 to defray the ex-
penses and indemnify William Doty and otheis,
citizens of Missouri, incurred in arresting and
bringing to trial Joseph Clark and T>akt:r,
charged with robbing the United States mail; and
directs that the sum be paid out, on the order of
the Postmaster General, to such persons as, in
his judgment, upon hearing all the proofs in the
case, shall be entitled to the same, and in such
proportion as he shall direct.
Tiie bill was laid aside; to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
KIMBALL AND MOORE, MOORE AND WALKER.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 25) authorizing
the Postmaster General to revise and adjust the
accounts of Kimball & Moore and Moore &
Walker.
Thejoint resolutiondireets the PostmasterGen-
eral to revise and adjust the fines and deductions
imposed upon Kimball & Moore and Moore &
Walker, late contractors on thirteen mail routes,
designated by the following numbers, to wit:
Routes Nos. 880U, 8801, 8813, 8814, 8815, 8827,
8871, 8872, 8907, 8909, 8910, and to settle the
same upon principles of justice and equity; pro-
vided that the fines and deductions shall not be
reduced below the pro rata pay of the contract.
From the evidence submitted, it appears that
the contractors were subjected to various fines for
failures in the performance of their duty. That
these failures were occasioned by causes entirely
beyond the control of the contractors, such as deep
snows, the washing away of bridges by freshets,
high water at creek crossings, and difficulties at
various ferries, but more particularly in conse-
quence of frequent failures on the part of raihoad
companies, from whom these contractors received
their mails, to deliver them in proper time.
The joint resolution was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
J. W. HILTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 495) for the relief of J. W.
Hilton. [Objected to by Mr. Davis, of Missis-
sippi ]
HEIRS OF HENRY KING.
A bill (H. 11. No. 496) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Henry King, deceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to tile legal representatives of Henry King
the sum of $1,817 36, it being for his services in
the third Maryland regiment, and in the commis-
sary department, during- the revolutionary war.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, PRINCETON.
A bill (I-I. R. No. 497) for the relief of the
Presbyterian Church, at Princeton, New Jersey.
I [Objected to by Mr. Gaenett.]
MAJOR JOHN RIPLEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 498) for the relief of the:heirs
of Major John Ripley. [Objected to by Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee.]
BENJAMIN WILSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 499) for the relief of the heirs
of Benjamin Wilson. [Objected to by Mr. Jokes,
of Tennessee.]
DR. BENJAMIN CHAPIN.
A bill (H. R. No. 500) for the relief of the heirs
of Dr. Benjamin Chapin. [Objected to by Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee.]
CAPTAIN DAVID NOBLE.
A bill (H. R. No. 501) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Captain David Noble, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
S. W. AND A. A. TURNER.
A bill (H. R. No. 502) for the relief of Samuel
W. and Alvin A. Turner.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $23,825, to
Samuel W. Turner, and Alvin A.Turner,in full
for their services in transporting the United States
mail on their steamers from Cleveland,Ohio,and
Detroit, Michigan, to Mackinaw, Sault Ste.
Marie, Marquette, Copper Harbor, Eagle Har-
bor, Eagle river, and Ontonagon, Michigan, and
La Pointe, Bayfield, and Superior City, in Wis-
consin.
It appears from the report that this claim is for
compensation for transportation of the United
States mails, m steamboats, between Cleveland,
Ohio, and Detroit, Michigan, and the several post
offices on Lake Huron and Lake Superior, during
the years from 1851 to 1857, both inclusive, from
Deiroit to Sault Ste. Marie, five hundred miles
and back, summer of 1851, twenty-seven trips;
from Detroit to Sault Ste. Marie, five hundred
milesand back, summer of 1852, twenty-five trips;
from Detroit to Sault Sfe. Marie, five hundred
miles and back, summer of 1853, twenty-nine
trips; from Detroit to Sault Ste. Marie, five hun-
dred miles and back, summer of 1854, twenty-six
trips; from Cleveland to Sault Ste. Marie, 1854,
nine trips; from Cleveland to La Pointe, eleven
hundred miles, 1855, thirty-four trips; from Cleve-
land to La Pointe, eleven hundred miles, 1856,
fifteen trips—making one hundred and sixty-five
trips, for which $125 per round trip is charged,
amounting to $20,265; and from Cleveland to Su-
perior City, about twelve hundred miles and back,
during the summer of 1857, sixteen trips, at $200
per trip, $3,200—making a total of $23,825. It
appears from a statement furnished by the Post
Office Department that prior to 1852 there was no
contract m existence for the service on Lake Su-
perior; but in June of that year the postmaster of
Sault Ste. Marie was authorized to engage steam-
boat service between his office and Ontonagon,
including the supply of intermediate offices, at
fifteen dollars per trip. Under this arrangement
the claimants appear to have received $1,410, and
for this special service no further charge is made,
and that item is not included in this claim. In
May, 1856, the claimants were offered fifty dol-
lars per trip to carry the mail between Cleveland
and Ontonagon three times a week. They claim
to have performed fifteen tiips during that season,
but have received no pay. They claim $125 per
trip, which the Department declines to admit. It
does not appear from the statement of the De-
partment that any portion of the service for which
compensation is now claimed has been paid for,
and the committee are entirely satisfied that such
payment has never been made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no ob-
jection. The bill will belaid aside, to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. WALBRIOGE. I have an amendment to
offer to that bill.
Several Members. The gentleman is too late.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairisof the opinion
