1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Arrest of William Walker—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
any right on the part of the Government of the
United States to try these men ? And in the next
place, if the power of the Government of the Uni-
ted States is exercised so that they are subjected
to a trial—whether that fact will not, in the end,
produce embarrassment in the future with respect
to our relations with foreign countries ?
Now, as to the first question whether there is a
right to try these persons ? If they had remained
within the limits of the United States it does not
of course admit of doubt that it would have been
proper to have proceeded against them, and to
nave subjected them to trial in the manner pro-
vided for by law. But it must be remembered
that they left the United States, and that they are
not now voluntarily within its limits; that they
have been brought by force, and by force em-
ployed by the United States itself, back, within
the territorial jurisdiction of the United States.
Now, sir, by the law of nations, the soil of Nic-
aragua, as well as that of every other independent
State, is sacred. Under that law, in every age,
it has been held and recognized as a principle es-
tablished by the universal judgment of mankind,
that any intrusion into the territory of one people
by the authority of another, no matter for what
purpose, was a violation of right. There can be
no rightful exercise of power on the part of the
United States, or any other Government, within
its limits, unless when engaged in actual war with
that country. After a declaration of war, it would
be perfectly competent for the military force of
the United States to enter into that teiritory, to
make captures, to bring away from her soil the
individuals captured, and subject them to what-
ever consequences might follow the acts which
they had previously committed. But in a state
of peace, any such seizure made upon that soil is
illegal, and any such capture followed up by those
captured being brought back to the territorial
jurisdiction of the United States, would no more
authorize the Government of the United States to
permit them to be tried, than if they had never
left the soil of Nicaragua.
Sir, the principle of the law of nations, that the
soil of a country is inviolate, that no other coun-
try has a right to enter into its territorial limits,
that any entrance into its territory, when in a
state of peaQe, is unlawful, and can produce no
legal result, extends so far that even when two bel-
ligerents are engaged in conflict, when a state of
war exists between them, so that the citizens of
the two countries, whenever they meet, may en-
gage in battle, anil those having a superiority of
forces may rightfully capture and make their own
the property of the others—i t is a settled principle
of international law that if the property of one of
the belligerents on the high seas, when exposed to
be captured by the enemy, succeeds in getting into
neutral waters, it is not subject to capture. It,
however, often happens that belligerents make
captures in violation of this principle. When that
is the case—though the general rule is, that the
courts of the belligerent making captures have ex-
clusive jurisdiction in cases of capture made by
its citizens—it is still admitted every where, when
a capture is made by a belligerent in the waters
of a neutral State, that the capture is null and void,
and that the courts of the neutralState have juris-
diction in all such cases, with fullauthorily to ad-
judicate them, and restore the property captured
to the rightful owners. Under that principle cap-
tured property has again and again been restored;
under that principle the courts of the United States,
or the Government of the United States, have
again and again restored property captured mtlie
waters of the United States, or by persons who
were within the jurisdiction of the United States.
But that principle can, from its very nature, only
be enforced by the action of the neutral Power.
Though it is right, though such capture within
neutral limits would of itself be a nullity in the
eye of reason, and in the eye of justice, it is never
so regarded unless the property falls under the ju-
risdiction of a neutral Power, because the courts
of a belligerent Power never act in opposition to
the political power of the Government, and they
never hesitate to condemn captured property sub-
jected to their jurisdiction, without regard to the
place where the captures were made. And it is
this circumstance, and this alone, which has led
to the practice among all civilized nations on the
part of the Governments whose citizens have been
wronged hy captures made within the limits of a
neutral territory, to enforce the claims of its cit-
izens to reparation for the wrong against the neu-
tral Power whose duty it was to protect her terri-
ritory, and all those within its limits, from hostile
aggression, because that Power was in a position
to assert a legal right against the offendingnation,
and by its failure to do so, necessarily became re-
sponsible to those who had suffered wrong with-
in their jurisdiction, for the value of the property
of which they had been illegally deprived.
But, Mr. Chairman, though it is, in point of fact,
true that the courts of belligerent Powers condemn
the property captured by their arms in neutral
waters, it does not follow that such condemnation
is rightful, unless it be upon the principle that
might makes right. Upon no other principle can
the practice be maintained. The great end of war
is mischief; and the controlling principle with bel-
ligerents is to do all the injury possible to each
other. When the state of war exists the belli-
gerents never listen to the voice ofjustice, because,
"amid the clang of arms the laws arc silent."
But, in a state of peace, there can be no justifica-
tion, no excuse, on the part of any country, for
disregarding the plain, palpable principle of inter-
national law. In my opinion, it will be wrongfor
the Government of the'United States to attempt to
enforce its laws with respect to these individuals,
when they have been brought within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States by compulsion. And
now, sir, I will take the liberty of referring to
some instances in our national history, for the
purpose of showing that the'principle upon which
I base this conclusion has been constantly recog-
nized by the Government of the United States in
all its actions with respect to foreign Powers.
In the early history of our Government, when
its executive functions were discharged by the
greatest, the wisest, and the best man the world
has ever seen—by him who, in language that is
embalmed in the hearts of all true Americans, was
" first in war, first in peace, and first in the hearts
of his countrymen"—I say, when the adminis-
tration of the executive functions of the Govern-
ment of the United States were discharged by that
man, the principle I now invoke was recognized
and acted on, not only with respect to property,
but with respect to the rights of persons. Who
is there who has American blood in his veins who
is not familiar with the history of Lafayette ?
Who is there that does not know that when he
escaped from Prance, during the troubles of her
Revolution, that he was seized by one of the Eu-
ropean despots and put m prison, because of his
connection with the revolutionary change which
had taken place in France; because of his conduct
on French soil, as a citizen, in those great events
which led to the overthrow of the French mon-
archy—which led to the dethronement and exe-
cution of Louis XIV. and Mane Antoinette, a
daughter of the Austrian Emperor. He was im-
prisoned for years in the castle of Olmutz, under
the authority of Austria. Washington remon-
strated with the Government of Austria. Ho
called upon her to release this man, who was then
incarcerated in one of her prisons; and it was on
the principle that lie was imprisoned for acts done
upon the soil of France, and beyond the jurisdic-
tion of the Austrian courts and the Austrian Em-
peror, and that Austria had, under the law of na-
tions, no rightful jurisdiction over him.
S.nd again, sir, it is but a short time since this
Government was engaged in a coirespondence
with that same Power with respect to the arrest
of Martin Koszta, formerly a Hungarian citizen.
If Koszta had gone voluntarily within the limits
of the Austrian empire, he would have been legit-
imately subjected to her authority. It is known
to us all that he had violated the laws of the A us-
trian empire, that he had committed a political
offense against her authority, and that if he had
been found within the limits of that empire he
would have been subject to its jurisdiction, and
doubtless would have been rightfully punishable
with death. But he had escaped from her terri-
tories, and was, at the time he was arrested, upon
Turkish soil. The Austrian officials assumed the
right to seize him within the jurisdiction of the
Ottoman empire, and to employ force for the pur-
pose of carrying him back to the jurisdiction from
which he had escaped, for the purpose of subject-
ing him to punishment. We all remember, for I
believe that there is not an American citizen
whose bosom has not swelled with pride at the
recollection of the fact that one of our own citi-
zens, a commander of one of our own national
vessels, who was then in the port where the
wrongful seizure was made, did not hesitate to
make use of force for the purpose of rescuing that
man from th^grasp of Austria. He took him and
brought him to the United States. An official cor-
respondence was the result between the Austrian
Government and the Government of the United
States; and the Government of the United States
justified the act of its officer; and, in my judg-
ment, properly justified it, because the act of the
Austrian official in assuming to arrest under Aus-
trian laws a criminal in aforeign jurisdiction, for
the purpose of carrying him back by compulsion,
and subjecting him to punishment, was in viola-
tion of the principles of international law, and a
violation of the first principles of common jus-
tice.
But, sir, these are not the only instances. There
has been still another instance identical in char-
acter with the one which I am now commenting
on. It is one not generally known, because the
facts connected with it were not of a character to
excite great public attention, but which I happen
to be familiar with, because the seizure was made
within the limits of a city in which I was then a
r-esident. It is but some eight years ago since a
subject of the dueen of Spain, engaged in some
enterprise within the Island of Cuba by whichhe
violated the laws of that island and subjected him-
self to punishment—I believe to the punishment
of death—and escaped from that island and took
refuge in the United States. He was found in the
city of New Orleans, and the Captain-General of
the Island of Cuba, acting through the consul of
Spain at the port of New Orleans, employed men
who, by force, captured this man, placed him on
board of a vessel, and carried him to Cuba with
the design of subjecting him to the penalty which
he had incurred by his violation of the laws of
the island: and what was the result? Did our
Government assume that he could be rightfully
tried, stranger though he was ? No, sir. Armed
ships of the United States were dispatched to
Cuba, and this man, thus unjustifiably, wrong-
fully seized upon our own soil, and carried by
compulsion into the jurisdiction within whose
limits he had violated the law, was required to be
delivered up. And he was delivered up.
Now, sir, shall we permit, shall we insist on
the trial of these men, and subject them to the
penalty imposed by our laws for offenses which
they have committed against them, when they,
too, have been wrongfully seized upon a foreign
soil, and brought by compulsion within our juris-
diction ?
Mr. LEITER. Who has the right to complain
but the party aggrieved? In the case of Ray, wc
were the party aggrieved. Why? Because he
was seized upon American soil. Should not com-
plaint in this case, then, be made by Nicaragua?
and have we had any complaint from that Gov-
ernment?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. That would be
perfectly true so far as it relates to the matter of
power; but in answer to the observation of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Leitek,] I would say
that if Koszta had not made a declaration of his
intention to become an American citizen, we
would have had no authority to interfere. We
could not have rescued him from the gripe of the
Austrian ofticials. Bat while that was true, and
while he would have been subject to capture and
to punishment, still his capture would not have
been less unlawful, nor would the punishment in-
flicted on him have been any the less in violation
of the principles of international law, or the public
faith, or of private right.
It is true there is a distinction between power
and right. The seizuie of Koszta on Turkish soil
was wrongful. If he had never formed any rela-
tions with another Government there would have
been none to have vindicated his right; but would
not the right have existed just as well under the
laws of nature and the laws of nations, though
there had been none to vindicate it? According
to my notions, it would. I do not pretend.to say
