1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
some opposition, I have not been aware that it
was serious at any time. The Committee of
Ways and Means, in the discretion whioh they
believed was intrusted to them, and in continu-
ance of the, former action of Congress, recom-
mend that this appropriation should be made. I
believe that these gentlemen are justly entitled to
it; and if this were the only objection in. gentle-
men's minds to this hill, I am astonished to hear
them say that they will vote against it.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. LETCHER. Perhaps the gentleman does
not understand that, when the committee rises,
all further debate on this bill is at an end, and the
gentleman getting the floor will not entitle him to
it in the morning.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that, by unani-
mous consent, this debate can be extended through
to-morrow. I am aware that the committee has
no power to control an order of the House; but
I suppose, by universal consent, we can, in the
House, agree to extend the time of this debate.
There are several gentlemen who wish to say
something on this subject, and I do not know but
what I would say something myself.
Mr. RITCHIE. This can be done in the House.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the understand-
he CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
stated that, unless the House shall give its consent
to an extension of the time for this debate, he
will hold, when the committee resume its session,
that debate on this bill has terminated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will it be in order
for the committee to direct the Chairman, on the
rising of the committee, to recommend to the
House that the time for this debate shall be ex-
tended until four o'clock to-morrow afternoon?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will take it
upon himself, on the rising of the committee, to
state to the House what has occurred on the sub-
ject.
Mr. LETCHER. If the debate is to run on
until to-morrow at four o'clock, when are we to
act on the bill ? It is a matter of importance that
this bill should be passed as soon as possible.
Mr. GARNETT. Does my colleague consider
it unreasonable to give one day for the debate on
a bill which appropriates $10,000,000 more than
the law authorizes to be expended?
Mr. LETCHER. If I am allowed to reply 
Mr. RITCHIE. I have moved that the com-
mittee rise. This matter can be fixed in the
House.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to further debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks which have
been made since then have been by unanimous
consent. As the gentleman from New York ob-
jects, they must now terminate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose;and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the deficiency bill, and had come to
no resolution thereon; he also stated, that when
it was proposed before the rising of the commit-
tee to extend the debate on that bill, there was no
objection, but the Chair intimated that it was not
within the power of the committee to change an
order of the House.
The SPEAKER, in receiving the report of the
chairman of the committee said: The Chair can-
not receive as a report, the latter portion of the
chairman's remarks, though the Chair will feel
himself called upon to propound the question to
the House, in pursuance of the recommendation
of the committee, whether or not unanimous con-
sent will be given to extend the general debate
upon House bill No. 30G, until to-morrow even-
ing.
Mr. FLORENCE.
Mr. CAMPBELL.
privilege.
The SPEAKER.
I object.
I rise to a question of
The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects to the extension of time.
Mr. FLORENCE. For a very good reason.
[Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as duly enrolled, a resolution, au-
thorizing William N. Jefiers to accept a sword
of honor from her Majesty the Glueen of Spain;
when the Speaker signed the same.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope not. I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers
on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Waldron
and Cox were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 45.
So the motion to adjourn over was agreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE moved that the House adjourn.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the bill of the
House for raising additional regiments, with
amendments; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
Mr. WARD. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion for a moment
Mr. Q.U1TMAN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion, to enable me to move to take
up the Senate amendments to the Army bill which
has just come from the Senate. I should like
very much to have the action of the House upon
it to-day. It will take but a few moments, I think,
to dispose of it.
Mr. RITCHIE. For what purpose does the
gentleman want to take up that bill ?
Mr. Q.UITMAN. My object is to have the
House concur in the amendments with one ex-
ception.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. 1 move to reconsider the vote by which the
House determined to adjourn over.
Mr. RITCHIE. I will yield to the gentleman
from Mississippi, to take up that bill for reference
only.
Mr. STANTON. 1 will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have considered that bill. They have
had the amendments before them, informally, and
have agreed to what ought to be done.
Mr. WARD. I rise to a question of privilege.
Mr. RITCHIE. I insist upon my motion.
Mr. WARD. 1 rise to a question of privilege.
I desire to occupy a few moments in a matter per-
sonal to myself
The SPEAKER. There can be no higher
question of privilege than a motion to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to adjourn over.
Mr. RITCHIE. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from me for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WARD. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his motion. I do not desire to occupy but
a moment. It is a matter personal to myself. I
desire to make a personal explanation.
Mr. RITCHIE. 1 insist upon having my mo-
tion put to the House.
Mr. WARD. I desire to occupy one moment.
The SPEAKER. When gentlemen come to
order the Chair will put the question to the
House whether they will adjourn, but the Chair
will not put it until order is restored.
Mr. WARD. I hope it will be voted down
until I can make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GARNETT. I call the yeas and nays upon
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. KEITT. I ask my friend from Pennsyl-
vania to withdraw his motion, and allow the gen-
tleman from New York to make his explanation.
I do not know what it is about, but it is a courtesy
often extended.
Mr. RITCHIE. I insist upon my motion being
put.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The privilege of making
a personal explanation was refused to me some
time ago, and I thought it cruel and oppressive;
but, nevertheless, I hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will yteld to the gentleman from New
York for a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania refuses to yield.
The question recurring on the motion to ad-
journ,
Mr. KEITT called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were refused,
The yeas and nays were refused.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to.
TheHouse accordingly (at fifteen minutes past
four o'clock) adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlpril 5, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. H. N. Sipes.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announcing
that the Speaker had signed an enrolled joint res-
olution (S. No. 24) authorizing Lieutenant Wil-
liam N. Jeffers to accept a sword of honor from
her Majesty the Glueen of Spain; and a bill (S.
No. 176) to acquire certain lands needed for the
Washington aqueduct, in the District of Columbia;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying for the enactment of a gen-
eral relief law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of the city of New York, remon-
strating against the repeal of the law establishing
the Light-House Board;which wasreferred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of New York, in favor of the enactment of a law
to provide for the final settlement and payment of
the half pay for life which was promised by the
Continental Congress to the officers of the revo-
lutionary army; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of Ionia county, Michigan, praying for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Pewamo to Port-
land, and a mail route from Pewamo to Mather-
ton; which wasreferred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the memorial of Giles G.
Isham, praying for a grant of land in the proposed
Territory of Arizona, for the purpose of estab-
lishing a colony of industrious farmers, mechan-
ics, and artisans; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Michigan, praying for the improvement of the
harbors of Mackinaw city, and the erection of a
fort, a light-house, and a custom-house, at that
point; which were referred to the Committee oil
Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of Henry
King, Frederick W. De Kantzow, and Robert
McCabe,praying a patent for manufacturing R us-
sia sheet-iron; which wasreferred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Iowa,
praying for the enactmentof a general relief law;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New Jersey, ia favor of restoring
to that State the ports of Camcfen and Jersey City,
and of makingthem,if necessary, ports of entry;
also, of establishing ports of entry at Tom's
River and Atlantic City, and a modification of the
laws regulating the coasting trade; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of New Jersey, in favor of appropriations
for the better preservation of life and property in
case of shipwreck, and forthe more effective work-
ing of the Government apparatus on the coast of
New Jersey; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of New Jersey, in favor of a donation of pub-
lic lands to that State, in common with the other
