'420
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Bounty hand to Privateersmen—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
that we have not the power to punish; I do not
mean to say that this would be a legal defense in
a court of justice; but I.do say that it is a reason
which should operate on the political department
of the Government, and prevent any enforcement
of the law under such circumstances.
Mr. LEITBR. Then I understand the gentle-
man to put himself on the great moral right, and
not on legal right.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Of course; upon
a right which addresses itself to the political de-
partment of the Government, and not to its courts.
! do not mean to say that that would constitute a
sufficient defense in a court of justice. I will ex-
press no opinion on that point. But this I will
say, it is a matter of such a character that it ap-
peals to the political power, and that the political
power should be put in action by that considera-
tion, and arrest the trial.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will proceed to present
what I consider will be likely to be the conse-
quences of an opposite course, of permitting this
trial to go on. If we exercise the power we pos-
sess, and subject these men to trial, and, if found
guilty, to punishment; we place ourselves in a po-
sition which will lead to grave embarrassments in
the future. It is only necessary for one to look
abroad,and see the present position of the world,
to understand the importance, at this time, of pie-
serving inviolate the great principle that, under
the law of nations, the soil of every country is to
be considered sacred. A person guilty of any of-
fense, whether against the moral or political laws
of a country, if he escapes to another country, has
always been considered as having found an asy-
lum; and there never has been, nor is there now,
any right acknowledged on the part of any country,
from whose jurisdiction the fugitive has escaped,
l o reclaim him from the Power within whose limits
he has taken refuge, unless that right was con-
ceded by a special compact—unless given by a
treaty for the extradition of criminals, which was
in force at the time of the commission of the of-
fense.
We stand, with respect to the other nations of
the earth, in a peculiar position. This is a great
Repubiic. A large proportion of those Powers
with which we have relations have systems of
Government based on principles different from
those on which ours is bused. We have refused
to make extradition treaties with other countries,
except with regard to particular classes of offenses.
We nave never entered into general treaties of
that character. It has been our aim to make our
country an asylum for the oppressed of other na-
tions; and it is our wish, as it is our duty, to pre-
serve American soil sacred from the intrusion of
foreign Powers in pursuit of political offenders.
Wow, sir, what is the spectacle presumed at
this day? We see the greatest military Powei of
the earth asserting rights unknown to the law of
nations; claiming to inllurnce the action of neigh-
boting States, so that they shall violate the great
principles of national law, and refuse the right of
asylum to those who flee from her jurisdiction to
escape the pressure of tyranny. Do we not know
that France has exerted her power over the Swiss
Cantons? Do we not know that she has exerted
her power over the kingdom of Sardinia > Do we
not know that she has exerted her power, and with
■success, ovei that country, kindled to ours, which
has hitherto been the secuie asylum of the op-
pressed who fled from other States ? Why, sir,
looking back upon the history of the past, is it not
known to all that the right of asylum was never
questioned among civilized States? Do we not
know that when military expeditions were headed
by persons who had taken lefuge in France, for the
purpose of overthrowing the Knglish Government,
expelling the then reigning monarch, and placing
in his stead one who had become a refugee, no such
right was ever claimed or asserted by England?
When those who invaded England, for the pur-
pose of reestablishing the family of the Stuarts,
escaped into France, they were safe; they found
a secure asylum. And has not England also been,
at all times, a secure asylum for those fleeing from
France.? Yes, sir; but how long will she continue to
be so? Would she have been so to-day but for the
resolution and firmness of the English people ? Do
wc not know that now, within the last few months,
the English Government had descended from its
former high position on that question, and taken
a different attitude? It is known to all that Eng-
land—that mighty Power upon whose possessions
" the sun never sets;" " the tap of whose morn-
ing drum, keeping company with the hours, cir-
cles the globe;" England, who has made it her
boast that she was mistress of the seas; England,
the jailor ofthe first Napoleon—that she, even she,
has yielded to the pressure of that Power, and
consented, through her rulers, to become the po-
lice officer, the bailiff of the. third Napoleon.
Now, sir, to my mind, if we pursue the course
that has been begun; if we subject these men to
the jurisdiction of our courts, and attempt to visit
them with punishment, under the circumstances
that have transpired, when the fact is known that
they were seized on a foreign soil, and brought
by compulsion within our limits, I say we break
down the principle which has been heretofore con-
sidered as sacred. We establish a precedent
which will be imitated by every European despot,
and we may expect to have incursions'of that
character made into our own country, and seizures
of that kind made upon our own soil of political
refugees; and if such circumstances should occur,
such seizures should be made, with what face
could we take the attitude which we took when
the right of asylum was violated in the person of
Ruy? Would not our mouths be stopped with
the declaration: " But you cannot complain; you
have set the example ?
Mr. Chairman, I can see in the future unnum-
bered evils growing out of persistence in this
course; and, for one, I shall myself protest, as I
nowdo protest, agaiftst such a trial as withoutany
shadow of right, and as wrong in morals, wrong
ill law, and dangerous in policy.
I shall, therefore, at the earliest opportunity,
when it is in order to move to suspend the rules,
again seek the opportunity of presenting the same
resolution.
BOUNTY LAND TO PRIVATEERSMEN.
REMARKS OF HON. T. DAVIS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
Mny 25, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state ofthe Union—
Mr. DAVIS said:
Mi*. Chairman: It was my privilege to intro-
duce in the last Congress a bill which proposed
to amend the bounty land act, so as to include
in its provisions men engaged on board private
armed vessels regularly commissioned by the Uni-
ted States. It will be remembeiod that the bill
passed the House by a dccided vote. I regret to
say that upon its reaching the Senate it was al-
lowed to die with the mass of unfinished business
without a word being uttered in its favor. I know
that this result was not consequent upon a feeling
of hostility to the objects of the bill; nor do I re-
gard it as indicative of indifference t,o the princi-
ples involved in its passage. I have again intro-
duced the bill for the benefit of privateersmen,
and 1 intend to follow,it, actuated by no other
motive than that which beginsand ends in a sense
of duty to a patriotic and praiseworthy class of
citizens. As 1 have no arguments against the bill
to combat, I shall have no occasion to speak at
length upon the question now. *
I endeavored, in a very plain manner, to pre-
sent my views m reference to the subject in the
last Congress. I attempted to show that the Uni-
ted States Government had encouraged puvateer-
ing,andin all respects directed its affairs; that the
Government was a participant m the profits of the
business, and largely indebted to the system for
the success which attended and resulted from the
late war with England. I thought then, as I think
now, that we have no feliahie mode of assault and
defense that is commensurate with the extent and
importance of our maritime interests. I recognize
no system of warfare that is so consistent with
our ideas of popular government as that which
grows out of the private-armed service; and my
experience here has convinced me that we shall
never be able to subordinate that system to any ex-
tensive organization of the national marine force.
Even in time of profound peace we are unable or
unwilling to support a Navy sufficiently.powerful
to secure respect, m some instances, for the flag;
and I despair of seeing the regular Navy assume
the importance which the commerce ofthe coun-
try and the rights of American citizens abroad
would seem at all times .to demand. In the China
seas, and at this moment, in the Gulf of Mexico,
there is need of naval force. It seems to me, sir,
that it would be extremely disastrous for us to
occupy ground of hostility to the private-armed
service. We have, I believe, between seventy and
eighty ships of all classes, not more than fifty of
which are seaworthy.
Here is a tabular statement of the comparative
strength of the navies of the United States and
Great Britain:
United States Navy. *"<^1
Sailing vessels 46
Steamers   19
Steam tenders  3
Storeships       5
Total 73
Number
of suns.
1,925
302
16
2,243
British Navy.
Number Number
of vessels, of guns.
Sailing vessels  203 9,004
Screw feteanieis 293 7,009
Steam gun-boats   181 161
Vessels lor port service 110 110
Total  849
18,284
How utterly insignificant is our force, when
placed beside a fleet of more than eight hundred
national ships in the service of Great Britain, in-
cluding her fleet of war steamers. Our immense
commercial marine would suffer in a war with any
important maritime power, and without priva-
teers we should be driven from the face of the
ocean. I have, sir, great faith in the privateers-
men, and hold that to signify that we will encour-
age and support them in all legal adventure in time
of war, is to take a step towards the continuance
of peace. Those men peiformed deeds of valor in
the late war with Great Britain, that we are all
proud of. For this service they have received
nothing from the Government, while the seamen
m the regular naval service have icceived, not
only pnze-moncy equal to the privateersmen, per-
haps, but monthly wages and pensions, and, last-
ly, bounty land.
The fact should be borne in mind that during
the whole time of the last war with England, the
United States Government received double du-
ties on prize goods brought in by the privateers-
men, which aided the Treasury materially, to say
nothing about the heavy receipts in the shape of
charges. There are but few privateersmen of that
war left to enjoy our bounty, oy the honor that it
may be within our power to bestow, if Congress
should please to confer one or both of them; and
up to this day it is certain that the few are living
without the honorable recognition of the Govern-
ment which profited so largely by their gallantry.
It is easy to call them freebooters, but it is unjust
as well. It is easy to say that they grew rich
out of their plunder, but impossible to prove it by
facts and figures. A few owners may have been
successful, but the seamen had no opportunity to
get rich in the private-armed service, and the fact
should be understood. After allowing double du-
ties, United States marshals' fees, agents'charges,
and others, then the owners claimed one half of
what remained, then the captain had ten shares,
and the subordinate officers a few shares less, and
the seamen one share of one half of what the Gov-
ernment left for the division. This, m almost all
cases, was a miserable pittance, indeed; and if
the Government had placed more national ships
in commission, possibly the privateersmen would
have preferred the service to the private-armed
service. It is convenient to save the public land,
some of us believe; but it is far from being eco-
nomical to do so at the cost of ignoring the ser-
vices of men who have periled everything to ob-
tain and hold it.
0 In the report which accompanied the bill for
the relief of privateersmen, some general facts are
set forth to which I would invite the attention of
the members of this House. I shall call the at-
tention of gentlemen to the subject at an early
day by asking the House to pass the hill under
