2484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
sylvania, on the invalid pension roll at the rate
of ei<>-ht dollars per month, and pay him at that
rate from the 29th of May, 1856, during his nat-
ural life.
It appears, from the report, that Bean was a
private in the company of Captain Moses Canan,
of the Pennsylvania militia, during the war of
1812; that in November, 1812, he was attacked
with fever, gravel, and rheumatism, in conse-
quence of which he was discharged on a surgeon's
certificate as being unfit for duty. _ The original
certificate of the surgeon is filed with the papers.
Captain Moses Canan, under whom he served,
swears to his service and disease contracted while
in service. I. P. Cummins and James Carring-
ton, who are certified to be respectable surgeons
of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, swear
to his disability, and belief that he is totally dis-
abled.
No objection being made the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
MICHAEL A. DAVENPORT.
A bill (H, R. No. 51G) for the relief of Mi-
chael A. Davenport, of Illinois.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Michael A. Davenport, of Illinois,
on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, and pay him a pension, at that
rate, from the 5th of March, 1858, during his
natural life.
It appears from the report that the petitioner
was a private m the company of Captain_William
Daugherty, in the second regiment of Kentucky
infantry, in the war with Mexico; that he was
wounded in the shoulder during the engagement
at Buena Vista, on the 23d February, 1847. Cap-
tain William Daugherty, under whom he served,
makes affidavit to the l.icts set forth m the peti-
tion. H. P. Sanders and T. Welch, who ate cer-
tified to be credible and reputable surgeons, make
affidavit to his present condition, and the nature
of his wound. Hon. A. Shaw, a member of the
House from the seventh congressional district of
Illinois, furnishes a statement that he is person-
ally acquainted with the applicant, and knows
that he is a cripple for life, and wholly un.tble to
obtain a living by manual labor.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
WILLIAM ALLEN.
An act (R. No. 117) for the lehef of William
Allen, of Portland, in the State of Maine.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
cause the name of William Allen to be placed on
the pension list, at the rate of six dollars pei
month, from and after the passage of the act, the
pension to continue during his life, and to be in
lieu of the pension to which ho is now by law
entitled.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House. •
MARY C. HAMILTON.
A bill (IT. R. No. 518) to continue the pension
heretofore paid to Mary C. Hamilton, widow of
Captain Fowler Hamilton, late of the United
States Army.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
continue the name of Mrs. Mary C. Hamilton on
the pension rolls, at the same rate of pension al-
lowed her under the art passed for her benefit and
approved March I, 1854, payment to commence
from and after the expiration of the act, and to
continue for five years from the date of the pas-
sage of the act.
The report of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions was read. Captain Hamilton, it appears
from the rolls, w,is appointed a second lieutenant
of dragoons on the 1st of July, 1840; promoted
first lieutenant August 31,3813: appointed major
in the tenth infantry April !), 1847; and promoted
•to lieutenant colonel in the sixteenth infantry Alay
23,1848. On the dmbandmeot of this regiment at
the close of the Mexican war, he was reappointed
in his former position of first lieutenant second
dragoons, August 5, 1848, under fourth section
of act of July 19, 1848; promoted captain of sec-
ond dragoons July 25, 1850, and died August th
1851, on the El Paso road, while in discharge of
the duties of the service. It appears that he served
with distinction in the Florida war, and through-
out the Mexican war. Duiing the latlei wai he
rose by rapid promotion to the rank of lieutenant
colonel. Such was the admiration and respect
for his gallant services in that war, that the Le-
gislature of New Jersey, (his native State,) Feb-
ruary 8, 1840, presented him a sword, inscribed
<( For gallant conduct displayed in the battles of
Palto Alto, Resaca de la Palma, and Monterey,
at Vera Cruz, and the Bridge ot Madeline."
During his service in the Mexican war his leg
was broken by the kick of a horse, the wound
from which never having healed entirely, coope-
rating with chronic diarrhea, there also con-
tracted, greatly debilitated his strength and un-
dermined his constitution.
In August, 1851,on the frontier of Texas, while
in pursuit of a band of marauding Indians, he
died suddenly of exhaustion, produced by the ex-
posure and hardship of the expedition, operating
on a constitution already enfeebled from the hard-
ships and injuries of previous service. He died,
as testified "bv Major Merrill, his commanding
officer, under whose orders he was acting, " in
the field, and in the discharge of his duty, and I
am satisfied (Major Merrill says) that the expe-
dition was the direct cause of his death." The
deceased has left a widow ant1 child in indigent
circumstances, and the committee think that they
should be indemnified for the irreparable loss ot
the husband and father, whose life was sacrificed
in the service of the country, and in the line and
discharge of duty.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
WILLIAM BULLOCK.
A bill (I-I. Pi. No. 520) for the relief of William
P,uiiock.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of William Bullock upon the roll
of invalid pensions, and that said Bullock be paid
a pension at the rate of six dollars a month from
tlie 1st day of January, 1854.
The Committee on Invalid Pensions report that
there is good and sufficient evidi nee of said Bul-
lock having rendered seivice in the war of 1812;
that he received severe injuries while in the line
of his duty, which now unlit him for labor.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
ANTHONY WALTER BAYARD.
A bill (II. R. No. 521) increasing the pension
of Anthony Walter Rayard, of Bellefonte, in the
State of Pennsylvania.
The bill provides that the pension now received
by Anthony Walter Bayard, of Bellefonte, in the
Slate of Pennsylvania, be incieased to twenty dol-
lars per month, and that the pension be paid him
from the 1st day of January, 1852, deducting the
amount of the pension he has already received
since that date; and that hereafter his pension
shall be twenty dollars per month during his life,
instead of eight dollars per month, which he now
receives.
It appears, from the report, that the petitioner
was a private in the war of 1812, and served in
the wars with the Indians in the Northwest, and
that he was severely wounded upon three occa-
sions, by which he ts wholly disabled, and for
which ho was placed on the pension roll, in 1844,
at the rate of eight dollars pei month. lie is now
poor, very helpless, and decrepit. He was a very
, daring and valuable soldier. At the siege of Port
Harrison the Indians succeeded in setting fire to
one of the block-houses, which communicated to
the roof of the soldiers' barracks. The command-
ing officer called for volunteers to go upon the
roof, m point-blank shot of the enemy's rifles,
and extinguish the fire. The petitioner and an-
other soldier volunteered, and mounted the burn-
ing roof. His companion was instantly shot dead,
and the petitioner badly wounded. He succeeded
in extinguishing the fire. This service was, at
the time, regarded by the officers as most hazard-
.. oils, and of great value to the American forces.
I The petitioner claims that his disability is total,
;! rendering him dependent; that it results from
jj wounds received whilst rendering most gallant,
!l hazardous, and valuable services; and that, in such
j< a case, a pension of eight dollars per month is not
;| sufficient.
|, Mr. QUITMAN moved to amend the bill by
j1 striking out " twenty dollars "and inserting "ten
II dollais."
! The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House. *
WRIGHT FORE.
A bill (H. R. No. 522) for the relief of Wright
Fore.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Wright Fore on the invalid pen-
sion roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence on the 9th of November, 1852, and
to continue during his natural life.
It appears that the petitioner enlisted as a pri-
vate in the mounted company of Captain David
Smith, in Colonel Coffee's brigade of Tennessee
troops, in October, 1813. That in the battle of
Talladega, on the 9th of November, 1813, he was
wounded in the left shoulder by a rifle ball fired
from the camp of the enemy, which so disabled
him as to render him unfit for duty; he was con-
sidered dangerously wounded, and left at Fort
Strother; was carried from there to the hospital
at Huntsville, Alabama, where he remained until
February following, when he was sent for by his
friends and taken home.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
WYATT GRIFFITH.
A bill (H. R. No. 523) for the relief of Wyatt
Griffith.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Wyatt Griffith, of Tennessee,
on the invalid pension roll, at the rate ol eight
dollars per month, from the 20th of June, 1854,
and pay him at that rate during the term of his
natural life.
It appears, from the report, that Wyatt Griffith
enlisted as a private soldier at Ashe Court-House,
North Carolina,under Lieutenant Wiley Gordon,
on the 8th of September, 1814, and served m
Captain Brannon's, afterwards Captain Parker's,
company, Colonel Hamilton's third rifle regiment,
North Carolina infantry, for and during the war
with Great Britain; and for this service bounty
laud warrantNo.8,291,fororie hundred and sixty
acres, issued to him on 21st January, 1817. While
| matching from North Carolina towards the Can-
i ada frontier, about the 1st of December, 1814,
i and when near Halifax Court-House, from fa-
tigue and exposure he took cold, which settled
into rheumatism, and disabled him from service
most of the time until his discharge, and has con-
tinued ever since. The disability consists of a
collection and hardening of humorsin the right hip
joint, which has dislocated thejoint.and rendered
him incurably lame and totally disabled for life.
The bill was hud aside to be reported to the
House.
FRANCIS CARVER.
A bill (H. R. No. 524} for the relief of Francis
Carver.
. The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Fiancis Carver on the invalid
pension roll at the rate of eight dollars per month,
and to pay him at that rate from the 18th of De-
cember, 1857, and continue duringlns naturallifn.
It appears from the report that Francis Carver
has been, for a period of seventeen years, a sol-
dier in the Army of the United States, having
served through the war with Mexico. After that
war he was ordered to the frontiers of Texas,
where, for eight or nine months he was in active
service, exposed to the damps and cold of winter,
without tent or covering. During that service he
contracted the disease with which he now sutlers.
The certificate of J. A. Thompson, acting surgeon
of the military asylum at Harrodsburg, Ken-
tucky, states that the petitioner is laboring under
adisease called St. Vitus's dance; thathe is wholly
disabled, &c.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
ROBIXSON GAMMON.
A bill (H. R. No. 525) for the relief of Robin-
son Gammon.
. The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
I place the name of Robinson Gammon, of Rox-
I bury, in the county of Oxford, Maine, upon the
! roll of invalid pensions, at the rate of eight uol-
| Iars per month, from the 3d of December, IfeSo,
; uuriijo his life.
I It appears that from the report of the Commit-
i tee on Invalid Pensions that Gammon, on or about
! the 10th of September 1814, was called out on an
