374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Prom Lewis and Clark's Pass, as well as from
Cadotte's Pass, the route westward is down the
valley of the Blackfoot river, to Hell Gate, in the
Valley of the Bitter Root river; and the route west-
ward from Mullen's Pass is down the valley of
the Little Blackfoot and Hell Gate river, also to
Hell Gate, which is in latitude 47°, and longitude
114°; thence down the valley of the Bitter Root
to the mouth of the Regis Borgia creek, and up
this creek, westward, through the pass in the
Cceur d'Alene mountains; thence in a southwest-
erly direction, through the great basin of the Co-
lumbia, between Clark's forks and Snake river,
over an open prairie country, to Fort Wallah-
Wallah. From this point there are t ro routes
to Seattle, on Puget Sound—one, by way of the
Columbia river, to Fort Vancouver, and then
north, on the west side of the Cascade range of
mountains; the other in a northwest direction,
known as the Yakima route. Governor Stevens
favors this latter route; saying it will shorten the
distance eighty-four miles, and cost §5,000,000
less than the Columbia valley route, and is prac-
ticable.
There are no grades west of the divide exceed-
ing fifty feet per mile. Perhaps a few short tun-
nels through bluff points projecting to the rivers,
similar to those on the Hudson river railroad,
may be required. The sum of ascents and de-
scents on this line is nineteen thousand one hun-
dred feet.
If, on a working survey of the line, tunneling
shall be found advisable, to shorten distance, this
discovery should not be considered a very serious
obstacle, as, with the present knowledge in rail-
road construction, rock tunneling can be pushed
forward at the rate of two lineal yards per day,
without machinery; and with machinery, at dou-
ble that rapidity, and by either method, the cost
will be within half a million dollars per mile.
Mr. Chairman, I have said enough upon the
profile of the northern route. Now, sir, I propose
to speak of it with reference to its soil, climate, and
capabilities for sustaining a population. As to that
part of it which crosses Minnesota, from Lake
Superior to the Bois des Sioux, a distance of two
hundred and twenty-six miles, let the three hun-
dred thousand inhabitants of Minnesota answer.
From the Bois des Sioux, four hundred and seven
miles west, to the mouth of "White Earth river,
the western boundary of the old Territory of Min-
nesota, where the Missouri makes its great bend
from an eastern to a southern direction, the first
sixty miles furnishes plenty of wood and timber,
and the balance of the way is in the main an open
prairie country, good soil for farming, with occa-
ssional groves and belts of wood, and the whole
way intcrpcrsed with creeks, rivulets, and lakes,
besides the Riviere a Jacques, Chayenne, and
Mouse rivers.
From White Earth river to FortUnioniseighty-
four miles, and from thence to Fort Benton three
hundred and seventy-five miles. About one hun-
dred and thirty miles above Fort Union, the rail-
road line leaves the valley of the Missouri, and
takes to the valley of Milk river, and keeps in this
valley to the Bear's Paw mountains, nearly oppo-
site Fort Benton. Here the land is better than in
the valley of the Missouri, which, below Fort Ben-
ton, passes through the Mauvaises Terres, a tract
of 4< bad landbut the district through which the
Milk river runs, as well as the country a little way
back from the Missouri, abounds in grass—is
recognized by all who have seen it as prairie land—
a name never applied to any but fertile land. It
abounds in grass; is the favorite resort of the buf-
falo, those engineers by instinct, whose survey
lines will never lead us into barren places; to fol-
low which is wiser than to follow the line of the
theodolite, when it would take us over desert
wastes and impracticable mountain barriers.
"The soil is' excellent from the Mississippi aver to the
Bois de SiouXjiri the Mouse river valley, ami m the valleys
of the several streams flowing into the Missouu. Much of
the land is good on Milk nver, atxl on the banks of the Mis-
souri itself. It is excellent in the valleys of the Marias, Te-
ton, Medicine, Dearborn, and the sevi-ial tributaries at the
forks of the Missouri. It is also excellent on the Missomi
in the vicinity of Fort Benton, on the Uiglnvood eieek, on
the Judith river,on the Mu&ele Shell,and on Smith's river.
The valleys of the Hell Gate, Blackloot, St. iMary's, Jocko,
and the several tributaries flowing into the Flathead lake,
turnish excellent soil. The soil is good on the several prai-
ries on Clark's fork, in the vicinity of the Cceur d'Alene
lake, the several tributaries flowing into that lake, and good
for the most part on the banks of the Spokane, and on the
western slope of the Coeur d'Alene mountain^; and it is
good, also, much of the distance on the railroad route over
the Great Plain oftheColumbia, and on the Wallah-Wallah
liver and its tributaries. In tho immediate vicinity of Fort
Wallah-Wallah thesoflispoer. Below FoitWallah-Wallah,
on both hanks of the Columbia, the soil for the most part
is cood,aud the giazing excellent. Below the Ca-cades The
soil is rich, and is so ior the most parr to the mouth of the
Cowlitz, and thence to Puget Sound. On the southern shore
of Puget Hound a poitionof the prairies is giaveily, although
the great portion furnishes fair arable land.
" In the Yakima valley there is some good land, and by
irrigation a consideiable quantity of land could be made
available for crops. Ciossing the mountains by the Sno-
qualme Pass, the soil impioves, and for some forty miles
before reaching the Sound, the quality is excellent. Tins is
especially the case back of Seattle.
" The grazing is good on the whole route, and between
the Bois de Sioux and the Mouse River vadey, and between
this valley and the Big Muddv river. Between the several
river valleys from the Big Muddy to the Medicine nver,
there are many small streams, and valleys furnishing excel-
lent farming locations.
" The timber is abundant as far as the Bois do Sioux, and i
on the route thence to the Grand Couteau, he.idmj; the ,
Mouse river valley, the road can be supplied from the Shav- '
enne,the Miniwaken lake, the coulees, and main valley j
of the Mouse river, and various lakes not lar fiom the line |
of the route. From the Giand Couteau to the Big Muddy :
river, there is little or no timber, and the biipply must be ;
furnished from the Missouri and Yellowstone. The same
from the Big Muddy to Milk nver. From the mouth of
Milk river to the mountains, temporary anangements can j
be made with the cotton-wood, to he leplaeed. on a through 1
communication being established, by the excellent pines of 1
the Bear's Paw, the Three Buttes, and the Rocky Mount- ,
airis, though it will be practicable, fiom the Mi?souii, to
extend the tiack along Milk river, bv the red cedar and the
pines of the Mi^soun and Yellowstone,and, by the use of
a branch road, to open a new section where the route passes
between the Bears Paw and the ThieeEuttes. The supply
from the mountains to beyond the crossing of the Spokane
i  inexhaustible; thence, for some one bundled miles, to
the crossing of the Columbia, there a scarcity of timber ;
but inexhaustible supplies can be floated down the Colum-
bia. From the crossing of the Columbia, down its valley
to the Cowlitz, and thence to the Sound, the fuipply is in-
exhaustible ; though fiom the crossing to the Dalles, the re-
liance must be on the woods of the Columbia, above the
mouth of the Wcuatshapain ; bv the loute of the Yakima
and the Snoqu aline Pa<s, there will be ample supplies of
timber. Not much is found the fhstnmety-four miles; but
the route being in the valley of the Yakima, theie will be
no difficulty in rafting down to points whcie timber is
wanted, fiom its head waters.
"In the umbered legion cue found pine, larch, spruce,
cedar, and fir. East ot the Bois de Sioux the growth is
principally oak, elm, a b, See.
44 There will be no difficulty as to water. It will be de-
ficient at points on thebioael plateau between the Milk and
Missouri nvei.«, but by aqueducts it can easily be .-upphed.
The lakes on thoGtand Couteau will ulso turnish the means
of supplying any deficiency fiom the Grand Couteau to a
point south of the Mmiwakan lake. Hut otu observations
goto eiliovv that theie need be little apprehension of a defi-
ciency here. On the giuat plain of the Columbia, I appie-
hend no deficiency in the supply of water; the whole coun-
tiv abounds m lakes and small streams.
•'Our observations and inquiries go tn show that the
average depth of snow east ot the mountains to the Mis-
souri does not exceed one loot. Two teet is an extiaordi-
nary depth, and the moot expeiienced voyageurs in that
country have never been detained a sinsleday, in traveling,
by snow. The rno^t they have been compelled to do was
to ho by till the storm was over.
"In the Rocky Mountains, and on the line of Clark's
Fork, the snow i^ haidly ever deep enough to prevent the
Indians traveling with their families on horseback all
thiough the wintei ; one foot is a common depth, and throe
feet is a very extraouhnary depth, in the Rocky Mountains.
Last winter the average on the several passes was less
than one foot. The winter before—the winter of sieatest
snow for many years, as shown by the unprecedented use
of the livers m the following spring—the depth was three
feet.
£* On the plain of the Columbia, in the lower Columbia
valley, and on the route thence to the Sound, the snow is
inconsiderable."—Governor Steven's Summary.
To go more into detail on this subject of snows,
as it seems to be one of the great11 bugbears" to
frighten away support of the northern route, I
offer the testimony of Lieutenant Grover, who
crossed the mountain range in the winter of 1854.
He left Fort Benton on the 2d of January, 1854;
up to that date, but little snow had fallen in that
section of the country, and that little did not re-
main. The weather had been generally mild. He
started with a dog train, taking with him pack
mules, until he should meet the snow. On the 3d
it snowed, and on the morning of the 4th three
inches of snow was found on the ground. On the
7th the appearances were so favorable for snow
that he sent back his mules; but he found he was
too hasty, as a southwest breeze sprang up and
took off nearly all the snow. He says a south-
west wind in that country is sure to bring with it
fair mild weather continuously, and that it is the
prevailing winter wind. Hence he accounts for
the moderate amount of snow. On the 10th, after
traveling on bare ground, he encamped on Dear-
born river and found snow; on the 12th, he crossed
the divide in snow a foot deep and but little drifted.
On his further progress west, through the Rocky
Mountain range, this officer found but little or no
snow in the valleys or mountain passes.
Two months later, in March, Lieutenant Mul-
len went from Fort Owen to Fort Benton, a dis-
tance of two hundred and ninety-four miles, and
back in the same month, and found only ten inches
of snow, and this depth but part of the way.
The greatest depth of snow is found in the Cas-
cade range. In January, 1854, Captain McClel-
land undertook to explore the Snoqualme Pass;
but meeting with some Indians, who represented
the snow to be twenty-five feet deep on the sum-
mit, he gave up the enterprise and returned. I
suppose it is upon tho strength of this report that
the late Secretary of War, in reporting upon Gov-
ernor Stevens's reconnoissance, says:
"The evidence respecting the amount of snow found on
tho summit of the pass at the close of winter, makes it prob-
able that it is then twenty feet deep there."
But, fortunately, it so happens that at this very
time, January, 1854, while Captain McClelland
was attemptingthe passage from the west, A. W.
Tinkham made the passage from the cast, cross-
ing the summit of the pass on the 21st of Janu-
ary, and he says:
Fo; about six miles on the summit snow was found to
be six teet deep, with an occasional depth of seven, as also
of four." v + * Tiie whole breacith of anew over
twelve inches deep was some sixtv miles in extent; of this
about foity-five miles were two feet andupwaids; about
twenty miles were four feet and upwards; and six miles
weie six feet and upwards."
And he further says:
"The snows piet-ent little obstruction to removal in com-
parison with the compact drifted snows of the Atlantic
States." * * * " I see no well-grounded reason to ap-
prehend that the regular running of railway tiams would be
hmdeied in the winter from the snow in the Yakima Pass."
He foundlarge camps of Indians in their winter
quarters near this pass, grazing large bands of
horses and cattle, without the expectation that the
snow would drive them thence, or destroy their
horses and cattlc.
The testimony of Mr. Rice and Mr. Sibley, old
settlers in Minnesota, and Mr. Culbertson, of
Fort Benton, as to snows in the couteau of the
Missouri, do not make it over one foot deep, and
that in many winters it will not exceed six inches.
To the same result I can add my own testimony
as to the snows of Wisconsin, from ten years'
residence in that State, except that in the northern
portion of my State, where there is more snow in
consequence of the evaporation from Lake Su-
perior.
To show that such is not the exception to, but
is the general character of, the winter climate, not
only of Wisconsin, but of the whole interior por-
tion of the continent, extending to and embracing
the Rocky Mountains as high up as the sources
of the Missouri, it is only necessary to refer to
the laws which govern the fall of snow and rain.
An evaporating surface and a high tension of
the atmosphere arc essential to the production of
lain or snow in large quantities. Hence, in pass-
ing from the equatorial to the polar regions, the
quantity of rain and snow which annually falls is
found to decrease. And the same result follows
in respect to places in the same latitude, in pass-
ing from the sea-coast to the interior. The
density of the atmosphere as well as its tempera-
ture, has much to do with its capacity for retain-
ing moisture. In ascending from the level of
the ocean towards the interior, both the density
and temperature are diminished; the vapors, sus-
pended and condensed, fall near the coast in rains
or snows, leaving the winds to pass on to the inte-
rior, deprived of moisture sufficient to supply any
considerable amount of snow or rain. The great-
est amount of our snows in the Northwest fall at
the commencement of cold weather and during
the month of December. From that time on, the
weather is generally clear and cold, with a dry
and bracing atmosphere, yielding neither snow
nor ram.
Such is the condition of the interior of our con-
tinent, the vapors arising from the Atlantic, as
they pass over the continent, are condensed and
fall in snow or rain before they get beyond the
Alleghany range. After winter has fairly set in
the evaporating surfaces of the interior are frozen
over, excepting the great lakes; hence, in the vi-
cinity of those large bodies of water we find the
greatest depth of snow during the winter, but it
does not extend to any great distance from them,
as the quantity of vapor arising from their sur-
