1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Carolina, he changed his name from Heifer to
Helper; and it was disclosed last year that while
a clerk for Mr/Brown he purloined from him
three hundred dollars, and after an exposure by
Mr. Brown, Heifer, making a merit of necessity,
himself publicly confesses, in a handbill which I
have' before me, this thieving on his part, and ex-
cuses it upon the ground that he was enticed to
the actbysome ambiguous expression of'a friend
of his that' it was allowable for clerks so to do;
and the further excuse that it was an indiscretion
of youth, although, at the time, he was in full
standing in the Presbyterian church, and-, as he
says himself, was seventeen years of age. It is
due to'the Presbyterian church to say that this
man is not now a member of that church.
Now, sir, when and why he altered his name
I know not, except he defines Helper—one who
helps himself from the purees of others without
their consent; and therefore concluded the change
of name appropriate to his character. He is a
dishonest, degraded, and disgraced man, and al-
though—much to be regretted—a native of the
State, yet he is an apostate son, ruined in fortune
and character, and catering to a diseased appetite
at the North, to obtain a miserable living, by
slanders upon the land of his birth; and I deeply
regret that the Senator from Massachusetts has,
by a reference, so dignified the crcature as to ren-
der nccessary this exposure. Such is Mr. Helper,
of North Carolina, author of the " Impending
Crisis of the South," alias Mr. Ilelfor, once of
North Carolina, but who has left the land of his
birth for the good of the State.
Now, sir, 1 would respectfully suggest to the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts to append
a note to the edition of his speech, giving the true
character of the author of this book upon which
he has relied, so that the readers of his speech
may not be, as he has been, so unwittingly mis-
led by authority so degraded and unreliable.
WASHINGTON POLICE.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the bill (S. No.
232) to establish an auxiliary guard for the pro-
tection of public and private property in the city
of Washington, and repealing all acts heretofore
passed in relation to that subject, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The bill is as follows:
That there be established an auxiliary guard or watch for
the protection of public and pitvate property, for the enfoice-
raent of the police regulations of the city of Washington,
lo consist of a chief at an annual salaiy of $2,000, [one] cap-
tain at an annual salary of $1,200, tour lieutenants at an an-
nual salary of $800 each, and one hundred men at an annual
salary of $600 each, to he paid monthly. The chief ot the
auxiliary guard shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate; and the cap-
tains, lieutenants, and men, shall be appointed by the chief,
with the appioval of the Secrctmy of the Inteuor, and may
bo dismissed by the chief at Ins pleasure, oi upon the oider
of the said Secrctaiv.
Skc. 2. Jlnd be U further enacted, That the guard hereby
established shall bc'divided by the chief into squads of con-
venient size, and the saul chief is also authonzed and em-
powered to establish guard-houses at such pomt.s m the city
of Washington as he may designate, Mibjcct, however, to
the approval ol'the Secretary of the Inteuor.
Sec, 3. And be it further enacted That the mayor of
Washington, the dtstiiet attorney lor the Distnetoi Colum-
bia, the marshal ol raid DiMnet, and the chief oi the auvil-
laiy guard, aie lici cby authoi ized and lequired lo make and
establish rules and lobulation* for the government of said
guard, subject to the appioval or'the Secretary of the Inte-
rior.
Seg. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatthe sum of $'5,00!)
be, and the same i^ hereby, appiopnated annually as a con-
tingent dmd, to be impended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to carry out the purposes of this act
in thesuppiession of cuiue and detection of cnminals in the
city of Washington.
See. 5. Jiiid lie it further eni/ctcd, That whenever, in the
judgment of the Piesident of the United States, the same
may be required, he be, and is hereby, authorized to order
such tempouuy incieast: of the guaid as, m Ins- opinion, may
be expedient; not lo exceed twobundied men, who shall be
paid at the rate of two dollar-* pel day while in service, and
be dismissed so soon as,in the opinion of the President, their
services muv no longer be requited.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That each mernbei of
the guaid <hall be required to wear a umtoim diess at all
hour* when on duty, and on Ins hat, oi cap. or breast, such
number as may be assigfied bun. The captains and lieu-
tenants, at ail times, day and night, shall wear an official
badge; and said umfoniis, badges, and number*, hereby re-
quired to be worn, g hall also be prescribed by Iho chief, and
shall he made public in the newspapers in Washington for
one month after first preset ibed, and shall not thereafter be
changed.
Skc. 7. And he it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts heretofoie passed, authorizing or lelatingto Unem-
ployment ot an auxiliary watch, or guaid, be,and the same
are'lKrebv. lepcalcd. This section to take effect ?o soon
as the chfei shall report to the Secretary of the Jntenot that
he has thirty mf n ".nolied and ieady '.or duty.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, Thatthe sum of money
necessary to carry this act into effect, not to exceed 
dollars, be, and the same hereby is, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. BROWN. There is a printed report ac-
companying the- bill. I do not know, however,
that anybody desires to hear it read.
Mr. MASON'. I should like to hear it read.
The Clerk read the following report made by
Mr. Buown on the 1st of April:
The Committee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred a resolution of the Senate, instructing them to "in-
quire into the expediency of providing by law for the estab-
lishment, under the authouty and control of the Govern-
ment of the United States, of an efficient police in the city
of Washington," have carefully considered the subject, and
report:
That the police force of the city consists of twenty-seven
day police officers, and one chief j and of an auxiliary guard
of thirty men, and one captain, who is to act as high police-
man. The day police is appointed by the Mayor, with the
consent of the city councils, and is paid out of the city treas-
ury ; the cost, being $18,000 per annum. The auxiliary guard
is appointed by the Mavor,imdei an actofCongiess,and is
paid out of the national Treasury; the cost being $19,000
per annum, and $-100 for contingencies.
The police force is both feeble and inefficient. Riot and
bloodshed aie of daily occurrence. Innocent and unoffend-
ing peisons are shot, stabbed, and othcuviso shamefully
malneated, and not unhequently the offender is not even
airested. It is hardly necessaiy to add, that buch acts aie
a disgrace to civilized soeiely. and. if not put down, must
result m disastrous confluences to society, and bung a
lasting reproach upon this Federal city.
ft is the duty ot the local authorities to keep order; but
they either cannot or will not do it. The obligation is thus
thiown upon Congiess to take the matter in band. Cou-
giess cannot thiow off the lesponsibihty of taking care of
the public propei ty, and of defending the persons and prop-
erty ot Ministers acciedited to this Government by loicigti
Powers ; and Senators and Representatives may very well
assume that when not, bloodshed, burglary, and ar^on,are
of almost nightly occurrence, they and their families are
not fiee fiom danget.
The feebleness of the police is shown by a single glance
at its numbets. Fifty-seven men cannot, when the spirit
of disoider is life as it now is, keep order in a city like
Washington. This city ha-, m round numbei.-', a popula-
tion of siuy thousand souls; but it coveis an area laiger
than Balimioie, with a population of two hundred and sixty
thousand. Baltimore has a police Joice of (bur hundred,
and Washington ha* only fiitv-sevn
The mi'thei-'iiey of Ihe police gunvs out of a number of
cause-.. Fn.-t and"foieinostis its feebleness; next, the want
of prop< c lospousibihty. A police appoint* d by one povvci,
and paid by anolhei, is very likely to be inefficient. But
that which, peihapsnnpaits Us gieatest inefficiency is the
tact that ll is composed, to a great degree, of active political
pnitit.au*; and being appointed by the local authouties
alone, its efficiency m can>uig elections is looked to with
as much, oi mote anxiety, than its efficiency in keeping
down disoider.
Without elaborating the subject, your committee have felt
justified, tiom the state of facts now existing, m assuming
that the obligation is ftpon the Government to provide a more
efficient police for the city of Washington, and therefore
leport a bill.
Sknatk Committee d. C. Room, March 3, 1858.
Dear Sir: The lollowing resolution has been referred,
by order of the Senate, to the Committee on the District ol
Columbia:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Distuct of Colum-
bia bemsuueted to impure into the expediency of providing
by law for the establishment, undei the authority and con-
trol of the Government ot the United States, ot' an efficient
police in the city of Washington.
To enable the committee to act intelligibly, lam instiuct-
ed to addiess to you the following inquiues :
First. What is the present police force in the city of
Washington, and by whom is it appointed ?
Second. What io the annual co&tof the police, and by
whom is it paid >
Third. What suggestions, if any, have you to make look-
ing to an increased efficiency in the police?
Fourth Has tin* police been inefficient? and if so, state
the reasons wliv, and suggest a iciuedy.
\ am futther directed to" call upon you tor a copy of your
police niles or regulations, to be laid before the committee,
and, if they think it proper, to be submitted by them to the
Senate.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant.
]\T iyor's Office, Washington,
March 17, 1858.
Sir: fn reply to theseveial questions submitted to me in
,j a communication leceived fiom the committee over which
you pie-nie, to the fir-f 1 lespectfnlly answci, that the po-
lice ot tne citv of Washington now consists of twenty-seven
day police ofiiceis, and one chief of police ; of thirty mem-
bers ot an auxihaiy guard,and one captain theieof, who
act as night policemen, and are liable to do day duty when-
ever any emergency may occur; that duimg the last year it
ha-, been found necessary to appoint, tcmporauly, twenty-
nvemgiU police offieeis in aid ot the guaid, and that the day
police lias been permanently increased to nearly Rouble its
pievious numbei; that all the police use appointed by the
Mayor—those of the day police by and with the advice and
consent of the boaid of aldermen.
The annual cost oi the dav police is eighteen thousand
three hundred and seventy dollars, and some contingencies,
which expense is paid hv the city of Washington. The cor-
poration has already paid during the current year, three
thousand dollars for special police service.
The auxiliary guard are paid by the Government of the
Uuited States, each receiving six hundred dollars per an-
num, and the captain one thousand dollars ; making in all
nineteen thousand dollars, and four hundred dollars for con-
tingencies.
I suggest that the night police (auxiliary guard) is much
too small. The greatest length of the city, on an east and
west line, is 4.572 miles, and, on a north and south line, is
3.779 miles. It has many crooked and narrow alleys m it,
which seive as hiding and lurking places for evil disposed
and disorderly persons. None of these alleys are lighted at
night, and but few of the streets and avenues. Tt would,
therefore, take at least one hundred men to effectually
watch the city at night, and to meet any emergency that is
likely to occur; and they ought to have one captain, and
not les-5 than four lieutenants. The day police, for the pres-
ent, is large enough.
The police is not inefficient; but, on the contrary, is, and
has been, as efficient as it is possible for so small a body of
men to be. They have made a very large number of ar-
rests, many of them under circumstances of great danger.
They are all strong, able-bodied men, of tried courage; and
a large propoition of them have received painful, and, in
some instances, dangeious v^ounds, in the discharge of their
duty, and have captured an almost incredible number of
fire arms and other offensive weapons; the return this day
alone being four six-shooting revolvers of various patents,
one single-barrel pistol, besides other more silent, but hardly
less deadly weapons.
There is a.spirit of lawlessness pervading the whole land.
Deeds ot violence and bloodshed are perpetrated even in
villages and hamlets ; and all the cities of the country are
suffering to a greater extent than ever heretofore from the
prevalence of thi> s-puit in their midst.
The county constables, who aie appointed by the circuit
court, hold their office for an indefinite term, and are held
to no responsibility loi any omissions to enforce law or pun-
ish its violations; and as a recent law of Congress takes
from them all fees and emoluments for sei vices tendered m
this behalf, they generally avoid them; J therefoie suggest
that the tenure of their office be well defined by law, that
the term be limited, and that they be made responsible to
the mnnhal of the United States for the District of Colum-
bia, and required to obey his oiders and those of his depu-
ties, in the suppression of riots and the maintenance of the
public peace ; and also that some method of compensating
them may be adopted, either by returning to the old fee sys-
tem, or such other as Congress in its wisdom may devise.
The District of Columbia has now to rely on the city po-
lice for the discharge of duties winch, in the States, belong
to the sheriff of the county, or the officer representing him
—a condition of things which ought not to exist, and which
will be, at least partially, remedied by cairjing out the
above suggestions m relation to the maishal and the county
constables. Very respectfully,
W. B MAGRUDER, Mayor.
Hon. A. G. Brown, Chairman of the Senate Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Office of the Chief of Police,
Washington, March 5, 3858.
Sir : t have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a
communication, by order of the Senate Committee on the
District of Columbia, making certain inquiries in i elation to
the police organization of this city, and briefly reply :
In answer to your first inquiry : " Wiiat is the present
police forcc in the city of Washington, and by whom is it
appointedI respectfully leply:
The present force of the police of this city consists of
twenty-seven persons, with a chief or captain of police, the
members of which aie nominated by the Mayor to the boaid
of aldermen for confirmation, in the same rnannei as all the
other officers of the corporation. Previous to the 7th of Jan-
uary last (1858) tlieentue police force of the city numbered
seventeen, at which date the two boards of the city coun-
cil passed an act " to organize a police system for the city
of Washington, and to teduce the several acts m relation
theieto into one," which act increased the loice from six-
teen to the present numbei—twenty-seven persons.
The second inquiiy, "What is the annual cost of the
police, and by whom is it paid ?" is answered :
Twenty-seven men, at ^630 per annum each.. .$17,010 00
Pay ot chief.    1,000 00
$18,010 00
Which salaries are paid monthly by the corporation.
In addition to the eorpoiation police, there arc thuty-one
persons attached to the night guaid; which organization,
by law, are auxihaiv to the police established by the eor-
poiation. Their head is called" Captain Auxiliary Guaid."
They are paid by the Government. The contingent ex-
penses of tiie seveial guaid-houses arc defrayed by the eor-
poiation. Their duties aie confined exclusively to night
service in patrolling the city—at the present time, from 8
p. m. until moining.
There aie, in addition to the above, a number of officers
called " eountii constables^3 who aie entirely inefficient, for
the reason that they never act except there is an almost
cut tain prospect of peeuiuai y reward for their services, and
aie, theiofoie, entirely useless.
The suggestions 1 have to offer, looking to an increased
efficiency of the police, are, huiriedly :
1. A greatly augmented force.
2. A marshal or head ol police, with an adequate number
of captains or lieutenants of police, who shall be aligned
to duty generally m a particular locality or distuct; who
shall be directly responsible tor the pioper discharge of the
duties of the men apportioned to the district in which such
captains, &c., respectively, shall be aligned.
3. A sufficient number of statiou-houscs for the accom-
modation of the men, which will sprve as headquarters in
the several district*?; at which a sufficient force will always
be found, at all houis of the day or night, for the protection
of public and private pioperty, See., See.
4. Stungent rules for the government of the^ody, witn-
out which any police organization must necessaniy be in-
efficient.
I have hastily thrown together the above suggestions as a
kind of basis by which to form a starting point, and upon
which to enlarge.
