1«58.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
faces is insufficient to furnish a supply to extend
over a large tract of country.
It is for these reasons that the interior has less
snow than the sea-board and lake shores.
The vapors arising from the Pacific ocean are
condensed by the Coast and Cascade ranges of
mountains, and fall in snows and rains, and be-
fore the winds reach the interior they arc deprived
of the principal part of their moisture, and may
be designated dry winds. Humidity has never
been charged upon the atmosphere of the North-
west. Our dry, clear, pure, atmosphere insures
health and the greatest amount of physical energy
in man. Comfort and business are therefore not
so much affected by the cold in our dry northern
latitude; and wc bear with at least twenty de-
grees more cold than you can in this latitude, and
are less inconvenienced by it, in any possible
point-of view.
If I have not said enough to dispose of these
" bugbears," the deep snows, the intense cold> and
the barren plains, let me call the attention of the
committee to the railroad experience of Canada,
Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine, where the
snows are deeper and more compact than they are
west of Lake Superior. If still I fail to satisfy
railroad gentlemen, let me citc them to the expe-
rience of Russia, with her railroad from Moscow
in latitude 56°, to St. Petersburg, in latitude 60O.
Will the committee yet believe that this latitude
is not capable of sustaining an agricultural popu-
lation, either on account of cold orsterility? Ask
the million of inhabitants in Wisconsin and Min-
nesota, if their country is too cold or too sterile
for agriculture. Why, sir, those States at the pres-
eent time constitute the granary of the nation.
Ask the Selkirk and Saskatchewan settlements in
the British provinces, and they will make you as
good report per aero, 011 agriculture, as New York
or New England can.
I will taicc this occasion to speak of a peculiar-
ity in the configuration of the great American plain
between the western States and the Rocky Mount-
ains. Between the thirty-second and thirty-third
parallel the general altitude is about four thousand
three hundred feet; in the upper half of the valley
of the Gila, over five thousand feet. Poit Mas-
sachusetts, in latitude 37° 30', is eight thousand
four hundred feet above the sea. Fort Laramie,
in latitude 420 15', is four thousand five hundred
feet. The South Pass, in latitude 42°30', is seven
thousand five hundred feet. Fort Benton two
thousand three hundred and twenty-nine feet, and
Fort Union two thousand and nineteen feet—both
in latitude 48°; and the Saskatchewan country one
thousand feet. This declination in the altitude as
you go north is the key to unlock the secret of the
mild climate and fertile soil along the northern
railroad line. Sir, altitude as well as latitude is to
to be considered in locating railroad lines.
Another marked feature of this northern line,
signalizing it as the line to be preferred, is the aid
it derives from water communication on the Co-
lumbia and the Missouri, whether to facilitate
construction, or in part to dispense with railroad
construction. From the mouth of the Columbia
up to the Peluse, its tributary, we have two hun-
dred and sixty-nine miles of navigation; thence,
due east, over the divide to Fort Benton, the head
.of navigation on the Missouri, four hundred
and fifty miles of railroad, over a route no more
difficult than is the Now York and Erie or the
Pennsylvania Central; thence down the Missouri,
nearly due east, three hundred and seventy-seven
.miles to Fort Union, we have good navigation
at all seasons of the year (except when fro-
zen) for boats drawing from twenty to thirty
inches water, or capable of carrying "three hun-
dred tons burden. Here, from Fort Benton to the
Columbia, in the language of the present Secre-
tary of War, we have a shorter route than from
ii El Paso to the Colorado;" and what is better,
the ends of this route are not stuck in the sand,
but the rivers give us outlets. From Fort Union
to Lake-Superior, again, nearly due east, is seven
-hundred and seventeen miles. So that in reality
this northern line of communication is complete
when we build one thousand one hundred and
sixty-seven miles railroad.
Mr. Chairman, the late Secretary of War, in
reporting to this House upon Governor Stevens's
explorations, says that these explorations show
that the uncnltivable regions on this route, as in
that of the Arkansas, begins with the ninety-ninth
meridian. That point, sir, is about ninety miles
westof Minnesota; from thence to the Pacific, he
deduces, from these explorations, that the coun-
try is one of general sterility, with some excep-
tions in the mountain valleys. He also reports
that the sum of the areas of cultivable soil in the
Rocky Mountain region does not exceed, if it
equals, one thousand square miles.
Governor Stevens reports ten thousand square
miles of arable, tillable land already prepared for
occupation and settlement, in the mountain range
between Fort Benton and the Bitter Root range
of mountains. And, sir, as I read his reports and
the reports of his officers, I do not understand
that there is any land between Fort Benton and
the ninety-ninth meridian, that deserves the term
arid or sterile, but I do understand from his ex-
plorations that nearly this entire couteau is capa-
ble of sustaining an agricultural population. It
is the favorite grazing ground for the buffalo, and,
sir, they do not seek their pasturage in arid and
sterile places. More careful and extended explo-
rations by Governor Stevens have satisfied him
that his estimate of ten thousand square miles
was an under-estimate.
In addition to this area of farming land, the
Governor says there is a tract of land between
the Peluse river and the Bitter Root mountains,
in extent equal to the State of Connecticut, of as
rich land as the farmer ever put plow into. The
Governor's estimate of costof road, was also ma-
terially increased by the War Department.
One cannot read the first volume of the Pacific
j railroad surveys, without concluding that the War
1 Department has unfairly and unjustly dealt with
j the labors .of Governor Stevens and his party,
j Here is presented this remarkable spectacle, of
[ a Department of the Government detailing its
, own officers to conduct explorations, the object
j of which was to obtain information of unknown
I and unexplored regions, and then deliberately
j attempting to discredit, before Congress and the
, country, the results obtained, by substituting its
i own judgment, in opposition to ascertained facts,
j It looks very much as if the War Department had
1 determined in advance, irrespective of the results
to be obtained by the surveys and explorations,
that this northern route should not be encouraged.
Three hundred and forty thousand dollars have
been appropriated directly for explorations of rail-
road routes to the Pacific. Only $55,000 of this
had been devoted to the northern line, when the
War Department stopped further-work there, by
refusing pay. The balance of these appropria-
tions has been expended South. The one or two
hundred thousand dollars for Artesian wells, with-
out water, on the southern line, is to be added,
besides the $10,000,000 for the Gadsden pur-
chase, which was bought for railroad track. The
explorations are to make eight large quarto vol-
umes; the number of volumes published, and to
be published, is about one hundred and twelve
thousand, at a cost to the Government of about
five hundred and sixty thousand dollars. The
first volume is devoted to the northern route—the
other seven to the central and southern. The first
volume is without dlustiation of any kind; does
not even contain the report of the geologist at-
tached to Governor Stevens's party, which, as I
am informed, the late Secretary of War refused
to publish for want of means. Of the remaining
seven volumes, four are already published, and
are most beautifully illustrated, presenting a com- j
plete panorama of the natural scenery, the geol- 1
ogy,botany, zoology, ornithology, and everything i
else that could adorn and help to make the books j
a center-table ornament; and, it is to be presumed,
that the three volumes yet to come, are to be of
similar character. Assuming that one eighth of
the cost of publication is to be charged to the
northern route, it then turns out that, out of
611,000,000 expended to find a railroad track to
the Pacific, $125,000 is to be put to the account of
the northern route.
But this is not the end of these explorations. I
am informed,thatatthe present time Lieutenant
Ives is exploring the Colorado, at the expense of
this railroad fund.
On the 6th June, 1853, Governor Stevens and
his party started their explorations from St. Paul.
Not reaching the mountain districts until cold
weather had set in, the explorations were vigor-
ously carried on by his efficient aids, Captain
McClellan, Lieutenant Donelson, Mr. Tinknara,
Mr. Lander, Lieu tenant Mullen, Mr. James Doty,
and Lieutenant Grover, through the entire winter
season, in an uninhabited region. Of coutafe
their labors were attended with great difficulties,
and the results obtained were meager, compared
with the extensive field of operations before them.
The Governor had made every preparation for an
extensive and thorough summerreconnoissance,
and had made his estimates accordingly, and re-
ported preparations to the War Department, ask-
ing the cooperation of that Department; when,
just as the season of operations was opening, on
the 13th April, 1854, the Secretary of War stops
the supplies—says he will estimate for arrearages,
| but says nothing of future operations^ although
well advised how little opportunity had been af-
forded the party of fulfilling the intentions of Con-
gress. Notwithstanding Congress appropriated
$150,000 August 5, 1854, for continuing the ex-
plorations, no orders were sent to Governor Ste-
vens to resume labors.
Mr. Chairman, there never can be but one New
! York upon the American shore of the AtUn-
I tic; and she must ever be none other than New
York. She will ever be as she is, the commer-
cial metropolis of America, until rivaled by that
queen city of the world, yet to be born, whose
seat is to beat Puget Sound, on the eastern shore
of the majestic Pacific. How plainly has nature
marked out the forty-seventh parallel on the
American continent for a great national and inter-
national thoroughfare ! I say nature has marked
it out, first, because, revolving around this ima-
ginary line as a center, as well upon the eastern as
the western hemisphere, is to be found the har-
diest, most enterprising, most numerous, as well
as most highly civilized, of the human family. It
is the center of population of the northern tem-
perate zone. Here originate the demands of com-
merce; and from here commerce derives its vital-
ity. And it is upon this line that nature assures
to all the wealth that floats upon the seas a safe
and speedy passage. No crossing of the equi-
noxial; no doubling of the capes; no simoons or
trade-wind; but an open sea, with fair sailing, and
an equable climate.
I say nature has marked it out, secondly, with
the St. Lawrence and its great lakes stretching
half-way across the continent, the Columbia and
the Missouri striving to complete the connection.
The old Rocky Mountain itself, in aid of this
great thoroughfare, lowers its crest between the
sources of the Columbia and the Missouri, so as
to furnish a facile transit. We have but to set the
iron-horse at work from Fond du Lac Superior
to the Great Bend of the Missouri, a short day'«
journey of seven hundred miles; and again, from
the navigable waters of the Missouri to the head
of navigation on the Columbia, a half day's jour-
ney of four hundred and fifty miles; an8, presto,
the commerce of the world wheels into line, and
America becomes the mistress of the sea, and ruler
among the nations.
How degenerate has become the statesmanship
of the age 1 The sagacity of a Jefferson saw, in
the sources of the Missouri, in connection with
the Oregcm, now Columbia, a line of commerce
as valuable as that which led into the Gulf of
Mexico. It was not alone to control the outlet of
the Father of Waters that he desired Louisiana,
for no sooner had he made the acquisition than h6
demanded and obtained of Congress authority to
explore the sources of the Missouri and the Co-
• lumbia, and the mountain passes, and sent out
i those intrepid men, Lewis and Clarke, the results
' of whose labors have been published to the
! world. But Jefferson went out of power, and war
I came on; and that which was a cynosure to Jeffer-
son was lost sightof by those who followed him*
Benton, though living, is of the generation of
statesmen passed away. His public life laps into
that of Jefferson, and, with qualities not second
to him, he too takes up this grand national idea.
It is so directly to my purpose that I will quote
' what he said in a speech in the Senate, in 1846:
"This is the North American road to India, all ready now
for use, except the slioi t link from the Columbia to the Great
Falls of the Missouri. This little intervention of dry ground
between Canton and New York will prove to be no ob&taule
either in summer or in winter—ail the rest now ready, made
ready by nature. Arrived at the Great Falls of the Mis
souii, the East India merchant may look back and say,
4 My voyage is finished 1' He may look forward and say,
1A thousand markets lie before we, of all winch I may take
my choice.' A downward navigation of two thousand five
hundred miles carries htm to St. Louis, the center of tin*
