1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l inclose 'Rules and Regulations for Government of
Auxtiiai j Guaul," and also a copy of polica act
Very respprftiiHy, &c., I( • A. KLOlrJ^iv,
Chief of Police.
lion. A. G. Grown, Chairman) «§'c., United States Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. In the third section 1 think
an amendment ought to be made. As the section
now stands it provides,
"That the Mayor of Washington, the districtattorney for
the District of Columbia, tlio marshal of the said District,
ami the chief of the auxiliary euard, are hereby authorized
and required to make and establish rules and regulations
tor the govern merit of said guaid, subject to the approval 01
the Secretary of the Inteiicr."
I think that the Mayor of Washington ought
not to be connected with this matter, as the guard
is to be kept and maintained at the expense of the
General Government; and I move to strike out,.in
the first and second lines, the words, "the Mayor
of Washington, "and also to strike out" the dis-
trict attorney for the District of Columbia." I
do not know why he should be associated either.
Then the section will read:
That the marshal of said Distiict and the chief of the aux-
iliaiy guard are hereby authorized and required to make and
establish rules and regulations for the government of said
guaid, subject to the approval of the Secretary ot the Inte-
rior.
I see no reason why we should connect the
Mayor and district attorney with this matter.
Mr. BROWN. These words were not inserted
carelessly, but for a reason. The Mayor of
Washington is the chief conservator of the pub-
lic. peace of the city; at least he ought to be"teo.
He has nothing to do with the execution of this
law if it passes; but he has, by tins section, a
voice in establishing the rules and regulations
winch are to control this body of men, the exe-
cution of the rules themselves being left to a dif-
ferent power. There is a day police here which
is exclusively under the control of the Mayor,
and must always remain so. Congress neither
pays them nor appoints them, nor has anything
to do with them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask, is this,
by the bill, a night police ?
Mr. BROWN. That is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill makes it so ?
Mr. BROWN. The law, as it now stands,
makes it so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. flow is it with this bill
Mr.BROWN. This bill doesnotsospecifically
declare it, but that is the character of this police.
I was about to say that the Mayor makes rules
and regulations for the day police; and if the rules
for the government of the night police should be
essentially different, you would have two sets of
rules for ihe government of the police of the city.
It was for that reason that the Mayor was taken
in. The district attorney was named, for the
reason that he had performed such sei vices here-
tofore, and for the reason that the rules ougnt not
to conflict with the law; and he being the jaw of-
ficer of the Government here, would be likely to
solve any law point th.->t might, arise in making
these rules. I do not want to detain the Senate
in discussing the question. If the Senate chooses
to strike out these words, very well; but I think
it ought not to be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this bill could be made
more specific, so that this auxiliary guard should
be entirely and solely a night guard, having noth-
ing to do with the police of the city during the
day, then the remark which has been made by the
Senator from Mississippi would be a correct one
necessarily; and the Mayor, the head of the day
police, would have to be consulted in order to
make a perfect system in reference to the two. I
was about to remark that I listened to the bill
when it was read, and it should, in my judgment,
be entirely a night police, because the city au-
thorities should take care of the police of the city
in the day time. They are competent to do it,
and they cannot ask properly to be relieved from
that service. In that ease, it would be very well
to consult the Mayor, and it would be necessary
to consult the officers of the city, in order to make
the police a perfect one, as stated by the Senator
from Mississippi. I will suggest to him, how-
ever, that he had better make his bill more spe-
cific, in order to leave no sort of question what
this guard is intended for. As it stands now, it
does°not say that it is to be a night watch alto-
^Mr! 'BROWN. Nor would I have it an exclu-
sively night guard. Its principal duty would be
to guard the city at night; but in cases of riot, or
anything of that sort, I should certainly expect
them to do service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then there might be a
provision inserted in the hill that the superintend-
ent should have power to call this guard to
aid in suppressing riots in the city in the day time,
when it might be necessary; but its general occu-
pation should be, I think, exclusively as a night
guard. There is no reason in the world why Con-
gress should be at the expense, or should take the
responsibility, of furnishing a day police for the
city of Washington. It is a service not very ex-
tensive, and one which the city can well render.
I accede to the idea that there should be power to
call upon this guard on special occasions, and per-
haps on special days, when there is more danger
than on other days of riots or other troubles aris-
ing in the city.
I would make one other suggestion, though I
do not intend to move an amendment: I think as
pnuch power as can be possibly lodged with any
safety should be vested in the commander of this
guard; that he should not be hampered by gen-
eral restrictions, or by a board. I believe- that
the ability of a police depends, in a very great de-
gree, upon the character of the principal officer,
and that the ability of the principal ofHcerdepends,
in a very great degree, upon his having as much
power as can safely be lodged in his hands with-
out being troubled by a board over him; and
therefore all the rules and regulations which are
to be made, I think we should look upou with
considerable care, and watch them.
I am not ordinarily in the habit of moving or
| suggesting that a sum appropriated for purposes
' not cxactly specific should be increased; but all
j experience has shown, in every city, that a police
is very frequently rendered ineffective from the
want of ability to get information. The police
officers themselves are watched; and according to
the provisions of this bill, which has provided
specifically for their wearing badges, notifying
their characters day and night, of course all logues
will keep as clear as possible fiom coming in con-
tact with them, and it is impossible for them per-
sonally to ascertain the haunts of people of this
description to acquire information that is neces-
sary. There is a want of money, and there is a
want of money to pay for secret service. I be-
lieve that the secret service of a police force is
among the most, important duties which it has to
i perform. Information to be obtained by the com -
I manderof such a foice, must be diawn from other
: sources than from the men under hun—from per-
sons who are not officially known as members of
the force. 1 have always doubted whether the
provision requiring that badges should be worn
by police officers at night was not a very unwise
one; because, if the badges are of any use at all,
the use is to notify every vagabond who is prowl-
ing- about that a police officer is very near him.
In the day time it is very proper, but m the night
time I much doubt its expediency or propriety.
I would suggest to the honorable Senator 
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator will allow me
I will slate, in that connection, becauss I do not
wish to say more than is necessary, the reason
for putting "that provision in the bill. The object
is, that every citizen himself may be a watch on
your guard. If a member of the guard does not
perform his duty, and is seen not to be perform-
ing it, he can be recognized by his uniform and
his badge. If he is seen in a beer-house, or other
improper place, or seen in any improper associa-
tion, any citizen may notify the chief of police of
that fact, and have him dismissed for delinquency.
But if he goes in citizen's garb, none but his ac-
quaintances would recognize him. I saw, and
the committee saw, the difficulty which the Sen-
ator points out; but that is not so great a diifl-
culty as the other one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You have to watch the
watchmen—watch the police 1 . ,
Mr BROWN. Your whole six thousand
voters' and all the strangers here, will have their
eyes upon them. Wherever they arc seen m the
street, in whatever association, they are recog-
nized as policemen. If any emergency arises, if
a citizen is assaulted, he can see by the badge 01
the policeman that that is the proper man to call
upon. If he does not perform his duty, you knosv
whom to report. That is the reason for putting
it in.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I know that opinions dif-
fer  „ - - -
The PRESIDENT ptoiempo>%.' The hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special order,
being the bill to adffiit Minnesota into th.e Union;
and that bill is before the. Senate. - .
Mr. BROWN, i move to postpone the .'special
order, and let us go on with this Dill. If we. are
to da anything, surely all of us understand 'it is
necessary to act promptly . • \ -
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
chairman,of the Committee on the District -of
Columbia will not press the consideration of this
bill at this time. There is something that ought
to be said on the subject. I think Congress ought
to pass no such bill. We ought to be engaged in
something more legitimately within our sphere of
action than in this business of paying a uniformed
police out of the public Treasury to take care of
this city. I hope it will not be pressed now.
Mr. BROWN. I must press a bill like this,
which looks to the public peace.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is 011 postponing the special order for the purpose
of considering this bill.
Mr. MASON. 1 should really think the-Sen-
ate cannot be insensible to the pressing, the ab-
solute, necessity for the passage of this bill, or
some other bill which will preserve the lives of
the people in this city. We hear every day of
nightly assassinations, many of them successful.
J should think that the safety and the lives of
the people who are place4 under our jurisdiction
is of more pressing importance than the passage
of any bill which is likely to engage the attention
of the Senate to-day, so far as precedence is con-
cerned—not in general importance,certainly, hut
so far as precedence is concerned. I hope,-there-
fore, the business, whatever it may be, before the
Senate, will be postponed, in order to pass this
bill promptly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would ask
the Senator from. Virginia if the police authorities
of this place have not power to establish and put
on guard as many police officers as they think
proper? or do they require a law of Congress .to
authorize them to appoint an additional number ?
Have not the city authorities now power to put
on guard as many police officers as they think
proper, and have they not power to establish and
fix their pay, to lay taxes to meet the expense,
and provide for everything else connected with
the subject? If that be so, I cannotreally see the
necessity for Congress acting in such hot haste
on this subject, and taking jurisdiction of a mat-
ter that should be left to the city of Washington
to control.
Mr. SEWARD. The suggestions which are
made by the honorable Senator from Tennessee
seem to me very pertinent and worthy of consid-
eration; but they are pertinent to the consideration
of the bill when it shall be before the Senate. I
am obliged to confess what I thought ought never
to be stated, or could never be truly stated, :n the
Congress of the United States, that persons who
have business at the capital, whether they be for-
eigners or whether they be our own citizens^are
deterred from being abroad in the evening, whether
on business or social occasions, by the terror
which prevails in this city. I think every man
who is a resident of the city can bear witness/hat
persons take care to avoid being out in the night,
exposing themselves to violence and brutality by
offenders who are at large in the city. It was but
the night before last that one of the public offi-
cers, a messenger of the Treasury Department,
was assassinated in the open streets, and at an
early hour of the evening. It is certainly due to
the character of the capital of the country that wa
should give this subject immediate attention.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If this bill is not going to
take any great time, I do not wish to delay it by
insisting on taking up the Minnesota bill. If it is
thought we can get through with it immediately,
I shall waive the priority of the Minnesota bill,
with the itnderstanding that it does not lose its
place. I am induced to this by this consideration:
we all know that life is not safe in this city at
present; men are cut down and shot down at the
doors of citizens, who dare not open their doors
to rescue the wounded for fear of being tailed
themselves. A very prominent citizen of this city
told me that he saw two men shot down near his
own door, and that it was not safe for the lives
