1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2485
alarm to serve in the war declared by the United
States against Great Britain on the 18th of June,
1812; that at the time of the alarm the petitioner
lived in Buckfield, in Maine; that he marched
from Buckfield to Portland, in a company com-
manded by Captain Chase; that after his arrival
at Portland he was drafted into Captain James
Harlow ^company of Colonel Ryerden's regiment
of Massachusetts militia, and remained in service
forty days, and was honorably discharged there-
from; that the march from Buckfield was a forced
march, in which he contracted a disease in his
feet and legs, which has continued from that time
up to the present. The disease has continued to
increase, until the petitioner is now a cripple,
without any hope of recovery.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
FREDERICK SMITH.
A bill (H. R. No. 526) for the relief of Fred-
erick Smith.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Frederick Smith on the invalid
pension roll, at the rate of four dollars per month,
and to pay him at that rate from the 1st of Feb-
ruary, 1838, during his natural life.
It appears that the petitioner enlisted into the
service of the United States as a private in the
company of CaptainW. H. Irwin, of the eleventh
infantry, in May, 1846; that on the 11th of June,
1847, he was wounded at the National Bridge, in
Mexico, by a slug, which entered the left side of
his head, and became "embedded between the
external and internal plates of the cranium; near
the posterior margin of left parietal bone," the
ball or slug was extracted on the 5th May, 185G.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
PHINEAS G. PEARSON.
A bill (II. R. No. 527) for the relief of Phineas
G. Pearson.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Phineas G. Pearson on the list
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dobais
per month, to commence on the 22d of January,
1858, and continue during life. :
It appears, from the report, that Phineas G.
Pearson enlisted in 1846, as a private in the com-
pany of Captain David Ine, company C, second
regiment of Ohio volunteers, commanded by Col-
onel Morgan; that he marched with his company ,
from Highland county, Ohio, to Camargo, in ;
Mexico, and continued in the service of the Uni- !
ted States until the J3th September, 184G, when 1
he was discharged from the service on account of j
a surgeon's certificate of disability. The peti- ,
tioncr states that, while in Camatgo, in (he latter ;
part of August, 1846, he was attacked with <
iti' asles, which were very prevalent in the camp, j
was very sick for about two weeks, when he par- j
tially recovered; but m a few days after took a :
relapse, and became very sick with ^diarrhea, at- '
tended with fever, and, finally, his left leg below .
the knee became affected with severe pains, and j
was so much swollen he was unfitted for service, ■
and wad consequently discharged. He returned
to the United,States,"and suffered very great pain :
on account of the ulceration of his leg, until the 1
10th of December, 1851, when he was compelled j
to submit to the amputation of the, leg above the ;
knee, in older to save his life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
JUDITH NOTT. !
A bill (H. R. No. 52S) for the relief of Judith '
Note. !
Tiie bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
the name of Jiuliili Nolt upon the pension
roll of the United States, at the rate of nine doi-
larts per month, the pension to commence and be
computed from the 1st January, idio.and to con-
tinue during her widowhood.
The report bavins; been read, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
JOHN C. RATHBUN. i
A bill (II. E. Ko. 529) for the relief of John ,
C. Ilathbun. i
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to j
place the name of John C. Rath bun on the list of j
invalid pensioners, at the rate of foui dollars per !
month to commence on the 15th February, 1858, j
and to continue during life. '
The report states that John C. Rathbun enlisted
as a private on the 10th May, 1814, in the com-
pany of Captain Claudius C. Boughter, of the
New York militia, and served until the 8th No-
vember, 1814. It is alleged by the petitioner that
he was taken prisoner by the enemy in August,
1814. At the time of being token prisoner he
received three wounds: one with a saber on the
head, which fractured his skull; another with a
saber on the left shoulder, which cut through the
left shoulder blade; and another with a pistol ball,
which passed through his left thigh, from which
wounds he is unable to earn a living by manual
labor.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
STEPHEN FELLOWS.
A bill (H. R. No. 530) for the relief of Stephen
Feliows.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Interior to p'ace the name of Stephen Fellows
on the invalid pension list, at the rate of four dol-
lars per month, from the 20th of January, 1858,
to continue during life.
Itappearsfrom the report that StephenFellows
was a soldier in the Army during the war of 1812
under Captain Jonathan Stark, in the eleventh
regiment of United States regulars; that he was
wounded at the battle of Lundy's Lane in his left
side by a piece of shell, his ribs were broken, m
consequence of winch he was disabled, and is now
unable to procure a living by manual labor.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOHN PEURY.
A bill (II. R. No. 531) for the relief of John
Perry, of Illinois.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of John Peiry, of
Illinois, on the list of invalid pensioners, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, commencing on
the 15th of February, 1858, and to continue during
his natural life.
it appears from the report, that John Perry was
a private in company C, commanded by Captain
John M. Moore, in the second regiment of Illi-
nois volunteers, commanded by Colonel James
Collins; that lie enlisted on the 15th of July, 1847,
to serve during the war; that he matched to the
seat of wai, and while in the line of his duty at
Puebla, m Mexico, in Maich, 1848, he was at-
tacked with scrofulous irictus, which has so affected
; his eyes as to produrc almost total blindness.
I The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
i House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
| EBENEZril IIITCIICOCK.
cember, 1812, for one year in the war of 1812.
That while in the service he had the misfortune
to break his arm by a fall while passing from one
post to another in the dark. He also proves by
the surgeon of the Army who attended him, and
also by the certificates of two surgeons of his own
county; by the former,that he was in the line of
his duty when the injury was received, and by
the surgeons of his county, that the injury still
continues. His neighbors certify that he has not,
at anytime, been qualified-to perform manual
labor, excepting with the right hand; that he has
refused to receive or rather apply for a pension
while he was able to earn his board by doing small
favors for his neighbors. Pie is now aged and
unable to support himself, the injury of hi& wrist
increasing instead of getting better.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
ALLEN SMITH.
A bill (H. R. No. 534) for the relief of Allen
Smith,
The bill authorizes and requests the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Allen Smith,
of New Hampshire, upon the invalid pension list,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 21st of January, 1858, and continue
during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass
DAVID WATSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 535) for the relief of David
Watson.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of David Watson,
of Georgia, upon the list of invalid pensioners, at
the rate of four dollars per month, to commence
on the 15th of Febiuary, 1858, and continue dur-
ing his natural life.
It appears from the report that Watson was
musfoied into the service of the United States as
! a private m Captain Charles II. Nelson's com-
I puny of Colonel Calhoun's regiment of Georgia
volunteers, lor during the then existing war with
Mexico; that, while m the line of his duty m the
, service, hi* was attacked with diarrhea, which has
continued until the present time, disabling him,
in part, fiom obtaining his subsistence by man-
ual labor.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
! HEIRS OF JOIIiV 3\l'l>ONOUGH.
I A bill (II- R. No. 543) for the relief of the legal
1 lepresentauves of John McOonough, deceased,
I late of Louisiana.
The bill confirms the claim numbered 30 in the
32) for the lelief of Ebcn- i report of the register and receiver of the land of-
fire at New Orleans, made on the 22d ofNovem-
j her, 1837, in the name of John McDonough, to a
1 tract of about one hundred and seventy-seven su-
; periieial arpents of land; and directs that a patent
! shall issue, as in ordinary cases, to the legal rcp-
i resentativcs of McDonough, provided that this
' confnmotion shall only be construed as a relin-
I quishmentofall right and title of the United States,
and shall not piejudice the legal claim of any other
1 party, should such exist.
The report states, that on the 22d November,
I 1837, the register and receiver of the land office
at New Orleans, under the act of 6th February,
' j 1855, reported on this case as follows:
' " No. 39 —John McDonough claims, in virtue
of complete title or patent derived from the Gov-
'■ ernment of Fiance, m the year 17GJ, a tract of
land lying iti the parish of Jciftison, near the city
II of New Oileans, and on the same side of the river
Mississippi, commencing at a distance of eighty
arpents from the said river Mississippi,and run-
" mng back or in the rear from thence, with the
continuous lines of the front tract of twenty-two
arpents on the river, a distance of about forty-
nine and one third arpents in depth, until one of
the side lines intersects the other in a point, in-
cluding (as is more particularly shown by apian
drawn by Benjamin Buisson, a suiveyor of said
A bill (II. R. No.
ezet Hitchcock.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the interior to place the nam*1 of Kbenezer 13 itch -
cnck, of Massachusetts, on the invalid pension
roll, at the rate of ei«rht dollars per month, and to
cause him to he paid at that rate from the 1st of
Febrnaiy, 3858, dunng his natural life.
It appears from theleport, that Hitchcock en-
listed into the United States Anny on the 23d of
August, J808, for Am- yeans, sei ved out his time,
and was honoiably df--<.hatu"d; that in Mauh,
It? 13, he was appointed wagon-master by Lieu-
tenant Colonel Uaechus, and had the promise of
cxtia pay. lie served five months as a wagon-
master, and got only ordinary wages. A few days
previous to his discharge there came a storm of
wind and ram, winch compelled him to keep up
for two days and nights, by which lie took cold,
which caused an abscess sore on Ins hip, which
has so disabled him that ho cannot get about to
care a living.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
SHOVE CHASE.
A bill (H. R. No. 533) for the relief of Shove
Chase.
The hill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Shove Chase, of
New York, upon the invalid pension list, at the
rate of ei<Tht dollars per month, commencing on
the 1st of January, 185G, to continue during his
natural life.
It, appears from the report that Chase enh-ned
at Staten Island, m New \o;k, the 19th of De-
, oy 33enj - „ . , .
'■ parish) within said lines the quantity of one hun-
dred and seventy-seven and one third superficial
I; arpents, more or less." No action was ever
! taken by Congress upon this report. In 1844,
' ■ Conercss passed an act authorizing the settlement
:i of private land claims in Louisiana by judicial
I; proceedings before the United States courts, in
