1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
the mouth of the river to the Utah Pass at one of its head
springs, and at the immediate foot of the pass, the route
traced was one hundred and twenty-four miles,and the aver-
age grade thirty-six feet to the mile. From the mouth of the
river, the point of the White Oak Mountains, the distance
along the river valley is seventy-eight miles, and the aver-
age lall of the river twenty-two feet to the mile. Above
this point the river lies in anamphitheater of mountains,
but still preserves its broad bottoms and open valleys, the
face of the country well grassed, with open smooth ridges
and fiats among wooded summits and wooded ravines.
This character of country continued near to the veiy sum-
mits of the mountains, the grassy slopes reaching directly
up to the rock which makes the immediate crest of the range.
Here the river receives many small tnbuta^ies, and there
are many sheltered nooks and coves of the mountains beau-
tifully adapted for settlements; the soil fertile with runny
exposures, sheltered by the mountains from the prevailing
winds. Timber, in quality and size suitable for railroad
constructions and farming purposes, is abundant, many of
the trees squaring fully a foot; and coal is found in the
neighbonng mountains. This character of country extends
to over eight thousand feet in altitude ; above it, nearly to
ten thousand feet,grassesareabundantandnutritious. The
nutritious grasses and good and abundant waters and mild
climate would make that region peculiarly adapted for dairy
farms.
" The mountain climate is altogether more agreeable and
milder than in the open plains two hundred miles to the
eastward. The mountain ranges protect the country lying
along their base. On the open plains the snow falls deeper
and lies longer and the winter climate is usually much more
severe. On the IGth of December and near the mountain
summits, the weather was mild and pleasant, and, except
in the deep mountain ravines, the country was entirely free
from snow.
" On both sides of the valley, bordering ridges afford every
facility for easy development into the pass, which, at its
summit on the narrow backbone of the ridge, is nine thou-
sand four hundred feet above the sea. On the western side
the descent is very abrupt to the Del Norte waters, at an
elevation of eighthundred feet. At this place and about this
elevation, a tunnel through the ridge would be about athou-
sand yards m length. The development of the line would
probably increase the di&fance from the Arkansas perhaps
ten miles, and the resulting railway distance from the mouth
of the Huerfano to this point would be about one hundred
and thirty-five miles, upon an average giu.de of thirty-four
feet to the mile.
" From the Utah Pass to that of the Cochetope, the dis-
tance is-a little over one hundred miles. Following the
mountain foot around to the head of the San Luis valley,
the line enured, at an elevation of seven thousand six hun-
dred feet, the valley of the Sahwatch river, which makes
the approach to the Cochetope Pass in the main Rocky
Mountain range.
" From the San Louis valley to the immediate foot of the
pas?, at an elevation of nine "thousand eight hundred and
twenty feet, the distance is about forty miles, and the aver-
age grade fifty-five feet to the mile. From this point, a tun-
nel of two thousand yards would carry the line to a corres-
ponding elevation on the western side of the mountain, three
bundled and fifty feet below the summit, and near to which
our camp was pitched on the 14th December. Upon this
day the snow m the pass, newly fallen, was four inches
deep, and winter began regularly in the mountain region.
A few days since, there was nothing to remind the traveler
that he was approaching the summit line of a gieat moun-
tain chain which divides* the waters of a continent. The
grassy and wooded slopes and rounded summits, the mild
and open weather, the uncovered grasses, green in the pro-
longed sunshine of the Indian summer, were all unexpected
in the heart of a mountain region.
Fiom knowledge obtained upon the spot and fron re-
port, there are doubtless other passes better adapted to rail-
way purposes: hut our condition did not permit us to make
anv examination outside the line of travel.
"firieflv^heiesultsworkedoutinthejourneytothis place,
supported by a previous journey at the same season of the
year, go to show that the mountain regions exhibit no ex-
^laordmai-y naor of chmatp The autumns are prolonged
and open. Up to the middle of December, there had been
no snow either to impede travel, or to drive cattle fiom their
open range, or to render shelter for them necessary.
« With the exception of about one hundred and fifty miles
upon the high plains,orthe Arkansas river, the route is con-
tinuously wooded: but along the whole distance, pasturage
is excellent and abundant.
" In capacity to support population, in salubrity of climate
and fertility of soil, the Rocky Mountain ranges which the
line passed, are singular and exceptional. Singulai in the
great number of open, fertile valleys, and perhaps excep-
tional in the general availability and open character of the
country, and m the remarkably small proportion of lugged
and impracticable ground, when compared with European
and especially Asiatic mountains.
"The line is direct, and the inclinations easy; the heavier
grades together and continuous, and none heavy enough to
make snow an impediment upon the rails. Upon the whole
line, there are but two great obstructions, easily overcome
by moderate tunneling and lesser grades than are now m
use upon railways in England over which is pasting inces-
santly the largest traffic of the world.15
The most implicit reliance is due to the state-
ments which Colonel Fremont has here given to
the public, and on which he has here staked his
character. In all the surveys with which he has
covered the western half of oar continent, and
which have given him a renown throughout the
civilized world, and which have been scrutinized
by many men entirely competent to detect and ex-
pose an error, none have yet been able to detect
a flaw. He has since been indorsed by half the
nation, and it is not to be supposed that ho would
put forth a statement of which he did not feel per- :
fectly secure, and hazard that high reputation I
which he has so gloriously won and worn with a :
modesty so admirable. j
I desire now to contrast his work with that of .
Captain Gunnison, who reported this line <xs im-
practicable, and it must be evident th&t the latter
has committed an error, unpardonable, under the
circumstances, unless it can be accounted for
upon the supposition of his inexpencnce in rail-
road engineering. It is clear to me that hiserror
has arisen from this fact, and that m running his
line up the Huerfano, he has followed the water
level from the mouth of that river, (and the other
streams which he followed,) until ho came up to
the mountains themselves and found the grades
too precipitous to be practicable for a railroad, in-
stead of developing a route by working up grad-
ually on the high lands at the mouth of the river,
and thus averaging his grades through the whole
distance, from the mouth of the river to the high-
est crest of the pass by which the mountain range
was to be crossed. A man might as well attempt
to follow the water line of Niagura river, from
Lewistown to the great falls, with a railroad, and
mount the falls perpendicularly, instead of begin-
ning to develop the route by a gradual and easy
ascent from Lewistown, by which means a rail-
road has been actually constructed between the
points named, upon grades which were perfectly
practicable.
Captain Gunnison has either fallen into this
error,, or he has failed to find the pass in the moun-
tains which Fremont traversed, and therefore this
negative testimony of an officer, without experi-
ence in railroad engineering, of his inability to find
a pass, biased, too, as we may well conceive him
to have been, by the wishes of those who sent him,
should not be allowed to weigh against the direct
and affirmative testimony of a man of experience
as a railroad engineer, whose reputation stands as
high as that of any man upon this continent. I
assume, therefore, that the results which I have
read to the House, and which show that the
great dividing line of the continent can be passed
by a railroad upon a grade of fifty-five feet to the
mile, and which is less by about one half than
the grade to be overcome upon any other route,
is established by the most incontestable proof.
Beyond the Cochetope Pass, the country is diffi-
cult, but entirely practicable, as is shown by the
report of Colonel Fremont, published upon his
return from his last expedition. From this report
I make the following extract:
" Our progress in this mountainous region was necessarily
slow; and during ten days which it occupicd us to pass
through about one hundied miles of the mountainous coun-
try bordering the eastern side of the Upper Colorado valley,
the greatest depth of the snow was among the pines and
aspens on the lidgos. about two and a hall feet, and in the
valleys about six inches. Tne atmospheie is too cold and
diy for much snow,and the valleys, protected by the moun-
tains, are eompaiatively free from it, and warm. We here
found villages, of Utah Indians in their wintering ground,
in little valleys along the foot of the higher mountains, and
bordering the more open countiyof the Colorado valley.
Snow was here (December 25; onl> a few inches deep—the
grass generally appearing above it, and there being none
under trees and on southern hill sides.
" The horses of the Utahs were living on the range, and,
notwithstanding that they were used in hunting, were tn
excellent condition. One which we had occasion to kill for
food had on it about two inches of fat, being m as good order
as any buffalo we had killed in November on the eastern
plains. Over this valley country—about one hundred and
fifty miles across—the Indian* informed us that snow fall*
only a few inches m depth ; such as we saw it at the time.
"The immediate valley of the Upper Colorado for about
one hundred miles in breadth, and from the 7th to the 22d
January, was entnely bare of snow, and the weather re-
sembled that of auuunn ill this countiy. The line heic en-
teied the body of mountains known a^ the Wah-sateh and
An-ter-ria ranges, which are practicable at several places in
this part of their course ; but the failing snow and destitute
condition of my pauy again interieied to impede examina-
tions. They he between the Colorado valley and the Great
Basin, and at their western base are established the Mor-
mon settlements of Parowan and Cedar City. They arc
what are called fertile mountain*, abundant m vJ%ter, wood,
and gras^, and fertile valleys, offering inducements to settle-
ment and facilities for making a road. These mountains are
a great storehouse of materials—umber, non, coal—which
would be of indispeusable use m the construction and main-
tenance of the road, and are solid foundations to build up
the futuie prosperity of the rapidly-sncreasmg Utah State.
"Salt is abundant on the eastern bolder, mountain'?—as
the Sierrade Sal—bemgnamed from it. In the ranges lying
behind the Mormon settlements, among the mountains
through which the hnc passes, are accumulated a great
wealth of iron and coal, and extensive forest* of heavy tim*
bei. These forests are the largest I am acquainted with in
the Rocky Mountains, being in some places twenty miles
in depth, of continuous forest; the general growth lofty and
large, frequently over three feet in diameter, and some-
times reaching five feet—the red spruce and yellow pine
predominating. At the actual southern extremity of the
Mormon settlements, consisting of the two inclosed towns
of Parowan and Cedar City, near to which our line passed,
a <^)al mine ha<; been opened for about eighty yards, and
iron works already established. Iron here occurs m extra-
ordinary masses, in some parts accumulated into mountains,
winch comb out, m crests of solid iron, thirty feet thick and
a hundred yards long.
" (it passing through this bed of mountains, about four-
teen days had been occupied, from January 24 to February
7, the deepest snow we here encountered being about up to
the saddle skirts, or four feet; this occurring only in occa-
sional d t ills in the passes on northern exposures, and in the
famuli mountain flats hemmed in by woods and bills. In the
vallev it was sometimes a few inches deep, and as often
none' at all. On our arrival at the Mormon settlements,
February 8th, we found it a few inches deep, and were
there informed that the winter had been unusually long-
continued and severe, the thermometer having been as low
as 17® below zero, and acre snow having fallen than in aH
the previous winters together, since the establishment of
this colony.
'* At this season their farmers had usually been occupied
with their plows, preparing the land for gram.^
In a letter recently received from Colonel Fre-
mont, he expresses the belief that there are passes
through the main dividing ridge still better than
the Cochetope, and especially in reference to the
country beyond. He says:
" In this view a better line can be found, and quite as
direct, around the head of the San Luis valley, passing di-
rectly from the Arkansas waters to those of Grand river, or
from the San Luis valley more in the neighborhood of the
Cochetope, north or south of it.'5
And he inclined, in his own mind, to a line
southward, around the waters of the Eagle Tail,
a stream laid down in his map of 1848 as Eagle
river: this river being a large stream, and cutting
down into canons, while the higher country is
fertile, wooded, and grassy, with small streams,
unobstructed, and running through open ground.
I Among other reasons inclining him to this course,
he says:
"I had heard from Mr. Walker,and other mountain men,
who had been with trapping parties m the region of the
Lower Colorado, that the river was navigable for a very con-
siderable distance up from the mouth of the Gila. Walker
. said that he knew it to be navigable for at least one hundred
j and fifty miles above the mouth of the Gila. As the two
mam forks dram a mountain region of great extent, and
carrv down a large volume of water, I have thought it prob-
able" that the main river is navigable to our present means
of navigation, from their junction, which is a little north of
the thirty eighth parallel."
He remarks further, that—
"In crossing the country, the central route passes, in the
San Luis valley, a point which would become a center of
population, from which a railroad could be thrown down
through New Mexico, and where an interior city would grow
up. In passing the southern Mormon settlements—another
station foi way travel—there would he another such point.
If, now, the Colorado be navigable at thejunction, you see
at once what a reason and support it would give to the cen-
tral line. It would be like Pittsburg at the junction of the
i Monongahela and Alleghany—the Pittsburg of the Pacific,
i The head of navigation to a region of such great extent,
j crossed by a railroad uniting the two oceans, would certain-
i ly become a giand commercial point. If you will go to the
i trouble to look at the map to which I have referred you, and
i bear m mind that the true junction is above the thirty-eighth
i parallel, you will see that the idea has force. Beyond the
i Colorado, I judged from my examination thatth,ere is no
I serious impediment to carrying a railway hnc into the ba-
; sin. As to where the line should cross the basin, whether
' by the Humboldt river, or by the line of the Rio Virgin, or
I by an intervening line, must of course depend upon the point
| at which it shall be decided to cross the Sierra Nevada."
I For that division of the route which lies be-
| tweeivSan Francisco, crossing the Sierra Nevada,
1 and connecting with the line of Colonel Fremont,
j in the Great Basin, I submit the following letter
I from William J. Lewis, a railroad engineer of
; great eminence, who Was recently the chief engi-
1 necr of the proposed railroad from San Francisco
I to San Jose; in 1837, he was one of the first offi-
i cers m the survey of the proposed railroad from
! Charleston to Cincinnati, under General McNeill
| and Captain W. G. Williams. He had charge of
I one of the mountain divisions, and Fremont was
| in one of the divisions near him, making his first
i experience in engineering; it was here that Fre-
! mont made Lewis's acquaintance, in whose ability
' and experience he has the greatest confidence.
3a.n Francisco, September 29,1857.
Dear Sir: You may recollect that in conversation with
you on the steamer John L. Stebbms ! expressed an opin-
ion that a practicable route could be obtained for the Pacific
railroad crossing the Sierra Nevada at Johnson's Pass, near
the head of the south fork of the American river, in 1&>5,
Mr. Sherman Day made the locauonofa wagon road from
the vicinity of Placerville to Carey's mill, iu Carson, valley
