1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2481'
the duties as acting assistant commissary of sub-
sistence, and as such took charge of the Govern-
ment funds. The following affidavit, made and
sworn to by Lieutenant Langdon himself, details
the particulars of the robbery:
" On the morning of the 24th of October, be-
tween the hours of three and five, my iron safe
was opened by some person or persons, at present
unknown, and $1,176 66 ofpublicfunds, belong-
ing to the subsistence department of the United
States Army, stolen therefrom. The key of this
safe I always kept in my possession in my trunk,
and the trunk key I earned with me. As soon
as I heard of the robbery, I opened my trunk and
found the safe key there. I always opened and
closed the safe myself.
"The safe had been formerly kept in the quarter-
master's building, but, not deeming it secure there,
I had itremoved to the office, a small room in front
of the commissary store-house. This building is
about five rods from the guard-house, with the
office windows and door nearest the office looking
out on the most frequented part of the garrison.
The office door is an inner one. The store-house
is under charge of the guard, and the sentinel on
No. 1 walks within a few feet of the office, and
in front of it. On the morning of the robbery,
about one o'clock, a fire broke out in Brownsville,
which is near Fort Brown. The fire, distant from
the guard-house about thirty-five rods, raged so
violently that it was deemed essentia! to the safety
of the town to send the troops to aid the citizens.
By order of the commanding officer, the whole
command, with the exception of the guard, was
absent, and the garrison, therefore, unusually ex-
posed to the numerous thieves in the vicinity.
The garrison and town of Brownsville have so j
often been the scenes of robberies, that unusual i
precautions have to be taken against thieves. I
mention this to show what a bad neighborhood
this is for the security of property. Scarcely a
week passes without a lobbery being committed
in the town.
"Disbursing officers at this post have three
times before been robbed, and in spite of senti-
nels almost at their very doors. The officers'
quarters have been entered, and their property
stolen. During the fire, ninety-five kegs of pow-
der exploded, increasing the excitement by the
loss of several valuable lives, and materially in-
juring all the buildings in the vicinity. In the gar-
rison, the doors and windows of the different store-
houses were violently thrown open ill spite of iron
fastenings. The thieves took advantage of the fa-
cilities afforded by the explosion, and the absence
of the whole command at the fire, to rob mo. The
guard, perhaps, unconsciously partaking of the
general excitement, had their attention drawn off
their duty in some degree. The command saved
the town by working at the fire till daylight, and
thus for six hours the garrison was almost unten-
anted. Every precaution, with the means fur-
nished me by Government, was taken by me to
secure the property intrusted to my care.
" 1 had removed the safe from the place where ,
it had been formerly kept by an officer in charge I
of it, not deeming it secure, and placed it in the j
office, where the sergeant could sleep by it, and ;
where the office'in which it was placed would be |
under the eyes of theguard. The only night the 1
sergeant left it was the night of the fire; and then j
only at intervals to work with the rest of the ;
command. During one of these intervals, the
money was taken. As I always kept the key m
my own possession, the thieves could not have
obtained an impression from it."
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
DAVID Rl'CLURE.
A bill (H. R. No. 571) for the relief of David
McClure, administrator of Joseph McClure, de-
ceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the 1 roasury
to pay to David McClure, administrator of j oseph
McClure, deceased, the sum of sU07 64 out of
any money m theTreasury not otherwise appio-
pnated; it being the amount of inteiest cohcctcd
from Joseph McCluie, m his lifetime, on a judg-
ment in favOr of the United States Government, ,
which it was afterwards ascertained McClure did
not properly owe, and the amount of whicn judg-
ment has been previously refunded to him by
Congress.
Itappears from the report, that Joseph McClure,
as paymaster in the United States Army, received
money to pay off his regiment; that ho did pay
the regiment, but that the vouchers for such pay-
ment were destroyed by fire at Buffalo; that the
Government brought suit against the said McClure
and his sureties for the sum of money for which
he could show no vouchers, on account of their
having been destroyed, and recovered the same;
that one of his sureties was cognizant of the fact
that the money \vas paid to the regiment; but,
being a party defendant to the suit, his evidence
was not admissible, which enabled the Govern-
ment to carry the suit against them. Since that
time, McClure reimbursed his sureties the amount
recovered against them, and his administrator now
petitions Congress to allow the estate the sum of
the judgment paid, amounting to §551 36, with
interest from the date of the payment.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
HENRY HUBBARD.
An act (S. No. 123) for the relief of Henry Hub-
bard.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out the interest portion of the bill.
Mr. GOODWIN. The interest here is allowed
on well-settled principles of Government. This
balance was admitted to be due, at the Treasury
Department, and it is only asked that interestshall
be paid from that time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
by striking out that portion of the bill.
The question was taken; and the amendment j
was disagreed to. j
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the i
(bill.
j Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order for the gen-
; tlcman to make*, that objection now?
J The CHAIRMAN. It is. The bill has not
i passed from the committee.
I LEWIS W. BROADWELL.
j A bill (H. R. No. 572) for the relief of Lev/is
' W. Broadwell.
! The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
I pay to Lewis W. Broadwell, out of any money in
theTreasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
' of §12,938, it being in fullcompensation for trans-
! porting the United States mails, in steamboats,
! from Vicksburg, Mississippi, to Grand Lake, Ar-
il kansas, from the 4th of September, 1854, to the
I; 17th of April, 1857, at the rate of §5,000 per an-
I num.
From the report, itappears that Captain Broad-
well, ill 1854, being in command uf the steamboat
P. H. ICimball, plying as a regular packet be-
' tween New Orleant and other points on the Mis-
I sissippi river, as far up as Grand Lake, m Arkan-
sas, and finding that the residents at many landings
and towns between Vicksburg and Grand Lake
were without the means of mail communication,
did, at the request and urgent solicitation of the
residents at the points mentioned, and for their
accommodation and convenience, take on board
hiS steamer and transport mails and mail matter,
delivered to him for that purpose by the postmps-
teis of Vicksburg, MiHikcn's Bend, Brunswick
Point, Pecan Giove, Tullula, Lake Providence,
Ash ton, and Princeton; and that he generally paid
the drayage on the mails to and from his steamer
to the post office at Vicksbuig, received and de-
< livered there. This service was continued, witli-
i out intermission, from the 4th ofSeptcmber, 18;>4,
j to the 17th of April, 1857, when it was given up,
! and the Post Office Department employed Cap-
tain Porterfieid, extending his contract to Napo-
leon. This service, Captain Broadwell alleges,
! was performed " under the employment of the
: postmasters at Vicksburg, Grand Lake, and the
' intermediate offices," but there being no contract
with the Government, the Post Office Department
is without authority to compensate him, and he
asks remuneration at the hands of Congress.
: The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
' House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
| XfASAi-I AND BREWSTER.
A bill (H. Pi.. No. 57.'?) for the relief of Thomas
Hasam and B. S. Brewster.
j The bill requires the Secretary of the Treas-
J ury to audit and settle the accounts of Thomas
i Iiasam and B. S. Brewster, for services as in-
spectors of hulls and boilers at New Orleans, in
Louisiana, and to allow them the irregular com-
pensation from the date of theirappointment as if
they had been sworn and properly .qualified.
The petitioners, as appears by thereport, were
appointed inspectors.of hulls and boilers, on tfte
3d of December, 1852, under the ninth section of
the act of Congress approved August 20, 1852.
They immediately entered upon the discharge of
their official duties, but neglected taking the oath
required of them until the 12th of May, 1S53.
The supervising inspector testifies: " That on the
3d of December, 1852, Thomas Hasam and B. S.
Brewster were designated as inspectors of hulls
and boilers, and that immediately after their des-
ignation they went to work m discharge of the
duties of the offices to which they had been des-
ignated, by preparing steamboats for inspection
and other preliminary work." This statement is
sworn to by Mr. P. II. Skipwith, supervising in-
spector. The Treasury circular of July 20, 1829,
says: " Compensation cannot be allowed until
these requisitions (oath of office) are complied
with." The account of petitioners was therefore
rejected for the services rendered from December
3 to May 12, following, and it is for this compen-
sation they now ask.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
QUIETING LAND TITLES IN MAINE.
A bill (H. R, No. 574) to provide'for quieting
certain land titles in the late disputed territory in
the State of Maine, and for other purposes. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
GEORGE A. O'BRIEN. •
An act (S. No. 92) for the relief of George A
O'Brien.
The bill directs that there be allowed and paid,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriate!!, to George A. O'Brien, tor his ser-
\ices as clerk in the office of the Second Auditor,
from the 5th of July, 1845, to the 3d of March,
1846, the sum of $549 33.
| No objection being made, the bill waslaid aside
I to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
j tion that it do pass.
j RUFUS DWINEL.
! All act (S. No. 189) for the relief of Rufus
Dwtnel.
j The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
i to cause to be paid to Rufus Dvvinel, out of any
i money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
i ated, the sum of 5,11,748 03, being for interest, at
! the rate of six per centum per annum, on the sum
; of §13,037 72, from the 4th of March, 1837, when
. I the latter sum was due from the United States to
^ said Dwinel's assignor, to March 11, 1852, when
|l an appropriation was made for its payment,
ii Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe this bill
1 is all wrong. I suppose the person named in this
bill wjiiS sued by the Government, and when the
jury returned a verdict, they returned it against
j. the Government, which, I presume, they had no
;! authority to do. But with the understanding that
; the yens and nays are to be ordered upon it in the
!; House, [ will not object to its being reported to
ii the II,rase, though I shall vote against it. [Cries
i of " Agreed."]
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
jj House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
J ROBERT A. DAVIDGE.
I A bill (II. R. No. 575) for the relief of Robert
A. Davidge.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
" to pay to Robert A. Davidge §118 90, outofany
< money in the Tieasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, in full for his services as a temporary clerk
' in the office of the First Comptroller of the Tieas-
! ury from March 26 to April 30, 1S57.
The ieport states that the claimant was era-
i1 ployed in the office of the Tirst Comptroller of the
i: Treasury, by the order of the Secretary of the
j: Treasury, as a temporary cieik, for thirty-six
:! days, at the rate of pay of $1,200 per annum. The
;; act of 1842 prohibits the employment oi temporary
Ii clerks during the recess of Congress, except for
'' specified purposes therein named; and. hence Mr,
! Davidge was refused his pay, though the Fust
i Comptroller, Mr. Whittlesey, certified that he per-
i formed the duties. The claimant unquestionably
! performed the service, and is entitled to the pay,
I amounting to $118 90.
