2438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
JONAS P. KELLER.
An act (S. No. 67) for the relief of Jonas P.
Keller. _
The bill directs that §750 be allowed and paid,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Jonas P, Keller, in full for his
services as a watchman or overseer of the exec-
utive building at the corner of F and Seventeenth
streets,from the 1st of April, 1849, to the 30th of
September, 1850.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
DOUGLASS OTTINGER.
A bill (H. R. No. 576) for the relief of Captain
Douglass Ottinger.
The bill directs that there be paid to Captain
Douglass Ottinger, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, $10,000, in full
compensation for the use of his invention of the
life or surf car by the United States, and also to
enable him further to test the practicability of
adapting1 such car to the rescuing of passengers
and crews during violent gales at sea.
The reportstates that Captain Douglass Ottinger,
of the United States revenue service, represents
that he is the sole inventor of the machine known
as the life or surf car, and that it was the first
invention whereby persons could be safely con-
veyed through heavy breaking waves from strand-
ed vessels to the'shore. He submits that he has
voluntarily placed his invention at the life-saving
stations of the United States, subject to the free
use of the Government, unrestricted by patent
rights. He asks some remunerative compensa-
tion for the labor and expense which the inven-
tions have cost him, and also something, in addi-
tion, to enable him to test practically, at sea, its
adaptation to rescue passengers and crews during
violent gales.
The committee were satisfied that Captain Ot-
tinger is the original inventor of the life or surf
car, and that he has devoted the same to the use
of the United States, and that the Government is
now using them at fifty-two different stations on
the coast. The evidence before the committee
was conclusive as to the great value of the inven-
tion of Captain Ottingeras a means of saving life.
The present Secretary of the Treasury, the Hon.
Howell Cobb, in answer to a letter from the com-
mittee, says 'Mr. has proved of incalculable value
in the saving of human life;" and he mentions (he
case of the wreck of the ship Ayishirc, on the
Jersey coast, (when it was impossible for any
boat to reach her in consequence of the heavy
surf rolling in upon the beach,) where, by means
of this invention, every on£ on board was saved
—men, women, and children, and even infants in
their mothers' arms. As Captain Ottinger, with
a laudable public spirit, has, for many years,
devoted his valuable invention to the use of the
United States, and has received no compensation
therefor, the committee deemed his claim for some
remuneration not unreasonable.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the liouse, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
JOHN M'NIEL.
An act (S. No. 100) releasing to the legal rep-
resentatives of John McNiel, deceased, the title
of the United States to a certain tract of land.
Mr. COBB. This bill was ordered to be re-
ported back from the Committee on Public Lands.
Since it was reported, some facts have come to
light which probably would change tho views of
the committee. I therefore object to it.
We are now through with the Calendar, I be-
lieve, and I desire to atone for a little piece of
folly which I was guilty of some time since.
Under a state of excitement, I objected to two
House bills, (Nos. 447 and 448,) without even
hearing the reports read. I acknowledge the
folly,and ask leave of the committee to withdraw
the objection I made to those bills.
Mr. GROW. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Alabama that we go back upon the
Calendar to bill No. 367, and take up those bills !
which did not have a proper consideration. :
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I trust we shall now
turn back and begin at the head of the Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide
that as the regular course of proceeding, unless
the committee determine to rise.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the committee
rise and report the bills to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope we will
rise, for we have been here long enough for one
day.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Al-
abama asks the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee to withdraw his objection to two cases
which he has indicated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to going
back. Let us go to the head of the Calendar if
you want to go through it again.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask unanimous consent to
withdraw ray objection to Senate bill (No. 73)
authorizing Mrs. Jane Smith to enter certain
lands m the State of Alabama.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee objects to going back. The committee
having refused to rise, the Chair will now order
the Clerk to begin at the commencement of the
Calendar.
Mr. MILLSON. I move that the committee
rise and report the bills; and I ask for tellers on
that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jewett and
Clemkxs were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes severny-nine, noes not counted.
lo the motion was agreed to. j
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washbrune, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of theWhole House
had, according to order, had the Private Calendar
under consideration, and had directed him to re-
port sundry bills to the House, some with and
some without amendments, with a recommenda-
tion that they do pasa; also sundry adverse re-
ports from the Court of Claims, with a mcom-
mendation that some of them be concurred in and
others be referred to the Committee of Claims.
D. O. DICKINSON.
Mr. CHAFFEE obtained the floor. '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
permission of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
1 desire to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to discharge the Committee of the Whole
House from the further consideration of House
bill (No. 44G) for the lehef of D. O. Dickenson,
a constituent of mine, It is a hill to pay him
$108 75 for services rondeied in connection with
keeping a light in Wnukegan hatbor.
There being no objection, the Committeeof the
Whole House was discharged fiom the further
consideration of the bill, and it was brought be-
fore the House to be considered with the bills re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House.
PRIVATE BILLS REPORTED BACK.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I now demand the previous
question on the bills. "
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is ono bill
there, Senate bill (No. 189) for tho relief of Ru-
fus Dwmel, which was reported to the House with
the understanding that a separate vote should be
had upon it by yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. If thcie be no objection, tho
Chair will propound the question to the House,
on seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion upon alt the bills. The bills will then be re-
ported, and gentlemen can indicate those upon
which they desire separate votea.
Mr. GROW. I think there is only one such
bill.
The SPEAKER Is there any other bill upon
which a separate vote is desired ?
Mr. COBiL I should like to have a separate
vote on bill (No. 504) for the relief of Elizabeth ,
McBrier, surviving child and heir of Colonel Arch- ,
ibald Lnughry, deceased,
j Mr. UNDERWOOD, As we passed along the
I Calendar to-day many bills were read which 1 did
not feel disposed to object to. I thought they were
worthy of consideration, and did not like to ob-
struct their consideration by a single objection. I
do, however, desire n separate vote upon those
hills, and I desire to make the motion indicated !
by the Chair, that the bills be read over to-mor- '
row, and any gentleman who desires a separate
vote can ask for it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That will
cut off all the bills remaining on the Calendar.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. As it is suggested that
it will retard the progress of business, I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. GROESBECK. Objection was made to-
day to the bill for the relief of William Rich, but
the gentleman who made it afterwards offered to
withdraw it. I now ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
that bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman from Ohio that if this is the case of
the late charge to Mexico, I should have objected
to it, if his colleague had not.
Mr. STANTON. I would suggest that the titles
of the bills be read, and let gentlemen indicate
such as they demand a separate vote upon.
The SPEAKER. If it is the pleasure of the
House, the previous question will be seconded
upon all the bills in gross. The titles will then
be read,and separate votes can be taken upon such
bills as gentlemen may designate.
Mr. STANTON. I think that will be the best
course.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the previous guestion
should be seconded upon all the bills to-night, the
House could then adjourn, and gentlemen would
have time over night to examine the bills, and bo
piepared in the morning to indicate such bills as
they desire separate votes upon.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to say that I objected
in committee to House bill (No. 362) for the re-
lief of Mrs. Mary Ann Henry, because the pen-
sion of fifty dollars per month is more than is al-
lowed to officers of the same grade by law. I
understand that the gentleman having charge of
the bill is willing to take thirty dollars per month,
with the understanding that that amendment shall
be made. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The previous question was then seconded, and
tho main question ordered to be put, upon all the
bills reported.
Mr. GARNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Virginia to allow us to pass such of the bills re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House
as there is no objection to, and then we can act^
upon the others to-morrow morning.
Mr. HOUSTON. The objection to that is, that
I cannot toll what bills to designate, as those upon
which I desire a separate vote, without taking
some time to look over the list. If the House
should now adjourn we should then have time to
look over the list and be prepared to act upon
them understandingiy to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman objects to my
proposition, of course I cannot piess it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If we ad-
journ without acting upon these bills to-night,
we shall take up a great part of the day to-mor-
row with them, and shall do great injustice to
the remainder of the cases on the Private Cal-
endar. If gentlemen have attended to the prog-
ress of business in committee to-day, they do
not need additional time to look over the lists to
see what bills they want a separate vote upon.
I think we ought "to go through with these bills
to-night, and then we can to-morrow go over
;igam with that part of the Calendar which has
heretofore been passed over.
Mt. GARNETT. I will withdraw my mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. It striken me that the most
satisfactory mode of getting along with this busi-
ness is to read over these hills to-night, and then
m the morning indicate upon what ones a sepa-
rate vote is desired. I take it, that if we under-
take to pass these bills through to a vote to-night,
we shall be likt ly to have the yeas and nays three
times where we'should have them but once in the
morning.
Then, sir, I see nothing in tho objection of my
friend from Kentucky, about this remaining cases
on the Calendar. To-morrow is not objection
day; it is debating day, and you must either pass
over those which give rise to debate, and which will
give dissatisfaction to those gentlemen who desire
to dispose of such bills, or you must take them
