426
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Exposition of the Kansas Conference Att—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
"forever!" for a full consideration accorded to
the slave power. And when that pledge was
broken, in violation of all good faith, another was
made—'to leave the people free to decide. They
have decided for freedom,- emphatically, almost
unanimously. And then comes this act of Con-
gress, saying to the people of Kansas: "no mat-
ter for your decision; you can come in as a slave
State, or you shall not be admitted! " The time
may come when these instructions in congression-
al non-intervention may x'eturn to plague the in-
ventors; when the discrimination will be against
slavery, and in favor of freedom.
The offer contained in this act has no prece-
dent or parallel. The only thing at all resem-
bling it occured more than eighteen hundred years
ago. When Satan tempted our Savior, and of-
fered Him all the lands they beheld from the top
of "an exceeding high mountain," if He would
fall down and worship him, he made very
much such an offer as this act makes to the peo-
ple of Kansas, if they will fall down and worship
slaviry. But to give the Devil his due, he had
not the impudence to couple with it any promised
revenge in case it was refused, such as this act
provides! This proposition far outdoes that in its
meanness and malignity. The penalty enacted for
non-acceptance is more oppressive and tyrannical
a hundred fold, than even the proffered bribe!
Take it all in all, it is the most infamous proposition
ever adopted by any legislative assembly ! The
most insulting one ever submitted to any people
who claimed to be free !
V. Section second is a master-piece of ingenuity
in devising ways and means to render certain the
success of the Lecompton constitution and of sla-
very, at the election provided for; if not by the
votes of the people, at least by the returns of the
officers, who are to be put in charge, with full
power to accomplish that purpose.
It provides that the Governor, Secretary, and
District Attorney—nil appointed by the President
—and the Speaker of the House, and President of
the Council, shall be a board of commissioners
under the act; any three of whom shall constitute
a board; and that this partisan pro-slavery board,
appointed by the President, shall have power—
1. To establish new precincts for voting.
2. To cause polls to be opened at such places
as it may deem proper, in the counties and elec-
tion precincts.
3. To appoint three judges of election at each
place of voting, any two of whom may act.
4. To appoint such persons as they may deem
proper, in'the place of the sheriffs and their dep-
uties, to preserve peace and good order.
5. To appoint the day of holding said election.
6. To prescribe the time of said election.
7. To prescribe the manner of said election.
8. To prescribe the places of said election.
9. To direct the time within which returns
must be made.
10. To declare the result of said election.
Unlimited powers, without any appeal or re-
view !
By the organic act, the people were to be left
perfectly free to form their own constitution in
their own way. There was to be no intervention
by Congress or by the President. The President
has no right to appoint any of the officers of elec-
tion in any organized State or Territory, or any
board to appoint them, and never should be al-
lowed to do so. It is intervention, and most
improper intervention. These are local officers,
'chosen and qualified according to law, and with
whom the President has no right to interfere.
Why are these officers all removed, and this power
to appoint them taken out of the hands of the
People and given to the President? Is it that he
may fill their places with such men as Calhoun ?
Can any other reason be rendered ? The people
have a right to appoint these officers. And no
Jaw giving this authority to the President was
ever before devised or enacted.
It is true, the Crittenden amendment provided
for a board of commissioners, composed of the
Governor, Secretary, President of the Council,
and Speaker—two of them appointed by the Pres-
ident, and two elected by the people. But the
reason for that was because the free-State party,
having all the officers of election, (rightfully, for
they had the majority,) and desiring no fraud,
offered this to the other party as a pledge of fair-
ness at the election. It was like the law of New
York, which requires the Inspectors of election
to be elected equally from the different parties—
each holding a cheek upon the other. This the
free-State party offered, to remove all suspicion of
an unfair party board. This board is not made
up in that manner. Three out of five are ap-
pointed by the President, and three are declared
a board. The board is therefore appointed by
the President, who represents the minority, or the
pro-slavery party, in Kansas, and is their most
willing and willful confederate ! The two others
have no power; they need not be consulted or no-
tified! This act places, therefore, in the hands
of three men, appointed by the President, the
power of selecting ever^r judge and officer of elec-
tion in Kansas, the power of fixing its future des-
tiny, by declaring it entitled to admission as a
slave State! (But not as a free State, for fear of
some unlucky accident!) Can any one doubt the
result ? Knowing what has been done in Kansas;
knowing that fraud, forggry, perjury, and murder,
have all been committed there to establish slavery,
is there any reason to doubt they will be again
resorted to, if necessary, in this last effort? Is
there any reason to doubt that enough forged and
false returns will be made to secure its triumph at
this election ? In December nearly-3,000 fictitious
votes were returned from four precincts, merely
to keep in practice, and make up a show, when no
votes were given by the other party. Now, with
every means for cheating given by this act, and the
strongest motives for fraud, will these same men
become suddenly honest against all temptation?
Congress never before interfered with any State
or Territory having election districts and voting
precincts established by law; Judges, and Officers
of election, and Sheriffs chosen and qualified ac-
cording to law; to annul the laws, change the
precincts, and remove the officers; allowing the
President to appoint m their places three unscrupu-
lous partisan commissioners, removable and change-
able at his will, with full and unlimited power,
to appoint all the Judges, Officers of election,
Sheriffs, &c.; establish precincts and places for
voting; to aid their party m any way they please;
to do in all things as they please, control the
whole matter, make what rules they please, admit
or reject what votes or returns they please, decide
as they please, and declare the result; giving to
them, as to this election, absolute, unlimited
power; answerable to no one, accountable to no
one; and without the slightest check or restraint
imposed !
It is said unscrupulous partisans will not be
appointed. No others can be, or will be, appointed
under this Administration. It is morally impos-
sible. In all this matter the most reckless leaders
of a desperate faction have been the advisers of the
President. Infatuated and obstinate, he will listen
only to them. " None are so blind as those that
will not see, or so deaf as those that will not hear."
The favored appointees of the President have all
been men like Calhoun and Lecompte, the worst
of pro-slavery partisans. When any man is found
to be honest, he is removed. Honesty is a dis-
qualification; for that Geary, Walker, and Stan-
ton were removed ! If an office-holder tells the'
truth when under oath as a witness, it is sufficient
cause for removal; for that Dennis was removed !
Will the people of Kansas maintain their rights
like freemen, or submit like slaves ? If they will
surrender their principles, their independence,
their inherent and inalienable right of self-govern-
ment, promised to them by the organic act, and
guarantied to all by the Constitution, they are of-
fered a large reward, and immediate admission?
If they will not submit to this degrading dicta-
tion; if they dare to maintain their own opinions,
and to prefer freedom to slavery, pains and pen-
alties are"provided, and a severe punishment in-
flicted. They are left perfectly free to do—as the
slave power commands ! Free to decide for them-
selves between liberty and slavery ! But slavery
established in the Territory by Congress, shall
be established as a State institution ! Free to form
their own constitution—but they must adopt the
one framed at Lecompton, or none ! Free to accept
slavery, but not to reject it! They may be ad-
mitted as a slave State, but not as a free State !
Even the bogus convention allowed a choice be-
tween two pio-slavery constitutions! This act
allows no choice! It insults the people of Kan-
sas by demanding submission to that very consti-
tution upon which they have placed the seal of
their condemnation !
The people of Kansas will not be seduced by
the promised reward, or intimidated by the threat
of punishment; they will scorn the one and defy
the other. But the people of Kansas cannot con-
trol the tools the pro-slavery party will prompt
the President to use, or the judges and officers of
election that will be appointed! And it is by
/ramithat this " proposition" will be declared ac-
cepted, and Kansas admitted as a slave State; and
that is the design ! And mark the prediction: Cal-
houn will now declare the pro-slavery State offi-
cers, and perhaps Legislature, elected, contrary
to the truth, as certified by Governor Denver. It
will all aid in the intended purpose of this Admin-
istration and of the slave Democracy—thai of forcing
slavery upon the people of Kansas!
Let us examine in detail the powers of this pro-
slavery board, imposed by this act upon & free
people, to appoint their local officers without their
consent, after removing those legally appointed
by them.
1. To establish new precincts and places of voting!
This they may do at any time, or m any manner,
and without any notice. On the morning of elec-
tion every precinct may be changed, and the polls
opened in any remote corner, or cabin. And not
a free-State voter need he informed where he can
vote, or towards what point of the compass he
must direct his steps to find the polls ! What a
splendid chance for Delaware Crossing returns!
And all according to law!
2. To cause polls to be opened at such places as they
may deem proper! Under this act, polls may be
opened in any back room of this extended and
thinly-settled Territory , and votes returned to any
amount. What a coaxing invitation to a few bor-
der ruffians, with a Directory, is here extended,
and perfect protection given by law !
3. To appoint three judges of election, any two
of whom may act! By this, the legal judges and
officers of election are displaced, and these com-
missioners may appoint others—they will appoint
partisans, of course—to do any part of this work
they may hestitate to do themselves. This is the
intention. It will be strange if they cannot find,
among the border-ruffians of Kansas, at least two
men in each precinct willing to do anything ne-
cessary for the triumph of slavery. Judges of
election must be men of some character to hold
the place. But these temporaryjudges, who hold
office only for a single day and for a specific pur-
pose, will be those who are the most reckless and
who will do the most to accomplish the result de-
sired by the appointing power!
4. To displace the sheriffs and their deputies, and
appoint others to preserve lite peace! This is rather
strong. It probably will admit of a military force,
to act as aposse comitatus, to vote and to keep away
free-State voters. The border-ruffians of Kansas
have an instinctive fear of sheriffs and their depu-
ties ! This act respects their prejudices !
5. 6, 7, and 8. To fix the day for election, and to
prescribe the time, manner, and places of election !
This power is unlimited in every respect. No
notice of the day of election need be given; or
if given, they judge what is sufficient notice.
Nothing is fixed by law; everything is left to then-
discretion, that they may act as circumstances
may require. So as to each of the other provisions
as to the time, manner, and places of election.
The power of establishing new places of voting
is deemed so essential that it is twice enumerated !
9. To fix the lime for the return of the votes! This
is also left to their discretion. It may be fixed so
short as to exclude the returns from all the inte-
rior and western counties, where the free-State
vote is nearly unanimous. Half the returns may
be excluded under this act, just as half the coun-
ties were disfranchised under the registry law.
10. To announce the result! Again, at their dis-
cretion, after rejecting such returns as they hold
are not properly made, or not in time, and such
votes as they call illegal for any reason, or with-
out any reason, they can do as Calhoun did, de-
