428
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
35th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
hardy pioneers found their way to the Pacific
coast by the waters of two oceans, and across the
isthmus, at great expense, not simply of money,
but of health, and oftentimes of life.
Eight years ago, when the cry of California
gold gave such an impulse to emigration, Cali-
fornia was regarded as worthless as an agricul-
tural State. It was predicted of her that but little
of her land was arable; that there would be severe
droughts, which would always make her crops
uncertain; that she was worth little or nothing,
except for the miner. Rut still our people went
there; they became acquainted with the country;
they became acquainted with the climate; and
California stands forth this day confessed a great
agricultural community. Her wealth consists
not so much in her mines as in her rich and re-
munerative soil. If you will examine the records
of the Land Office, among the slopes of the Sierra,
which, but a short time since, was supposed to
be, and simply fit to be, the home of the grizzly
bear and the California lion, you will find rich
agricultural tracts adapted to settlement and occu-
pation. The land surveys have shown that Cal-
ifornia, east of the Sierra, the western portion
of the Great Basin, is arable, and will reward cul-
tivation. In all portions of Cajiforniathe cereals
and vegetables thrive well, an'd she now invites
people to her borders, more by her agricultural
resources than by her mineral wealth.
Go further north, go to the Oregon of song, and
to the present Oregon ind "Washington. That
country, was regarded as a magnificent country,
not in its resources, but in its scenery.- There
was the beautiful Oregon winding its way to the
ocean; there were the snow-capped Cascades, the
Blue and thte Rocky Mountains inviting admira-
tion by the grandeur of their scenery. But an
agricultural, a grazing community—a communi-
ty having large resources, it was not admitted to
be. Oregon is now seeking admittance into the
Union as a sovereign State,glorying m her eighty
thousand people, with a well-ordered population,
and a well-settled country—a country having
great wealth in her soil; great wealth in her tim-
ber; great wealth in her genial and delightful cli-
mate.
If I go further north to Washington, why it is
but a few years since—within the last four or five
years—Washington has been regarded as a ta-ra
incognita. Puget Sound was almost unknown. It
was frequently confounded with Nootlca Sound.
It was supposed to be some far-off body of water,
lying somewhere under the arctic circle. Yet
there we have Puget Sound, and the country west
of the Cascade Mountains, in Washington Ter-
ritory, equaling the State of New York, almost,
in extent, having two thuds the area of the State
of New York, and, in proportion to her area,
having as much arable land, and having a cli-
mate as mild m the winter as the climate of the
Carolinas. We have that splendid and capacious
Puget Sound, the most magnificent roadstead on
the shores of all the oceans, with her sixteen hun-
dred miles of shore-line, and her numerous har-
bors, defensible, land-locked, and commodious.
We have oil the shores of that sound a forest
growth which will supply the markets of all the
ports of the Pacific with lumber, and the navies
of the earth with spars, for all time to come. The
Territory is rich in coal, and m the fisheries of her
coast—fisheries of cod, halibut, and salmon. If we
go east of the Cascade Mountains, cither in Ore-
gon or Washington, we come there to a delight-
ful pastoral and agricultural country, inviting not
only the grazier and the wool-grower, but the
husbandman. I suppose that, within the limits
of our Union, there is no portion of the country
where wool-growing will be so profitable as it
will be on the interior plains of these two Terri-
tories. In southern Oregon 8nd northern Wash-
ington there are extensive and rich gold fields.
Thus, that country, which was supposed to be
Bjtnply a country for miners and for a few traders,
is this day a country of great agricultural capa-
city,as well as of great mineral wealth. Its min-
eral wealth I have not dwelt upon, becauso H is '
known of all men. The lumbering and timber 1 j
need not do more than merely allude to, as I have !
done. On another branch of the subject, I shall i
come back to Puget Sound and San Francisco, in !
connection with the trade of the Pacific, and I |
shall then take occasion to present some more ob-
servations in regard to their resources.
We will now examine, for a few moments,
the interior. I recollect that years ago, when I
first gave my attention to the interior, the impres-
sion was made upon' my mind by the narratives
of the trappers (and that impression has been
made generally on the public mind) th^t the in-
terior was worthless and uninhabitable. I wish
to redeem the interior from this reproach. I de-
sire to present the interior as it is in the light of
exploration, and to show that it can be occupied
and is habitable. I do not approach the subject
as a sectional man or as the partisan of a route,
but looking to the whole interior, from the thirty-
second to the forty-ninth parallel.
I will commence my observations about the in-
terior at the thirty-second parallel—the parallel
of the Gila and its tributaries. It has been de-
scribed in former reports, and especially in the
narratives of the trappers, as a barren, sandy, des-
ert waste, utterly incapable of occupation and ut-
terly incapable of supporting a civilized commu-
nity. But as exploring parties passed over it,
arable tracts were developed, timber was found,
and the admission was at last made that on this
barren and desert route oases were to be found,
and that there was here a place and there a place
which invited not to repose, but to the occupation
of the country by our hardy people.
But as the matter has become more fully de-
veloped, we find that the country changes its
aspect entirely; not that there is not much land
which is uncultivable, not that there are not tracts
of sand, not that there is not here and there a con-
siderable space without water, but we find a con-
siderable area of arable land all through on that
route; and we find, from the reliable explorations
made by Mr. Gray, in 1853-54, that on what was
called a desert there is most delightful grazing
during a portion of the year. Those who have
read the admirable memoir of Lieutenant Mowry,
the Delegate from Arizona—a gentleman I have
known long, and known to be entirely reliable—
are astonished to ascertain the condition of that
country in a pastgeneration. One hundred or one
hundred and fifty years ago, when there was some-
thing of force and vigor left in the Government of
Mexico, when their hero priests went northward,
carrying civihvation in their train, we find that
the country was occupied by a farming popula-
tion, and especially by a mining population. They
had their silver mines by the dozen, and their re-
ligious establishments for the improvement of the
people in considerable numbers. To be sure they
had in part to resort to irrigation; but still there
is evidence that a very considerable population
occupied that country, and that there was consid-
erable land in the hands of the husbandman. I
have seen a most reliable report recently, from
Colonel Bonneville. 1 have known Colonel Bon-
'neviile on the fields of Mexico and on the waters
of the Oregon, and I have crossed his track in the
exploration of the continent. He has the fit con-
ditions of an observer. He is a man of clear ob-
servation, a man who has a spirit which seeks to
grasp any field that is brought under his observa-
tion. In this report he describes the northern
tributaries of the Gila and their agricultural capa-
cities; and he states that each of these tributaries
will support an agricultural population of twenty
thousand souls.
Thus much in regard to the southern portion of
the interior, for the purpose of redeeming it from
the reproach cfbeing a barren, sandy waste, unfit
for the purposes of civilized man. I do not pro-
pose to dwell particularly upon the railroad route
of the thirty-second parallel, or upon that of the
thirty-fifth parallel surveyed by Lieutenant Whip-
ple. The merits of the route of the thirty-fifth
parallel, and of the country bordering it, have been
thoroughly developed in the reports of the explo-
rations.. There is no more reliable officer than
Lieutenant Whipple. Since Whipple has passed
over that route, we have learned more of it by
subsequent explorations. The recent trip of Lieu-
tenant Beale, in mid-winter, with his camels, re-
deems that route from the charges of being ob-
structed, and made impassable by deep snow.
1 will now pass to the northward, to the South
Pass route. I have met many emigrants m Ore-
gon and Washington, who have passed over that
route, and who have told me of the sufferings
they experienced, how long distances in many
instances they went without water, and how
many animals they lost from being poisoned by
the alkali of the water, and from the dearth- of
grass. Yet as more is learned of the country, it
is found, by side routes and cut-offs, that routes
can be followed where there are grass and water
all the way, and that the alkaline water can be
avoided. We have had recent explorations on
this route within the last year. I refer to the
exploration of Mr. Lander, who has found, a lit-
tle northward of the usual emigrant trail from
the South Pass to Snake river, routes with water
at short intervals and grass all the way. These
explorations have developed a large extent of
arable and grazing land on the upper tributaries
ofthe Colorado and Snake rivers, and in the midst
of the mountains. We have had another explor-
ation, within the last year. I refer to thatofLieu-
tenant Warren. He examined a country from
Port Laramie one hundred and seventy-five miles
northward, and thence eastward, to the Missouri;
and found among th& Black Hills a tract of six
thousand square miles of pine timber. A large
portion of the country embraced in this explora-
tion is a beautiful grazing and farming country,
abounding in streams of pure water, having a rich
soil and furnishing good homes for our people.
I now come to the northern route. I speak of
that route from the reports. Of course, here in my
position, I refer to the reports of that route as
to those to the other routes. I stand here in my
representative capacity. The reports of that route
show that the Rocky Mountain region, instead of
being closed up with ice and snow eight months
in the year, is a delightful pastoral and agricul-
tural country, where cattle can graze the year
round; where neither the Indians nor the whites
have to furnish fodder for the winter; where heif-
ers bring forth young at eighteen months; where
the cattle grow large. And this is the character
ofthat Rocky Mountain region route, between the
forty-seventh and forty-eighth parallel. We find
on that route no desert; we find on that route no
tremendous snows; iqg find the country there
nearly all arable, and adapted to grazing; the ara-
ble tracts always at short distances apart, and
many large bodies of arable land distributed all
along the route. On the whole route from the
Mississippi to Puget Sound and the Columbia
valley, there is not ten miles of sage.
When we look at the changing aspect of the inte-
rior in the light of exploration and discovery, we
are reminded of the prophet thousands of years
ago. The prophet Ezekiel, in the valley of dry
bones, breathed upon that valley, and the dry
bones came together, bone to bone; and he
breathed again, and flesh came upon those bones,
and living men stood forth like an army with ban-
ners. The genius of American liberty breathed
upon our interior, and high mountain ranges rose
up, and vast deserts came to view. The genius
of American liberty breathed again, and the
mountain crests were bowed down, and the desert
places disappeared; the dry bones became living
men, and the deserts green pastures by sweet
flowing waters.
Now, we will consider the tendencies of popu-
lation and communications from our line of fron-
tier States wffistward, and the time which will be
required for an uninterrupted line of settlements
to the shores of the western ocean. It is esti-
mated that the frontier is moving westward at the
rate of one hundred miles a year; some estimates
put it at seventy. Nine years ago the distance
between the frontier settlements of the Missis-
sippi valley and the shores of the Pacific was
about two thousand miles. The frontier advanced
westward from the Mississippi and eastward from
the Pacific, and the distance from frontier to fron-
tier has now dwindled down to about one thou-
sand miles. Even this interior of one thousand
miles, by scattered settlements, has been grad-
ually preparing for the movements which will
soon cause the whole of it to be occupied and
developed. Settlements are now moving west-
ward on an unbroken front, extending from the
forty-ninth parallel to the Mexican gulf. They
have struck the Red River of the North and have
moved westward upon its Cheyenne tributary.
They are moving up the Missouri and its tribu-
