"mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
-«iore. efficient, arid they will come up to the aid
<sf the Government in- the execution of the law.
.. Several geatlemen have suggested to me to
eiiange the proportion-which my amendment pro-
poses to lay upon the cfey and the Government,
and-to divide the expense half said half.. To ae-
(jommodate gentlemen, I will change-it so'-as-to
provide that half of the- expenses shall be borne
by the eity. of Washington. Then it. will be ne-
cessary to change the-preceding section, so as to
read: ■
: " That the sum of money necessary to carry this act into
effect, not to exceed one half'of the annual expense to be
ipcurrsd iit consequence of raising said auxiliary guard, be,
and the same hereby is,' appropriated."
And then will come irv the additional section.
yrhich-I have proposed, and-this,it seems to me,
will place the matter on a fair ba'sis.
While I am up, I cannot help stating that I con-
cur in the 'principle enunciated by the Senator
from iCenta'cky in regard to the creation of offi-
ces, and-conferring additional appointments on
the President of the United States. So far as the
Secretary of the Interiorand the President of the
United States are concerned, there is no one here
or elsewhere that has more confidence in them
than I have. 1 have no sort of doubt that they
would execute the law faithfully and efficiently;
but there is a principle involved in this matter. I
am opposed to increasing executive patronage ki
any shape, if it can be avoided; but here is a pro-
vision not only for one hundred officers, but for
'two hundred, at the discretion of the Executive.
The Senator from ftxas seemed to have his fears
alarmed, and I agree with him on that point, at
the idea of bringing any portion of the standing
Army to suppress riots or put down mobs. What
is the force you now propose to raise ? I suppose
it should be more properly called an auxiliary to
your standing Army. It is to have captains and
lieutenants appointed by the Executive, responsi-
ble directly to him for the manner in which they
discharge their duty. 1 am for building up no
pretprian bands here, either under a Democratic
or any other Administration, 1 care not by what ,
name they may be called. I am for building up j
no military guard here, to be placed at the dis- i
cretion of the Executive. Everything must have }
a beginning: you begin now with two hundred at j
discretion, one hundred absolutely. Wheic will j
it end? _ |
it is said that party has got into the appoint-
ment of the members of the present auxiliary
guard, and that party influences have rendered
them inefficient. In the name of common sense,
and all that is sacred and right, willyou ever have
an Administration here that is nota party Admin-
istration? Will you remove the difficulty that is
complained of? Will not appointmenis always
be fashioned by party ? Unquestionably; and the
very difficulty which you desire to avoid will be
fastened upon the country by this bill. If it is
to pass, let us impose half the expense, at least,
upon the city of Washington, and thereby make
it feel its responsibility. If the citizens here have
to pay taxes' tor tins force, they will impart more
efficiency to the execution of the law.
1 had hoped that this bill would be postponed,
but I am prepared to act upon it now. I have no
unkind feelings towards tiiecitizens of Washing-
ton, more than I have towards the citizens of any
other city; but I must say that there is a disposi-
tion manifested here which, must be apparent to
all, even the most unobservant, to put the entire
expenses of this District on the Government of
the United States, An avenue cannot be graded
unless Congress does it; streets cannot be lighted
up unless Congress pays for doing it. There is
a continual pressure on Congress to appropriate
public money to sustain the District of Colum-
bia. I have had some tables prepared which, at
an appropriate time, when the proper measure
shall come before the Senate, I will present, show-
ing the amount that has been expended in this
District for Government purposes. Over twelve
million dollais diawn from the people of the dif-
ferent States have been poured out at this capi-
tal, expended here. The fcity of New York, or
St. Louis, or Baltimore, or Philadelphia, or New
Orleans, or Cincinnati, instead of asking you to
give them donations out of the Treasury, would
pay your Tieasury a bonus if you would locate
the seat of Government there. Is it no benefit to
a community to have large sums of money, which
are drawn from the great mass-of the.people,
poured out in it  midst? Do we not know that
the expenditure of large sums of money at this
point is beneficial to this .portion of the commu-
nity at the-expense of other portions of the com-
munity?
-The Senator from Texas has alluded to the fact
that the Government has property here which is
exempt from taxation; but how aid the Govern-
ment get that property ? A donation was made to
the Government on condition that Congress would
locate the seat of.Government here. Parties&aid,
we will gtve you so many lots, and thereby realize
immense fortunes by bringing the seat of Gov-
ernment here; and now they turn round and talk
about taxing the property of the? United States,
when it was speculation on their part that got the
seatof Government here. In what State or county
in the Union do you ever hear of the capitol of a
State or the court-house of a county being taxed,
or any other public buildings ? Every locality
that gets a location of this kind considers that the
benefits Conferred by the location go far beyond
any advantage that would result from the little
tax that would be imposed upon its property.
Which is worth most to the citizens of W ashing-
ton, the large amounts expended by you on pub-
lic buildings and the large appropriations made--
for local improvements here, or the little money
which they would derive from the privilege of
taxing the Government property? Twelve mil-
lion dollars, as I remarked before, have been ex-
pended here, drawn from the States; and of this
sum, over six million dollars have been given for
the local improvements of this District, for the
cspecial and particular benefit of the people here.
I am merely looking into this matter on prin-
ciple. I have uo objection to the citizens of Wash-
ington getting all they can; but while they are
guarding their interests, it is our duty, as repre-
sentatives of the States and of the people, to guard
their interests, and see that their money is not
taken from them and improperly expended in local
improvements in tins particular locality. What
authority have wc to make appropriations in the
District of Columbia more than we have in any
other section of the country? I know that it is
argued by some that we have exclusive legislative
powers here. That may be Uue; but because wc
have the power of exclusive legislation, docs that
prove that we have unlimited legislation ? I know
there is no other authority that can legislate for the
District of Columbia but Congress. But because
Congress has exclusive legislation, it does not fol-
low that your power of legislation is unlimited,
and that you can appropriate money here under
the Constitution of the United States that you
cannot appropriate elsewhere. You have no more
power to take money from the Federal Treasury
and appropriate it to local improvements in the
District of Columbia, than you have to appropri-
ate it for such improvements in St. Louis—-not a
single scintilla of power more. The argument on
this point results from confounding a power of ex-
clusive legislation with unlimited legislation. We
have no power to appropriate money in the Dis-
trict of Columbia for local purposes more than we
have elsewhere.
It is said that the people of the District have no
representation in Congress. Well, suppose they
| had a Delegate in Congress, the same as the Tei-
ntories have: what would it be worth to them?
Give them a Delegate; 1 am forgiving them one;
I would rather they had one; itwould stop clamor,
so far as that goes. They are now better repre-
sented, and get larger appropriations, than they
would if they had a Delegate m the Congress of
the United States.
I am willing to confer all the power that Con-
gress possesses upon the municipal authorities
here; to give them power to lay and collect taxes;
to give them power, if they have it not already,
to establish thai description of police which will
be efficient to sustain the reputation and character
of the population, so that the laws may be en-
forced, and persons be protected in life, liberty,
and property.
I make these remarks out of no unkind feeling
of prejudice to the people of the District, but 1
have seen how these appropriations have gone oil
from year to year. I have seen the feeling and the
disposition that are manifested here. The public
mind, 111 tins locality, seems to be exercised in one
particular channel: that is not in mechanics; it
is not in agriculture; it is not in commerce; it is
not in .the improvement of the soil; it is not in
producing and bringing the products of labor here
and selling them in one of the best markets in the
world; bat the whole.mind here is occupied and
employed in devising ways and means by which
we can get into the people's Treasury, divide it
among ourselves, at our own discretion, for our
particular benefit. If you refuse any appropria-
tion they may ask or demand, it is very common
to say: Why, you have exclusive legislation; the
District belongs to Congress! I do not counte-
nance any such idea. They are freemen. I as-
sume that -they are*-capable of self-government.
I assume that they have got resources, as much
so as the people have in other portions of the
country, to pay their own taxes to enforce their
own laws; and if they have not, what a comment-
ary it is upon the population crowded around
the Federal Government of the United States, that
there is not enough moral power, that there is not
enough capacity here to govern themselves, but
they must call upon Congress to govern them—
must go out to the States and bring in somebody
heie to govern them! Is it not a commentary on
the Federal Government, on the population sur-
rounding Congress and coming m contact with
the elite, not only of the United States, but of all
parts of the civilized world?
I shall vote against the bill, whether the amend-
ment is adopted or not; but it seems to me that
it is nothing but fair and just that one half or two
thirds of the expense incurred in raising and sus-
taining this auxiliary, little standingarmy, whose
appointment and control are under the Federal
head, shall be incurred by this population. I am
in hopes the Senate will adopt the amendment.
After that, I am in hopes they will reject the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER," (Mr. Biggs.)
Did the Chair understand the Senator from Ten-
nessee as moving his proposition as an amend-
ment to the amendmentof the Senator from Mis-
sissippi?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 wanted to
suggest the amendment, and show the necessity
of making the eighth section correspond with my
amendment when added as an additional section.
Mr. BROWN. I will suggest to the Senator
that he let us go on regularly with the bill, and
have the vote taken on my amendment, and then
he can offer his, as it comes in as an additional
section. I have no objection, however, to let him
go on.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Tennessee. Wecancome
back to that section, and make it suit.
Mr. BROWN. I withdraw my motion until
the Senator's amendment be disposed of.
Mr. GREEN. I intend to vote for this bill. I
shall vote for it in almost any shape in which it
may be placed. Exclusive jurisdiction over this
District was given by the Constitution of the
United States, for one very especial purpose,
which can never be accomplished if we rely upon
any other authority than Congress for our per-
sonal protection. It was that Congress might have
the power and the means at all times to protect
themselves. There is no personal security in this
city No man, in thedischarge of his duty, walk-
ing the streets, according to the reports that come
to me, is safe. If this power for protecting our-
selves be given, and if the necessity for the exer-
cise of the power exists, why shall we stop to say
that a portion of the expense ought to be parceled
out on the city, and a portion fall on the public
Treasury of the General Government? Why,
sir, if the eity authorities will not do their duty,
Congress must do theirs. It is not only personal
protection to members of Congress, not only per-
sonal protection to officials having Government
business to transact in this city, but it is a high,
| international duty, for which we could be held
justly responsible, to protect foreign ministers,
j their agents, and their servants, as they ought to
| be piotected in a civilized country. When the
; exclusive power to protect this District has been
; vested in our hands, and we see that that protec-
. tion has not been given, to hesitate on the score
- of expense for twenty-five, or fifty, or one hun-
: dred, or five hundred thousand dollars, looks to
I me as little and beneath the dignity of the Con-
gress of the United States.
j It is true, there are other interests to be pro-
j tected besides personal interests. There is prop-
erty to be protected; and, so far as that is con-
