382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
templated on the part of the people of Arkan-
sas:
" It is not in the power of the General Assembly of Ark-
ansas to pass any law for the purpose of electing members
t<> form a constitution and State government, or to do any
other act. directly or indirectly, to create such new govern-
ment. Every such law, even though it were approved by
the Governor of me Territory, would be null and voul. If
parsed by them, notwithstanding his veto, by a vote of two
thuds of each branch, it would suit be equally void."
* * * * * * * -v***
" For the reasons above stated. I am,therefore,of opinion
that the inhabitants of that Terurory have not at piesent,
and that they cannot acquire otherwise than by r.n act of
Congress, the right to form such a government."
These quotations doubtless express the opinion
of the Attorney General. But they should be
coupled with the fact that the people of Arkansas
had no power, under their organic act, to pass
laws and ^ive them validity, unless approved by
Congress; that their legislative enactments were
void from the beginning, without this approval.
The honorable Senator from Illinois is at fault
when he says the people of Arkansas possessed
the same power under their organic act claimed
for the people of Kansas under the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill. This will appear by reference to
these laws. I read from the Statutes at Large,
third volume, page 494:
" Whenever tlio General Assembly shall be organized, all
the legislative power of the Temtoiy bhall be ve&ted 111, and
be exercised by, the said Geneml Assembly.
That so much of the act of Congress of the 4th June,
ISl^, entitled, < An act providing foi the government of the
Terntory of Mi^oun,' as relates to the organization of a
General Assembly therein, pi escribes the powers and priv-
ileges thereof, the mode of election, and period of service
of the members thereof, and defines the qualifications and
privileges of the elector*? and elected, shall he in full fotce
and operation in the ArkansasTeiritory," &c.
Then, what were the powers and privileges and
restrictions conferred on the people of the Terri-
tory of Missouri; which act was, by this provis-
ion, extended to the Territory of Arkansas? I
read from the second volume of the Statutes at
Large, page 744:
c: The General Assembly shall have power to make laws
in all c.u(s, boLh civil and criminal, for the good govern-
ment of the people of the said Terutory. not repugnant to
or inconsistent with the Constitution and laws, ot the United
State-:." *********
'• All bills passed by a majority in the House of Represent-
atives, and by a majority in the Legi-lative Council, shall be
referred to the Governor for Ins assent; but 110 bill or legis-
lative act whatever shall be of any foieo without his appro-
bation."
Here, then, is a marked distinction between the
provision of the organic act for the people of Ark-
ansas and that of the people of Kansas. But this
organic law far Missouri proceeds to provide
that—
" So tnueh of an act entitled ' An act further providing foi
the government of the Tei ritoiy of Louisiana,' approved 011
the 3d day of March, 1805, and «o much of an aet entitled
4 Ari act for erecting Louisiana into two TerritoiiCf, and
providing for the temporary government thereof,1 appioved
the 23th of Maich, l$H, as is repugnant to this aet, shali,
l'«oru and after the liist Monday in December next, be ic
pealed.'5
Those not repugnant, arc, it would seem, con-
tinued in force.
In the act for the government of Louisiana, ap-
proved March 3d, 1805, I find this; provision:
" The Governor shall publish throughout the said Teiri-
tory ail the law- winch mav be made as aforesaid, and --ha!!
from time to timo lepurt the sain" to the Pu'Mdent of the
United States, to he laid before Congress ; whieh, if disap
piovedofby Congress, bhail theucefouh cease and be ol no
Clfi'Ct."
I have not examined the provisions of the or-
ganic acts of all the Territories which have hith-
erto been admitted into the Union as States, and
those that now exist, with reference to this dis-
cussion; but two years since, i did make a thor-
ough examination of ail of them; and except the
Kansas-Nebraska act, 1 found no law for the or-
ganization of a single Territory, which did not
directly or indirectly reserve in Congress the right
of approval or disapproval of all laws passed by
the Territorial Legislatures. At the date of the
opinion of Attorney General Butler, complete and
full power, it was conceded by all, existed in Con-
gress to govern all our Territories. Congress had
claimed and exercised it from the beginning. Jt
was so held by commentators on the Constitution.
It was so held uniformly by the courts, State and
national. The generic principle of plenary power
in Congress to control territorial legislation,
would include the specific legislation under dis-
cussion, With this power conceded m Congress
to revise territorial laws, the people of the Ter-
ritories could not, in the opinion of the Attorney
General, by any act of theirs, originate laws that
would substitute a State government for a terri-
torial form of government. But I beg the Senate
to remember that in the year 1854, an act of Con-
gress was passed with strangely differing features
from previous acts of Congress, for the govern-
ment of the Territories.
In this act of 1854, in a declaratory clause, it is
claimed to be its " true intent and meaning not to
legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor
to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people
thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject,"
not to a law of Congress, butsubject only to the
Constitution of the United States." If, 111 that
phraseology, "to regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way," is embraced the power
to make laws, constitutional and statute, then the
policy of this Government in relation to its Terri-
tories was changed; its original policy was sub-
verted; and I deny the honorable Senator from
Illinois the privilege of going back one day behind
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act for pre-
cedents to sustain his present position. The old
territorial policy of this Government was then set
aside; a new hobby was created; if you please, a
new Bucephalus was harnessed; and as he now
vaults over his own shadow, the Senator from
Illinois, like another Alexander, may be able to
mount and rem his head toward the sun. We
shall see.
But, sir, if Congress did, in that act, confer on
the people of the Territory of Kansas power to
make all needful laws on every fit subject of le-
gislation, the power to pass the laws referred to
in this part of the President's message was in-
cluded. The only question that will arise, then,
for us to settle, is, whether this be a fit subject for
legislation.
That this is a rightful subject of legislation none
can deny; for it has been the subject of legislation
by Congress " time out of mind." And the ulti-
mate formation of a State government is always
contemplated when a Territory is organized. A
territorial government is intended to bo but a tem-
porary organization of the people within its lim-
its, and is expected to give place to a more perfect
and desirable form of government as soon as the
people are found to be in a condition to assume
its responsibilities, and to bear its burdens. This
transition from a territorial to a State government
must be effected either by revolution or under the
forms uf law. If, then, revolution and anarchy
are not preferable to a peaceful and legal transi-
tion, this is a proper subject of legislation. And
if the people of a Territory may legislate on all
fit subjects of legislation,'thpy may on this.
But conceding the question of legal power, did
the people of Kansas exercise it in the case under
discussion? Did they, bv their own volition, au-
thorize the creation of the Lecompton constitution.
This, I believe, is conceded by both factions of
the Democracy. It is assumed'by the President
in his message, and not denied by the honorable
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] It is said
that the people of Kansas, through their Terri-
torial Legislature, enacted a law, authorizing the
election of delegates to frame a constitution; that
the election was held, and the convention organ-
ized, under the provisions of this act; and that
the Lecompton constitution is the fruit of their
i deliberations. This law has been recognized by
the authorities in Kansas, and by the President
of the United States. It is claimed to be the legal
expression of the will of the people; and, it must
be confessed, possesses every element of legal
vitality common to any and all of the territorial
laws of Kansas; and, as such, received the hearty
indorsement of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois, [Air. Douglas,] in his Springfield speech.
But did the people of Kansas, m the enactment
of this territorial law, authorizing the election of
delegates to frame a State constitution, or other-
wise, reserve the right to ratify or reject it by a
vote of electors at the polls?
Here is the pnncipal point of divergence be-
tween the supporters of the Presidents views and
those who oppose them on the other side of the
Chamber. The first assume that plenary powers
were conferred by the people of Kansas on their
delegates, in the enactment, of this territorial law;
that the right to approve or reject the constitution
to be framed was not reserved. And hence the
people have agreed, in advance, to abide by the
acts of their delegates. Here, however, the Sen-
ator from Illinois joins issue; and to his reason-
ing in support of his position I invite the atten-
tion of the Senate and the country.
He does not claim that this right of ratification
is reserved by the people in the territorial law
authorizing the election of delegates; but that the
Kansas-Nebraska bill is susceptible of no other
legitimate interpretation; that it provides in a
declaratory clause t( that it is the true intent and
meaning of this act neither to legislate slavery
into this Territory, nor to legislate it therefrom;
but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to
regulate their own domestic institutions in their
own way."
This regulation "of their own domestic insti-
tutions" is supposed to include the power to cre-
ate a constitution and enact laws. How else are
they to be regulated, if not by constitutional and
legal provisions? But I humbly submit that it
does not seem to me to require, necessarily, the
submission of cither to the approval of the elect-
ors at the polls. It does not say so in so many
words. It does not say that " the people thereof
are to be left perfectly free to regulate their own
j domestic institutions in their own way by a vote
at the polls." Nor is such submission necessarily
implied; for we have shown that, in a free exercise
of their own will, the people may choose to act
by representatives—may choose to clothe them
with plenary powers. Nor is such a necessity
consistent with the language used. The language
used is, " butto leave the people perfectly free to
regulate their own domestic institutions in their
own way." Then they must be left free to choose
the means by which this is to be done; and they
may choose delegates, and clothe them with plen-
ary powers for this purpose.
But, yielding that the interpretation of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act claimed by the Senator, is the
only fair one, it does not even tend to establish the
conclusion sought. It would, on that hypothesis,
be conclusive as to the will of Congress, and, if
you choose, of the will of the people of the organ-
ized States, expressed in legal form by their rep-
resentatives in Congress, but not of the people of
a Territory outside of these States. The Kansas-
Nebraska bill was enacted into a law on the suppo-
sition that the will of Congress might be different
from the will of the people of the Territory—that
it might be even in conflict with it, and in antag-
onism with their best interests; and hence the
necessity of the Kansas bill to set them free—to
emancipate them—to enable them to differ with
Congress. Hence we are not to inquire what was
the will of Congress as expressed on this or any
other fit subject of legislation; but what did the
people of Kansas decree? They put forth the
creative act when they authorized the election of
delegates. What was their decision?
But it is argued again that this power of final
ratification musthave been reserved by the people,
because the President assumed that the consti-
tution would be submitted, as is clearly set forth
in his instructions to Governor Walker; because
Governor Walker, in his inaugural address, and
numerous speeches, pledged himself that it should
be submitted; and because Mr. Calhoun, and
others, during their candidacy for seats in this
convention, were " pledged in writing" to exert
their utmost influence to secure this result.
But this " inaugural address" of Governor
Walker was not even an official paper It was-not
required of him in the discharge of any official
duty. It was simply a fugitive letter, written for
the newspapers, and of no more validity than his
stump speeches.
But clothe this letter, and these stump speeches,
and this pledge " in writing" of General Calhoun,
with all the pomp and circumstance of official acts,
and they will not tend to sustain the conclusion.
The President's instructions, the Governor's
newspaper correspondence, and stump speeches,
and Calhoun's pledges in writing, may be con-
clusive as to their purposes; but they do not even
tend to prove that the people of Kanms had reserved
the right to vote for and against the adoption of
the Lecompton constitution. You must look for
an expression of the will of the people in their own
official acts. When impartially considered, these
considerations prove the converse. Whence the
necessity of promises and pledges to submit the
constitution to a vote of the people, if the people
had in fact reserved the right to ratify or reject it
