2499
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill (No. 514) granting an invalid pension
to Conrad Schroeder—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (No. 515) granting an invalid pension to
Alexanders. Bean, of Pennsylvania—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 516) for the relief of Michael A.
Davenport, of Illinois—to the Committee on Pen-
sions. .
A bill (No. 518) to continue the pension here-
tofore paid to Mary C. Hamilton, widow of Cap-
tain Fowler C. Hamilton, late of the United States
Army—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 520) for the relief of William Bul-
lock—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 592) for the relief of Wright Fore
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 523) for the relief of Wyatt Grif-
fith—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 524) for the relief of Francis Car-
ver—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 525) for the relief of Robinson
Gammon—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 520) for the relief of Frederick
Smith—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 527) for the relief of Phineas G.
Pearson—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 528) for the relief of Judith Nott—
to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 529) for the relief of John C. Rath-
bun—-to the Committee on Pensions,
A bill (No. 530) for the relief of Stephen Fel-
lows—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No 531) for the relief of John Perry, of
Illinois—to the Committee on Pensions
A bill (No. 532) for the relief of Ebenezer
Hitchcock—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 533) for the relief of Shore Case,
of Now York—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No, 534) for the relief of Allen Smith
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 535) for the relief of Da\!d Wat-
son—to the Committee on Pension*.
A bill (C. C. No. yi) for tin* relief of the heirfl
of William Tarvm, deceased—to the Committee
on Claims.
A bill (No. 452) for the relief of Thomas An-
tisell—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 480) for the relief of Or. Ferdinand
0. Miller—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 48J) lot the relief of Dinah Minis—
to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 4^0) lor the iehef of Aluu/.o and
Eihridt>o (r. Colby—to the Commute e on Chimin,
A bill (No. 50G) for the relief of the adminis-
trator of I local io Uuuit bee, deceased—to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
A bill (No. 510) for (Sie relief of Dr. George 1 [,
Howell—to the C-omuiittoe on Claims.
A bill (No. 570) for the iehef of Lieutenant
Loomh; L. Langdoo -to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 571) for the relief of David Mc,-
CJuro, administrator of .1 oseph McClure, deceased
—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 492) for the relief of John Dearmit
— to the Committee on tin; Post Ofiice and Post,
Roads.
A bill (No. 493) for the relief of Stuckey &
—to the Committee on the PostOflicc and
Post Roads.
A bill (No, 401) for the relief of Will'mm Doty
and others — to the Committee on the Post Oiiiee
ami Post Roads.
A bill (No. 51)2) for the relief of Samuel W.
nod Alviti A. Taylor—to the Committee on the
Post Oiiiee nod Post Roads.
A bill (No. 572) for the relief of Lewis W.
Pro." dvve!l—to the Committ* e mi the Post Oiiiee
and Post Roads.
A bill (No.5H5) to establish certain post roads
—to the Committee on the Pont (hike and Post
R.oads.
A bill (No. 353) for the relief of Eli W. Golf
—to the"Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 4'4(i) for the relief of D. O. Dickin-
son—to the Conmintee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 569) for the r< In f of Gardner Vm-
and otheis—to the Committee on Com-
meive.
A bill (No. 573) forth" relief of Thomas Ila-
sam and B. S. Brewster—to the Committee on
Commerce,
A bill (No 57G) for the relief of Douglass Ot-
Unger—to the Committee on Commerce,
A bill (No 511) for the relief of Nehemiah S.
Draper and William Holden, heirs-at-law of
Mary Draper, deceased—to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 547) for the relief of Benjamin
Wakefield—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 453) for the relief of Robert W.
Cushman, formerly an acting purser 111 the Uni-
ted States Navy—to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
A bill (No. 169) making an appropriation for
the payment of clerks employed in the offices of
the registers of the land offices at Oregon City
and Winchester, in the Territory of Oregon—to
the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 490) for the relief of Isaac Body
and Samuel Fleming—to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
A bill (No. 503) for the relief of Job Stafford,
of the State of New York—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A bill (No. 504) for the relief of Elizabeth Mc-
Brier, only surviving child and heir of Colonel
Archibald Loughery,deceased—to the Committee
on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 35G) for the relief of Roswcll Mi-
nard, father of Theodore Minard, deceased—to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (No. 543) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of John McDonough, deceased, of
Louisiana—to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 24) for the relief of
Henry Orndorf—to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post. Roads.
A joint resolution (No. 25) authorizing the
Postmaster General to revise and adjust, the ac-
counts of Kimball & Moore, and Moore &
Walker—to the Committee on tue Post Office and
Poat Roads.
A joint resolution (No. 22) for the relief of
Michael Pappreni/.a—to the Committee on For-
eign Relations,
A bill (No. 511) for the relief of Jean Baptiste
Devidrino—to the Committee on Private Land
Claims
A bill (No. 49(5) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of llenrv King, deceased—to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No, 575) for the relief of Robert A,
Davnlge—to the Committee on Claims.
LAND DISTRICT IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. STUART. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the Xen.ite to introduce a joint resolution, of
which I have not. civen previous notice, for the
purpose of coriectimj; an error in a bill that passed
a few days a o.
Theie beine; no objection, leave \va^ planted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. No. 47) to cor-
rect an error m aeetiainnct appio\ed May 11,
1H5S; which was lead a fu.si time, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. STUART. J have a letter which states
the ( rror to have been committed in drawing the
bill, in the Land Oiiiee. I ask for its passage
now.
There being no objection, the jooit resolution
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
correct an error in the act approved May 11,1853,
entitled " An act to enlarge the DetioU and Sagi-
naw land district, in the State of Michigan," by
extending the limits of that portion of the Che-
boygan district which has been aitached to the
Deirm! district, to the lines dividing ranges two
and three west, instead of one and two west, the
foi nier being tiie line intended by the Department
as the western boundary of the addition to the
Detroit district.
Mr. B1GLKR. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Michigan that, the resolution, it seems to
m^, is veiy peculnu in its-terms. Why authorize
the Sccietaiy of the Interior to correct the law?
Why not make the resolution the law1
Mr. STUART. I noticed that myself; but the
proper construction is that it enables him to divide
the districts as he wishes.
Mr. B1GLER. Then authorize lum to construe
the law in that way.
Mr. STUART. Let it be amended so as to
say that ''the law shall be amended so as to read.''
1 took this language because it was their own.
May 29,
The Secretary read the resolution as proposed
to be amended, as follows:
That an error in an act appioved Mav It, 3B5S, entitled
"An act to enlarge the Detioit and Saginaw lano distttcts,
m the State ot Michigan,be corrected, by extenuoig the
limit* of that portion of the Chehoygan di-anet, &c-
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third iime,
and passed. a f
BRITISH AGGRESSIONS,
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolutions, re-
ported by him yesterday, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations:
Resolved, (as the judgment of the Senate,) That Ameu-
can vessels on the high seas, in time of peace, bearing the
American flag.remain under the junrdiction ot'thocountiv
to which they belong, and, theietore, anv visitation, moles-
tation, or detention of such vessels by force, or hy the ex-
hibition offoice, on the part of a foreign Powei, is m dero-
gation of the sovereignty of the United State®!.
Resolved, That the recent and repeated violations of this
immunity, committed hy vessels of war belonging to the
navy of Great Britain, in the Gulf of Mexico, and the ad
jaeent &oa<, by firing into, interrupting.andothei wise forci-
bly detaining them on their voya e, icqmres, m the judg-
ment ot the Senate, such unequivocal and final disposition
of the subject, by the Coveitmnnits of Gieat Britain and the
United Suites, touching thoughts involved, as shall pre-
clude, hereafter, Hie occurrence of like aggressions.
! Resolved, That the Senate fitllv appiovcs the. action of
| the Evecutive in vendue* a naval loice into them felted seas
! with oider-'" to piotect all vessel*; ol the United States on
! the hiirh sea=, from seaich or detention, by the vessels of
! war ol any othei nation.'' And it is the opinion of the Ken-
J ate. that, if it becomes nceessaiy, such additional legislation
j should he supplied in aid of the executive povvci as will
make such piotecuon ellVeunil.
| Mr. MASON. It is not my purpose to make
! a speech on these resolutions. The roportaccom-
j panying them sets forth the reasons that actuated
, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the au-
: thorities for the conclusions at which they have
! arrived. I ask the Senate to consider them im-
j mediately, so that by taking thesenseofthcSen-
1 ate on the resolutions, whatever aid they may
, carry may be supplied to the Executive, before
1 whom the question now properly remains in ad-
justment between the two Governments. The
i first resolution enunciates, I think very clearly,
' what the committee understand to be unquestion-
, ably the international law between the two Gov-
! ormnents, and denies absolutely,for any purpose
whatever, the right of visitation, whether accom-
! panied by search or otherwise, by any armed
ships, upon merchant vessels under the flag of
another nation. The second resolution, after a
brief nummary ofthe facts, presents the true issue
between the two Governments, as thatof the right
ot visitation. The third resolution states its pres-
ent posture before the Executive, and the &ense
of i In* committee, that, unless when we receive a
communication from him hereafter, as to the m-
i .suits of the present correspondence, the national
, Legislature shall be satisfied that then1 is no dan-
ger of the future recurrence ®f these aggressions,
legislation should be supprced by Congress to
enable the public, force of/the United States to
make good our claims.
i Theie can be no question, I think I may con-
fidently say, but that the international law denies
i absolutely any right of visitation upon the hi h
■ seaN in tune of peace. It is a right ihat has been
frequently claimed by foreign nations. I will not
, say that it has never been disclaimed by Great
Ihituin, with whom we are now brought into ap-
parent collision, but if it has been I am not aware
that England has ever disclaimed the right; but
she lms ceitamly exercised it m more instances
than one on our commerce, as well as thatof other
■ nations. The publicists all agree, so far as I
have had access to them, that there is nori&htof
visitation on the high sea;1 ju tune of peace. There
, is a light which seems to be conceded to a belli-
gerent in a state of war; hut that right is confined
' to the single object of ascertaining whether the
vessel visited has on board contraband subjects.
Gieat Britain has extended it, it is true, m her
. wars, unjustly and against the remonstrance of
| other Powers, to a right when on board to search
i for enemies' property; but that has always been
: denied by other nations. We were led into the
! war of 1812 by another extension of this claim
i on the part of Great Britain, which was, that she
i had a right to go on board,and look for contra-
