1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
cerned, the city ought to bear its proportion of
the expanse; but if the city does not come up
and do it, we must do it. It is not enough to hold
out a threat, and say the seat of Government shall
be removed. Let us do our duty, not by threat-
ening others that, if theydo not do theirs, we will
do so and so;- but let us do ours now. Let us do
ours when the necessity for the exercise of that
power exists. That necessity does now exist,
in the ordinary administration of municipal affairs
in the city government, the city bears the whole
expense. Its common council, its mayor, its ad-
ministration of municipal law—all is borne by
the city without the power of taxation upon any
of the Federal property. It is true, doubtless,
that the original proprietor of this tract of land
was anxious to have the seat of Government es-
tablished here-, but the present citizens of Wash-
ington had no agency in that. They purchased
as other men, and they are not to be held respons-
ible for the benefits arising to the original pro-
prietor of the land in consequence of the location
of the capital at this point; but even if they were,
we muft discharge our duty; and how shall we
do it so efficiently, to accomplish so many bene-
ficial r.suits, as in passing the bill now pending
before the Senate?
To vest the power of appointment of the chief
of police, the head of this guard, with the Presi-
dent,! can conceive to be no objection whatever.
The appointing power must exist somewhere, if
we see by experience that the corporation of
Washington will not exert the power to protect
us, we must protect ourselves; and we, by the
passage of this bill, can vest that appointing power
where we will to correct it. To say, however,
that it ought to be vested in the Vice President,
as the venerable Senator from Kentucky asserted,
shows a total disregard of the Constitution of the
United States. In no single instance can you,
in conformity to the Constitution of the United
States, vest the appointment of any officer in the
Vice President. If it be thought most advisable
to vest it in the Supremo Court, or m the district
court, as the chairman of the committee well re-
marked, so lot it be done; if it be thought most
advisable to vest it in the head of one of the De-
partments, so let it be done; but under the Con-
stitution, you cannot vest it in the Vice President
of the United States. He is precluded by the
terms of the Constitution. But I apprehend no
difficulty from this, nor do I think the creation of
this one office will so increase the patronage of the
President as to make the Presidency an object to
be scorned and shunned by aspirants for that
very distinguished position. I expect it will still
be sought with the same anxiety as heretofore,
no more and no less. As this is a Federal power,
to be exercised for Federal protection, where else
could it be so properly vested as in the Federal
head ? And that Federal head is responsible to the
whole country; not alone to the Di,strict of Colum-
bia, but to all the States and to all the people; and
an enlightened public sentiment will restrain him
from an abuse of this power. I have no fear of
an abuse by the present chief of the executive
department, or any of his successors.
So far as this army of officers is concerned, of
which we have heard so much—the six hun-
dred now holding clerkships in the Departments
here—they are not a police; they ought not to be
made a police. They have their duties to do for
the Government in their appropriate sphere, and
doing them, we mustprotect them when they walk
the streets, when theypioceed upon their ordi-
nary avocations. Nor is it true that all arc turned
out who happen to differ 111 opinion with the Ex-
ecutive. There are many instances, and, I am
willing to say to the Senator from Kentucky,
more than meets my approbation, in which the
enemies of the Government are kept in its em-
ployment. Where the responsibility exists, let
the responsibility be taken, and stand before the
counti y for justification.
All tins, however, is outside the real question.
There is a pressing necessity for this measure.
We know that no man is secure in his life if he
walks the streets of this city, according to the
common reports that come, official reports that
come to us in a tangible shape, from which there
can be no escape. As we have a duty imposed,
corresponding with the authority vested, to pro-
tect the District, to protect the city, to protect for-
eign ministers, their secretaries, attaches, agents,
and servants, as we have a right to protect our- I
selves, as the Federal Government must perform I
its functions here, as we do not have that protec- i
tion without the aid'of Government money, sane-1
tioned by governmental authority, we ought to |
pass this bill, or some other that will give an effi-
cient police in the city of Washington.
Mr. BROWN. I want to say a word, in refer-
ence to the amendment proposed by my friend
from Tennessee. Even if it were right to intro-
duce an amendment of that character to this bill,
his is wrong, because he proposes to divide the
expense of keeping up the specific police equally
between the city and the nation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I desire the
Senator from Mississippi to understand my idea
in offering the amendment. I am not influenced
by the amount of money involved at all; but by
imposing a part of this additional expense on the
population here, you will give efficiency and effect
to the bill, and you will impart more efficiency by
reaching them through the taxing power, than in
any other way.
Mr. BROWN. I never supposed that my friend
from Tennessee cared anythingabouttheamount
of money involved; but his proposition is based
upon no principle at all, or rather upon a false
principle. It proceeds on the idea that the city
ought to bear one half of the expense of this force.
This, as I have once or twice explained before, is
a night police. If the city is bound to bear one
half the expenseof the night police, why should
not the General Government bear one half the ex-
pense of the day police ? This whole proposition,
I beg Senators to remember, goes on the idea that
the city takes charge of it during the day, and
you undertake to take charge of it during the
night. The city provides, at the expense of the
city treasury, for a day police; and you provide,
at the expense of the national Treasury, for a
night police.
Heretofore, notwithstanding ail the charges
which are made as to Washington being a con-
stant dram on the Treasury, what is the fact?
The report shows that the city has been paying i
all the time more than the Government; that while ;
you have paid #13,000, the city has paid $19,000 i
and upward every year. What is true now? If j
this bill passes, it will call out one hundred po- ■
hcemen. How many has thp city ? At the time :
the report was written, they had within three as 1
many as you have. Now, they have got their hun- j
di od, and what we propose lu thai you furnish your
hundred. That id all there is of it; and all this'
outcry that the Government is doing everything,
and the city doing nothing, is not true in point of 1
fact. Senators mistake the true facts of the case, i
as they always do. I do not wish to delay the
passage of this bill; 1 want action upon it, and
action now: but at some convenient, season, in the
discussion of some District bill, I shall undertake
to show that the Federal Government never has
paid more than its due proportion of the expense
of maintaining the city. Gentlemen who indulge
themselves here in constant declarations that this
city is a charge on the Fedoial Government, may
think my statement is extraordinary: but I have
looked into the record,  nd 1 tell you that Con-
gress has never paid more than its due proportion
of the expenses of maintaining the city govern-
ment here. You bui'd large houses. You build
a Capitol, at an expense of seven or eight mil- 1
lion dollars; but what of that? Does not that in-
crease your responsibility as much as I should 1
increase mine, if I bmlt a house worth $10,COO?
You put a vast dome on your Capitol, at an ex- 1
pense of $1,250,000; and then you say you must
not pay taxes, because you put a dome on your
house ' Because \ put a dome on my house, am I '
to be exempt from taxation ? If the Government
is to be exempt from taxation, because it builds
fine houses, why should not Mr. Corcoran be ex-
empt, too, because he builds line houses: not as
fine as yours, but still, veiy creditable houses?
Why should not the smallest house builder in the {
city be exempt fiom taxation on the same princi-
ple ? Your duty is not to submit to taxation—that
I would not do—but to allow a fair estimate on
your property, and make a willing contribution
to the support of the municipal government to the
amount of what would be your taxes, according to
the rate of taxation here. The city government
now taxes upon its real and personal property
about one hundred and ninety-five thousand dol-
lars annually, and- for city -purposes' you 'have
never paid that amount of money;' you do not pay
it now; this bill will notbringit up to-that. Wheij
you make an appropriation of a million q( doSars
for the Capitol, you atfe not to charge that-to
Washington.' If you are, why should not
Corcoran, when he builds a house worth $5*0,000,
charge that to Washington ?
But I am not going into that discussion; I re-
serve it for another occasion. I siftipfy-protest
now that these suggestions are out of place and'
out of time upon this bill. There is a pressing
necessity for acting upon it. What I rose espe-
cially to say, was to my friend from Tennessee,,
that he mistakes when he supposes the city is not
doing itsduty, and payingits part of the expense.
Up to the hour when 1 speak to you, the city
treasury has paid more to guard this city than the-
national Treasury has paid. The report shows
it, and the figures are given; they are officially
reported to us. I have seen by the newspapers—
I have asked for no official report of it, because I
have not had time, and have not thought it ne-
cessary—that the city has called out one hundred
men. I have no doubt it is true. This bill pro-
poses that you shall call out one hundred. Then
you will be on an equal footing with the city. The
city has her hundred, and pays them; you have
your hundred, and pay them; she guards the day,
and you the night.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no disposition to pro-
long this debate; but I must say to the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee, that he misappre-
hended my remarks in relation to the duty of the
Federal Government to sustain this place, and
make provision for the citizens here. He said
that we were equally bound to the citizens of St.
Louis, or any other citizen of the Union, as to the
( people of this city. Now, I have no doubt that
i a very large proportion of the appropriations mado
' here benefit, in a great degree, other cities. The
greater portion of the expense foi the public build-
ings is paid, for their erection and embellishment,
to mechanics and artists who came from a distance
—from Philadelphia, Now York, Richmond, and
other places. They are the persons who receive
the money, not the citizens of Washington; and
for that reason the money expended here is not
chargeable to Washington. If individuals resid-
ing m Washington absorbed all the appropriations
made in the District, and all the money paid oat
here by the Government, doubtless they would
be in a better situation, and would have an amount
of wealth that would enable them to defray all the
expenses incident to a city government. I think
there are obligations resting upon us to appro-
priate money for this District that do not exist
elsewhere. Other cities have no immediate con-
nection with the legislative bodies and govern-
, mental officers of the United States. This city
i has; and for that reason it is necessary that appro-
priations be made here to promote and forward
; the public business which are not necessary in
other cities. They are commercial cities, notde-
! pendent on the Government. They do not labor
| and toil for the Government, and do not receive
1 their nay from it. A large amount of theappro-
j priations made by this Government should be
! distributed here, because the people whom it cm-
I ploys and pays reside here temporarily, if not
| permanently. This circumstance makes the ex-
j pense of city government fall heavily on the res-
f ident population, because the employes of the
Government are generally from other places. If
the property-holders here were to bear all th'c ex-
penses of the city government, taxation would be
exceedingly onerous—much more so than tn any
other city of the Union. I wish gentlemen to re-
flect that the money paid out here is not paid to
the citizens of Washington city,but to citizens of
other places, who are temporarily here; and hence
the necessity of occasional provision to relieve the
people herefrom those contingencies that the fact
of the Government being located here has pio-
duccd.
I have no disposition to protract the debate on
this subject; but I think it is very manifest that
the people of the District are not accountable for
all tiie money disbursed here, but that other cities
are to share a portion of the responsibility, whose
citizens are recipients of it.
The amendment of Mr. Johnson* , of Tennessee,
as modified, was read, as follows:
*/lud be it J-wi thei' enacted. Tiiat a tax sufficient to pay oue
