1858]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Homestead Bill—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
main. To me, sir, it is a noble theme; one worthy
an American Congress, and more than any other
which can claim our attention, calculated to illus-
trate the simplicity andgrandeur of our admirable
system of government, and to demonstrate its en-
tire capacity to insure to every citizen the full en-
joyment of those inalienable rights with which he
is endowed by his Creator—life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness.
The main provision of the bill now before the
committee consists in the liberal appropriation
contained in the first section, in the following
words:
" That any person who is tlie head of a family, or who
has arrived at the age of twenty-one years, and is a citizen
of the United States, or who shall have filed liis intention
to become such, as required by the naturalization laws of
the United States, shall, from and after the passage of this
act. be entitled to entei, free of cost, one quarter section of
vacant and unappropriated public lands which may, at the
time the application is made, be subject to private entry,
at $1 25 per acre, or a quantity equal thereto, to be located
in a body, in conformity with the legal subdivisions of the
public lands, and afterthesame shall have been surveyed."
The other sections of the bill are either explan-
atoryof the first or designed to guard againstmis-
take or fraud in its execution. Its general pur-
port and object is, as its title indicates, to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public do-
main.
What is the extent of this domain, or rather
of the area of the public lands of the United
States, unoccupied and open to settlement at this
time? The last report issued from the Interior
Department supplies the necessary data to answer
this question. " The public domain," the Sec-
retary of the Interior informs us, " covers a sur-
face exclusive of water, of one thousand four hun-
dred and fifty million acres. It stretches across
the continent, and embraces every variety of cli-
mate and soil, abounding in agricultural, mineral,
and timber wealth, everywhere inviting to enter-
prise, and capable of yielding support to man."
The title of the United States to this almost limit-
less territory is derived from the voluntary ces-
sions of several of the original thirteen States; from
the Louisiana purchase under the treaty of 1803,
by the treaty of 1819 with Spam; by the treaty
of 1848 With Mexico; by the boundary agree-
ment between the Government and Texas, and
lastly, by the accession of territory m 1854, from
Mexico, known as the Gadsden purchase, by
which we acquired twenty-three million one hun-
dred and sixty-one thousand acres south of the
river Gila. To ascertain more accurately the
quantity of public lands now undisposed of, we
take from the whole number of acres, namely, 1
one thousand four hundred and fifty million, that ■
which is disposed of, whether by private claims, ;
grants, sales, &c., namely, three hundred and ,
sixty-three million eight hundred and sixty-two '
thousand four hundred and sixty-four, and we !
have an area still to be disposed of, namely, one
thousand and eighty-six million one hundred and
thirty-seven thousand five hundred and thirty-six
acres.
Let us suppose that, by some miraculous man-
ifestations of Him who ruleth the Univeise, the j
United States were called upon to become the j
grand almoner of mankind—to provide a home- j
stead for every white man, woman, and child on ]
the globe; what would be our first step in fulfill-
ing this apparently impossible requirement ? We
would ascertain first, how many we would have
to provide for; and second, how much we could
give to each without disturbing the present con-
dition of landed property, or iuterfei ing with ex-
isting rights. The population of the globe is
estimated at one thousand million, of which the
Caucasian or white race, including all the na-
tions of Europe and their descendants in America,
also the Hindoos, Persians, and Arabians in Asia,
and the Abyssinians, Egyptians, and Moors, in
Africa, comprise about four hundred and twenty
million souls. Strange as it may seem, it is
nevertheless true, that, with the present area of
the public domain, which our Government holds
for the general benefit of all the people of these
United States, we could give to every member of
this great Caucasian family, in fee simple, a home-
stead of over two and a half acres of good culti-
vable land. Nay, sir, such is the munificence
with which a kind Providence has endowed our
young and prosperous Republic, that we could, at
this moment, give to every one of the inhabitants
of the globe, white, black, and red, witHouteither
crowding or jostling our own population of twenty-
five millions, a lot of ground sufficiently large to
build a dwelling and necessary out-houses, and
raise asufficiencyof produce for comfortable sub-
sistence.
The proper disposal of the public lands has
proved to be a'fruitful subject of controversy ever
since we became an independent people. It formed
a most serious obstacle in the way of a mutual un-
derstanding and agreement among the original
Thirteen States, atthe time of the formation of the
Confederation. Some of these States, as it is well
known, set up an exclusive right to large tracts
of land, which others of them regarded as com-
mon property acquired by conquest, and that, in
consequence, the title was in the whole Thirteen
States, in common, and not in any one of them,
separately. This controversy assumed a grave
character, and presented a formidable difficulty in
forming the Articles of Confederation; and wc
find that, when these articles were under con-
sideration, the following amendment was pro-
posed:
"That the United States in Congress assembled shall
have the sole and exclusive right anrl power to ascertain
and fix the western boundaiy of such States as claim to the
Mississippi or South sea, and layout the land beyond the
boundary so ascertained into separate and independent
States from time to time, as. the number and circumstances
of the people may requue."
On this amendment but one State, Maryland,
voted; and when the Articles of Confederation
were subsequently submitted for ratification, this
very question proved to bo the most fruitful source
of embarrassment, and delayed for a length of
time the consummation of the general design. Ever
among the first of her sister States in all that con-
cerns the safety or honor of the Union, New York
came forwaid with a proposition for a settlement
of the question on a basis that would prove ac-
ceptable to her sister States. In March, 1780, her
Legislature passed an act proposing to make the
cession of these public lands on terms that would
prove satisfactory to all, and which ultimately re-
sulted in putting an end to the controversy.
In the preamble to this act, the cause of diffi-
culty is succinctly recited; and an earnest desire is
expressed on behalf of the people of the State of
New York to remove the impediment. This act
of the Legislature of my State was referred to Con-
gress; and the whole subject was ably reviewed
by a committee of that body in a report setting
forth the necessity of a general cession of the pub-
he lands, and the uses to which they should be
appropriated, under the control of the General
Government. Soon after, and early in 1781, the
cession of New York was executed. The deed
of cession conveys the property to the United
States; and restricts the right of disposal to Con-
gress, and only for the benefit of the whole peo-
ple. The woids of cession are " cede, transfer,
and forever relinquish,"&c.," to be granted, dis-
posed of, and appropriated in such manner only
as the Congress of the said States, or confederated
States, shall order and direct." The deed of Vir-
ginia was executed in 1784; and cedes unto the
United States, in Congress assembled, all right
and claim, as well of soil as of jurisdiction, of her
public domain. Massachusetts followed, then
Connecticut, South Carolina, and subsequently,
to the formation of the Constitution, North Car-
olina and Georgia. All the deeds of cession con-
form, in spirit and letter, to the resolve of Con-
gress on the subject, adopted on the 10th day of
October, 1780, in these words:
" That the unappropriated lands that may be ceded or re-
linquished to the United States by any particular State, pur-
suant to the recommendation of Congress of the 6th of Sep-
tember last, shall be disposed of for the common benefit of
the United States, and be settled and formed into distinct
republican States, which shall become members of the Fed-
eial Union, and have the same light of sovereignty, free-
dom, and independence as the other States; that the said
lands shall be granted or settled at such times and under
such regulations as shall hereafter be agreed on by the Uni •
ted States m Congress assembled, or any nine or more of
them."
The title is thus vested in Congress by the sev-
eral ceding States, and the power to dispose of
them, conformably to the conditions of the sev-
eral grants, is expressly declared in that clause
of the Constitution which provides that:
" Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the territory and
other property belonging to the United Stages." . -
These are historical facts which underlie the
public-land system of the United States—consti-
tutional land-marks which must ever be.closely
observed in any disposition which shall be matje
of this great public trust, " * '
It is true, that in-the mist and fo^sijf pai;ty
strife, and in the dim twilight of accidental and
short-lived power, when the sun of Democracy
had suffered partial eclipse, or when some other
similar phenomenon had, for a time, obscuredour
political firmament,' these facts were forgotten
and these land-marks were overlooked; but the
brood of unconstitutional measures, which, dur-
ing these intervals, sprung up, with reference to
the public lands, soon died out. But few of them
emerged from their chrysallis form? and all we
know of them is that they dragged with them,
into the grave of oblivion, to which they have
long since been consigned, the political reputation
of every man who shared in their paternity. And
here 1 wish not to be misunderstood. Without
committing mysetf by any declaration of bow I
should have voted on particular occasions, and m
reference to particular bills disposing of portions
of our public lands to the new States, J -have no
hesitation in excepting from the general class of
measures to which I have just alluded, three
classes of grants—two of which stand upon their
own inherent, and, to a certain extent, inalienable
merits, and the other upon principles of expedi-
ency suggested by a wise and prudent perform-
ance of the public trust. I refer to the measures
appropriating school lands, swamp lands, and
land for railroad purposes.
It is known that, without some express stipula-
tion to the contrary, the new States created out
of the territory of the United States, would have
the unquestionable power to tax, for State-pur-
poses, all the lands lying within the limits of their
jurisdiction, withoutreference to ownership. The
exercise of this power by the States, over the pub-
lic territory within their limits, would necessarily
complicate the land system of the United States,
and might lead to unpleasant, and perhaps dan-
gerous collisions between the Federal and State
authorities. To guard against these difficulties,
it has been the practice of the Government, from
our earliest history, to enter into a compact with
the State seeking admission, by which the United
States agrees to transfer to the new State one sec-
tion of land in each township for "the use of
schools," and five percent, of the net proceeds of
the sale of the public lands lying within the State,
after deducting all expenses incident to the same
for public roads.
" Provided, That the foregoing propositionsherem offered
are on the condition that the said convention which shall
form the constitution of said State shall provide, by a clause
in said constitution, or an ordinance, irrevocable without
the consent of the United States, that said State shall never
interfere with the primary disposal of the soil within the
same by the United States, nor with any regulations Con-
gress may find necessary for securing the title m such soil
to bona jide purchasers thereof; and that no tax shall be
imposed on lands the propeity of the United States ; and
thatin no ca&e shall non-resident proprietors be taxed higher
than lesidents.*'
In reference to this provision the Hon. Mr.
Faulkner, of Virginia, in his instructive and able
address on the land policy of the United States,
says:
" The grant of school lands, &c., is made as a consider-
ation for the attainment of three important objects:
" 1. That the State shall never interfere with the primaiy
dispo«>al of the soil within the same by the United States.
••3. That no tax t-hali be imposed on lands the propeity
of the United States.
'•3. That in no case shall non-resident proprietors be
taxed higher than lesideuts."
"The importance of these stipulations," con-
tinues Mr.^aulknek, " may be at once seen by
reference to the fact that we have at this time,
exclusive of California,four hundred and seven-
ty-one million eight hundred and ninety-two
thousand four hundred and thirty-nine acres of
land lying within the jurisdiction of the States,
which is altogether exempt from taxation." As
remarked by Mr. Webster, in January, 1839:
" Whilst held by the United States, these lands are not
subject to State taxation. They contribute nothing to the
buidens thrown on other lands. Here is a great proprietor
in a State, holding large territory, exempt from common
buidens."
On the subject of the swamp lands, Mr. Faulk-
