%m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
bslf^fthe annual erpense incurred by carrying ttiis aet into
effect,shall be annually assessed upon the rent and-personal
property ami p.r>JJ^ oftbp city of Washington, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of tiie Interior, who is hereby au
thoiizfd ami directed to mal;e«uch rules and regulations as
shall be necessary tor the collection of such tax ; and the
same shall be assessed- and collected m ihr manner now .
provided by law for the annual collection of municipal taxes
of said city!
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. Now I renew, my motion to fill
the blank-in the eighth section with " $75,000."
-The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out the fifth
section of this bill; and I hope the chairman of
the committee will consent to it. The bill pro-
vides for raising one hundred men, authorizes the
President to appoint a chief, and we have-appro-
priated; by the provisions of the bill, $75,000 an-
nually for the purpose. The Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky has warned us to-day against Executive
influences and Executive powers. I think we had
better strike out' the fifth section, which author-
izes the President to call out two hundred persons
for temporary purposes, at two dollars a day. It
is trusting the President with a great deal of
Eower. I do not think it will be necessary, for I
elieve the raising of the one hundred men, and
appropriating $75,000, if the chief is a good offi-
cer, and appoints proper men, will accomplish all
the Senate desires. I fear that this section, if it -
remains, will endanger the passage of the bill
through Congress. There will be a great deal of |
opposition to this measure—more than I had an- ,
ticipated. I think authorizing the President to 1
call out two hundred men for temporary purposes
will give no strength to the bill; and I do not be- !
lieve it will be necessary. Therefore, I move to j
strike it out. '
Mr. BROWN. I want to explain, in a word, j
to the Senatorfrom Massachusetts why that sec- \
tion was inserted. I suppose one half of the ■
friends of this bill at least, perhaps a larger pro- I
portion, think that one hundred men will not be '
sufficient to keep the peace here at all times, but J
in ordinary times it will be quite sufficient. The j
election comes on here in June, and I find whis- i
peririgs of riot on both sides, apprehensions ex- I
pressed that you aie to have the scenes—I will !
commence South—of New Orleans, Louisville, !
Baltimore, Washington, and other places, reen- j
acted. 1 do not feel exactly authorized to bring ■
in a bill to keep a permanent force here as large as
two hundred men, when perhaps the whole force
would not be called into actual requisition more
than once a year, perhaps not more than once in
two-years. But if you are to have the scenes of
last-June reenacted here, then I propose to pro-
vide in this bill that the President of the United
States, instead of calling out the marines, or any
portion of the Army, or anything which is rec-
ognized as the military power of this Govern-
ment, shall simply increase for the time being this
auxiliary force. That is all the section means.
Now, is it not better to allow the President, in
case of an emergency, to interpose a civil auxil-
iary force, than to permit him to exercise his dis-
cretion in calling out the marines, or any portion
of the Army. 1 have an instinctive horror and
dread, which I cannot shake oiT, of calling in the
militaiy power of this Government to take any
part in your civil affairs. As I have said before
in the course of this debate, it struck me with
horror when I heard that the marines had been
paraded in the streets of Washington. I know
to what dreadful consequences these things must
lead. But if we are to have noting at the next
election—and when I speak of rioting, I do not
mean to say that this party or that party is more
or less to blame—this provision will be necessary.
Peaceable, orderly citizens want quiet, and the
Government ought to let them have it. This sec-
tion will give it to them through the peaceful
agency of a citizen auxiliary force, the real city
police. I cannot consent to give it up. I think
it is one of the vital parts of the bill. I have no
dream that this additional force will ever be called
for, except under the circumstances anticipated
by the bill—that in the case of a riot or serious
disturbance, the President of the United States
may authorize a temporary increase of force, and
disband it, as the bill requires, just so soon as the
emergency which calls it into existence shall have
passed away.
Mr. WILSON. There is a great deal of force
in what the Senator from Mississippi says. It
may be that there will be riots at the next election
here as there were at the last; but I would sug-
gest to the Senator that,'if this authority be put
in the hands of the President to add a couple of
hundred men to this force, to be called out at that
particular juncture, it may perhaps be regarded
here as having been brought out for the purpose
of carrying and controlling the election. I appre-
hend this may be the case. I_do not wish, how-
ever, to press this amendment, and I defer a great
dea.1 to the judgment of the Senatorfrom Missis-
sippi m this matter. This force of one hundred
men, raised for the purpose of watching during
the night, can be used to preserve the peace of
the city on election day. Besides, as the Senator
says, there is a city force of about one hundred
men, and the Mayor has it in his power to call on
the citizens, and if he is a good officer, fit for his
place, he will do so. I think the Senator from
Mississippi had better consent to have this sec-
tion go out of the bill; but, at the same time, I
shall not press the matter upon the consideration
of the Senate.
I believe good men can be found for this force,
and in this I disagree with the Senator from Geor-
gia, who thinks these men.will be selected from
I that class who are making all this trouble. I be-
lieve a good chief can find one hundred substan-
tial, law-abiding, God-fearing men, in this city,
who will serve for $600 a year, who will perform
these duties properly. I believe there are men
who read their Bibles, who go to church, who are
poor men, in this city, law-abiding men, whom
you can hire for $600 a year to watch during the
night, who have no sympathy and no connection
with rowdyism. I have no fear but that you can
get good men, if you put a proper officer at the
head of the force, and take it out of politics. If
the object is to enforce law, and have order and
protection in tiiis city, i have no fear about it at
all. But I do not see the necessity of this pro-
vision, and I think it will weaken the bill in this
branch and in the other, for it will be said that it
is conferring too much power on the Executive
of the United States. I learn that the measure has
been before the other House to-day, and that a
great deal of opposition was manifested to it
there. I withdraw my motion, however, and
leave the matter to the chairman of the commit-
tee, in whom I have a great deal of confidence.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the motion is withdrawn,
I will renew it. I really do not think this section
ought to remain in the bill. I think the Senator
from Massachusetts is right in his objections to
it. I can see no earthly necessity for the addi-
tional corps required by this section of paid po-
licemen. Surely not for the purposes the Senator
from Mississippi suggests. If we are to have a
riot at an election, if a riot is anticipated, it will
be very easy for the night police and the day po-
lice, if at all efficient, so to control the polls in so
small a city as this as effectually to preserve peace.
This section provides for the calling out, in the
discretion of the Executive, of an additional body
of paid men. Why do you want men paid at
two dollars a day for a few hours' service. If it
is only for election purposes, the election lasts
but a single day. and these riots come up sud-
denly. Will }0u have the President authorized
in advancc to have one hundred men employed on
election day at two dollars apiece ?
Mr. BROWN. I prefer answering that here.
The Senator asks me whether I would have them
employed in advance? 1 say, emphatically, I
would. You always have murmurings and grum-
blings before an election that you are goinj? to
have a riot. When you have a proper, efficient
force, you can keep down riot. A police force
known to be efficient, known to be available,
known to be on hand, keep down riot. If last
June the power had existed in the President to
call out this force, and it had been known that he
had exercised the power, there would not have
been a musket fired in the city of Washington,
: nor a drop of blood shed. The Federal city of
! this great nation would have escaped the odium
; of being a scene of not and bloodshed on election
! day.
| Mr. BENJAMIN". If the Senator from Mis-
: sissippi is right, we had better have a permanent
i item in the appropriation bill of $400 each year
I for two hundred pohcemcn on election day; for
I if it will only require rumors of intended riot at
an election to justify the President in employing
two hundred men at two dollars each, the rumors
will exist und-oubtedly.
Mr. BROWN. My friend puts a lower esti-
mate on human nature than I do. I do not sup-
pose these rumors would be put afloat to the
extent of influencing the chief of police, and the
captain of police, and other persons who would
have access on this "point to the President of the
United States so as to induce him to act unless
there were some real danger.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I still think the section
is an injurious one, entirely so. If there be any
real danger at any time of a riot at an election in
the city, which cannot be quelled by the two hun-
dred men of the permanent police, organized in
advance, prepared by reason of the antecedent
rumors of apprehended riot, I should think an
effective temporary police could always be organ-
ized without pay. If the citizens of this District
would not allow themselves to be organized, or
so many of them as might be necessary for pre-
serving the peace on an election day, without
being paid at the rate of two dollars per diem, I
think the further protection ought to be left to
themselves. So far as Congress is concerned, so
far as the Representatives of the nation are con-
cerned, I do not see why we should go to this
additional expense to protect them in their local
elections. If the President of tlie United States
were euthorized to call out this additional police
force, when violence was apprehended, without
pay, I might, perhaps, agree that it would be a
salutary provision; but if you put this provision
in the bill for pay, however low my estimate of
human nature may be, I am satisfied that two hun-
dred men will be called for at every election ever
held in Washington. I think it is a bad provis-
ion; I believe it will injure the bill, and I do not
suppose it adds anything to its efficiency.
Mr. MASON. I should be very averse to strik-
ing this provision from the bill. I do not under-
stand that this power is to be invoked only in
order to repress riot at elections. If it should be-
come necessary to use it for that purpose, I think
it would be very well used on the part of the Pres-
ident; but in framing this bill, with an earnest de-
sire to make it efficient, at the same time there
was a desire on the part of the committee not to
make it more expensive than the occasion might
really call for. Nobody can tell, however, in such
a city as this,whether one hundred policemen will
be adequate to the ends to be attained by the bill
of preserving the peace of the city and the lives
of the inhabitants. It is a very large city in space,
although not as densely populated as other cities
are, but these men may be lurking in every quarter
of the city. I confess that I am greatly surprised
to find the extent to which they already pervade
the city. My purpose was in the humble share I
took in preparing the bill in committee, to give a
force sufficient, cffcctually, and at once, to.sup-
press the rapine, the murder which is taking place
in every quarter of the city. I presume, therefore,
in the exercise of his discretion if it shall be found
that one hundred men are not sufficient, the Pres-
ident will at once employ fifty or one hundred
more for the very purpose of the bill to afford a
police for the city.
So far as riots at elections are concerned, or any
other riots, I do not at all sympathize with hon-
orable Senators who have expressed regret that
the military arm was called in to suppress these
riots. Sir, I have always considered that when
men are in arms against the law, whether to pre-
vent an election, or for any other purposes, they
were to be treated as enemies, and shot down as
such. No power is so effective for that purpose
as the military arm. They are to be treated as
the worst kind of enemies, for they are insidious
domestic enemies, under the garb of friends. I
am not one of those who are at all scrupulous in
using the military arm when it is necessary to
suppress insurrection, treating the insurgents as
domestic foes, and treating them as I would treat
all other foes.
I tlunk it may be necessary also to insert an-
other provision, and while up I would mention
it. I think it has been the purpose of the Senate
to make tins an efficient bill; but thefe is one fea-
ture wanting to make it an efficient bill, and that
! is to authorize theproper authorities, ifnecessary,
to employ horses for the purpose of tiansportiug
their commanders, or men, from place to place.
