432
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
:35tH%ong....1st Sess.
Homestead Bill—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
'nbr is so fall, and at the same time so concise,
that I shall again quote from his excellent essay:
" In almost every State or Territory of the United States,
Where the Government holds pubjic lands,and more par-
ticularly in the southern State? of Louisiana^ ArKansas,
Missouri, and Florida^ are found large parcels of it over-
-flowed by water." "These lands are entirely unfit-for'culti-
vation, indeed not susceptible of being surveyed, and serve
'buttoiftfeetttie States m which they are situated withdis-
>G?§e, not .confined to the lauds themselves, but spreading
'feF*an4 Wide yi the adjacent country, and depieciatingthe
&oihaln'beI<&ging to'the Government within the reach of
the miasma'arising from thfem. The existence of such a
nuisance in the States was, for many years, asubjectofloud
complaint. Congress at length yielded to these just com-
plaints, andty act of the 28th of September, 1850, granted
•to the States'in which they weie located, 4 the whole of
' those swamp and overflowed lands, made unfit thereby for
t cultivation.' * * -* 'Provided, That the proceods of
sai4 lands, whether from sale or by dnect appropriation in
* kind, sha 1 be applied exclusively, as far as necessary, to
the purpose of reclaiming said lands.' The States would, !
doubtless, have much preferred that the General Govern-
* menthad retained the lands and undertaken itself the work
* of drainage. But in the absence of any such improbable
action by the Federal Government, it was not to be endured
that these lands should remain in their then condition,
unfit for sale, destructive of the value of the adjacent pub-
lic-domain, and a souicc of disease.and death to the inhab-
itants of the States. So manifest seemed the propriety of
this measure, granting the 'swamp lands' to the States for
that purpose, that the bill passed the Senate without a dis-
senting voice, while m the House it passed by a vote of 120
yeas to 53 nays."
-The other class of grants, namely, railroad
gratits, do not rest upon the same obvious and in-
defeasible grounds of consideration and necessity.
Still they are supported by strong arguments, and
perhaps by stronger names. The late Secretary
.of the Interior says, in reference to them:
"The right to donate a part for the enhancement of the
value of the residue can no longer be questioned. The
principle has be,en adopted and acted upon for nearly thirty ;
years, and since experience has shown it to be productive j
of so much good, no sound reason Is perceived why it should [
now be abandoned. It has boon of incalculable importance j
to the great West, and cither directly or indirectly to all the j
States." |
That the policy of railroad grants, however, is i
liable to abuse, and perhaps to extravagance and
corruption, is not so free fiom doubt as is the mere j
question of its constitutionality. Few of our cit- !
izens can over expect to occupy the alternate sec- j
tions as actual settlers, because few such can j
gratify the enormous cupidity of the speculators i
into whose hands they mostgencrally pass. This, i
however, is one of the evils which the present bill j
proposes to remove, and which, on this ground, |
if no other existed, should commend the measure [
to universal acceptation. On the subject of these j
.railroad grants, however, lam willing to indorse, :
to the fullest extent, the views of the present Ex- j
ecutive, as communicated to this House in his lust i
annual message: |
" Whilst the public lands, as a source of icvenue, are of
great importance, llieii iiii[ioitanc(i is fai greatm" aa-tui mail-
ing homes for a hardy and independent lace of honest and
industrious citizens, who desire to subdue and cullivate the
soil. They ought to be administered mainly with a view of
promoting this wi^c and benevolent policy. In appiopiiiumi;
them for any other purpose, we ought to use even gteater
economy than if they had been convened lnlo money and
the proceeds were already in the public TieaKury. To
squander away this richest and noblest inheritance winch
any people have ever enjoyed, upon objects of doubtful con-
stitutionality or expediency, would be to violate one of the
inostimporunt trust1- ever committed toanypeople. Whilst
1 do not deny to Conarress the povvei, when acting bona Jhle
us a proprietor, to give away portions of them for the pur-
pose of increasing the value of the remainder, yet, consid-
ering the gn-at temptation to abuse this power, we cannot
be too cautious in its exercise.1'
With respect to the various other modes pro-
posed at different periods, and by different par-
ties, to dispose of what Mr. Clay, in 1832, prop-
erly denominated "a great public national trust,"
there is now but one opinion among all classes of
politicians. They have passed away; and 1 trust
we shall hear of them no more. The questions of
dividing the public lands among the Slates, of
distributing the proceeds of the pubhc lands, &e.,
were in such palpable violation of the constitu-
tional powers of Congiess, that for twenty years
an express clause was inserted in the national
platform of the party with which I am connected
in the following words:
" That the Constitution does not confer authority upon
the Fedeial Government, dirpclly or indirectly, to assume
the debts of the several States., cnntiaeted for local and in-
terna! improvements, or othei State purposes; nor would
such assumption be I'M or expedient.
" That tii-' proceeds of the public lands ought to be sa-
credly applied 10 die national objects specified in the Con-
stitution, and that wo are opposed to any law for the dis-
tribution of such proceeds among the States, as alike inex-
pedient in policy and repugnant to the Constitution."
These and other objections which have been
urged, and I must confess with much force, against
distribution*or cession among the States, as well
as against any disposition of the public lands,
having a partial or special application whether to
States or corporations, disappear in view of the
general application contemplated by the provis-
ions of this bill. Indeed, in carefully reading over
the arguments, as to the constitutional question,
of Webster, Clay,Calhoun, Benton,and of others
whose names are prominently connected with the
different land questions, I find that the very terms
in which these objections have, at different pe-
riods, been stated, not only logically imply, but in
some instances directly declare an assent to the
principles and a concurrence in the general objects
of any bill which, in the language of Mr. Clay,
assumes that the General Government is " bound
to hold and administer the lands ceded as a com-
mon fund for the use and benefit of all the States,
and for no other use or purpose whatever," and
on this assumption, proposes to dispose of this
common fund in such manner as will benefit the
whole people without discrimination, and in an
equal degree. And the reason mustappear obvi-
ous to every one, because what was ceded ex-
pressly for the benefit of the whole people " of all
the States," and what was acquired by the com-
mon blood, or the common treasure of all alike,
should inure to the common benefit of all, and not
to the exclusive use of private monopolies, or even
of individual States. I apprehend, however, that
we shall encounter but little opposition on con-
stitutional grounds; that gentlemen will hardly be
willing to go before their constituents and tell them
that, because of constitutional objections which do
not exist, they voted against a measure so essen-
tially Democraticand popular, so imperatively de-
manded by the great mass of our fellow-citizens,
so just and so necessary, in view of the investiga-
tions of the last and present Congress, that I look
upon the homestead bill as the only means now
left us to cut oil forever the fruitful source of the
corruption and perjury which have already dis-
graced us in the eyes of (he world. And here 1
might pause, and be willing to Irust the fate of the
measure I advocate to the influence which this
view cannot fail to suggest in its support.
It is objected by those who have heretofore op-
posed bills of this kind, that the loss of revenue
which would accrue to the Government forms
one of the piincipal grounds on which their ob-
jection rests;and the precise form in which they
arc enabled to present this difficulty gives to it an
apparent weight which has influenced, to some
extent, the public mind. They parade before us
the Treasury reports, and marshal in their de-
fense quite a formidable array ofdollars and cents.
Of the many objections urged against the home-
stead bill, this levenuo one I regard as the most
fallacious, and least creditable to a great, prosper-
. ous nation like ours. Our progress in the career
| of national greatness is unequaled in the history
of man. In territorial extent, as we are informed
by the last census, wo are ten times as large as
Great Britain and France combined; three times
as large as France, Great Britain, Austria, Prus-
sia, Spain, Portugal, Belgium, Holland, and Den-
mark together; only one sixth less than the area
covered'by all the Empires, States, and Repub-
lics of Europe; and of equal extent with the Em-
i pire of the mad Macedonian who wept teais be-
cause he had no more worlds to conquer.
We stand first among the nations of the earth
in commercial power, and we yield to none in that
spirit of national pride which atlaehes more or
less to evety man who has a country he can call
his own. Our population has increased from a
I little over three millions to nearly thirty millions,
J and we have not yet much exceeded the span
i usually assigned to the life of man. A.nd yet, in
j legislating for the masses of the American people
j who constitute this great nation, in devising the
1 best means to give profitable employment and pcr-
'! manetu homes to the pent-up thousands who are
| found in our large cities, without employment and
I without the means of subsistence; when we de-
, i sire to subdue our unbroken forests and spread
: out our population across the Rooky Mountains,
|] and over the fertile plains which our new Terri-
tories have added to the sum of our national re-
sources, we are met with the paltry objection
that it will diminish our revenues by the stupend-
ous amount of about three million dollars a year!
This is about the average sum which our public
lands yield one year with another. Three mil-
lion dollars! Let us look into this argument for
a moment. Suppose that ten thousand male adults
should &pply for the benefits of this bill the first
year after it has become a law. It would require
one million six hundred thousand jicres to give
each one the prescribed quantity. Are we to sup-
pose that these ten thousand citizens are to be
mere drones in the body-politic of the nation; and
that these one million six hundred thousand acres
of land are to remain unproductive? That they
will not yield sufficient corn and wheat and hemp
and tobacco and perhaps cotton to swell our na-
tional exports, and to increase our national im-
ports? The supposition, even if the bill did not
exact permanent occupation and cultivation as a
condition requisite to perfect title, would be ridic-
ulous and absurd. Anditshould be borne in mind
that, assuming twenty per cent, as an average rate
of duty on imports, it would require an increased
importation of only §15,000,000 in value, to make
up dollar for dollar the amount of the revenue
from lands which would be retired by the passage
of the bill. And another fact gives still greater
force to thisviewof the case. It is this: the pub-
lic lands, as a source of revenue, must go on di-
minishing from year to year until they areentirely
exhausted, while the augmented revenue arising
from the operations of the homestead bill will in-
crease from year to year, and continue increasing
so long as we exist as a civilized nation.
But, sir, after all, this is but the Shylock view
of a question fraught with so much that affects
our glorious destiny and our future progress. If
we look at it as becomes patriots and statesmen,
mere dollars and cents will vanish altogether from
our view, and the living, moving elements of our
real national wealth will rise up in all their grand-
cur before our eyes. Dollars and cents are the
miser's argument, but they are not a nation's
wealth. That, sir, consistsin dross; this is com-
posed of freemen only. The mother of the Grac-
chi uttered a sentiment worthy the best days of
Rome, when, pointing to her sons, she said,
" these are my jewels." Truly has the poet an-
swered his own interrogatory:
il What constitutes a State?
Not high-rai^d battlement or laboi'd mound,
Thick "wall or moated gate.
***.****
no: men, high-minded men,
* k * * * * *
Men who their duties know,
But know their rights, arid knowing,dare maintain them."
Sir, fill up your frontier settlements with such
men; give them an interest in the soil; let them
erect their log-cabins, and plant their crops, and
they will project both from the marauding Indian
until he adopts the habits ofcivihzed life, or quietly
recedes before the onward march of American
progress. They will constitute a permanent reli-
ance for protection and defense, obnoxions neither
to the apprehensions which dread the influence of
large standing armies upon our institutions and
our liberties, nor to that tender solicitude which
vvoud spare Mormon polygamy the indiscrimi-
nate slaughter of a disciplined soldiery. This is
the way in which Great Britain fills up and pro-
tects her colonial territories. She not only gives to
her emigrant subjects homesteads, but the means
also of reclaiming thom to agricultural purposes.
It was by such measures Great Britain has suc-
ceeded in building up that stupendous colonial
empire which has never been equaled by any na-
tion, whether ancient or modern. Says one of
her own writers:
" To that empire, Groat Ihitain owe-' her presenteKaltod
station ; and to that empne mu<t <-he look foi us piesei v.i
tton and tor the preset vati >11 or' the many advantages she
possesses over othi-r nation.-. Bur, unless hoi colonic.^ are
productive; utiles thev are stocked with inhabitants by
who-e induMiy her mnchant ship5 aic loaded, how could
the colonic-* sulwerva to (hat pcunanent object ?"
Thus, it has always been her policy to grant
Crown lands, on easy terms, to actual settlers.
She does so at thi* present day, and on a princi-
ple winch combines protection with production.
It has ever been one of the cardinal principles of
British colonial policy to consider as forfeited the
