2494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Again:
* "« But at present, under the law, as now generally under-
FTood and practiced, no nation can exercise a right of visit-
ation and search upon the common and unappropriated
parts of the sea, save only on the belligerent claim. If it
be asked why the right of seareh docs not exist in time of
P^-hcp as well as in war, the answer is prompt: that it has
n*>t the same foundation on which alone it is tolerated m
m ar—the necessities of self-defense. They introduced it
«> war, and practice has established it."
-He gives an instance where Britain herself re-
fiisted such a claim:
u A recent Swedish claim of examination on the high
though confined to foreign ships bound to Swedish
ports, and accompanied in a manner not very consistent or,
intelligible, with a disclaimer of all right of visitation, was
resisted by our Government a& unlawful, and wab finally
withdrawn."
He disposes of some of the grounds on which
the claim was rested:
* u It is next said that every country has a right to enforce
IT? own navigation laws ; and so it certainly has, so far as it
does not interfere with the rights of others. It has a right
10 see that its own vessels are duly navigated, but it has no
right in consequence to visit and search all the apparent
vessels of other countries on the high seas, in order to in-
stitute an inquiry whether they are not in truth British ves-
sels violating British laws. No such light lias ever been
claimed, nor can it be exercised, without the oppression of
interrupting and harassing the real and lawful navigation of
other countries ; for the right of search when it exists at all,
is universal, and will extend to vessels of all countries.55
* * * * "It is no objection to say that British
ships may thus, by disguise, elude the obligations of British
law. The answer of the foreigner is ready, that you have
no right to provide against the inconvenience, by imposing
a hurden upon his navigation. If the question were even
reduced to this, that either all British ships might fraudu-
lently escape, or all foreign ships be injuriously harassed,
Great Britain could not claim the option to embrace the
tatter branch of the alternative. When you complain that
the regulation cannot be enforced without the exercise of
such a right, the answer again is, that you ought not to
make regulations which you cannot enfoicc without ties-
passing on the rights of others. If it were a matter by winch
your own safety was affected, the necessities of self-defense
would fully justify; but in a matter in which your own
safety is in no degree concerned, you have no ught to pre-
vent a su.->pected injustice towards another, by committing
an actual injustice of your own."
In reference to the alleged object—the suppres-
sion of the slave trade—he declares:
H To every man it must have been evident that, without
0 general and sincere concurrence of all the maritime States
the principle and in the proper modes of pursuing it, com-
paratively but little of positive good could be acquired ; so
xar, at least, as the interest* of the victims of this commerce
were concerned m it; and to every man who looks to the
rival claims of these States, to the established habits of
trade, to their real or pretended wants, to their diffeicnt
modes of thinking, and to their leal mode of acting upon
1 ins particular subject, it must be equally evident that Mich
a concurrence was matter of very dillictiU attainment. But
the difficulty of the attainment will not legalize mcasutcs
that are otheiwise illegal. To pie^s foiward to a gieatpnn-
ciple by bieaking through every other gteat principle that
stands in the way of its establishment; to lorce the way to
the liberation of Africa by trampling on the independence
of other State.- in Euiope ; in short, to pmenre an eminent
good by means that are unlawful, is as little consonant to
private moiahty as to public justice." * * * *
<k ff f felt it necessary to press the consideration further,
it would be by stating the gigantic mnehiefc winch Mich a
claim is likely te piuduce. It is no secret, particularly m
tins place, that the light of seaieh in tune of war, though
unquestionable, is not submitted to without complaint loud
and hitter, in spite of all the modifications that can he ap-
plied to it." * * * * * * *
" But to establish the consequence required, it is fir^t ne-
cessary to establish the right to Intel pose by (oice to pre
vent the commission of crime, commences, not upon the
commencement of the oveit act, nor upon the evident ap-
proach towards it; but on the baie surmise grounded on the
mere possibility ; for unless it goes that length it will not
support the right of foicible inquuy and search. What aie
the proximate circumstances which confer on you the ught
of inuudmg yourself into a {oicurn ship, over which you
have no authority whatever, or of demanding the stibmis-
t-ton of Us ciew to yourmquisy whethci they'mean to deal
in the tiatlie of slaves, not in our countiy, but in one m
winch you have no connection?"
Mr. Webster in his celebrated discussion on
this point, soon after the negotiation of the Ash-
burton treaty, takes the same ground, and he un-
equivocally establishes, in my judgment, the fact
that all the publicists who had written on the sub-
ject used, the words visit and visitation, where
they are used, so as to imply the broadest and
most unlimited right of search. Mr. Webster,
too, in writing* to General Cass, who put forth a
document in 1841, on this very subject, in Paris,
approves it entirely, and instructs him that the
Executive approved everything he said in that
pamphlet. It will be recollected that Great Bri-
tain did not pretend to exercise this alleged right
m time of peace, and she sought privilege from
the Powers of Europe to exercise it over their
vessels. Hence, in 1833, she negotiated a treaty
with France to permit her to examine French
vessels in order that they might guard against the
slave trade. France has always been jealous of
Britain's power on the deep, and she refused to
concede it except in certain specified latitudes.
In 1841, Great Britain sought to enlarge these
latitudes, that she might have an unlimited right
of search; she sought to include in that right
other Powers, and the quintuple treaty was ne-
gotiated. It was then that General Cass stepped
forward, and by unanswerable argum-ent showed
the French people what the right of search was,
and by his interposition the French Minister,
Guizot, and Louis Philippe, who had negotiated
this treaty, refused to ratify it, and it was not
ratified, and they have no right this day to search
the French vessels on the deep.
It is very remarkable, sir, too, that the exercise
of this right, for the first time since the last war,
on a general scale, except in occasional and iso-
lated instances,should have immediately followed
the refusal of this Government to entertain cer-
tain propositions on the slave question. We can-
not solace ourselves with the reflection that this
right is being exercised by indiscreet naval offi-
cers, that they are pushing their rights to an ex-
treme. It is not thus that Britain's naval officers
ever perform their duty. They have their in-
structions from the admiral at Jamaica, and he
has his instructions from the home Government,
and under those instructions they are acting now.
It is to meet it here, that I am disposed to use
a little moie vigor. I am fully aware of the re-
sponsibility of taking any active measures to re-
dress it. The true interests of our country, and
of our race, equally point to ours as a mission of
peace on earth. They equally declare to the Gov-
ernments of the world—and we have so declared
our policy—that war with us is an ultimatum,
and that war should be the last resort for injured
wrongs. Calamitous at all times as war is, a
contest between Great Britain and our country,
freighted as they are with the liberties and hopes
of mankind; united by ties more precious than
those which connectany two nations of the earth;
equally cherishing the language of Shakspeare,
the liberties of Magna Charta, and the religion of
Christ, would present a struggle whose conse-
quences could neither be foreshadowed nor esti-
mated. And yet, sir, I would brave all theknown,
all the imaginary evils of such a contest, and
make every sacrifice consistent with honor to
maintain it, rather than see my country tamely
submit to this insolent outrage upon her national
honor. I would brave them all, sir, because a
tame submission to such humiliation would be
more perilous to our future than would the issue
of a hundred battles. 1 foci it, and for that reason
I am desirous to see more vigorous councils.
Mr. Webster, discussing the question of this
pretended light to verify our Hag, set up by Great
Britain, asks:
" P.ut if the vessel thus approaehod attempts to avoid the
vessel approaching, or does not eomply with her coinmand-
ci's oidei to send him her papers loi inspection, nor con-
scut to be visited oi detained, what is next to be done.5 fs
force to be u^od ? And if ioico he. u->ed, may that lorce be
lawfully lepelled? These questions lead at once to the
elementary principle, the essence of the Briti-diclatm. Sup-
pose the merchant vessel be in nuth an Annmcau vcn&el
engaged in lawful commerce, and that she, does not choose
to be detained—suppose she resist* the visit: what the
consequence? Jn all cases in which the bclligeient right
of vi-ut exists, lcpistance to the exeicise of that ught is re-
gained as just cause of condemnation, both of vessel and
caigo. Is that penalty, or what other penalty, to be in-
clined by resistance to visit in time of peace? Or suppose
that force he mot by lorce, gun returned foi gun, and the
commander of the cruisci,or some of his seamen, be killed:
what description of offense will have been committed
In the letter to General Cass to which I have
alluded, in discussing the general question, Mr.
Webster says:
"The Government of the United States, on the other
hand, maintains that there is no such well-known and ac-
knowledged, nor,indeed, any bioad and generic diftcrcnce
between what has been usually called ' vhit,' and what lias
been usually called 'search ;>*that the right of visit, to be
effectual, must come, in the end, to include search; and thus
to exeicse m peace, an authority which the law of nations
only allows in times of war. If such well-known distinc-
tion exsts, where are the pioofs of it? What writers of
authonty on public law, what adjudication in couits of ad-
im.akv, what public treaties, recognize it? No such rec-
ognition has pi evented itself to the Government of the CJin-
ted States; but,on the contiary, it understands that public
wiueis, couits of law, and solemn treaties have, for two
centimes, used the words { visit' and 'seaioh'm the same
sense. What Great Britain and (he United State-? mean by
tiie Might of scaicli,5 in its broadest sense, is called by con-
tinental writers and jurists by no other name than the£ right
oi visit.' Visit, theiefore,asithas been undeistood, implies
not only a right to inquire into the national character, but
to detain the vessel, to stop the progress of the voyage, to
examine papers, to decide on their regularity and authenti-
city, and to make inquisition on board for enemies'property,
and into the business in which the vessel is engaged. In
other words, it prescribes the entire right of belligerent vis-
itation and search." * * * * * * *
" On the whole, the Government of the United States,
while it has not conceded a mutual right of visit or search,
as has been done by the parties to the quintuple treaty of
December, 1841, does not admit that, by the law and prac-
tice of nations, there is any such thing as a right of visit,
distinguished by well-known rules and definitions from the
right of search." ********
" The President directs me to say that he approves your
letter, and warmly commends the motives which animated
you in presenting it. The whole subject is now before us
here, or will be shortly, as Lord Ashburton arrived last even-
ing; and without intending to intimate at present what
mode of settling this point of difference with England will
be proposed, you may receive two propositions as certain :
1st. That, in the absence of treaty stipulations, the Uni-
ted States will maintain the immunity of merchant vessels
on the peas to the fullest extent which the law of nations
authorizes."
Without detaining the Senate further on the
argument of Mr. Webster and the argument of
Lord Stowell,on the subject of difference between
the right of search and the right of visit, I will
simply say that Lord Stowell was brought to his
conclusion from a regular gradation of decisions.
In 1807, Sir William Grant decided the case of
the Amitie, which was a Portuguese vessel, if I
remember rightly,and justified the right of search,
the slave trade being contrary to the laws of Great
Britain. That was followed by the Diana and by
the Fortuna, and in the first case Lord Stowell
conceded the right, and felt himself bound by the
higher court and the decision of the Amitie; but
in 1817, no longer able to maintain his position
against the voice of civilized States, he totally dis-
regarded that, and expressly says in this very
decision (omitted by the Committee on Foreign
Relations) that the right of visit is a belligerent
right; and the language which he addressed to
the British captors of the Le Louis, might very
well to-day be addressed to the Ministers of
Great Britain. He asked them to put their finger
on the law which authorized them to step on
board a foreign vessel. lie informed them that
France has her rights, and if her laws have been
invaded it is for her to right herself, and that she
has delegated no such power to England.
I rejoice, sir, that the Secretary of the Navy
has so promptly responded to the general senti-
ment of the country, in sending all the disposable
force at his command to the Gulf of Mexico. The
order was simply to protect American vessels.
No British cruiser would, in the presence of an
American man-of-war, attempt to pursue this
right of search. They could very easily avoid it
without surrendering that principle. They would
say at once, "the fact that you are here in the
presence of your merchant vessel, is guarantee
that she prima facie is an American vessel, and
our vocation will not be pursued." That will be
the policy. They will seaich none while we have
a fleet there. But, if our Government had given
orders to one of our ships to ascertain who had
fired into the American vessel, and bring the of-
fending ship into port, we should have got some-
thing like a tangible position on this question.
I rejoice, too, that we have found no want of
alacrity in our Navy. Nearly every man in it—
and I believe every man—has volunteered for the
service; and the only regret is, that we have found
ourselves, in our home ports—from the failure of
Congress to provide a Navy—without such ships
as the public weal demands on this occasion, and
that we have had to fit out very inferior vessels;
indeed, almost ridiculous in their force to go to
right a wrong of this character.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have read this
report with some care. Since it was made, I have
examined the authorities to which it refers; and.
before the question is put on the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Florida, 1 propose to
amend the resolution which he moves to strike
out. I will read it as I propose to amend it:
Rcsohcd, That the reccnt and repeated violations of this
immunity committed hy vessel? of war belonging to the
Navy of Great Btitaiii, in the Gulf of Mexico and the adja-
cent seas, by filing into, interrupting, and otherwise forcibly
detaining them on their voyage, are belligerent in their char-
acter, and should be resisted at all hazards by all the power
of the country.
Nineteen years ago, sir, about this time, a cit-
izen of Maine, sent by the authorities of Maine
to a territory which was in dispute between this
country and Great Biitain, was made a prisoner.
