1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
He was not used very severely. I believe he was
carried down to one of the British towns and made
the guest of the Governor, and let go on his parole.
But when that fact was known to Congress, (and I
believe Congress was on the eve of adjournment,1
they immediately passed an act placing the whole
naval and military power of the Union at the com-
mand of the President; gave him authority to
finish all the national ships that were in construc-
tion, and build other ships and other steamboats;
to call forth all the militia of the country, and to
accept the services of fifty thousand volunteers, jn
addition to $10,000,000 of money put at his dis-
posal. That was the response which Congress
gave nineteen years ago, when a single man was
formally arrested on the disputed territory be-
tween this country and Great Britain.
Now, sir, if the report of the committee is to
be relied upon—and I have not the slightest ques-
tion that itis—that, in connection with subsequent
facts, shows that here is not a single but a con-
tinuous series of repeated aggressions upon our
commerce in derogation of the public law, as de-
cided by the highest judicial tribunals of this
country and of Great Britain. What does such
a case as that ask—argument ? Does it want any
action on the part of the Government of Great
Britain? They have had their action; and the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs tells
us—no doubt correctly—that these acts are com-
mitted by order of the admiral and commander of
the fleet,"and that he is acting by order of the
home Government. If that is so, there is but one
course for us to take. The time for argument has
o-one by. I never thought much of that man's
courage who, when his hat was knocked off, asked
the man that did it if he meant to insult him, or
threatened if he did it the second or third time he
would resist it. No, sir; I think this matter has
been discussed long enough; and, if the facts of ;
the committee be correct, and the reasoning sound, 1
as I believe they are, this Government ought to
take a decided position, and they ought to call
these acts what they are. The resolution says
that these acts—
"Requiie, in the judgment of tlie Senate, sucli unequiv-
ocal and final disposition of tlie subject by the Governments
of Great Britain and the United States."
No, sir; it is not a case for the action of the
Government of Great Britain. It is a case for the
action of this Government. Our commerce has
been invaded over and over again; the act is per-
sisted in, and is done by authority of the British
Government. T do not think we had better ask
them whether they are ready to apologize, but we
had better put ourselves in a position for them to
ask us to apologize. They have commenced acts
 f war upon the commerce of this country, and
they have repeated them and continued them. Our
judicial tribunals say such an act is war; the judi-
cial tribunals of England say it is war. They
understand it, and we understand it; and I say the
only position this country can take with dignity
or with honor, is to treat it as an act of war, and
to meet it as such, force with force. That will
bring it to an issue. Then there will be a settle-
ment; then there will be a negotiation; and then
we shall know, for all coming time, whether this
right of search is ever to be insisted upon again
by the Government of Great Britain.
I am a mail of peace; and I should look upon
a war between this country and Great Britain as
one of the greatest calamities that could befall the
civilized world; but, sir, I should look on the low-
ering of our national dignity, and our submitting
to such an assumption as this on the seas by'
Great Britain, as a greater calamity than war itself;
because it would be a tame surrender of the rights
that were bought by blood, and have come to
us by inheritance. I think the way to maintain
peace, and to maintain our rights inviolate, is to
let Great Britain know that upon this subject we
have no argument to make: we have no remon-
strances to utter: " Your officials have committed
acts of war upon our commerce, and as such we
meet them." Then if they disavow them, very
well; but if they avow them, and they are the acts
of the Government, as no doubt is the case, they
should be met by action of this Government, and
not by remonstrance. For that reason, and for
the purpose of testing the sense of the Senate, 1
simply ask the Senate to declare what every man
knows to be true, that these acts are belligerent
in their character. If they are belligerent in their
character, I think the latter part of the proposi-
tion follows as a corollary that belligerent acts
should be resisted by the power, and not refuted
by the logic of the country. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
inquire of the Senator from Florida if his amend-
ment was intended in lieu of the second resolu-
tion ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire proposes first to amend the sec-
ond resolution, after the word "voyage," by
striking out:
" Requires, in the judgment of the Senate, sucli unequiv-
ocal and final disposition of tliosubjcct by the Governments
of Great Britain.and the United States, touching the lights
involved, as shall preclude hereafter the occurrence of like
aggressions
and inserting in lieu thereof:
Are belligerent in their character, and should be resisted
at all hazards and by all the power of the country.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the amendment
I offered, with the permission of the Senate, and
prefer the one the Senator from New Hampshire
has offered. I supposed the resolution was a joint
one; I see it is not. It amounts to nothing but
an expression of opinion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to withdraw his amendment, no action
having been taken. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not my purpose to argue
the right of any nation to visit 01- to search Amer-
ican ships in time of peace. I consider that argu-
ment to liave been exhausted; that question to
have been settled for the last forty years by the
American people. Itwas one of the causes of the
last war with England. It was not settled at the
treaty of Ghent; but it was there given to be dis-
tinctly understood by the American negotiators,
and it has been uniformly affirmed by this Gov-
ernment, that whenever exercised, we should con-
sider it a belligerent act. Therefore, there is but
one point in this case: if these belligerent acts of
search have been done by the authority of the
British Government, they are acts of war that
ought to be resisted by force; and we want not J
measures of prevention in the future, but redress
for the insult in the past. We want something
more than the resolutions of the committee offer
to give us here. We want something more than
pledges or securities that belligerent acts will not
be committed against us in the future. YVe want
satisfaction for the committal of these acts, if they
have been done by the authority of the British
Government, and that is the only question I wish
to know. If they have been done by authority
of the British Government, they are acts of war
that we ought to resist by force, and resist now.
If they have been done without their authority,
we ought tQ seize these vessels, to prevent the
performance of those acts, not only against U10
laws of nations, but against our rights, and against
the authority of their own Government.
Therefore, I shall vote for a resolution that will
not only send our Navy there to prevent the con-
tinuance of this war upon our commerce, but will
seize the vessels which have committed these hos-
tilities, with or without the authority of the Brit-
ish Government. That Government is too far off.
We cannot afford to have our houses searched
while waiting to hear what they say. It is not
allowable, I believe, for the humblest man in
Great Britain or in this country, to have his house
searched, even with a general warrant. The Brit-
ish resisted that a hundred years ago. Our Con-
stitution protects us against it. We are fiee fiorn
it by our own Constitution except under the most
stringent circumstances; but Great Britain, a for-
eign Government, without any pretense, without
any forms of law, claims the right of disgracing
our flag, and searching our vessels in the Gulf of
Mexico at our own doors. Will you send across
the water, and have negotiation while these things
are going on? Every gale that wafts a sail from
the Gulf Mexico, brings here accounts of new
wrongs and new outrages; and I suppose we must
send to England to know if she warrants the acts
of this fleet who are roving over the seas, free
rovers, violating our declared rights that we have
stood by for forty years, to know whether it is
by the authority of their masters 1 The military
force of the country should be sent to the Gulf,
and it should seize or sink the aggressors, and
get an explanation afterwards. If it ia against
their orders, we have treated them right; if it is
not against their orders, we have treated England
right; so that, in any event, I shall vote for that
measure which will seize the British aggressors
011 our rights and bring them to our ports for con-
dign punishment, and I shall be satisfied with
nothing short of it
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to go into this debate further than to ex-
press with distinctness my entire concurrence in
the general tone and sentiment which is pervading
the Senate and the Congress and the country, in
regard to these outrages upon our commerce in
the Gulf of Mexico. I believe the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations has already
stated that, in regard to this transaction, the
Committee on Foreign Relations are unanimous.
I wish, on behalf of the minority of the commit-
tee, to make a direct announcement of the con-
currence of the minority with the majority in the
resolutions which were adopted, and in the spirit
which dictated them. It is a labor of criticism
altogether, as it seems to me, to debate, at this
time, the supposed difference between a right of
naval visitation or naval search. I need no laws,
I need no judicial decisions to instruct my mind
upon the rights of nations on the great highway
of nations. According to the theory which I
have adopted, a nation is a moral person, an indi-
vidual, and all nations are equal moral persons
or individuals, and entitled to the same political
rights. The ocean is the highway of nations. If
it be right because there are thieves and robbers
occasionally in the streets of Washington, that I
should be arrested, stopped, and detained by any
passer-by who may choose to suspect me of being
a culprit, and that I am obliged to stop on my
way and to give explanations and submit to be
searched at the pleasure of every person who may
choose to exercise this right of police over me,
then it is true that one nation has the right to
constitute itself a police upon the seas for the pur-
pose of ascertaining the honesty and integrity
and good conduct of another nation upon the seas.
There is, sir, 110 such authority anywhere, either
in domestic law, or in public or national law. I
believe that ill is is a pretension which is set up by
the British Government alone; and no other na-
tion ever sot it up unless it was some nation that,
like Great Britain, aimed openly to exercise a mas-
tery over the seas; and that it is a claim founded in
force or in power, and not at all in right. If
Great Britain has chosen heretofore to assert this
right against us and other States, it was because
she thought she had power to enforce it, and be-
cause she expected to derive great and exclusive
advantages from it. She has, indeed, exercised
it over other Powers. She has attempted to ex-
ercise it against the United States. But the Uni-
ted States set out with the determination to be an
equal on the seas, as well as on land, with every
other nation; and we have never recognized this
pretension of Great Britain, and never will; and
my judgment is that it has been practically aban-
doned by the British Government for the last forly
years, or ever since the close of the war in which
the right was asserted by Great Britain. Itcan-
not be maintained.
Nor can it be maintained even in the modified
form in which it is now asserted on the part of
the British Government by some of their authors,
and by some of their diplomatists. As I under-
stand that matter, the same pretense or claim
which in this country we call the right of search,
in Europe is generally called the right of visita-
tion, or right of visit; one nation calls it search,
another calls it visit; but the terms are synony-
mous. In Europe, by the right of visit they mean
the right to search; and in America, by denying
the right of search we also deny the right ot vis-
itation, or of visit. ,
What is the true principle, probably, in the in-
tercourse of nations, is this: that as there may be
pirates upon the seas, as there may be culprits
abroad in our avenues and streets, any person
who, upon cause which he thinks sufficient, shall
choose to challenge another as an unsafe and dan-
gerous porson, may seize, arrest, and detain him;
but lie does it at his peril. If the personarrested
as a culprit proves to be such, he is abandoned to
the justice against which he has offended. But if
he turns out to be an innocent party, the person
