434
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Homestead Hill—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
in her population is much greater than ordinary , and among
adults mortality is not so great as among her children. New
York has fifty thousand children less than her share. In
the last twenty years, the population of New York lias
nearly doubled, but its mortality has nearly trebled. Ac-
cording to an official statement of the duiation of human
life, in the several avocations in Massachusetts in 1847, it
appears that the average of agriculture is 64.14 years, mer-
chants, 49.20 years, mechanics, 46.45 years, laborers, 46.73
years. This is the average life-time in the several occupa-
tions beginning at twenty years. According to tins the three
avocations of city life, merchants, mechanics and laborers,
average about forty-six and a half years, whilst farmers live
more than sixty-four years, or one third longer."
Thus, ahomestead bill which will make farmers
of all who apply for its benefits will not only con-
tribute to our national wealth and increase our
comparatively limited population, but it will rob
death of its prey, and rescue from his cold em-
brace one third of his city victims.
But there are other considerations which appeal
to our humanity, as enlightened legislators, no
tess powerfully than this almost atrocious destruc-
tion of human life; foT it is not only atrocious, but
inexcusable to permit it, when it can be so easily
obviated—I mean the alarming pauperism and
consequent demoralization which prevail in our
Jarge cities. The.statistics of every populous city
in the Union, from Boston to San Francisco, pre-
sent melancholy details of the alarming condition
of society. The annual reports from the poor
commissioners, as well as the enormous expend-
itures called for every year, all of which fall in
the first instance on the tax-paying communities
of the different cities, though they are ultimately
wiped out by the sweat-of the laborer's biow,
would appal gentlemen if I were to present them
now, even in their aggregate magnitude. In some
cities we find one pauper for every five; in others,
one for every eight; but iji all, the proportion of
paupers to the whole population is such as to
claim and demand the most serious consideration
of the law-making power, as well as of the phi-
lanthropist and Christian. Does not humanity,
then, as well as patriotism, invoke our favoiablc
action on a bill which will withdraw from our huge
cities this overplus population, and by giving a
proper incentive to its industry and laboi, rescue
it from pauperism and death ? It is not for the
worthless vagrant who is found in every large
city, lurking amid the haunts of vice and wretch-
edness, 1 appeal. This pauperism strikes down
those who are able and willing to work, and there-
fore fit subjects for the bounty of Congress. It
is a truism in political economy, that when pau-
perism seizes upon this class of citizens,the wages
of labor are reduced to the cost of subsistence.
The whole class must therefore be subjected to
the necessity of working, rather to avoid the poor-
house than of buttering their condition. There is
but small hope of laying up a provision for the
rainy day, and still less for leaving any means of
subsistence for their families, should death snatch
them away from the miseries of earth. This kind
of pauperism is even more hopeless than that
which finds a refuge in the poor-house, because
there, in sickness and in health, without destroy-
ing or oveitaxing the vital powers, the inmate is
supplied wnl) healthy food and all that lus ne-
cessities require; while the industrious laboring
classes too proud to depend on chanty, struggle
on, in toil and labor, until exhausted nature sinks
under the burden, and a premature grave closes
the scene. Rescue these, and such as these, not
from New York, or Boston, or New Orleans, or
Baltimore, but from every city and town and vil-
lage in the Union—rescue them from drudgery
and death; transform them into useful, industrious
citizens of a fiee and prosperous Republic; and
the day is not distant when two hundred million
American freemen will recur with emotions of
gratitude and praise, to the crowning act of the
Thirty-Fifth Congress. The earth which God
made is man's. His title to it is recorded in
heaven. Give him, at least, a share of it—a spot
for a cot, and a garden, and a grave when he
dies, else God will hold us as usurpers, and faith-
less stewards, when the great day of reckoning
shall come.
There is nothing agrarian in this. The rich
aie not despoiled of their wealth for the benefit
of the poor. Our act will be doubly blessed—for
it will bless him that gives as well as him that
receives. What we grant will make no man
poorer; it will lessen the burden of taxation, while
the gift will contain the germ of a development in
our country's progress that will push us onward
to a higher point of national grandeur'and glory
in afewyearsthan, under ordinary circumstances,
we could hope to attain during a whole century.
Agrarianism is but the popular name for spolia-
tion. We only give to the people what belongs to
them of divine right—to the people of the North
as well as of the South—to those of the East and to
those of the West—to every section, without dis-
tinction, provided they are citizens, or intend to
become such. It is folly to say that in any par-
ticular section of our common country this bill
would be fruitless of benefit. Last session, such
an assertion was made by an honorable member
from North Carolina; but the facetious manner
in which he attempted to prove the assertion,
soon convinced us that the gentleman was only
poking a little fun at its. He remarked:
" Do you say that the citizen of North Carolina may,
equally with others, avail hnnbelf of its provisions ? I deny
it. You require him to cease to be a citizen of North Car-
olina, and to become a citizen of one of the western States
or Territories before he can avaiMnuihelf of them.- His be-
ing a citizen of North (Jaiohna stands m the way ot his re-
ceiving the bounty of his Government. He is condemned
to 'outer darkness,' to ' eternal woe,' wh*'ie the genial
rays of his country's favor can never reach hun, because he
is a citizen of North Carolina and will not consen t to leave
her."
The poetry of this argument is, I believe, bor-
rowed from Milton; and as that writer flourished
long before the days of our Revolution, he can-
not be expected to know much about American ;
progress, and still less about the impoverished, j
worn-out lands of some portions of North Car- ]
olina. If the citizen of the Bay State, however, :
would, in reality, rather pine away and toil on
his worn-out acres, or continue to breathe in his
virtuous poverty, rather than emigrate to the
West, and cultivate his one hundred and sixty
acres of virgin soil, granted him by a generous
j Government, then would the poetry become <t ic-
| ality indeed, and in his case, at least, " truth
! would be stiangcr than fiction." The gentleman
did not surely forget that, in the remotest corner of
our territorial limits as well as in the gallant State
of North Carolina, the stars and stripes are float-
ing in the breeze, and the emigrant settler, whether
he may have come from North Carolina ortrom
Plymouth Rock, may proudly exclaim, " lam an
American!"
If there be any one feature in the bill which
more than another commends it to general favor, it
is the entire equality with which it embraces and
extends to every citizen, of eveiy degie<\ The
millionaiie and the day laborer are treated alike,
without fear, affection, or favor. It is more just,
aswell as more equal, than any former bill grant-
ing public lands. The last act of this character—
that of 1853—is, perhaps, the most liberal on the
statute-book. It grants one hundred and sixty
acres to every man who had served but fourteen
days in the military service. Here the patriotic
intention was rewarded. But why stop here?
Why discriminate ? The bounty of the Govern-
; ernment attached to the good foitunc of being
! acccptcd into the service, and not to the patriot-
| ism of being willing and ready, if required, to
: enter the ranks of our country's defenders; and
j it would be a libel upon our countrymen to assert
j that those who were ready at a moment's notice,
: but were not required, were not as patriotic and
I deserving as the more fortunate, who were first
! at hand, and, consequently, first called into ser-
j vice. The homestead bill abolishes this unjust
' discrimination, and regards every American citi-
{ zen as a patriot and a soldier. It goes'further;
; for it gives to every man a homestead to fight for,
! and a domestic hearth to incite his courage, should
i the foeman ever dare invade our soil. And it has,
I besides, the merit of keeping the homestead outof
j the hands of speculators, by not being assignable
—an inherent curse in all former laws granting the
public lands.
At the close of the war of the Revolution, the
area of the United States comprised eight Jiun-
dred and twenty thousand six hundred and eighty
square miles, or five hundred and twenty-five
million two hundred and thirty-five thousand two
hundred acres; now it has expanded to about
three million square miles, or within a fraction of
two thousand million acres. In the States of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Alabama,Mississippi,
Louisiana, Michigan,'Arkansas, Florida, Iowa,
Wisconsin, and California, together with Minne-
sota, Oregon, Washington, New Mexico, Utah,
Nebraska, Indian territories, and Kansas, embrac-
ing an aggregate of fourteen hundred and fifty mil-
lion acres, there are still unsurveyed ten hundred
and forty-one million eight hundred and five thou-
sand acres, inviting the onward march of Amer-
ican civilization, and awaiting only the liberal ac-
tion ofan American Congress to become the theater
of a progress unparalleled in the history of the hu-
man race. Howmany homesteads, of one hundred
and sixty acres each, would this unsurveyed land
alone supply? Not less than six million five hun-
dred and eleven thousand two hundred and eigh-
ty-four; or, allowing ten persons to every one
hundred and sixty acres, we have a sufficient
quantity of public lands—unsurveyed, not yet
brought into market, but even now ready for the
industry and skill of the adventurous pioneer and
the hard-fisted emigrant—for an additional popu-
lation of sixty-five million souls. What a glorious
destiny awaits us, if we are only true to ourselves,
and to the high mission which Providence has
marked out for us I
There is, perhaps, as little of the enthusiast or
the filibuster in my composition as in that of any
other member in this Hall. I neither magnify
what we have, nor am I apt to covet unjustly what
we have not. Still, sir, I am not deaf to the teach-
ings of the past fifty years, nor am I altogether
blind to the glorious future which already dawns
upon the country. Our destiny, I think,embraces
a still wider scope than that included within the
figures I have given. It stretches beyond our
present confines, and beckons us onwards to re-
gions which are yet to feel the humanizing influ-
ence of American institutions. On the north civ-
j llization was planted by the Gaul and the Briton;
' but the growth has been slow; and even now the
country, in many places, i^ but little advanced
fiom a state of primeval barbarism.
The pt ogress made in British America, covering
as it does upwards of three million square miles, or
: m arly two thousand million acres, is not such as
' befits so near a neighbor of this great American
Republic. Of this northern portion of our conti-
nent, Canada, which embraces about two hundred
j and twenty-two million acres, cannot much longer
i be kept out of the American Union. She has long
' ago been drifting in this direction, and when she
i comes wo will receive her with a hearty and cor-
I dial welcome into the family of free States. After
I Canada, the other portions of British Noith Amer-
i ica will soon follow; for New Britain, Nova Sco-
! tia, New Brunswick, Prince Edward's Island,
| and the other political divisions of this portion of
i our continent, arc not more closely allied to each
! other by geographical lines and political ties, than
| the whole are to us by the inevitable union of
: interests, destiny, and race. Think you, sir, that
|; the two million people who, as subjects of Great
II Britain, inhabit the fertile valleys and are thinly
V scattered over the rich soil of East and West
i; Canada, would not soon multiply into ten times
I; the number when, under the benign influence of
ji American institutions, they became transformed
'! into free citizens of a mighty Republic? There
;! are now, it is believed, nearly sixty thousand liv-
1: ing in Canada who were born in the United States,
'! (and there are there no Know Nothings to molest
| or oppress them,) and a large number of descend-
|. ants of United States loyalists, whose immediate
'; ancestors sided with the British during the Ameri-
can war. The latter we will forgive for the sins
of their parents; we will blot out their iniquities,
: and extend over them the protection of good laws
and free government.
The day may not be distant, when, under the
provisions of a homestead bill similar to the pres-
ent, the new States, of what was once British
North America, will become the most populous
and thrifty in the grand confederacy of the Ameri-
can Union. Then fuither down south, Cuba al-
ready beckons us onwaid. She is ours by nature
—she must soon be ours by right. The South
American States are convulsed—anarchy broods
over them all. Central America is dismembered,
and Mexico is rent asunder by dissension and
i! strife. Let us then be true to our destiny—true
