THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
April 5.
ift*ray cottritry-where there has not been more or
less of violence, but I never heard any man sug-
gest the propriety, of having a military force or. a
quasi military force in the form of poiiee there to
keep the-people in-order.
Sir, there are worse tbingsthan riotingyJsad as
that'is. There are worse things than, occasional
rioting. It is not common in our country. It is
the accident of a day. It is an occurrence grow-
ing oat of peculiar and particular circumstances,
not dftan aapirring, An occasional riot is made
a cause orTlarm now, and we are actually to sit
here'and make provision for it, as though it were
a fixed disease, as though it were the business
of this Government to watch over elections, and
to watch over them with arms. I think this is
worse than rtoting. Would you not rather have
in your county, sir, an occasional riot at an elec-
tion than a permanent military force established
there, through wliose ranks you were to march
to the polls? according to whose taste you were
to'vegulstfe yotfr conduct? who were to judge of
of it upon the moment, they on one side of poli-
tics chosen by a dominant party, and you on the
other side? Would you like to march through
their ranks, to run the gauntlet,in order to exer-
cise your right of suffrage ?
Sir, I utterly deprecate this. Give me many
riots before you fasten upon my back such a pro-
vision as this is. I am willing to suppress all
lawlessness everywhere, and especially am I be-
hind no gentleman here in my readiness to vote
any force, at any cost, that may be necessary to
restore peace and safety to the people of this Dis-
trict. f think that is eminently necessary,and I
regret that we have not been able to accomplish
it in a manner somewhat more reconcilable with
what I consider to be sound principle on this sub-
ject. These are the views which I entertain. To
avoid all difficulty about conferring this appoint-
ment on.the Vice President, or the Speakerof the
House of Representatives, or the two together, I
have changed the provision so as to vest the ap-
pointment in the court, as ancillary to their func-
tions in the administration of the law. All de-
pend upon that at last. Your guards, when they
shall have performed their duty to the utmost,
■will have done nothing unless your courts follow
up their preliminary proceedings by an efficient
punishment of offenders, and it ought to be
promptly administered. I think if my friend from
Mississippi had thought of it, he would have
added a section that tbe judge instantly, on being
notified of any high criminal offense, as burglary
or murder, or any felony, should hold a court and
try the man, if possible, the next day.
I regret to have detained the Senate even with
a-word, for I know they are weary of this sub-
ject; but I have felt myself called upon to say
thus much.
Mr. GREEN. I am not willing to see this
question made a political one; 1 am not willing to
see it tortured into a party question; I am not dis-
posed to see it represented as a contest between
Democrats and Americans, or between Demo-
crats and Republicans, or between any other par-
ties. I regard it as no party question; butaques-
tion of peace, of order, and of protection to per-
son and property. It is in that light, and that
light alone, that I have viewed it from the begin-
ning. I never believed that this force was to be
used to build up one party, and break down an-
other, at elections; and I know that if it should
be used for that purpose, the man who so uses
it will be liable to indictment, prosecution, and to
punishment; and hence I apprehend no difficulty
from that source, on that score. We see an ur-
gent necessity for some police force. It is ad-
mitted by every Senator in this body. How
shall we accomplish that end ? Congress has un-
limited admitted authority over thatsubjcct. How
shall they exercise it in conformity with the Con-
stitution ? It is believed that to make a police
force independent of the city government, will
make it more efficient to protect Congress, for-
eign ministers, their agents and attaches, and to
protect persons and property, than if you vest it
in the city government. .
Then the Senator from Kentucky says the chief
of this police force ought, not to be appointed by
the Executive, because it will increase Executive
patronage. I do not think that, adding one ap-
pointment to thirty thousand, will be like the
feather to the camel's back—break it. I do not
believe there is any danger wrapped up in it,
when this man has no vote for a presidential of-
fice, for a congressional office, for a senatorial
office, when he has no voice outside of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I cannot see that any danger
is embodied in the proposition. • ■ -
When it was intimated by the Senator from
New Hampshire that the past efficient head of the
police,-Captain Goddard, was removed for polit-
ical reasons, I went to him and told him privately
that that was not correct; but he has not corrected
his statement. I, therefore, think it my duty to
correct it publicly. It was a mistake into which
the Senatorfrom New Hampshire fell. Captain
Goddard wfts not removed for political reasons.
He Was removed in consequence of a misunder-
standing between him and the then Mayor, Mr.
Maury. It happened in this wise: Captain God-
dard is a bold, efficient, practical man, with no
adulation, no sycophancy; a fire broke out in the
city one night, and the Mayor went up to see it.
Captain Goddard was not there; the Mayor met
him coming up, and said, " Why have you not
been here?" Without any explanation, conscious
of his own integrity, he said, "I have been at-
tending to my business elsewhere." It offended
the Mayor, some words passed, and Captain
Goddard resigned. This is the communication
made to me by an old resident of the city this
day. I merely mention it for the purpose of
showing that no politics have-been mixed up with
this guard; andl hope the Senatorfrom Kentucky
will not suppose that this is a political movement.
It is not striking at the American party, or any
other party. It is simply a movement made for
the protection of persons and property.
When he indicated the idea that the Executive
patronage ought to be limited, and the power of
appointment vested in the Vice President, I re-
marked that we had no constitutional power to
do it; that under the Constitution, we must either
vest the appointment in the President, in the heads
of the Departments, or in the courts of justice.
He repeats his asseveration again, but takes care
not to make his amendment that way. The
amendment now is to vest the appointment in the
court. If he believes that we have the power to
give the appointment to the Vice President, why
does he not propose to vest it there ? I will tell
you why. Congress, while it is the executive
Legislature for tbe District of Columbia, as was
remarked by the Senator from Tennessee, is not
vested with unlimited power. It cannot confiscate
private property; it cannot create a title of nobil-
ity. There are ten thousand things it cannot do.
The Constitution imposes restraints and restric-
tions upon it; and there are questions of rightpar-
amount to constitutions which Congress dare not
trample under foot, even in the District of Colum-
bia, notwithstanding exclusive power of legisla-
tion is given here. " Exclusive" means "only;"
that is, Congress is the only legislative power for
this District.
The Constitution says in express words that
all appointments shall be made by the President,
unless Congress shall direct otherwise; and how
may Congress direct otherwise? Congress may
vest the appointment of such inferior officers as
they think proper, in the President alone, the
courts of law, or the heads of Departments. But
whether that be true or not, is an immaterial ques-
tion now. Weall wantan efficient police, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky as much as we; and I do not
tlunk he apprehends any serious difficulty grow-
ing out of this patronage. I do not suppose he
believes it will growup to a magnitude to endan-
ger the liberties'of this country, or if lie does, I
think he must be alone in tluit supposition. We
believe the protection of persons and property in
this District demands of us to exert our right, to
demand the means for that protection. Even if
it is not the best means, time and experience will
enable us to perfect it; and the Senator from Ken-
tucky and myself, and our colleagues on this side
of the House, can all cooperate m the accom-
plishment of this great common end—the protec-
tion of ourselves and the property of the District.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman seems
to me to manifest a particular spirit of a contro-
versial character with me.
Mr. GREEN. Oh no.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Why, he asks me, did I
not propose to appoint the Vice President and the
Speaker of the House, as the men to exercise this
power? It is because he objected to it, and I .
would rather please the gentleman, and I there-
fore proposed the court, thinking theirs was an
extremely appropriate and kindred sort of power
to that which you were vesting in this new po-
lice, and that they would work together very well.
I never did say that this was apolitical movement.
On the contrary; I said that if it could be admin-
istered in the spirit in which I knew it was pro-
posed, there would be no-danger, but I have en-
deavored to show its liability to abuse.
If I apprehend any danger from it, the gentle-
man says he rather imagines I shall stand alone.
Sir, lam as little likely to be apprehensive of
danger as the honorable Senator. I say the thing
is evil in itself; it is the- seed of evil. It is not
necessary to the purpose in view,- nor necessary
to the occasion; and it is therefore that I have
endeavored to lay my views of this subject before
the Senate, for them to decide—that is all. I have
no reason ts apprehend that it is intended as an
abuse; that it is intended, for the present, as a
political movement. Iam sure it is not here; but
in worse hands it may be used for bad purposes.
It involves principles that I do not think are safe,
and which may be extended greatly for other pur-
poses. It is therefore that I wish to check every-
thing, as far as I can, that seems to me irrecon-
cilable, with the spirit of this Government, or its
principles, no matter whether it be great or small.
We can establish the object we had in view with-
out the characteristics and features-of this meas-
ure which I think make it liable to abuse. What-
ever my fault may be, even m the eyes of the
Senatorfrom Missouri, there can.be no more than
this m it: that I am too careful of what I regard
as public liberty.
Mr. GREEN. I hope that I have evinced no
disposition to court a controversy with the Sena-
tor from Kentucky. I have disputed some of his
! propositions. If that is to be construed into a
! desire to enter into a controversial spirit, then I
' may reply to the charge, that whenever he gravely
presents, with all the sanctions of reputation and
character that lie possesses, and possesses justly,
a position that I believe to be untenable under the
Constitution, I regard it as my right to correct
it. But at the same time, it is only given as my
own view. It is not given authoritatively, and I
hope he will not so understand me on any occasion.
I have believed, as he believes, that we need this
strengthening of the police force. He thinks it is
best now. It is the proposition of the Senator
from Illinois to vest the appointing power in a
judge that is now before us. If he thought the
Vice President was a more safe depositary of this
power, I had supposed it was open to his propo-
sition; but he did not deem it proper to make it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will allow
me to interrupt him. It is the proposition of the
Senator from Kentucky. I merely renewed Ins
motion in the Senate after it had been voted down
in Committee of the Whole, without calling the
yeas and navs.
Mr. GREEN. I understand. I am speaking
of this present proposition. The Senator from
Illinois made it. He need not try to slink from
it and throw it on the shoulders of the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. TRUMDULL. There is no shirking from
it. I said that I renewed it. It is not an attempt
to shirk from it. I merely meant to have the Sen-
ator from Missouri understand that it was the
original proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. I supposed that probably he might not
have"been paying attention, and did not know that
it was his original proposition. That was why
I stated it, not with a view of shirking the re-
sponsibility of it.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator is very much mis-
taken. I do take notice of a matter to which I
think proper to turn my attention. I knew that
the Senator from Kentucky had made that prop-
osition in a different body, in the Senate as m
Committee of the Whole; but in the Senate proper,
the Senator from Kentucky has never made that
proposition. The Senatorfrom Illinois did make
it; and it is therefore his proposition. The Senator
from Kentucky had the right to move to amend
it, and he did not. But enough of that. I think
it best to leave it in the hands of the Executive.
He is responsible, under the Constitution, to the
whole country. The court is without responsi-
bility anywhere. There is a second reason. If
