THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, MAY 31, 1858.
New Series No. 157.
trate ought to have in order to enable him to main-
tain the honor and the dignity of the nation, and
protect the flag and our citizens wherever they
may go—confer the power, and hold him respon-
sible for its abuse. I have no apprehension of
the abase of this power by the present Executive,
or by any that may follow him. The jealousy of
executive power which animated our forefathers
in framing our system of Government, was in re-
gard to those acts which might oppress our own
citizens. The President has ample, abundant
authority to perform his high functions within
the limits of the United States; but while he is
powerful at home under the Constitution and laws,
he is almost powerless abroad for the protection
of our flag and our citizens. Every other Chief
Magistrate in the world possesses the authority
beyond the limits of las own country, not only
to repel but to punish offenses upon the flag and
the citizen.
Why should we make our Chief Magistrate
powerless abroad ? The power that he has to ex-
ercise outside of our limits, and on the high seas,
is a power in aid of the flag, and m protection of
the citizen. It ?s not a power dangerous to our
own citizens. It is not a power that can inflict
injury on ^irowii citizens. 11 is a power m aid of
them, in defense of their rights, m the protection
of their lives and their property; and that power
being a safe one, in aid of and not against our own
citizens, ought to be ample and full for the ac-
complishment of the object.
Sir, I do not. believe there is danger of the Chief
Magistrate of this great Republic abusing his
power m a contest between the rights and honor
of our citizens abroad on one side, and aggressions
upon their rights on the other. I should have
more apprehension that the power would not be
exorcised often enough, than that it would be ex-
ercised too often. You cannot protect our com-
merce in the Gulf of Mexico and in the Caribbean
sea, nor the rights of American citizcns in Mex-
ico and Central America and South America,
unless the President has power in extreme cases,
where delays would defeat the object, to avenge
the wrongs on the spot. Why is it that the Brit-
ish name is r< speeted m all Spanish America, and
the American name is despised? It is because
they have learned from experience that if a British
ship is attacked m their ports, orif a Butish sub-
ject is wronged upon the land, the first British
war steamer"that comes along will demand instant
redress, and enforce it on the spot. Hence there
is a terror in those weak, irregular, revolutionary
Governments lest the punishment will instantly
follow the offense; and British diplomacy, with
that tact and shrewdness that always character-
ized it, does not fail to instill into the minds of the
AIi.'xicans, the Central Americans, and the South
Americans, the fact that they may rob American
citizens with impunity, for the President has no
power under the laws, as they stand, to punish
such conduct. All he can do is'to remonstrate and
scold and threaten and wait for Congress to act.
Before Congress does act another revolution
has tuk jn place m the country, the men who com-
mitted tiie offense are out of power, and those
who turned them out then make the apoh gy.that
they did not do it, and the nation has disavowed
the acts of those who did it by the revolution,
devolutions follow in rapid succession in the
Spanish-American countries. The party in power
immediately wants to obtain money. One of their
favoiite modes of raising money is to commitout-
raires upon American commerce, trusting that
they cannot be held to an account for those out-
ra°es until another r« volution shall have turned
them out and brought their successors into office.
I hold, therefore, that, without reference even to
the question ot the right of search or the British
acrop-psston^ which are how being perpetrated, we
ou^hU as a gencial policy, to clothe the President
xvuli the legal authority to protect our commerce
and our citizens outside of the limits of the CJni-
fed States by summary process, whenever there
is a case that does not admit of delay, and requires
instant action.
157
For these reasons, without going into the ques-
tion, I desire to engage in practical legislation by
empowering the Executive to protect the honor
and dignity of the country, its flag, audits citizens,
instead of going over this old formula of resolu-
tions that you'must not do it again. I was in
hopes, sir, that we should not have had a speech
upon the subject; that a bill, simple and compre-
hensive, conferring full authority, would have
been passed unanimously, instantly, and in si-
lence. The passage of such bill would have car-
ried with it more terror, more power, more prac-
! tical results, in preventing these outiages, than all
the armies and navies that you might muster m
[ aid of resolutions that do not confer any legisla-
j tive authority to act. I think the time for the dis-
' cussion of these questions has gone by. Wc want
no threat, we want no bluster, we want no crim-
ination. What we want is, that the Executive
shall have the power to protect our commerce and
our citizens abroad, and to arrest and bring into
port the offendeis, even after the act has been
done, and then deal with them according to the
law of nations when they are within our own lim-
its. That is my idea of the mode of treating this
I matter. *
As 1 said, I will not go into the discussion; I
meiely throw out these general suggestions as ex-
pressive of my views, as I am a member of the
Committee on Foieign Relations, concurring in
the repoit, with the reservations and exceptions
to which I have refei red, and as I had also brought
before the Senate a bill to confer the authority
which I think the Piesident ought to possess at
all times.
Mr. HAYNE. Mr. President, I rise with great
diffidence. I feel that I am one of the most in-
competent members of the Senate to address them
on so great and so important an occasion. But,
sir, I must say that I had hoped there would have
been very little debate on this question. I have
read the report of my distinguished friend from
Virginia, the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and I have thought that the report
and the resolutions were wise, dignified, manly,
and proper, and such as the occasion called for.
It seems, however, that others think differently.
Sir, the attack upon the Chesapeake produced
the war of 1812. I entirely approve, on all such
occasions, of that prompt conduct which Oliver
Cromwell and Andrew Jackson invariably exhib-
ited; but jet me tell Senators that neither Jackson
nor Cromwell acted without reflection. Those
great men believed that war was a great evil, but.
not the greatest of evils. I may illustrate my
meaning by stating howindividuals in a personal
matter ought to act, and invariably do act, where
they are governed by proper motives. If I am
insulted, it is not right nor just that I should
challenge my opposer I make a statement of
my case_; I ask for honorable reparation, and if
that is given I am satisfied. I tell Senators, how-
ever, that our honor, in the course of six or seven
! days, will be in the hands of our gallant Navy,
i Go hack to the history of the war of 1812; pass
| all through it, and was there ever such a galaxy
j of glory, of greatness, of everything that our a;rcat
Ration alight be proud of? They did their duty,
! sir, faithfully; ond if anything occurs in the Gulf
J which requires that our honor should be pro-
i tected, those gallant men will go down to the bot-
tom, if need be, in doing their duty. I look upon
war, and I am sure every Senator does, as a great
i evil under any circumstances, contrary to the
' cause of mankind, of morality, of Christianity;
1 but still it is a necessary evil, and we must meet
it when it becomes proper that we should do so.
From the report which has been submitted to
the Senate we find the object o*f these aggressions,
and if. will be seen that southern men are specially
: and particularly interested to see that the honor
' of the country is preserved:
: The document? accomp.un nig the menage dnclo^e the
fact thatthct-e aeti ot visitation and examination ot Amer-
ican h wi'io r-owrht to !>u jii-uifjod nudes the pica ot'
neee—itj for the >uppie-Mon oi the t-lave tiude, >uppos,pd
; to he, of actual!/earned on between Attica and the Island
i oi' Cuba."
Now, Mr. President, of all the people in the
woild the British nation ought to be the last to
be obtrusive on that subject. Look at the past
history of the world; look at the Island of Jamaica.
Sir Charles Grey assured me that the policy pur-
sued in that colony was a total failure, and that
the whole island was in a wretched condition; and
yet Great Britain really undertakes to attack us
upon a great principle which we have established
in this country, and which never can be changed.
That is all I have to say on that point.
I will not detain the Senate. I will only repeat,
that I had hoped there would be no debate on this
report. The dignity of the Senate and the im-
portance of the occasion seem to prompt the silent
adoption of these resolutions, which are ample
for the occasion. In any emergency we may place
implicit reliance on our Navy; and, Senators, be
not surprised, if within ten da^s, intelligence shall
reach us that will enlarge the page of our naval
history.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the people of
Massachusetts, of New England, of the section
of the country I, in part, represent, being largely
engaged in commcrce, having their ships in every
clime and on every sea, are more directly and
deeply interested than the people of any other'
section of the country in maintaining inviolate
the American flag. Their ships, freighted with
the precious cargoes of a lawful commerce, are
now upon the waves of every sea under the
whole heavens; and the flag which waves over
them proclaims to the world their nationality and
their " right," m the words of Daniel Webster,
" to the free use of the ocean," " where none has
a right to molest them." In no section of the
Republic will the doctrine that the open sea is the
highway of nations in time of peace be more in-
flexibly adhered to, or more strenuously main-
tained, at every hazard and at any cost. Vast
pecuniary interests and a profound regard for na-
tional rights and national honor alike prompt
them to respond to the declaration of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, that the United States:
1''TCei-t on the position not to be controveited, that, by no
principle of international law, can a vessel under the flag
of its country be visited or detained on the high seas, in
ume of peace, by any foreign Power, under any pretext or
lot any purpose whatever, without the consent of those
over whom the flag waves."
Believing that the right of visitation, or the
right of search, has no foundation in the law of
nations, or in the comity due from one inde-
pendent nation to other independent nations, that
the attempted assertion of these claims in time of
peace cannot be tolerated for a moment, by any
nation, without degradation and dishonor, they
will, I am sure, firmly sustain the doctrine em-
bodied in the first resolution now pending—
"That American vessels on the high sea-, in time of
peace, beaiing tire American flag, remain undei the juris-
diction of the country, and any visitation", molestation, or
detention of s.uch ve^el5? by lorop, or by the exhibition of
force, on the part of a foreign Power, is in derogation of
the sovereignty of the United States."
Sir, the people of my section of the Union, de-
voted as they are by sentiment and interest, to
peace with all nations, will not only respond with
unanimity and zeal to these declarations, but
they will demand that the outrages perpetrated by
the naval forces of England on the coast, ot Cuba
shall cease; that the Government shall demand
indemnity for the aggressions of the past, and
pledges of security for the future. We may, Mr.
President, tolerate for a time; we may bear with
some degree of patience, without national dis-
honor, the lawless aggressions of the feeble and
disorganized Powers south of us on the American
continent; at any rate, we can afford to act, and
it is our duty to act, towards these weak nations
with great forbearance and great moderation. Not
so with England. She is a great Power; the great
Power of the world. Upon her flag, the emblem
of her power, the sun goes not down on the sea
or on the land, in any quarter ot the.globc. We
cannot, without national dishonor, peimit any
ao-o-ressive acts, or any indignities of hers to go
unredressed. I am, therefore, ready to adopt, at
once, prompt and effectual measures to arrest her
