1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
35th Cong....1st Sess. Legislation of Congress upon the American Fisheries—Mr. Foster. Ho. or Reps.
to the principles of republican government, and
above all, true to our own adventurous and enter-
prising people. Let our population advance, and
with it the principles of free government. Let
every citizen have a home, and in every home
there will be an altar to freedom.
Sir, the past history as well as the future des-
tiny of our glorious Republic alike demand that
this bill should no longer be postponed.
LEGISLATION OP CONGRESS UPON THE AMER-
ICAN FISHERIES.
SPEECH OF HON. S. C. FOSTER,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
May 24, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. FOSTER said:
Mr. Chairman: It has been the uniform policy
of this Government, from its foundation, and
under all changes of Administration, with a single
exception, to encourage our cod and mackerel fish-
eries, by bounties and allowances for the salt con-
sumed in curing the fish. This proposition will
not, I think, be controverted by any one who will
investigate the subject. And it is equally clear to
my mind, that the object of the Federal Govern-
ment, in thus fostering the fisheries, has been to
train seamen for the public service in times of
war.
I will proceed, briefly, to establish the histor-
ical proof of these propositions, and to show the
wisdom of the course which has been pursued.
Sir, the sccondactof the First Congress, passed
July 4, 1789—an act for raising revenue—was not
unmindful of the duty of protecting the fisheries.
The fourth section of the act is in these words:
" That there shall be allowed and paid on every quintal
of clued, and on every bane! of pickled fish, of the fisheries
of the United States, and on every bariel of salted provis-
ions of the United States, exported to any country without
the limits thereof, m lieu of u drawback of the duties im-
posed on the importation of the suit employed and expended
therein, namely:
i" On every quintal of dued fish, five cents ;
" On every barrel of pickled fi-h, five cent*;
" On every barrel of salted piovisions, five cents."
The first section of the act laid a duty on im-
ported salt of six cents per bushel. It also laid a
duty of severity-five cents per barrel on imported
pickled fish. (See Stat, at Large, vol. 1, page
24.)
It may be alleged that this bounty was only in-
tended as a drawback of the salt duty. But the
allowance or drawback is accompanied by hea?y
duties upon imported pickled and dried fish—du-
ties ten times the amount of the salt duties—and
furnishing a most ample remuneration for the lat-
ter. How then can it be doubted that the object
and purpose of the First Congress was to foster
the fisheries ?
In August, 1790, the same Congress passedan-
other revenue act, doubling the tax on salt, and
doubling the allowances to exporters offish. (See
Stat, at Large, vol. I, page 180.)
In 1792, February 16, Congress passed another
important act touching the fisheries, and leaving
no doubt on the mind of any one that the object
was to protect, encourage, and foster them, as
schools for seamen. The previous act paid the
allowances to the exporters of fish—in other
words, to meichants who bought fish m the mar-
kets for exportation. The fish consumed in the
home market produced no bounty to the catcher,
or to any one else, except that indirectly accru-
ing from the high duties upon foreign fish. But
the act of 1792 went much further, and paid
bounties directly to the owners of vessels and
crews. A proviso of this act goes still further to
remove any lingering doubt as to the real object
and purpose of its framers, by requiring that the
fishing vessels shall remain at sea, engaged in the
business of catching fish, at least four months of
the fishing season. If the object of the bounty
was simply to refund the salt duty, there would
not be the slightest propriety in any of these reg-
ulations. With such an object in view, the Gov-
ernment, by the plainest dictates of common sense,
would only require the production of the salted
fish as a condition of refunding the duty on salt;
and it would be*equally absurd and unjust to in-
terfere with the contracts between the fishermen
and their employers, or to require four months in
the performance of a labor which might be dis-
patched in two or three. I will read the material
parts of this act, in order that the committee, and
those who may think proper to read my remarks,
may see that I have not misrepresented it. It was
passed, as I have said, on the 16th of February,
1792, and is entitled An act concerning certain
fisheries of the United States, and for the regula-
tion and government of the fishermen employed
therein." It enacts:
"That the allowance now made upon the exportation of
dried fish of the fisheiies of the United States, in lieu of a
drawback ot the duties paid on the salt used m preserving
the same, shall cease on all dried fnh exported after the
10th day of June next, and, as a commutation and equiva-
lent therefor, t^eie shall be afterward paid, on the last day
of December, annually, to the owner of every vessel, or his
agent, by the collector of the distnct where such vessel
may belong, that shall be qualified agreeably to law for car-
rying on the bank or other cod fisheries, and shall actually
have been cmplovcd therein at sea for the term of four
months at least of the fishing season next preceding—which
season is accounted to bo from the last day of February to
the last day of November in every year—for each and every
ton of such vessel's burden, according to her admeasure-
ment as licensed or enrolled; if of twenty tons, and not
exceeding thiity tons,$l .50, and if above thirty tons, $-2 50.
Of which allowance aforesaid, tlnce eighth paifs shall ac-
crue and belong to the owner of such fishing vessel; and
the other five eighths thereof shall be divided by him, his
agent, or lawful repiesentative, to and among the seveial
fishermen who shall have been employed m such vessel
during the season afoiesaid, or a part thereof, as the case
mav be, in such propomon as the fi-h thev *ha!l respect-
ively have taken may bear lo ihe whole quantity of fi>h
taken on board «neh ve^el duuns! '-ueh «ea-son : Provirfril,
That the allowance afoiesaid on anyone vessel, for one
season, shall not exceed one bundled and seventy dol-
lars.- 
The second section extended the allowance to
fishing boats of five tons and under twenty tons,
at the rate of one dollar per ton, provided they
land at least twelve quintals of fish per ton.
This statute was to continue in force seven
years, and to the end of the next following ses-
sion of Congress (Sec Stat, at Large, vol. 1,
page 229.)
It will be seen that every clause of this act,
proviso and all, keeps in view the leading idea
of fostei ing a school for seamen, while the resto-
ration of the 5>alt duty is either lost sight of or
merely used as a pretext. In the first place, the
bounty is paid without reference to the exporta-
tion of tho fish; second, it is paid, not in propor-
tion to the fish caught and salted, but with ref-
erence to the size of the vessel. If under twenty
tons, only one dollar per ton is paid, on theptin-
ciplc that such a vessel or boat is not calculated
to alFotd the best discipline for seamen; vessels
of twenty to thirty tons in admeasurement are
treated a little better; they Receive one dollar and
fifty cents, while all above thirty tons burden are
to receive two dollars and a half. Third, the
bounty is not paid unless the vessels arc at sea,
engaged in catching fish, at least four months
during the fishing season. If one vessel should
be out two months, and catch five times as many
fish as another which remains out four months,
the latter would receive the bounty, while the
former would receive nothing. Could the object
of this regulation be made plainer? Is it not clear
that the salt had nothing to do with it? Fourth,
the bounty was to be divided between the ship-
owner and the seamen, m certain proportions.
The former was to reccivc three eighths, in con-
sideration of the risk of his capital and superin-
tendence, while the sailors were to receive five
eighths. Is there the faintest trace of a purpose
to restore the salt duty m this regulation ?
The act of May 2,1792, raises the duty on salt
by altering and reducing the standard of the bushel
measure. This was done by substituting the
weighed bushel of fifty-six pounds for the meas-
ured bushel of eighty-four pounds. The effect of
this upon the fishing interests was counteracted
by increasing the bounties twenty per cent. (See
Stat, at Large, vol. 1, page 259.)
The act of July 8, 1797, raises the duty on salt
from twelve to twenty cents per bushel of fifty-six
pounds. The bounty on pickled fish is raised from
eight to twelve cents per barrel; on salted provis-
ions it is raised from five to ten cents on a barrel;
andthe bounties to fishing vessels are still further
increased thirty-three and a third per cent. (See
Stat, at Large, vol. 1, page 533.)
The principle upon which these acts is founded
is identical with thatof February 18, 1792, above
recited. I notice them, in order to present a con-
tinuous though brief history of the legislation of
the country upon this subject. The act of March
2, 1799, increases the allowance on pickled fish
exported, to thirty cents per barrel,and on salted
provisions exported, to twenty-five cents per bar-
rel. The act of April 12, 1800, continues the pre-
ceding acts, laying duties on salt and giving boun-
ties and allowances. (See Stat, at Large, vol. 2,
page 36.)
The act of March 3, 1807, reverses the policy
of the Government in relation to the fisheries,
and repeals the bounties to fishermen, with the
salt duties. (See Stat, at Large, vol. 2, page 43G.)
This act was passed at the recommendation of
Mr. Jefferson, in his annual message of Decem-
ber 2, 1806. It is well known that he discoun-
tenanced the idea of building up a navy, and with
such views he very consistently and properly
opposed the policy of fostering the fisheries as a
school for seamen. Had he been persuaded, as
the men of all parties are at the present day, of
the utility and essential importance of that arm
of the national defense, I cannot doubt that his
recommendation would have been entirely differ-
ent, Could he have foreseen the glory which
the little nucleus of a navy won for the country
during the Administration of his successor, he
would never have done anything calculated to
cripple that navy, or to weaken the sinews of its
strength.
Sir, a navy cannot be spoken into existence at
| the fiat of the greatest conqueror, with unlimited
1 resources of money and landsmen at his command.
1 Bonaparte had all these in abundance, but he was
compelled to acknowledge his inferiority to Eng-
land upon the sea. He had had sad evidence of
this inferiority before the battle of Trafalgarswept
his navy out of existence, and forever sealed its
( fate.
i Mow marked the contrast, if we turn to the
; history of American engagements with England 1
| France could command every element of naval
greatness but one, namely, men trained to man-
age ships. We, in our struggles with the great
naval Power of the world, lacked everything but
men. Our exchequer was meager, our policy
had been narrow, and, as experience has demon-
'< strafed, most unwise; hut our little ships were
! manned by intelligent, disciplined, and brave
j American seamen, who, in a large degree, were
j graduates of these very fisheries. Sir, I need not
; stop to recount their achievements; I should not
do them justice. It is the task of a poet. The
' reports and dispatches from our naval heroes read
moio like the creations of poetry and fiction than
sober realities; and lam not surprised that our
great master of romance, our American Scott, has
been charmed away from his realms of fiction by
the truths, " stranger than fiction," to be found
in the archives of the Navy Department.
Mr. Jefferson lived to see his error. He admit-
ted, in numerous letters from his philosophical
retreat at Monticello, that his prejudices against
the establishment of a navy had been ill-founded,
and that his great rival, Mr. Adams, was chiefly
( entitled to the credit of building up the Navy.
Those who cling to the secondary error of Mr.
Jeuerson regarding the fisheries, long after he has
himself abandoned and refuted the primary error
in regard to a navy, show themselves singularly
superstitious in their reverence for the letter when
the spirit has left it. He was opposed to the
system of supporting a school for seamen, be-
cause he was opposed to the establishment of a
navy. His modern professed disciples-are con-
tinually augmenting the Navy,and are willing to
1 expend millions in the construction of ships and
] the establishment of naval schools for the educa-
i tion of officers, while they will not allow a cent
j for the instruction and discipline of men as sail-
j ors.
j Our fathers pursued a different policy; they first
! took care to have their naval vessels well manned,
I by training men to the service, and it somehow
