388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
sachusetts, I put no faith in the telegraphic dis-
patches, or private letters, or any sort of stories
From Kansas. We have heard enough of them
for three years, and they do not produce the least
credence at all in my mind. Governor Walker
does say, in his letter, m the most unqualified
manner, that these nineteen counties were disfran-
chised; and if it is true, it is a very material point.
Speaking of the act, he says:
"On reference to the territoiial law, under which tlic
convention was assembled, tlurty-four regularly organized
counties were named as clpcucm districts for delegates to
the convention."
That is, thirty-four counties are named in the
convention act as election districts.
" In each and all of these counties*, it was required by law
that a census should be taken and the voters registered; and
when this whs completed the delegates to the convention
should be apportioned accordingly. In nineteen of these
counties there was no census, and therefme there could be
no such apportionment there of delegates, based upon such
census; and m fifteen of the&e counties there was no registry
of voters. These titteen counties, including manv of tlie
oldest organized counties of the Territory, were "entirely
disfranchised, and did not give, and (bv no fault of their
own) could not give a solitary vote for delegates to the con-
vention. This result was superinduced by the fact that the
Territorial Legislature appoiuted all the shenffs and probate
judges in all these comities, to whom was assigned the duty
bv law of making thn census and iegi<try. These officers
were political partisans, dissenting Iroin the views and opin-
ions ot the people of these countie.^, a  ptoved by the elec-
tion in October last. These otficeis, from want of funds,
as ihcy allege, neglected or i efnsed to take any census, or
make any registry in these counties; and, thereto!e, they
wcie entirely dihliaiichis.ed, and could notand did not give
a Pingle vote at the election for delegates to the constitu-
tional convention."
That is Governor Walker's statement. As to
the objection of the Senator from Massachusetts,
it is clearly without foundation. He says that
the friends of free Kansas, as he calls them, when
they looked at the convention act, saw that the
basis of apportionment favored the counties on
the Missouri river. There was no basis fixed
in the act at all. The apportionment was to be
based on the census, when the census should be
taken. The Senator from Michigan says Secre-
tary Stanton confirms this statement. When I
read the letter of Governor Walker, the Senate
will recollect I pressed my resolution for inform-
ation, and I pressed it in person on the X^resident
after this report came in, and he told me that lie
had no tfocuments from Kansas; that the exec-
utive minutes had not been sent here beyond the
first six months of the territorial government.
The difficulty I have about the matter is, that
Secretary Stanton does not confirm Governor
Walker, and that is the reason I want to know
now what the truth is on this point. Secretary
Stanton says in his message:
" The census therein provided for ra impeifecily ob-
tained trom an unwilling people m nineteen counties of the
Territory; while, in the remaining comities, being also
nineteen m number, from various causes, no attempt was
made to comply with the law. In some instances, people
anil officers were alike averse to the proceeding; ni other ,
the officers neglected or refused to act; and in some there
was but a small population, and no efficient organization,
enabling the people to secure a representation in the con-
vention. Under the operation ot all these causes combined,
a census litst was obtained ot' only nine thoui-and two hun-
dred and fifty-one legal voteis, confined to precisely one
halt the counties of the Territory, though these, undoubt-
edly, contained much tile larger part ot'the population."
Governor Walker says it was omitted by the
officers exclusively because, as they alleged, they
hud no funds. Secretary Stanton attributes it to
a great variety of causes, and among others the
very cause to which the Senator from Missouri
has alluded—the factthut in many of these coun-
ties there was a sparse population, or no popula-
tion at all. I do not know how true the statement,
maybe; but I say it is a deliberate statement; it is
a positive statement; it gives time, and fact, and
circumstance, and it is in the power of the Commit-
tee on Territories to ascertain it; and that is what
1 want to know about this Lecompton convention,
and wanted to know from the first about it.
As to the convention act, I say what I have al-
ways said: I do not think it is in the power of any
legislature to pass a fairer law than that. It is
a copy of the Toombs bill with the exception
of the five commissioners. Hid we not all stand
here, the Senator from Michigan with us, in July,
1856, averring that that was a fair bill? And when i
our own bill is brought back to us we are to pick i
out som« objection. As to the five com missioners !
that were inserted, I do not see the Senator from I
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] in hiss seat, but my recol- |
lection ia that those five commissioners were put 1
in, not as an essential part of the bill, but simply
because the Legislature of Kansas was not in ses-
sion, and it was supposed the Governor, who had
just been engaged in these controversies, would
not be perfectly impartial. I never thought the
five commissioners an essential part of the bill,
but I did suppose the census and registration, and ;
the apportionment of delegates upon the census
and registration, was the life of the Toombs bill. !
If it was not, 1 shall have to learn that bill over !
again. That confessedly is in this act; and the!
act does provide, in spite of what the Senator from i
Michigan has said, that if the offices of sheriff and .
probate judge become vacant, and it is the same ;
thing if they go away from the county, then the !
Governor of the Territory shall appoint s-ome- j
body else. j
I want to learn the truth about the Kansas busi- j
ness. I am not going to give my vote on any ex \
parte statement, one way or theother. The paper :
read by the Senator from Missouri, though not
conclusive as evidence, ought to attract the candid !
attention of Senators on all sides. j
Then the Senator from Michigan objects that
the counties stated ill the extract were disfran-
chised from voting at all. They were attached, I
as I understand that statement, for the purpose 1
of having the census taken, as a portion of the j
civil purposes of a county organization; that is to j
say, the sheriff of the old county took the census j
in all of them, or was called upon to take it; but,
for the purposes of election, they are not attached j
to those counties. They are attached to counties ;
as set forth in the nineteenth section of this act, j
but the attachment is not the same. I confess that
is a material circumstance; and that is the circum-
stance that has put me in doubt, since I saw the
statement to which the Senator from Missouri
alludes, that the counties in which the census
was alleged to have been taken by the sheriff of
another county are not attached to those counties
for the purposes of election. I do not know that j
I could illustrate my meaning, unless I were to
see that paper again. I had a copy of it in my
possession; but my impression is, that it will be !
found that a large numberof the counties in which '
the census was taken by the sheriff of an old i
county, are not attached to that county by the
nineteenth section of this act. Then there is a I
material question; and the sooner we try and get ;
at the real question, and strip it of all these ad- I
ventitious pretenses, it seems tome the better. It
is a question of moment; it is a question which, J
in my judgment, goes to the whole issue of the
legality of the Lecompton convention. |
As for those people who had a chance to regis- j
ter themselves and would not do so, but gave i
false names, I have no sort of compassion for
them—none at all. You cannot make men vote,
and you cannot make men give their names. It
is the old story: "You can lead a horse to the ]
water, but you cannot make him drink." You 1
provide by law that men may vote and be regis-
tered; and when they will not do it, I know no :
remedy in my power. Therefore, as I said on the
first day of the session, on the motion to print j
the President's message, what I have wanted on I
this subject has been the last thing to be looked I
at; and that is, to know what truth there is in the j
assertion that these nineteen counties were dis- i
franchised. If the statement read by the Senator !
from Missouri should prove to be true, it seems
to me that it ends the controversy.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall not go into the details
of this discussion. I saw enough of Kansas to
satisfy me that it was an easy matter for the most
observant man to be mistaken as to the popula-
tion. Why, sir, if a man wrere in the upper end I
of Doniphan and Brown counties during the time
of the Iowa land sales, he would have said there ■
was a large population; but a very few days after i
the sale, the counties were depopulated. I wit- j
nessed the same thing in Lykens county, where '
the people had gone for the purpose of locating !
the lands, merely to secure their title, and as soon
as the sale was over, left the county, and many
of them left the Territory.
Now, sir, I have always treated, as I always
shall, every statement made by Governor Walker
and Mr. Stanton, with that respect to which it is
entitled; and, as I said in discussing this question
some time since, I would not, because of the con-
flicting statements, go into a close examination
of them; but the pictures cannot be reconciled.
Whilst I estimate one of the signers of that pa-
per very much as the Senator from Michigan has
done, 1 would put him on a footing with Lane,
from what I saw of both; yet the facts developed
there by the ballot-box show conclusively that
the statement with regard to the disfranchisement
of nineteen counties must be greatly exa  derated.
Of all the extravagant statements I have seen yet,
that would be the most extraordinary—that there
were inhabitants in all those counties, that it
wguld have been a physical possibility to have
had a registry, to have entered voters, and to
have held elections in all those nineteen coun-
ties.
But to the practical point for which I rose only,
and it is this: that whilst we are told thatnineteen
counties were disfranchised, containing one half
the population, we know, by Secretary Stanton *s
message, that as early as May there were nine
thousand two hundred and fifty voters registered;
and at the October election, with a greatly in-
creased population, at the end of a bitter partisan
contest, and after the Army had voted, and each
party charge the other with having polled fraud-
ulent votes, the aggregate little exceeds twelve
thousand. How can this be ? There was no regis-
try in the way.
Then again, the other day, on a vote for State
officers, unembarrassed by any registry, every
white male citizen above the age of twenty-one
voting, the aggregate vote is about thirteen thou-
sand. How can you reconcile these facts that
come to us through the ballot-box, in an official
form, with the allegation that more than one half
of the people of Kansas have been disfranchised ?
The best that can be said with regard to these
movements in Kansas, on either side, is bad
enough. That the registry was greatly defective,
no man doubts. A perfect registry in a country
like that would have been a wonder. That in
many instances it was not sought to make it
right, I have no doubt; but that one half of the
people were disfranchised, is clearly and emphat-
ically contradicted by the facts themselves—nine
thousand two hundred and fifty votes registered
in May, and only a little over twelve thousand
voted in October. I was there about that time.
I said, in noticing that peculiar feature of Gov-
ernor Walker's statement, that I simply was un-
able to reconcile these facts with his picture. I am
the last man to say an unkind thing of him. I
never did. I have been his personal friend; but I
take this case as it stands, and how am I to con-
cludc that nineteen counties were disfranchised in
the face of the facts which I have stated? There
is enough to be said about informality and want
of authority without coming to that point; but I
shall not trouble the Senate further.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
Mr. SEWARD. I have a word to say which
I think proper and very pertinent to this question.
1 like to have fair and square accounts all around,
and I think it is proper to say, that on conversing
with my friend [Mr. Hablant] who has addressed
the Senate in a vei y able speech, and who is not
here now, lie was satisfied he had done injustice
m the remarks which he made in regard to the
manner in which his coming to the floor was re-
garded to-day. I know perfectly well how that
happened. It was a mistake all around. The
Secretary misconceived the rule and misled the
President. The President then misled the Sena-
tor from Mississippi. The mistake was corrected
just about as soon as ever any mistake can be
corrected in a body of sixty m^n, and with cour-
tesy the floor was restored to my friend. I like
to have all these difficulties out of the way, and
now I give up the floor to my friend from Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. STUART. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, I do not propose to make
any enlarged remarks, but to state two points. I
think that what has fallen from the Senator from
Pennsylvania is entirely consistent with the facts
stated by Governor Walker and by Secretary
Stanton. They do not say that half the people
were disfranchised. They say the people in one
half the counties were not registered, and had no
opportunity to vote. Secretary Stanton says ex-
pressly in his message that the counties wherein
the registry was taken, and that did not vote,
were counties comprising more than a majority of
the voters of the Territory; so that that is all-con-
sistent. My friend from Ohio, it seems to me,
