2498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
aggressive acts, and to redress the grievances of
the past. I am ready to go with him who will go
"furthest to maintain the honor of the American
flag, and to arrest the lawless acts of the naval
officers of England, which are now perpetrated
almost within sight of the shores of the country.
While bam ready, Mr. President, to maintain
the doctrines laid down in the report and resolu-
tions of the Committee on Foreign Relations; while
I am ready to go to the extreme verge of our
rights to vindicate the honor of the country against
these belligerent acts of the naval forces of Great
Britain, I must avow here and now my deep mor-
tification and shame that the flag of our country
has been, and now is, prostituted with impuniry
by pirates engaged in the damning crime of the
slave trade. 1 confess, Mr. President, that 1 read
with feelings of the deepest mortification the letter
of Lord Napier to the Secretary of State, in which
he narrated the capture by Bi iush vessels of moie
than twenty ships engaged in the unlawful and
infamous slave traffic under cover of the American
flag. We are jealous of the rights and honor of
our Hag. We should not, we cannot, ay, we will
not, permit any Power to violate it or tarnish it.
The recent acts of British officers have touched
the national heart, and aroused the national pride.
We are indignant at these aggressive acts, and we
demand instant reparation. That flag, the em-
blem of our sovereignty on the decks of our ships
in every quarter of the globe—that flag of whose
honor we are so jealous, has been, and now is,
prostituted, shamelessly prostituted, by pirates
Engaged in an inhuman traffic in the bodies of our
fellow-men. These accursed ships, launched in
our own ports, in violation of our own laws, hover
on the coasts of Africa and line the shores of
Cuba, under the protecting folds of the American
flag. Yes, sir, that (lag, for the honor of which
we are ready to peril the peace of the world, is
shamelessly prostituted by men our own laws
pronounce piiates—piostituti-d to cover a tiailic
our own laws pronounce piracy, a traffic which
the Christian and civilised world abhors.
This prostitution of the American (lag to cover
a traffic abhored of man and accursed of God, is
known throughout the world, and it has brought
dishonor upon the American name, and the Amer-
ican character. The apathy and cold indiffer-
ence we have manifested at this prostitution of our
flag have made the woild question the sincrnty
of our hostility to the African slave iradio. Wi II
may the philanthropist and tin- Chusuan w!h>m;
sympathies embrace the e.hildt en of misfort un«—
the bondsmen of Afi icti, torn by an inhunru) (raf-
fle from their native land, and condemned to a
life of unpaid toil, doubt the sincerity of on r dec-
larations of hostility to the slave trade when they
witness this prostitution of our Hag, our lndiifei-
ence to the humiliation it brings upon us, and the
efforts now making in this country to repeal our
laws branding the traffic as piracy, to abrogate
the treaty by which we bound ouisrlwsto coop-
erate with England on the roast of Africa for the
suppression of the traffic, and for the reopening
of that proscribed trade.
I am ready, Mr. President—1 believe the people
I represent are ready—to maintain with inflexible
firmness the doctrine that American vessels on
the high seas, in time of peace, bearing the Amer-
ican flag, remain under the jurisdiction of the
country; and that any visitation, molestation, or
detention by force, by any foreign Power, is in
derogation of the sovcieignty of the United States.
I am ready, and I believe the people I repiesent
arc ready, to use the whole power of the country,
if necessary, to repel and redress any acts by any
Power, however ^leat, which shall violate the
rights or honor of the country on any d^ckover
which the American flag waves. But [demand,
Mr. President, and the people I represent demand,
that the Government shall fulfill, in good faith, us
treaty obligations to cooperate with England m an
honest effort to suppress the slave trade. We de-
mand that the country shall no longer be dishon-
ored before the nations by the open and shameless
prostitution of our flag to the prosecution of an in-
human and accursed traffic.
Sir, if the Government is sincerely desirous to
suppress the slave trade; if it wishes to fulfill its
treaty obligations; if itmeans to redeem the honor
of the nation, now tarnished by allowing the flag
of the Republic to be prostituted by pirates to
cover their piracy on the coasts of Africa and on
the shores of Cuba, let it at once send to the
African coast, and to the waters around Cuba,
vessels adapted to the work of breaking up the
commerce in the bodies and souls of men, now
prosecuted under cover of the American flag. If
we have not ships adapted to that work, let us
build them at any cost at the earliest moment, and
send them to the seas now covered by pirate
crafts, over which waves the flag of the Republic.
By so acting we can redeem the honor of the na-
tion , now tarnished, and demonstrate to the world
that the American Government " should execute
its own laws and perform its own obligations, by
its own means and its own power.'5 But if ex-
perience shall demonstrate the fact that an honest
and energetic effort on our part cannot prevent
the prostitution of our flag, cannot break up the
slave traffic under cover of our flag, then it seems
to me that justice, honor, and humanity, will
alike demand that we enter into treaty obligations
with England under certain limitations and re-
strictions, by which she shall yield the right of
visitation and search, and that we shall, for a lim-
ited time, and within certain lines of latitude and
of longitude, exercise the power of visitation to
ascertain the character of suspected vessels sailing
under our flag.
Cut our business now, Mr. President,is to vin-
dicate, not the prostitution of our flai>; by the pi-
rates engaged in the slave trade, but to vindicate
the violation of the lights and honor of out flag
by the naval forces of England, almost within
cannon-shot of our own shores. Tins cannot be
accomplished by words here. If it is necessary,
in the present position of the question, for the
Senate to act at all, let us look to deeds, not to
words. 1 am ready, not to declare war, but to
authoi ize the President to send to the Gulf, to the
shores of Cuba, a naval force, with positive or-
ders to sink or captim: the I i it.sh ships of war
that, ha\e commuted the belligerent acts com-
plained of, and to bung them to our shoies, and
hold the officers of t hose a lnp.-« person a! I v respons-
ible lot those acts of hostility, until the Ihitish
Cabinet defines us position, by avowing or dis-
avowing their acts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty of the
Chair to call up ihe special order at this hour.
Mr. MASON. It is haruly to be said that this
is a del Kite. 11 is rather an expression of the opin-
ion of the Senate; and I think it will terminate in
a short time. It seems to me desirable that we
should go through v/nh it. It will hav -to be done
at some tunc, and 1 must insist on disposing of
the ruhjeel HOW.
Mr. iniNTEfl. 1 cannot consent to postpone
the special order.
Mi. MASON. 1 move to postpone the special
Older until we dispose of these lesolutions.
Mr. 1 [(INTER. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas und nays were ordered.
Mr. N'i ALLORV. ifthemotion be debatable,
as 1 undcistand it is, I yn£> est to the Senator
from Massachusetts, that he go on and conclude
his remarks on this motion.
Mr. WILSON. Oh no; I do not wish to do
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
allow this matter to go over until Monday. As
is suggested to me by tin; Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Co{,lamr.it,] 1 do not think that settling it
to-day will opnate very severely on the proceed'
ings in the Gulf between now and Monday. At
any rate, if wc settle it then, we shall attain as'
much good; and [ am told there are other Senators
who d'-sne to speak on the subject. There are
several appropriation bills behind, and I hope the
Senate will not break over the rule of confining
these matters to the morning hour, until we get
through with the necessary appropriation bills.
Thcic are many of them, and they are certainly
more important than the talk about this thing.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment offered by the Senator
from New Hampshire, and then 1 shall not ob-
ject to the matter going over.
Mr. MASON1. We shall lose time ifthis debate
be prolonged on another day. I take it for grant-
ed these resolutions must be acted on during the
session; and, therefore, as far as the time of the
Senate is concerned, it is a matter of little moment
whether it precedes or follows the close of this
appropriation bill. We are the more likely to
end it in a brief space, if we continue it, than if
we postpone it now and resume it hereafter. I
would say, also, as my impression, that in the
altered relations between the two countries, it is
a matter of great importance to the American
people to know the decision of the Senate. I hope
the special order will be postponed.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to my colleague that
the appropriation bills have to be passed three
days before the ad journment; we have had an in-
timation on that subject; and we had better take
the early portion of the time left to us, to pass
the appropriation bills, and devote the latter days
of the next week'to these resolutions, and other
matters that may come up. I must, therefore,
insist on the special oider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, before the vote is taken on the postpone-
ment, the Secretary will read the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Add to the amendment of Mr. IIale :
And the President is heicbv authorized and empowered
to employ the naval force of the United States, and to send
such lorce to the scene of the iccent outrazes, wth instruc-
tions to capturc tho ships winch have committed, or which
may commit these beihgeient acts.
Mr. SEWARD. I think there is no more im-
portant question that can come before Congress
than the question which is now under considera-
tion, none that is so urgent. The session maybe
prolonged for the passage of the appropriation
bills, and I, for one, am prepared to sit here until
the appropriation bills are passed, and until tho
action of the Senate is had on the si^ject now
before it. I shall therefore vote for continuing
the consideration of this subject, and if it is post-
poned, I shall ask the Senate then to take up the
joint resolution to extend the session.
Mr. POSTER. I do not propose at present to
give any opinion as regards tho importance of the
subject now under consideration, except so far
forth as to say that if it be as important as gentle-
men urge it to be, it seems to me far more import-
ant to pass the naval appropriation bill, which
probably the Senator from Virginia will bring
forwaid, than to continue this discussion. So far
as woids conquer, we have had enough, and it
seems to me we had better pass the naval appro-
priation bill before we do anything further on this
subject at all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Mason's motion, resulted—yeas 20, nays 32;
as follows:
VKAS — Messrs. Allen, Brown, Purkee, Fitch, Fitz-
patuck, ll.rhm, Houston. Johnson of'fennessee, Kennedy,
Kmc, Malloiv, Mason, itice, Sebastian, Seivaid, Shields,
Thomson of New Jeisey, Toombs, Tiumhull, and Wilson
N \ Vr3—Mo^sis. Bell, Biglor, Blight, Brodcrick, Chan-
dlei, t :|,ii k. (Ilav. Chairman, Coilamei, Onttenden, Davis,
I)i\on, Fe^stjp.den, Foot, Fo-tei, Gwin, Hale, ilamhn,
IJ.imniond, ll.u no, II untet, Ivcwm, Jones, Pen tee, Pusrh,
Ileal, Seinnnn-, Slide!!, Stuart, Thompson of Kontucky,
Wade, ;uh| WjijjIu—32.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
200) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1859; the question pending being
ijjion the motion of Mr King to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, with respect
o the completion of certain custom-house build-
Zings, by the addition of the following clause:
I The Secretaty of the Treasury is requned to execute the
prousions of the acts of Congress, approved Auaust 1(3,
1833, and March 3, authorizing and dnocnng the said
Secietary to cause to be constructed buildings theiPiri men-
tioned lot custom-house and post office puiposes, and for
the accommodation of the coutts of the United fc?tatc>, and
the appiopnattons made by the «aid acts ato continued lor
the purpose of the cxecuuon of the said provisions of said
laws.
Mr. IvINGr. I offered the amendment, not be-
cause I believed in the ordinary and proper course
of proceedings on the part of the different de-
partments of the Government it was necessary,
but becausc I understood it was the intention of
the Secretary of the Treasury not to carry out
these laws; and I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance whether it is not his under-
standing that these appropriations are not to be
expended ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand any such
thing. I understand that if there was money
