436
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May Q4,
35th Cong....1st Sess. Legislation of Congress upon the American Fisheries—Mr. Foster.
Ho. of Reps.
happened that the same training served the double
purpose of fitting some to command, and others
to obey. The Hulls, Perrys, and Decatnrs, were
not educated in naval schools; but the men whom
they commanded were, in a large degree, educated
in the fisheries, whose prosperity, if not their
very existence, is dependent upon the system of
bounties.
In 1813, the country returned to the system of
salt duties, and bounties to fishermen. In the
meantime, during the six years which intervened
between the repeal of the bounties and their revi-
val, the fisheries had no other support than that
derived from the tariff on the importation of for-
eign fish. That tariff was seventy-five cents per
barrel on imported pickled fish, and fifty cents
per quintal of dried fish.
The act of July 29,1813, not only renewed the
system of bounties, but increased their amount;
and, like the acts repealed in 1807, it gave the
bounty to the ship-owners and seamen, in con-
sideration of their spending four months of the
year in fishing. No condition was annexed, re-
quiring the exportation, or even the catching of
fish—a clear proof that the object of the act was
the protection and encouragement of fishing as a
school for seamen.
The first section imposes a duty of twenty cents
per bushel upon the importation of salt. The
second section provides for the payment of twenty
cents per barrel upon the exportation of pickled
fish of the fisheries of the United States, cured
with foreign salt. The fifth section gives a bounty
to vessels engaged in the cod fisheries, and is as
follows:
" Sec. 5. That from and after the la«t day of December,
1814, there shall be paid on the last day of Decembeij an-
nually, to the owner of every vessel, or his agent, by the eol>
lector of the district where such vessel may belong, that shall
be qualified agreeably to law, for carrying on the bank and
Cod fisheries, and that s hall dentally have been employed
therein at sea for the teim of loin months, at least, of the
fishing season next preceding, (winch sea^m is accounted
to be from the la.it day 01 Febmary to the last day of No-
vember in eveiy yeai.) for each and every ton of such ves-
sel's burden, accoidmg to her admeasinoment, as licensed
or enrolled: if of twenty tons, and not exceeding thirty tons, ,
two dollars and foity cents; and if above thu  v tons, (out j
dollarsj of which allowance, three eighth paita shall aecme [
and belong to theownerof such fishing vessel, and theother I
five eighths thereof shall he divided by him, his agent,or law- (
ful representative, to and among tho s-everal fUhermcn who
shall have been employed m such vessel during the season
aforesaid, or a part thereof, as the cast; may be, in mich pio-
portious as the full they shall lespecnvely have taken may
bear to the whole quantity offish taken on board Mich ves-
sel during such season : Provided, That the allowance
aforesaid on one vessel, for one season, shall not exceed
$272."
The sixth section gives $1 CO per ton to vessels !
or boats under twenty tons, and with the condition
annexed that they land not less than twelve quin-
tals of fish for every ton of their Admeasurement.
(See Stat, at Large, vol. 3, page 49.) It will be
seen that the same discrimination is made m favor
of large vessels, which i formerly pointed out.
There can be no mistaking the object of this dis-
crimination. It is clearly on the principle that the
larger vessels are the better calculated to discipline
seamen. The duration of this act was limited to
one year after the termination of the war with
Great Britain.
The dctof February 9, 181G, continues in force
the former act of July 29, J813, indefinitely. It
is as follows:
11 That the act entitled 'An act laying a dutyon imported
salt, giantmg a bouutv on pickled fish cxpoited, ami allow-
ances to certain vessels employed in the fifheries,' passed
on the 29th day of July, in the yeai 1613, «hall be, and the
same hereby is, continued in fcuee, anything in the said act
to the eontiary notwithstanding."—Statutes at Large, vol.
3, page 254.
The act of March 1, J817, goes still further to
illustrate the object of the bounty system to fish-
ermen. It requires th'e owners and three-fourths
of the crews of fishing vessels claiming the bounty
to be citizens of the United States. Section third
is as follows:
4 c That after the 3t)th day of September next, the bounties
and allowances, as now "ranted by law to the owners of
boats and vessels engaged m tho li*heru>,sliail be paid only
on boats oi \es;.ols the officers, and .it least thtee (juarfers
of the ciew.-, of winch shall be proved, to the Mitibfaction
of the collector of the district where said boat or vessel shall
belong, to be citizens of the United States, or persons not
the subjects of any foreign prmce or State,"— Scatutcs at
Lai{-e} vol. 3, page 351.
This act removes all doubt as to the object of
the bounty system.
The firstactof 1789 may,with someplausibility,
be said merely to refund the salt duty to the ex-
porter. Subsequent acts, however, paid the quar-
ter part of the bounty to the seamen directly, with
the evident purpose of encouraging not only the
business fishing, but the profession of sea-
manship. But it was ascertained that foreigners
availed themselves of the benefit of the bounty
laws in proportions so large as in some degree to
frustrate the purposes of Government. This act
of March 1, 1817, is therefore intended to supply
this defect, and to place the leading objects of the
bounties beyond all question.
The act of March 3, 1819, increases the allow-
ances to boats and vessels under thirty tons,
placing those between five and twenty on the
same footing as those between twenty and thirty.
Those above thirty are allowed a reduced bounty,
in case they sha\l be engaged three and a half
months, but less'than four, provided their crews
consisted of ten persons. It is in the following
terms:
" That fiom and after the passing of this act, there shall
be paid on the labt day of December, annually, to the owner
of every fishing boat, or vessel, or his agent, by the collector
of the district where such boat or vessei may belong, that
shall be qualified agieeably to law tor cairyiog on the
bank and othet cod fisheries and that shall actually have
been employed therein at sea foi the term of fout months at
least ot the h>hmg season next preceding, (which season is
accounted to be from the List day of Febiuaiy to the hu-t day
of November every vear,) lor each arid eveiy ton of such
boat or vessel's burden, according to heradmea&uiemcntas
licensed or enrolled, if of mote tnan live tons, and not ex-
ceeding thirty tons, tin ee dollars and ht'ty cents ; "it nhovn
thirty tons, tour dollais; and if above thiitv toils, and it the
eiew consist ot ten poison8?, and having been actually em-
ployed m tho cod lnheiy ut =-ea, loi the tenn of tluoe and
one, half months at least, but less than four months of the
season atoiesaid, thiee dollars and (iity cents: Provided)
That the allowance aforesaid oi« any one vessel lor one
season shall not exceed three hundred aiuNixtydollais."—
Statutes at Lcn^c, vol. 3, page 520.
This act has been said to repeal the act of 1817,
requiring the owners and three fourths of the
crew to be citizens of tho United States. Butthcic
is not the slightest warrant for such an assertion.
The former act is not so much as referred to, and
therefoie all pattsof it which are not specifically
changed by the act of 1819, remained in full force.
The iate of allowance is enhanced, and the term
required for a ceitam class of vessels to be at sea
is modified; but in every other respect the act of
1817 remained in full force. On the supposition
that this act repeals the former, the salt duties
would stand repealed, since they were not recn-
acted by the act of 1819; and m that case the
bounty system would stand aloof from any pre-
tense even of refunding the duty on salt. i)ut this
question is authoritatively settled by the regula-
tions of the Treasury Department, which require,
in conformity with the statute of 1817, that the
master urnl three fourths of the crew of any ves-
sel claiming bounty must be proven to be citizens
of the United States. (See Circular Instructions,
dated February 20, 1853, issued by Secretary
Corwm.) It is to be noted that the acts passed
since the revival of the system of bounties aie si-
lent as to the bounty being in lieu of the salt duty,
or being measured by the amount of the duty col-
lected. These acts arc still in force; while the
bounty has continued at the highest point which
it ever attained. The salt duty has been reduced
from twenty cents the bushel of fifty-six pounds,
to less than two and a half cents the bushel; in a
word, the increase of the bounty went on pari
passu with the diminution of the salt duty. The
exact figures, which 1 find in the recent report
of the {Senate Committee on Commerce, are two
cents and thirty-three hundredths per bushel.
It is ciear, therefore, that the system of bounties,
though originating in the salt duty, has gradually
been separated fiom it, and now stands upon its
own moots as an independent policy. Ithas been
in existence, with an interval of six years, from
the organization of the Government to the pres-
ent time; and I think that I have abundantly
shown, from the very terms of the several acts on
the subject of bounties, that a leading object in
the inception, and the sole object for forty years
past, of their continuance, has been the mainte-
nance of a school for seamen.
Sir, these bounties to the hardy fishermen of
New England stand before the American people,
for their vindication, upon the same footing with
the Naval School at Annapolis, and the Military
School at West Point. I admit that the system
of bounties as a means of stimulating industrial
enterprises is objectionable, and, indeed, inde-
fensible. But, where the objcct is avowedly the
training of American seamen, with a view to the
national defense, there can be no more objection
to this particular plan than to those adopted for
the education of officers at the Military and Naval
Academies. It is no objection to it that a branch
of private industry is fostered by it; but, on the
contrary, that circumstance is a strong recom-
mendation to it; for, by the aid of the fisheries,
the Government is enabled to accomplish, with
three or four hundred thousand dollars, what mil-
lions would scarcely do without them.
The expenses of the Navy Department for the
last fiscal year, according to the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, were $12,726,000; and this .
sum exceeds, by more than half a million, the
whole amount of bounties paid, according to the
same authority, from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment to the present time. The average amount
of bounties per annum has been about three hun-
dred thousand dollars. In 1856, it was only
$134,000; in 1857, the amount ran up to $601,000.
Sir, can that be regarded as an expensive sys-
tem of training seamen, which, for the paltry sum
of #300,000, gives the best kind of practical in-
struction to thirteen or fifteen thousand men
yearly ?
Your Naval Academy at Annapolis cost $39,000
during the last fiscal year, which is more than a
tenth of the average yearly expense of the school
for seamen. Your Military Academy at West
Point cost $175,000, which is more than half the
expense of training thirteen thousand seamen.
Are you ready to abolish these institutions ? Have
they not vindicated their utility ? But, sir, they
stand on the same footing with the school for sea-
men, and must fall with it.
Mr. Chairman, while tho duty on salt has been
reduced to a very low figure, thereby furnishing
the opponents of the bounty system with what
they regard as an unanswerable argument in favor
of repeal, it must not be forgotten, on the other
hand, that protection against foreign competition
has been withdrawn from our fishermen in a great
measure. I have already drawn attention to the
protection afforded by the act of 1789, when a
duty of seventy-five cents per barrel was imposed
on imported pickled fish, and fifty cents per quin-
tal pn dried fish. Under the tariff of 184G, the
duty was twenty per cent, on all imported fish,
but, by the reciprocity treaty with the British
Provinces, we were deprived, in 1854, of the ad-
vantages this duty gave us in the domestic mar-
ket, and our immediate neighborand greatest com-
petitor in the production of fish was placed on a
footing of equality with us. They are given by
that treaty the freedom of a market among thirty
millions, and we have the benefit of their market
of three millions. In other words, we are per-
mitted to carry coal to Newcastle!
The tariff of 1857 still further reduces the duty
on imported fish, so that now the whole benefit
of that sort of protection amounts to fifteen per
cent, ad valorem upon the products of countries of
whose competition we have little to fear, even
without protection. Here, then, is an additional
reason for bounty, unless the policy of Govern-
ment is to break down the fisheries.
I will proceed to show that the condition of the
fisheries is by no means prosperous, and without
some efficient protection from the Government,
they must sink into insignificance. In order to
place the matter beyond dispute, I will quote from
an authority which cannot be gamsayed. The
Committee on Commerce, in the other wing of the
Capitol, have reported in favor of the repeal of
the fishing bounties. They say nothing of the
repeal of the salt duties, and we are therefore left
to infer that they desire to burden the fisheries
with that duty, at the same time that they deprive
them of what was ongmally designed as an equiv-
alent.
The report embraces a table marked B, which
is too large for my purpose, else I should be glad
to incorporate it into my speech. I must content
