1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
has made an extraordinary effort to show that I
am mistaken..
Mr. PUGH. You did notread the papers, but
I read them.
Mr. STUART. I propose to read the papers,
to show that it is not myself, but my honorable
friend, who is mistaken. I read from Secretary
Stanton's message:
"The law passed attha last session of the Legislative
Assembly, providing foi th. organization of a convention to
frame a constitution for the government of Kansas, as one
of the States of the Union, was adopted at a penod when,
unfortunately, the people of the Territory were divided by
a bitter hostility, resulting from the pievious state of com-
motion and civil war. In consequence of this embittered
feeling, and the mutual distrust naturally thereby engen-
dered, one of the parties, constituting a large majority of the
people, refrained almost entirely fioni any participation m
the proceedings instituted under the law aforesaid. The
census therein provided for was imperfectly obtained from
an unwilling people, in nineteen counties of the Territory;
while, in the remaining counties, beio« also nineteen in
number, fiom vauous causes, no attempt was made 10 com-
ply with the law."
That is the statement of Governor Walker to
which I alluded, and which I said was substan-
tially confirmed by Secretary Stanton in his mes-
sage to the Legislature, which I now read. It
is true, he goes on to say—and that I never dis-
cussed—that:
<( In some instances, people and officers were alike averse
to the proceeding; in others, the officers neglected or re-
fused to act; and in some there was but a small population,
and no efficient organization enabling the people to boeine
a representation in the convention. Under the opeiation of
all these causes combined, a census l^t \va« obtained of
only nine thousand two hundred and fitly-one legal voteis,
confined to precisely one half of the countu>-j of tlw T mi-
tory, though these, undoubtedly, contained much the laiger
part of the population."
He says ail these causes operated, but he does
not know to what extent each cause operated.
That they all did operate we knew without his
statement. It was matter of public notoriety that
there- was a portion of that people who refuse d to
recognize this Legislature or anything under it.
I have stated more than once that I thought they
acted very unwisely. X have stated here and else-
where, that I knew of no better way for the peo-
ple to help themselves to remedy legal defects in
this country, and no other way, than to resort to
the ballot-box and vote; but I never heard until
lately that when the people resorted to the ballot-
box and voted under a constitution, and at the
same time voted against the constitution, they
were held to have adopted the constitution. That
was an argument that never struck me until within
the last few days. It was not made here, but was
published in the newspapers.
Another fact is stated in this paper certificate
which discredited it with me to a great extent,
aside from the character which the Senator from
Pennsylvania admits attaches to one ot these per-
sons. It is this: it says that one of the judges of
Frobate was a free-State man, and refused to act.
do not believe that, and I will tell you why. I
have just sent for the laws of this Territory, and
I find' my recollection is confirmed that the judges
of probate and (he sheriffs of the counties were
appointed by the first Legislature elected in Kan-
sas to hold their office until 1857, and I do not
believe that Legislature appointed any free-State
men to office.
Mr. DAVIS.
389
mind, directs itself to that question alone. Twice
to-day I have heard that there was great news
just come in from Kansas—once privately com-
municated to me, and once stated upon the floor
of the Senate, as the result of the recent election,
and they are opposite. One says the free-State
j men have swept Kansas; another says the pro-
I slavery men, contrary to every known fact, have
j carried the election. What boots it to Senators?
| Are we to sit here waiting, as the tide may come in
| and flow out, to determine what our action is to be
j on a great question ? Have we no principle ? Is
■ truth sunk so low that our vote is to be as the
I tide shall ebb and flow in our favor? It matters
, not to me how the election went; it matters not to
j me who is elected Governor, or who may be in
I the Legislature; and I shall hang my head in
' shame when I believe that an American Senate
can be actuated by such motives. I shall feel that
we have reached that decadence in our institutions
which marks a people unfit for the Government
under which they live. For if the government be
too high for the moral tone of the people, it is as
impracticable, it is as certain to fail as if we were
to attempt to fetter this free people by the bonds
of despotism.
Like my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Pcgh,] I have
; come to the conclusion that rio reliance is to be
^ placed on the rumors that leach us. Like him, I
| have been anxious to get information, and I have
j set in wonder when philippics are delivered here
j on questions which have no connection with the
j subject, to know why it is that this subject is not
j referred, and the appropriate committee required
i to gather that information which, we need. 1 have
come to the conclusion, sir, in the words of an
ancient school of philosophy, that all we know
: is that nothing can be known in relation lo this
] question of Kansas.
I Nor do 1 think it devolves on the Senate to
Mr. President, I am surprised
at the constant allegations of fraud, and always
upon one side. 1 do not understand the force of
such hard terms applied to a people who are so
far away, and ^admitted to have political rights.
Then, again, I thfnk it is somewhat like that art
which is practiced to prevent exposure by making
accusations. Where do these frauds exist? In
the organization of societies to violate the first
compact that was made in relation to these Ter-
enter into these local questions of how precincts
were established, ho welections were held, whether
] a free-State man, or a pro-slavery man was justice
! of the peace and inspector of the election.' That
j subject has come to bo like the frogs in Egypt;
i we can turn to no subject, we can discuss noth-
I ing here without having that protruded, placed
j in the foreground, obscuring everything like calm
I reflection. Whatever be the facts in relation to
, this question, it belongs to the truth, to the coun-
\ try, to our duty, and to the Government that we
j should seek to ascertain them, and that on those
I ascertained facts we should then proceed to act.
| Violent speeches for and against slavery delivered
j Oil the question whether the Committee on Ter-
: ritones shall investigate this subject or not, will
lead to no result that I can suppose any man is j
; willing to accept. I wish the time had come
| when the Senate would choose to take the qucs-
j lion whether or not they will refer the message.
, If not, 1 hope my colleague will postpone it to
. the remotest day, I do not care if it be dies non.
j Mr. WILSON. I think, Mr. President, that
j the remarks of the Senator from Mississippi re-
l quire an immediate and prompt reply. The Sen-
[ ator .undertakes to read us lectures, to cast censure
i upon us because we have been pleased to refer
; to the frauds which have been perpetrated m the
, Territory of Kansas during the past three years.
| The Senator is not pleased with these references,
j Well, sir, we have refeired to these frauds in the
! past; we will refer to them in the future; and we
I shall hold the men who have sustained and apol-
ogized for them to that moral responsibility be-
fore the country to which the people ever hold
all men who justify and apologize for unjust deeds.
I ket me ask the Senator if he docs not know that
on the 30th of March, 185.3, over forty-nine hun-
dred men went from Missouri into Kansas, and
ritones, when it.was agreed that soil and climate h voted ? That has been proved and spread before
Irl rl Morrm no thnir i n«l itutirvnc! un/l tUof ilm« li  l,n  on • . i < '
should determine their institutions, and that they
should be left to the free will of the people them-
selves; and never was there a baser fraud than to
organize, under legislative charters, companies
thus to pervert the free will of the people. That
stands in the foreground, the first.
Then, sir, in the progress of this discussion we
have been told time and again that the reference
of the question in relation to slave institutions,
was an unimportant one, and yet every speaker
who rises hinges on that single point. He divides
the people and classifies them into free-State men
and pro-slavery men. Every telegraphic dispatch
that comes and every report thatagitates the public
1 the country. There is, there can be, no mistake
in regard to the fact. That vote elected the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, ami has controlled for three
went from Missouri, and elected Whitfield as Del-'
egate to Congress. That was followed by the
fraud of March 30,1855, which laid Kansas at the
feot of the pro-slavery men—men who were sus-
tained by the last Administration, and who are
now upheld by the present Administration.
How was it at the last Octoberelection, the only
contested election that has been held? Were not
one thousand six hundred fraudulent votes re-
turned from the town of Oxford, containing only
a few legal voters ? Was not the Cincinnati Di-
rectory put into that election ? Were not one
thousand three hundred fraudulent votes returned
for McGhee county? Were not several hun-
dred fraudulent votes given under the eye of
Governor Walker himself, in the town of Kick-
apoo ? Did not Governor Walker go down to
Oxford and throw out that fraudulent vote? Did
he not correct the McGhee fraud ? Did not the
Legislature right the Krckapoo frauds ? Did not
the States of Mississippi and Alabama " howl"
—to use the word Mr. Buchanan is said to have
used in a letter written to Governor Walker—
over this? Did they not denounce Governor
Walker for correcting a palpable fraud upon the
people of Kansas? Did not that correction of'a
| fraud begin the downfall of Robert J. Walker?
He was destroyed for that act by a weak Execu-
tive.
Sir, how was it on the 21st of December last?
Look at the votes counted for the Lecompton'con-
stitution. Kickapoo, with five hundred inhabit-
ants, gave one thousand and seventeen votes;
Oxford gave one thousand two hundred and sixty-
six votes; Shawnee seven hundred and twenty-
nine; Mary sville, with not over thirty voters, gave
two hundred and thirty-two votes, and Port Scott
three hundred and eighteen—making in these
placcs more than three thousand five hundred
votes out of less than six thousand seven hun-
dred in the whole Territory. Three thousand of
these votes were fraudulent votes.
Senators do not like references to these frauds;
but every intelligent, well-informed man, in or out
of Kansas, who chooses to investigate the subject,
or who cares anything about the destinies of that
Territory, knows that of the six thousand seven
hundred votes returned for the constitution on the
91st of December, not three thousand were legal
votes.
Kansas has just had another election; and the
evidences are thickening upon us. TJrey are
coming to us by telegraph; they are coming to us
by men from that Territory—n:en who have been
pro-slavery men from the beginning—that frauds
have been again perpetrated. Although the free-
State men voted down the constitution by a ma-
jority of neaily eleven thousand on the 4th of
January, and elected their State ticket and Legis-
lative ticket, the counting officer, dictator Calhoun,
it is now said, has counted in a pro-slavery Legis-
lature, and a pro-slavery State government. I do
| not know that this is so; but I know that the men
j who are in favor of making Kansas a slave State,
I and who have declared to-day, in the other branch
1 of Congress, that this Union shall be dissolved if
[ Kansas be not admitted under the Lecompton con-
stitution, have received such information. Un-
j vailed trickcry has triumphed; and we are now
j told, that if Kansas is not admitted under the Le-
compton swindle, the Union is to be dissolved.
The Union dissolved ! The men who perpetrated
these frauds, or who uphold them, may go out of
the Union when they please; but they must leave
the land behind them.
I have no wish to say unkind words here; no
wish to refer to these frauds, except for the pur-
pose of showing that the popular voice in Kansas
is to be crushed; that the object for which these
| frauds were perpetrated in the commencement, is
i to be accomplished by admitting Kansas into the
: Union under the Lecompton constitution, and that
\ we are to have the whole power and patronage of
years the destiny of the Territory. It was one I] this Administration, held back until iiow,toTorce
of the most palpable, deliberate, organized frauds jj it through both Houses of Congress, to consum-
: nifinmuiAt en tn/l iv> ♦h.r,-,.. — nni !! .a.. — * i  — ^ „ i „ ~ ^ rri •
ever perpetrated in this or any other land. There
is no man here, or elsewhere, hardy enough now
; to deny that those frauds were perpetrated, and
; that subsequent frauds have been perpetrated, for
1 the purpose of sustaining and upholding this ori-
; ginal iraud. These frauds did not commence on
11 the 30th of March, 1855; they began in October,
11 1854, witlun less than five months after the Ter-
ritory was organized, when several hundred men
mate this iniquity upon the people of that Terri-
tory.
Now, sir, when any Senator here, or anybody
in the country, can show a fraudulent vote given
at any time in the Territory of Kansas, by the
free-State men, of any locality, I will denounce
it; but 1 tell you you have never shown it, you
have never pretended it. I do not believe any
such vote has ever been given; and no record can
