1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2499
enough in the Treasury for them all, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury would carry out these laws.
I stated, yesterday, the reasons which governed
him, and, I think, properly governed him, in his
selection.
Mr. KING, Will the gentleman state what his
views about that are? I understood him, yester-
day, that the law was not to be carried out.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator certainly mis-
understood me. I stated that the appropriations
exceeded the money in the Treasury, and that j
being the case, the Secretary had to discriminate, ,
and the discrimination which he made was this: ;
he took those on which there were existing con- j
tracts, those on which a great deal of money had 1
been expended, and only a few thousand dollars i
were necessary to cover them in and complete ;
them. He applied the money to those buildings, 1
leaving others, where there had been no com- .
mencement, to be prosecuted when there should :
be more money in the Treasury. I did not un- j
derstand—on the contrary, I understood the op- :
posite—that the Secretary has any design to j
permit them to lapse, if the state of the Treasury
should be such as to enable him to carry them on. '
Mr. KING. The declarations now made by the j
chairman of the Committee on Finance are some-
what modified from what I understood him to say ■
yesterday; but I had a conversation with the Sec- ,
retary of the Treasury himself on this subject, \
and 1 stated to him that I should have to make !
this point, if the law was not earned out. Gen- i
tlemen talk about the want of money m the Treas-
ury. Is it the business of the Executive Depart- .
ments to execute the laws of the country, or have '
they a power of dispensation m reference to these 1
matters, to dispose of the Treasury as they please r .
Are appropiiations made by Congress, m which ;
the law is express, in winch the Sccretaiy is not •
only authored but diiected to construct these ;
buildings,distributed about the country, to be car-
ried out by hnn or not at his pleasure} It is claimed
that he has the right to determine for what pur-
poses he will make these expenditures, if there is
not money enough in the Treasury. Well, sir,
how much money does he wantm the Tteasury ?
He commenced this fiscal year with a surplus of
fifteen or twenty millions. At the commencement
of the present session, he asked for a loan of
$20,000,000, and it was promptly granted by Con-
gress. Within the past ten days he came for-
ward again, and asked for an additional loan of
$15,000,000, which has been gmnted so far as this
body is concerncd. In addition to this, he has the
revenues of the country,the duties oil imports,and
the proceeds of the public land sales. All these
moneys ^o into the Treasury: and it is the business
and duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to make
his estimates, and to call for his supply of funds
to meet the appropriations which are made by
Congress, and especially those which have been
rnade a year or two in advance. It is the strangest
thing in the world to me, that people will have
the assurance to come in here before Congress
and attempt to justify the Executive Departments
of the Government for refusing to carry out and
execute the acts of Congress, and put in their ifs
and their ands, saying if there is enough of money
in the Treasury they are going to do this and that, i
Sir, there is money enough hete to expend
eiiiht or ten million dollais for afomy on the Utah j
people, which I never believed was designed
against the people of Utah; but I always regarded ,
it as designed rather against Kansas than against I
Uta h. Some six or eight mi II ion doll at s to be. ex- 1
pended by this Government to force the Lecomp- j
ton constitution on the people of Kansas against -
their will; and yet the Secretary of the Treasury j
cannot find money to carry out an appropriation
of sixty or eighty or a hundred thousand dollars
in a dozen places, scattered over the country,
amounting, perhaps, in all to a million dollars, be- ,
causc he chooses to apply the funds in the Treas-
ury to some other purpose,and to say that there
is not any for (his purpose. According to my
ideas, n is the business of the executive depart- '
went to cuty out the appropriations made by |
Congress. It' I could have the assurance of the :
chairman of the Committee on Finance that tins
would be done, or if I had not understood that
H the expectation that these appropriations
were to pass by and to lapse, so that a distinct
appropriation would hereafter be required from ;
Congress to cairy them out, I should not have ,
deemed it necessary to offer this proposition; but
I regard an intimation of that sort as entirely suf-
ficient that some action should be taken on this
matter. If Congress and the country choose to
recognize the idea that the Executive Departments
shall not execute the laws, but are to„excrcise
their discretion, and are to assign to us as a reason
that they are not to do so on account of want of
funds in the Treasury, and we to be told every
time we ask them to carry out an act of Congress,
" Give us the money;" be it so. liut, sir, Con-
giess has given them §35,000,000 in addition to
the revenue for this single year; and yet they call
for more money. When you ask them to carry j
out an appropriation made by an act of Congress
passed two years ago, they want more money.
It would be cheaper, in the locality I feel con-
cerned in, to carry lound a subsci iption paper and
raise the funds, and execute these works our-
selves,than it would be to call on theGovernment,
if this is the way they dispose of the moneys they
have on hand,and then ask for more. The chair-
man of the Committee on Finance does not state
as explicitly as he did yesterday his understand-
ing of tins matter; but I state mine distinctly, and
that is the reason I have deemed itpioper to olfer
this proposition, and to bring it to the attention
of the Senate and of the country.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suggested yesterday the im-
propriety of taking action upon the defective in-
formation which the Senate necessarily had with
reference to this question, and especially upon
the Ogdcnsburg custom-house. The Senator fro in
New York said he knew all the facts. If he did,
and had explained them to the Senate, I think
there would have been very little dilficulty about
the matter. Some of the charges that 1 under-
stood him to make are fully repelled by the rec-
ord, which, I presume, lie knew, or might have
known, as he seemed to have interested himself
jn the locality. The onginal appropriation for
i the Ogdcnsburg custom-house was made on the
i 18th of August, 1856, and an additional one on
, the 3d of March, 1857. The site was condition-
■ ally purchased by Mr. Guthrie on the 20th of
January, 1857, and the validity of the title certi-
i fied to by the Attorney General on the 27th of
, February, 1857. It thus appears, from the facts,
tliat the cliaige which the Senator made yester-
| day, as I understood him, that the present Sec-
retary of the Treasury had given the money for
j the site to a favorite of Ins, is shown to be wnh-
| out the least shadow of foundation. The contract
: for it was made before the present Secretary
j come into office. So much for that point.
! In the next place, the payment was delayed,
under the conditions of the purchase, until the dis-
ability was removed. According to law, nothing
could be done in the work until the revenue col-
lected in that collection district equaled the ex-
penses of its collection. The previous Secietctry
of the Treasury made a conditional contract for
the purchase of a lot, to take effect when that
should happen, whenever the receipts should
equal the expenses of the collection of the revenue
in that district. The conditional contract which
Mr. Guthrie made had to be complied with; and
on the 27th of August, 1857, the Attorney Gen-
eral certified it to the Department to be his duty,
under Mr. Guthrie's contract, to pay for the land.
So far from the Tieasury Deparnvientattempting
to make the contract with a favoi ite, and pay him
money, the contract was made by the predeces-
sor of the present Secretary, and he resisted the
performance of it, believing that there was no
power to make even a conditional contract for
the purchase of land until the happening of the
contingency upon which the law authorized him
to bund a custom-house. The present Secietary,
taking this view, declined to comp1}* with that
contract, and the matter was referred to the At-
torney General, who, on the 27 th of August, 1857,
in the midst of the commercial disturbances of
the country ,a certificate having been crt ven shortly
before by the collector of the customs that this
provision of the law had be.-n oompln d with, said
that the Secretary was bound to comply with the
contract of Mr. Guthue, and so the money was
paid for the site.
The Senator would have the Senate believe that
this work oucrht to have been goins? on eversmce
the 16th of August, 1S5U\ wlnm ;n fact it was
nevei determined that this o.-ise was within the law
until the 27th of August, 1857, m the veiy nvdst
of the commercial revulsion. The Secretary of
the Treasury resisted compliance with the con-
; tract. So far from desiring to put money into the
: pocket of a favoiite, he resisted the whole pay-
; ment to the extent of carrying it to the Attorney
General to know whether the Government was
bound to carry out the contract for the purchase
of the lot. Owing to the objections of the citizens
; to the site selected, no payment therefor was made
j until March 9, J858. This speedy favoritism by
| which to pay a friend for the lot, was secured un-
j der the coercion of the Attorney General, under
| his judgment that the lav/ compelled the Secretary
I to pay the money, and it was not paid until the
9th of March, 1858.
! Again, and owing to the same causes, although
a site was paid for, the commencement of the
work was delayed in consequence of the state of
the finances, which made it necessary to confine
the expenditures for such objects to buildings al-
ready commenced. The contractor changed his
own contract, even when a partial one had been
made. He did not include iron, it seems, and al-
tered his contract and refused to carry it out. On
looking into the proper sources of information, I
am further authorized to say, that in regard to
every one of these custom-houses where the legal
prerequisites were complied with, the jurisdiction
of the States ceded, and the power of taxation re-
linquished, and the other conditions of the Jaw
complied with before the convulsion came on,
every one of them was put in operation. The
others were not, because it could not have been
done without a violation of law. The whole diffi-
culty, 1 have no doubt, was in this law, and that
is the anxiety of the Senator fiom New York.
This appropriation could not stand by itself, but
under the log-rolling system by which such things-
i are passed, it got m, probably with better works,
| and if the money should go back into the Trcas-
j ury, the Senator knows he could not get the ap-
; propriatiou, because it cannot stand on its own
j ments, and hence no doubt the anxiety he mani-
j fests on this subject.
i The Secretary of the Treasury has done pre-
; cisely his duty. He has not, he will not, and
i he ought not to apply the money to carry on this
j custom-house until the funds are provided by
i Congress. The Senator talks about a dispensing
I power. The Secretary of the Treasury does not
j claim it; nobody claims it. The Senator urges
! it from time to time in the face of the disclaimer
| and when the reasons are full, fair, and perfectly
| satisfactory to everybody in the Senate, I pre-
I sume, but himself. The Secretary has claimed
j no power to prevent the execution of a law of
I Congress, whatever he may think of it, even
j though it might direct him to throw money
i into the sea. tic exeicised no such power, but
! has simply endeavored to piotect the public in-
j tercst according to law, and according to the
i terms of the act which directed him to make the
! expenditure. He was charged yesterday with
l| spending large sums m buymgup the public debt,
'j That v/as done m accordance with law, and no
J doubt if at that time that custom-house had been
i] in a condition to be built, a portion of the sur-
j| plus in the Tteasury would have been applied
: to it. Under the conditions of the law, the com-
inissioner of customs had first to certify that there
!; was revenue enough collected in the district to
;; meet the expenses of its collection, and I think
r on close examination it will be found that this cus-
tom-house was carried up to that point by some
■\ casual importation, perhaps, of railroad iron. It
was earned up probably by temporary causes,
and it ought not to have been done at ail. I have
; no doubt a close examination into the matter
will show it to be a doubtful case whether even
ji to-day it is within the law. There has been no
'' assertion at any time by the Secretaiy of^the
• : Treasury, or by any pait of the executive Gov-
i ernmcnt as far as I know, ol any right, or power
! to withhold the execution of the law according
to its letter and tenor, whatever that law may be;
but the ground is taken, and it will be maintained
,} by Congiess and the country, that when the ao-
!■ proonatioiis of Congress have exceeded the rev-
i enue, it becomes the duty ol the executive G.i\-
: crnrneut first to apply the money in the Tieasury
' to those great objects which are necessary 10
carry on the Government, and if there is any to
he aophed to such works, to expend it first in'
j finishing thosealready pending where there would
