1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
allusion made by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] and the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Quitman,] to a remark made by
me in the Committee on Military Affairs. I ar-
rived in the committee room after the bill, with
the Senate's amendments, had been disposed of
by the committee. Some gentleman, I believe the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] inquired if
the Administration would be satisfied with the
three volunteer regiments? I remarked that I had
learned, that the President would be satisfied, with
the bill as it came from the Senate, although I
had had no direct communication with him or the
Secretary of War on that point. I presume, how-
over, as the discretionary power is given to the
President to cali out these regiments as the public
necessities of the country may require, he cannot
object to the number being enlarged to five, if
such is the pleasure of this House.
Mr QUITMAN. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana that his amendmentis unneces-
sary; for if the House non-concur in the Senate
amendments, then the bill will stand as it was sent
from this House.
Mr. OTERO. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a
few words oft the point made by the gentleman
from Indiana. He has referred to the Territory
of New Mexico and its condition at the present
time. One regiment is provided for the State of
Texas—the only State which has provision for
its protection; the only State which has an over-
flowing treasury; the only State which has almost
in every hundred miles a military post; which
has military posts all over it. For that Slate, sir,
you provide a regiment by special provision;and
for the Territories, which the Government is
bound to protect, there is no protection provided.
In the Territory of New Mexico we have men
willing and able to protect our people. Instead,
however, of receiving any laigeamountof assist-
ance from the regular Army, we afford assistance
t > it. We furnish transportation and escorts for
the army to Utah. Yet for this Territory not a
single provision is made in this bill. The Nava-
joes and Apaches have been committing gi eat dep-
utations there. The Indian bureau can furnish
conclusive proof of this fact. The troops who
w*re stationed there have been withdrawn for ser-
vice in Utah. Supplies and assistance are fur-
nished to the army for Utah from that Territory,
which is proven by the fact that Captain Marcy
has gone there for those very supplies. I there-
lore hope that the House will agree to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Indiana, for a non-
concurrence in the Senate amendment, and to
bfcure an increase of the volunteer force, m order
that a regiment may be raised in New Mexico.
I had hoped that, under the bill of this House,
New Mexico would have been entitled to raise
one regiment. The men have been enlisted there
for that service; but if the Senate amendment pre-
vails, she will, I am afraid, be left unprovided for.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It is well
enough for the House to know that if the word
6'two'5 be stricken out and "five" inserted, there
will be six regiments voted instead of five; there
will be one for Texas and five beside. I would al-
lay the fear of the Delegate from New Mexico, and
at the same time justify the committee, by stating
that no difficulty can be seen m the way of the
President ordering any one of these regiments of
volunteers which may be raised to the Indian
frontier where there may be trouble.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman must perceive
that the Territory desires to protect itself by rais-
ing men for that purpose who have for years been
trained to the peculiar waifare of the Indian fron-
tier. Owing to the intercourse laws, however,
they are unable to gooutand chastise the Indians
unless they have the consent of the General Gov-
ernment. Their pioperty is carried off before
their faces by these Indians, who ought to be pun-
ished.
I withdraw my amendment, and move a non-
concurrence m the amendment of the Senate,
which will leave five regiments provided for.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to suggest to
the gentleman what he has just done. I confess
that I do not concur with him in a remark lie
threw out in reference to the intercourse law. I
do not think it has anything to do with the ques-
tion: it applies under different circumstances and
to other people.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Speaker, I will say a
word. I concur in the main in what has been
said by the Delegate from New Mexico. If this
war with the Mormons continues, then a greater
increase of force will be demanded. This bill will
clothe the President with power, if the Senate
amendment be non-concurred in, to call into ser-
vice four regiments of volunteers, in addition to
the regiment provided for Texas. If there can be
an amicable adjustment of the difficulty, there
may exist no necessity for calling them out; but,
on the contrary, if the war goes on—and I do not
pretend to an exact knowledge of all of the mili-
tary necessities of the country—I should suppose
a larger increase than live regiments will be re-
quired for its successful prosecution and speedy
termination. It seems to me, that to avoid crip-
pling the Administration, and in order to provide
the means, not only to protect the frontier, but to
secure peace in Utah, it is right that we should
refuse to concur in the Senate's amendment,and
leave the discretion to the President to call into
service the number of regiments proposed m this
bill.
Mr. Chairman, I make this remark without
having had an opportunity to consult the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, who, of course, are
better informed on this subject; and I make it be-
cause I have been a frontiersman on the extreme
frontier for the last twenty years of my life. I
have seen the sufferings of the frontiersmen, and
I know that they have not been overstated. In
my own State we have some two thousand troops.
I learn that they have been ordered away to Utah.
With that force there, even, our citizens have been
murdered and despoiled of theirproperty. During
the last winter, depredations have been committed
upon them;and it is believed that the Indians from
north of Red river have been engaged in stealing
horses and taking them to Utah, to be used there
by the Mormons for their mounted troops.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to ask the gentleman
if these Indians who come down into Texas, do
not pass also through the Territory of New Mex-
ico ?
Mr. REAGAN. They must of necessity pass
through the Territory of New Mexico. I am, of
course, less infoi mod about the condition of New
Mexico than the Delegate from that Territory is;
but I have no doubt that its exposed situation is
such thatit requires the action of the Federal Gov-
ernment in protecting its citizens against the in-
cursions of Indians.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Did the gentleman say that
they had two thousand regular troops now m
Texas?
Mr. REAGAN. There were two thousand up
to the time the orders arrived for them to move
towards Utah. They are now moving. I believe
that most of the troops m Texas have already
received orders to move. That frontier is now
exposed, and the Indians are continually making
inroads on the settlements, muidenng the citizens
and carrying away their property.
Mr. LOVEJOY. To whatextentdocs the order
for removal go ?
Mr. REAGAN. My understanding is that it
extends to the whole force. The President in-
formed me that he should order the troops m
Texas and in Kansas to Utah. Ido not know
that the entire force will he removed; but I im-
agine that nearly the whole of it will be removed.
There is another fact winch ought to address
itself to the attention of gentlemen upon this floor.
Many here speculate upon the protection of the
frontier of the United States, and look to calcula-
tions of dollars and cents. It is to be remembered ,
that immigration, the occupation of the public i
lands, the settling of the Territories of the coun- j
try, is the great instrumentality for reducing the ,
Territories of the United States to civilization and
improvement, and it can only be done by the fos-
tering care and protection of the Federal Govern-
ment.
Any man who has been upon the frontier, and
who has seen the difficulties that surround the
frontier settlements, and their insecurity when
unprotected by the Government, will at once ap-
preciate the necessity of giving them ample pio-
tection. I need scarcely remark that, the fact of a
double line of frontier now being created by the
settlement of the Pacific coast, that the fact that
Utah and New Mexico stand isolated and sui-
rounded by frontier, and the fact that the lines of
travel across the continent are necessary to be pro-
tected, create a necessity for an enlarged military
force to give that protection to the country which
is necessary to secure the advancement of the
frontier settlements of the country, and the de-
velopment of the great undeveloped resources of
the western wilderness.
In view of these facts, and of the fact that we
arc now, perhaps, involved in a war with Utah,
which may requite a largely increased force, I
have deemed it not out of place to suggest that I
would like to see the House refuse to concur in
the amendment of the Senate, and leave the Pres-
ident authority to order out five regiments instead
of three. *
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. QUITMAN. Will that cover all the amend-
ments ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. QUITMAN. I hope the gentleman from
j Louisiana will allow me to offer an amendment,
! in behalf of the Committee on Military Affairs,
] to one of the amendments of the Senate.
1 Mr. DAVIDSON. I withdraw the previous
question for that purpose.
Mr. GlUITMAN. I move to amend the eighth
amendment of the Senate by striking out the
words " surgeons and assistant surgeons." That
will leave the surgeons and assistant surgeons to
be appointed in the States in which the regiments
are raised, instead of being appointed by the Pres-
ident. This is desired by the Secretary of War,
inasmuch as there are not enough surgeons in
the Army for any to be detached for this service.
The Military Committee therefore recommend
that they shall be selected by the States, accord-
ing to the State laws. They propose, however,
to concur in that portion of the Senate's amend-
ment which provides that quartermasters and
commissaries shall be appointed by the President.
I now move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put; being upon
j agieeing to the fourth amendment of the Senate,
j Mr. STEVENSON demanded the yeas and
| nays.
! The yeas and nays were ordered.
' The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, but was
| interrupted by
| Mr. SAVAGE, who said: I d^ire to under-
i stand this question. 1 undeistand that the Com-
■ niittce on Mihtaiy Affairs recommend anon-con-
! currence in (his amendment.
! Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; the committee rec-
I ommend a concurrence.
1 Mr. GlUITMAN. I ask permission of the
j House to make a simple explanation of thechur-
! actei of the recommendation of the Committee
■ on Military .Affairs.
' Mr. HUGHES. I wish to ask the gentleman
i if these aiiiemlmeiils \vcie leferied to that com-
I mittet r
Mr. KELSEY. I object to debate.
Mr. QUITMAN. The action of the Military
Committee has been misunderstood.
! The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. It
is objected to.
I Mr. AVERY. I hope the objection will be
; withdrawn, so that we may understand what the
j recommendation of the committee is.
i Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw the objection.
| Mr. QUITMAN". 1 have but a word of ex-
planation to make.
, Mr. ELLIOTT. I must object, unless the
i House will allow a reply to be made to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi.
Mr. QUITMAN. I beg the gentleman to un-
derstand that he does injustice to the committee.
The committee has been misunderstood here.
Mi. ELLIOTT. 1 withdraw the objection.
Mr. QUITMAN. 1 shall occupy less time than
this discussion has already done. Upon the pub-
heal ion in the newspapers of the amendments
adopted by the Senate, the Committee on Military
Affairs of this House immediately took up those
amendments to ascertain whether 1, as ehmrman,
should report to the House, when the amendments
came up, in favor of concurring or of non-concur-
ring. W  determined to act promptly. We acted
in tne belief and upon information that the Pres-
ident did not desire more than two additional regi-
ments besides the Texas regiment. The commit-
tee preferred the bill which they had reported to
the House, giving the President authority to call
