2500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 29,
be a loss to the Government if they were not car-
ried on, and to leave those which have not been
commenced until Congress chooses to supply the
money by loans, or until the revenues of the coun-
try afFora the means. I know of no object in
that whole class which could better afford to wait
than the custom-house ut Ogdensburg, where
they have now barely thrown the collection of
of revenue above the expenses of collection. It
would have been a marked case I suppose of all
in theJJnited States. If there was a place for
retrenchment, for avoiding the expenditure of
money with a deficient fund, it was in Ogdens-
burg. I say then that the amendment ought
not to prevail. There is no occasion for it in order
to carry out the law. The law will be carried out
if the money comes in within the three years that
an appropriation is allowed to stand,andif it does
not, it is not the public interest to do it at all.
Mr. KING-. The Senator from Georgia puts
this on a ground upon which I resist it, except
in one respect. He seems to regard the Secretary
of the Treasury as having some personal position
in this matter. I spoke of the Secretary of the
Treasury—the officer; whether it is Mr. Guthrie
or Mr. Cobb is a matter of indifference to me.
This is not a personal matter between the incum-
bent of the Treasury Department and this law. It
is a question whether the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, whoever he may be, shall have the right to
dispense with the law. It seems now, from the
reports that are made, that the money was not
paid until the 9th of March last. I made no in-
quiries about the case until very recently, when
1 learned that the site had been purchased and
paid for, and that it was not intended to do any-
thing more. That was the information I had, and
that the conclusion reached in the judgment and
decision of the Secretary of the treasury, was
that the state of the finances was such that the
Treasury Department had determined not to go
on wjth this work. I presented this very point
which I now present .to the Senate—and it is a
matter in which every Senator and every person
in the country has just as much interestas I have
—to ascertain and determine whether this discre-
tion, this dispensing power—for it is that—exists
in the Treasury Department or not.
The Senator from Georgia talks of the want of
money. Well, sir, how much money does the
Secretary of the Treasury or the Administration
want? Thny have all the funds collected from the
revenue; they have all the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands; and I believe tlrny have re-
cently been selling some military leservations,
not at a very great price; 'and they have had
$35,000,000 of loans during the present year. It
is the business of the Secretary of the Treasury,
it is the business of the Departments, to estimate
for what Congress has required them to expend;
and let us have the estimates, that the money may
be furnished, and not come here and tell us that
if we want the laws carried out we must supply
the money. How do they want the money sup-
plied? Do they want a special act to/iaise the
funds upon every appropriation? It is absurd.
A proposition was made the otherday by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] to en-
deavor, by the protection of ihe revenue against
frauds arising from false and foreign valuations,
to bring us a home valuation, and put a little
money into the Treasury; but that was resisted
by these very gentlemen.
Now, the point in relation to which I think
the executive department of the Government is
wrong—and I speak of it in that respect—is this
attempt to set up a discretion on their part to carry
out appropriations that are made by Congress for
one object, and refuse to carry them out in an-
other, on the ground that one is more expedient
or more appropriate to the public interest than
another. I deny that any such discretion exists,
or ought to exist, in the Department. There are
reasons, just reasons, to complain of this partiality
and favoritism; for it loads to that, and it leadsto
corruption of the grossest and basest character.
Here contracts are made without appropriations,
and then the friends of the Administration in Con-
gress insist that appropriations must be made to
meet the expenditures on these contracts, because
the debt has been contracted; and yet in other
cases, where Congress has made an appropria-
tion, the Department refuses to make contracts to
carry it out. Where is the powerofthis Govern-
ment, under such an administration of it? There
is no law or authority to direct and control these
matters, and this should be a Government of law;
and it is as much the business of the President,
of the Secretaries, and of all the high functionaries
and hi^h officials of the Government, to submit to
and execute the law, as it is of the humblest cit-
izen of the country; and any doctrine opposite to
that, which claims for them this arbitrary discre-
tion, is dangerous to the safety, and dangerous to
the administration of the Government every where.
Mr. HUNTER. I must say that I am sur-
prised at the pertinacity with which the Senator
from New York repeats his statement of the case,
after he has been so often corrected as to the real
state of the facts by the Senator from Georgia.
If he disputes those facts, he ought to bring his
evidence. Now, the Secretary of the Treasury
has shown that he has not failed to carry out any
appropriation, except in those instances in which
the conditions of the law were not complied with
before the general break-down in the Treasury.
But, sir, what is the case before us? The Senator
evidently does not understand that-  
Mr. KING. I dislike very much to interrupt
a Senator when he is speaking; but the Senator
from Virginia persists in putting this case differ-
ently from what I do. He speaks of it as if the
Secretary intended to execute the law. The Sen-
ator from Georgia, with more frankness, tells us
thathe does not, unless there is money put into
the Treasury to carry it out; and that is the point
about this matter, if I could hv/e an assurance
that the Secretary intended to execute the law;
indeed, if he had not indicated that he did not in-
tend to execute it, I should not have brought for-
ward this proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator from New
York impute to me a design to misrepresent the
Secretary5
Mr. KING. I do not know what the Senator's
design is; I stated nothing about his design.
Mr. IIUNTKR. What does the Senator mean
by saying that the Senator from Georgia spoke
with more frankness than I did? Does he im-
pute to me a design to conccal anything?
Mr. KING. I speak plainly; I intend what I
say, and I intend nothing else. I impute nothing
of design; but I say that the Senator, m speaking
of this matter, speaks of a scheme which the Sec-
retary designs to execute. My ground is, that
the Secretary does not design to execute this law.
Mr. HUNTER. Well, the Senator has un-
dertaken to make that statement; and I say, if I
can trust the Secretai y, the gentleman is mistaken.
1 learn very differently from the Secretary; I
learn that he would execute the law if there was
money in the Treasury,and I have stated that to
the gentleman; and now he gets up and says I
misstate the Secretary's intentions. How does he
know them ? Has he learned them from him ?
Mr. KING. The Senator asserts that I am in
error, and he goes on and reiterates the same state-
ment. I say the Secretary states that he does not
intend to carry out these laws, because, as he
alleges, of the small amount of money in the
Treasury, and the Senator from Virginia says he
would do it if there was money in the Treasury;
he puts in the condition. If there were ample
funds in the Treasury, money forevery purpose,
and this too, I do not say that the Secretary then
would not carry out this law; but my complaint
is, that he discriminates in this matter, and con-
tracts are made for which appropriations are not
made, and those arc carried out; and that he re-
fuses to make contracts to carry out objects for
which appropriations are made. I hope the Sen-
ator will understand me.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from New York
misunderstands the whole matter. He has not
stated the case as it is really presented to us. I
do not know why; it is not because he has not
been corrected often enough. Idonot know why
it is that he will persist in misstating it in this
manner. What is it that the Secretary asks for?
He asks here for appropriations to authorize him
to expend money on certain works in regard to
which there have been contracts—contracts not
made by himself. There are no appropriations
in order to carry them out, and he asks that ap-
propriations may bo made, in order that he may
carry them out. But, in the cases to which the
Senator from New York refers, there have been
appropriations; he wants no new appropriation;
there is the authority, and how does the Senator
know that he will not use thatauthority? I say
he tells me if he had the money he would use it.
If he has not the money, how can you make him
use it, unless you mean, by passing such an
amendment as the Senator now proposes, to say
that he shall expend the money in the Treasury
on these works, in preference to expending it on
the Army and Navy, and on the most indispens-
able wants of the Government? That is the
whole point. You propose, by this amendment,
to force him to expend it on these custom-houses,
in regard to which he has had no authority to
expend it, until recently, until this break-down
in the Treasury, no matter if every other interest
in the country suffers; because you choose to as-
sume, on the statement of the Senator from New
York, made without authority, (for I will ven-
ture to say the Secretary never told him so, as I
understand very differently from the Secretary,)
that he means these appropriations to lapse, and
doe's not design to spend a dollar upon them.
Now, I say, in regard to that, so far as the future
is concerned, if there be more appropriations than
revenue, the Secretary ought, in exercising a
sound discretion where there is not money enough
for all, to expend it for those objects in legard to
which there exist contracts, and contracts, let me
say here, not made by himself. I learn, on in-
quiry, that the contracts made for New Oileans
and Charleston were made before either he or
Mr. Guthrie came into office—contracts for ma-
terials in these stiuctures which the Govern-
ment was engaged in erecting. It is in order to
carry out these contracts, and to carry out the
contract for the Treasury building, made by Mr.
Guthrie, who was authorized, as he supposed, by
the terms of the existing law directing the build-
ing to be constructed on a certain plan. It is to
carry out these contracts that most of these ap-
propriations are desired.
I know that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Pugh]
seemed to complain that these appropiiations
were a actional in their character—for the Treasury
building here, and for custom-houses in Chailes-
ton and New Orleans. Now, I learn from the
Commissionerof Customs that probably fourout
of every five dollars of these appropriations will
go to the North; for they are for matei lals. They
will go to New Jersey and New York for the iron,
they will go to New England for the granite and
marble which are to be furnished. These are
quarried by New Englauu men, and conveyed by
New England ships; and, so far as there is any
sectional aspect in the matter, I learn that nearly
all the money will go North, and north even of
Pennsylvi nin.
I say, then, that it is unfair, on any evidence
which is before us, upon anything which is be-
fore the Senator from New York, to impute to
the Secretary of the Treasury a design to claim
any dispensing power. lie claims no such thing.
He comes before you and asks for uppropiiattons
to enable him to fulfil! existing contracts, or ap-
piopriations to enable him to make little expend-
itures which are necessary, m some cises, to
cover in and complete buildings nearly finished,
upon which large sums have been expended. Ho
asks for appropriations for that purpose; but he
does not ask for appropriations for anything be-
yond what is already appropriated in regard to
custom-houses where there is no such necessity.
So far as those works are concerned of which the
Senator speaks, there are appropriations; he wants
no further uuthoiity from Congress, but he may
wantmoney; and, if he has not enough money to
executc all the laws, no man can blame him for
preferring to execute those in regard to which
there are existing contracts in preference to those
where there are none. That is the real state of
the ease; and I say that, in view of the condition
of the Treasury, he has estimated for enough on
these buildings. Indeed, I felt some reluctance
in voting as much as he did estimate for; but we
know that the means which have been granted
have been considered, even by gentlemen on the
other side, as not sufficient to meet the expendi-
ture for which we have estimated. Why, then,
should we force him—especially why should those
who refuse to give him means by way of loans,
undertake topiess him to execute such works as
these in preference to measures indispensably re-
quired for the good of the country ? for the effect
would be to make him expend money on these
