1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
out four regiments, but they yielded to the wishes
of the War Department upon the subject, and I
have reported the action of the committee. Since'
then the Committee on Military Affairs have held
no meeting, but f have received information which
convinces me, in my own mind, that the Admin-
istration," upon reflection, would prefer the power
of calling out five regiments. Believing that, under
the circumstances, the Senate will recede from its
amendment, I shall, although I have moved to
concur, vote, as I believe a majority of the Com-
mittee on Military affairs will,'not to concur, but
to leave the bill, in' this respect, as aboriginally
passed the House.
Mr. STANTON. I understood the gentleman
to say that the Secretary of War, in persQn, in-
formed him that he would be satisfied with either
the House or the Senate bill. Is that so ?
Mr. QUITMAN. Yes, sir; on the ground
that dispatch is important. The Administration
would be satisfied with either, but I lake it that
they would prefer the House bill.
The call of the roll was then resumed and com-
pleted, with the following result—yeas 113, nays
102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott,. Andrews, Barksdale, Bennett,
Billinghurst, Blbss, Boycc, Branch, Brayton, Btiftiuton,
Burroughs, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Cobb,
Clark 13. Cochrane, Colfax, Connns, Covode, Origin, Bur-
ton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, English, Farnsworth, Fcn-
ton, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Guldings, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Gregg, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Haskm, llickman,
Hill, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, George W. Jones, Kellogg,
Kelly, Kelscy, Kilgore, Knapp, Jacob M. Runkcl. Leach,
Leiter, .Lovejoy, McQueen, Matteson, Miller, MilKon,
Morgan, Morull, Isaac N. Monis, Freeman II. Morse, Oli-
ver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Paiker,
Pettu, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Iticaud,
Ritchie, Robbins, Robert-*, JRoyce, Henry M. Shaw, John
Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Stallworth, Stan-
ton, William Stewart,Tappan,Thayer, Thompson, Tomp-
kins, Tnppe, Underwood, Wade, Wallmdge, Waldion,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburnc,
Israel Washburn, Wilson, Wood, Augustus R. Wright, and
Zollicoffer—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Boeock, Bonhaiu, Bowie, Bur-
nett, Burns, Caslae, Chapman, Horace F. Clark, John B.
Clark, Clay, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Corning, Cox,
James Craig, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, EdIe,Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Gaitrell, Gillis, Gilmer, Goode, Giecnwood, Groes-
beck, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoard,
Hopkins, Horton, Houston, Jenkins, Jeweu, J. Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones, Kcitt, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Law-
rence, Leidy, •Letcher, McKibbin, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Moore, Ed-
ward Joy Morns, Niblack, I'endleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phil-
lips, Powell, Quitman, Reagau, Reilly, Rutfiu, Russell,
Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Soaring, Seward, Aaron
Shaw, SicRles, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Spinner, Stephens, Stephenson, James A. Stewart,
Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Ward, Wjvtrcn, Wat-
kins, White, Whiteley, Wins-low, Woodson, Wortendykc,
and John V. Wright—102.
So the fourth amendment of the Senate was
concurred in.
Pending the'vote,
. Mr. WORTENDYKE stated that his col-
league, Mr. HuYLER,was detained from the House
by sickness.
Mr. EONHAM. As a member of the Military
Committee, I voted "ay." I understood, how-
ever, the chairman of the committee to say, that
it would be desirable that the Administration
should be at liberty to employ the en lire four regi-
ments. Is that so ?
Mr. MORGAN. I object to debate.
Mr. BONHAM. Then I beg leave to change
my vote, and vote " no."
Mr. AVERY. I voted "ay," thinking that
that was the wish of the committee. I change
my vote now, in accordance with the will of the
committee, and vote " no."
Mr. HALL, of Ohio, asked leave to vote,
stating that he was not within the bar, but in the
lobby, when his name was called.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Is not this
whole room considered within the bar?
The SPEAKER. The Hall is.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Well, I un-
derstand the gentleman to say he was within the
Hall.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. I was outside the first
door.
The SPEAKER. Accordingto the understand-
ing of the Chair, the gentleman is not entitled to
vote.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. Then I ask unanimous
consent to do so.
Mr. KELSEY. I object; as 1 always will under
such circumstances.
After the announcement of the vote,
Mr. HUGHES. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendment was concurred
in.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to lay the motion on
the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Mo<ssr«. Abbott, Andrews, Barksdale, Bennett,
Billingiiurst, Bingham, Bliss, Boyce, Branch, Brayton, But-
finton, Burhngame, Burroughs, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Iloiace F. Claik,Clawson,Clingnian,Cobb,ClaikB.Coch-
rane, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Ctagin, Burton Ctaige,
Crawford, Curry, Curtis, Damrel!, Davis of Indiana, Davis
ofMassachuseus,DavisofIowa,Dawcs,Dean, Dodd, Dow-
dell, Durfee,Edie, English, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Garnett,
Gukhngs, Oilman,Gooch, Grangei,Gicgg, Grow,Robeit B.
Hall, Ilailan, Hickman, Horton, Howard, Jackson, George
W. Jones, Kellogg, Kelscy, Kilgore, Knupp, Leacii, Len^r,
Lovejoy, Matteson, Millson, Morgan, Mouill, Edward Joy
Monis, Freeman ft. Morse, Oliver A. Moisc, Mott, Mm ray,
Nichols, Olm, Palmci, Parker, Petti t, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Purviancc, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Robcits,
Royce, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sher-
man, Shoitcr, Stallworth, Stanton, William Stewart, Tap-
pan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Undciwood, Wade,
Walbridge, WaMron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elhhu B. Washbume, Istael Washburn, Wilson, Wood,
Augustus R. Wright, and Zollicoffer—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avorv,
Bishop, Blair, Bocook, Bonham, Bowie, Bryan, Burnett,
Bums, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, John Cochrane, Cock-
erill, Corning, Cox, James Craig, Davidson, Davis of Mai y-
land, Davis of Mississippi, Dcwart, Dimmiek, Edmundson,
Elliott, Eustis, Florence, Gartrell, Gillis. Gilmer, Goode,
Greenwood, Groesbcck, Lawrence VV. Hall, J. Moriison
Hams, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston. Hughes,
Jewott, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones Kcitt, Jacob M.
Kunkel, Lawrence, Leidy, Letchei, Maclay. MeKibbm,
Humphiey Mai shall, Mason, Maynard,Mile , Miller, Mont-
gomery, Mooio, Isaac N. Moms, Niblack, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Reagan, Reillv,
Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Scwaul,
Aaron Shaw, Sickles, Sinsrleton, Robert Fmith, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Talbot, Geoige Tayloi, Mib's Taylor, Tnppe,
Ward, Watkms, White, Wintciey, Winslow, Woodson,
Wortcndyke, and John V. Wnghi—100.
So the motion-to reconsidcr was laid upon the
tabic.
The fifth, sixth, seventh, and ninth amend-
ments of the Senate were severally concurred in.
The eighth amendment was reported, as fol-
lows:
At the end of the fifth section, add:
Except, the quaitermasters, commissaiies, surgeons, and
assistant surgeons who shall be detailed fiom their respect-
ive departments m the regular Army of the United States. I
Mr. QUITMAN. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affahs recommend concurrence with the
eight amendment, with an amendment, as follows:
Insert, after the word "quartermasters," the
word " and," and strike out the words " surgeons
and assistant surgeons."
The amendment is simply to allow the quarter-
masters and commissaries to be appointed by the
President, and the surgeons and assistant sur-
geons to be selected by the States.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. QUITMAN moved to reconsider the sev-
eral votes by which the amendments were re-
spectively concurred in; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. LETCHER. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the resolution heictofoie adopted, closing
the debate on House hill No. 3i)3 on Friday last, be rescinded;
and that the debate in committee shall be extended to the
rising of the committee ou to-moirow; piovidwd the debate
shall be confined to the provisions of the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to move to post-
pone this debate until the information asked for
in a resolution which I desire to propose shall
have been received.
Mr. LETCHER. That has nothing to do with
this bill. The gentleman can offer his resolution
to-day*, and if objection be made, he can move to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
reception of the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Virginia?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I object. I think
that five miftutes' debate is better than the hour
debate.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection,because there arc gentle-
men on both sides of the House anxious to dis-
cuss this bill; and 1 regard it as important that
they shoiild have an opportunity of doing so, and
that longer than five minutes should be allowed
them.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. My objection is
that, if the hour debate is extended, we will have
three or four gentleman consuming the whole day
in discussingthemeritsofthebillgenerally; whil<\
under the five-minutes rule, debate will be confimd
to the particular point under consideration.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman will have
the five-minutes debate in addition to the othei;
so that it ought to be much more satisfactory.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
. The rules were suspended; and the resolution
was received.
Mr. LETCHER moved the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. STANTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia to limit the debate to twen i v
or thirty minutes, It seems to me that that will
be more generally satisfactory than the hour de-
bates.
Mr. LETCHER. I would have to get the rules
suspended to get at that.
Mr. STANTON. Not at all.
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly I would.
Mr. STANTON. I submit that there is no
difficulty in amending the resolution.
The SPEAKER. TheChairsees no objection
to offering any amendment that is germane to the
resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. Then,as it seems to be the
desire of gentlemen to limit speeches to thirty mtr-
utes, I have no objection to offer that as an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
amendment; but I object to there being a rulo
adopted,for the government of the House, which
violates another rule that, I think, ought not to
be violated. 1 do not object to thirty minutes.
I think it is long enough.
Mr. SEWARD. I understood the previous
question was asked.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has the control of the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. One of the rules
of the House is, that no member shall speak mor;-
i than one hour. If an amendment be adopUvl
! limiting debate to thirty minutes, will that not I
I a change of the rules, and will it not requite
j either a suspension of the rules, or unanimous
consent ?
The SPEAKER. It will require a two-thirds
vote to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not object to
the amendment; but I wish it to come in by unan-
imous consent, so that it shall not be considered
as a precedent hereafter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
a two-thirds vote will make it perfectly compe-
tent and in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The amendment
can be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. Then take the vote on the
resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Ts it in order to suspend the
rules so as to admit the modification ? The House
evidently desire that there should be thirty min-
utes debate.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
demanded.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. If the previous ques-
tion is not seconded, will not the resolution then
be open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will modify his resolution so as to pro-
vide for thirty minutes debate.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to the
amendment being offered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move, then, to add to the
resolution" and that no member shall be permitted
to occupy more than thirty minutes in said de-
bate. 99
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the Chair to
