1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2501
buildings in preference to all other objects, if there
was not enough for all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the coun-
try will, I think, owe a debt of gratitude to the
Senator from New York for exposing this matter.
It is another evidence of the tendency of the ex-
ecutive power to assume authority—a point to
which I have attempted, on several occasions, to
call the attention of the country; and I am very
glad to have the assistance of the Senator from
New York in exposing a part of this assumed
authority. Now, sir, what is the charge ? The
charge is, that the Secretary of the Treasury is
omitting or refusing to apply the money appro-
priated by Congress, and that that Department
of the Government is going on and making con-
tracts without authority of law; and to carry out
those contracts, the Finance Committee recom-
mend appropriations, thus, as I conceive, holding
out a reward for favoritism and partiality on the
partof the Executive. I am not talkingof this par-
ticular Secretary; I care not whether this course
of conduct is pursued by the present Secretary of
the Treasury, or the former Secretary of the Treas-
u! y, or the one who preceded him. I am against
the exercise of unwarranted authority, by fuend
or foe. I care not who is President, or what Ad-
ministration assumes authority contrary to the
Constitution and the laws of the country; 1 will
denounce and condemn it m every one, and in nil
alike.
Now, sir, let us look at the facts of this case.
The act of Congress of {820 declares:
Sec. G Andbeit farther enacted. That no con tract shall
Iiere.utei be made by the tieciotaiy of titateorot the Tteas-
uiyor of the Depauinent of Wur or of iho Naw, except
under a law authoiiznuj the same, oi under an appiopna-
tion adequate to its fulfillment; and except, also, contracts
foi subsidence anil clothmsj of the Aun\ ot Navy, and con-
tacts hv the <)uaitennn^ters depaument, which maybe
made by the Secietane* of tiio.-e Dopaitniont&."
These exceptions relate to supplies for the
Army and Navy, and have nothing to do with
the point now in controvoisy. That is the law.
Now what has the Government done? In 1856,
ail appropiiation was made " Forcompletmg the
custom-house at Norfolk, Virginia, $54,Go's 53."
It was for completing the woilc. Will the Sen-
ator from Virginia tell me that under that law the
Secretary of the Treasury had authority to make
a contract for completing that building which
should cost more than $54,653 5'S' The appro
priation was to complete tile custom-house at Nor-
folk; and the Secretary of the Tieasury had no
authority to make a contract for a larger amount
than was appropriated to its completion. But
what does the Senator from Virginia repot t here?
He brings in an amendment from the Finance
Committee, m which he recommends—
■ • [ 'oi the completion of ttiecu-tom-ljouse at No: tolk, Vir-
gnna. POO,000."
And then he tells us that the Finance Commit-
tee report merely appropriations to carry out ex-
isting contracts; and an attempt is made to draw
a distinction between the obligation to pay money
which the officers of the Government have con-
tracted to pay, and its actual payment. When the
executive department is charged with disburs-
ing money without authority of law, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury tells us, " No, they have not
disbursed a dollar; they have only made the con-
tract by which they have agreed to disburse !" Is
not that a violation of law? They have made a
contract to disbuise $20,000 for the completion
of the Norfolk custom-house according to the au-
thority of the Senator from Virginia, for he says
this appropriation is merely to carry out existing
contracts; but I say there was no authority of law
to make such a contract.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state that I learned this
morning that some of these items are small ap-
propriations^ 1 stated in my remarks justuow,
designed to complete buildings on which a good
deaf has already been expended. The amount
for such cases is small. Many of them, I am told,
have occurred. For instance, here is a case at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, where they con-
tracted with the lowest bidder; but the man broke,
and could not execute the work. What are we
to do? The work is partly completed, and the
Department asks for a sum to complete it. T?he
same is the case in New Haven, Connecticut;
the man broke. In Galena, Illinois, they con-
tracted to build a custom-house according to speci-
fications for a certain sum; but upon digging down
the foundation they found quicksand. That, of
course, increased the amount. That, of course,
was a contingency, an accident, for which pro-
vision will have to be made. It is the same case
with the marine hospital at New Orleans, and the
marine hospital at St. Louis. At St. Louis, they
came to quicksand seventeen feet in depth, which
they did not expect—had not anticipated; yet
they had made a contract for a Certain depth of
foundation, and a certain size; but they found that
they had to drive piles to secure the foundation.
In most of these instances, where there is any
large difference, it occurred in that way. There
are some small appropriations asked for that are
merely to complete buildings that are nearly com-
pleted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then this is a change of
ground. Yesterday the appropriations recom-
mended were to carry out existing contracts.
Yesterday I understood it to be denied that any
. contracts had been made contrary to law. I show
the law where an appropriation was made to com-
plete a particular work, and a further appropria-
tion is asked at this time for this very work; and
now I am answered by being told that a further
sam is necessary; that these are a different class
of cases. 1 have not looked into every one of
these cases.
I Mr. HUNTER. The very large bulk of this
i appropriation is to carry out existing contracts;
i most of the items are for existing contracts.
There are some few instances, to which I have
just referred, in which the estimate is for the com-
pletion of the building. Theic may be no exist-
ing contract for it. 1 believe there is none.
Mr.TRUMBULL. 1 find that the appropria-
tion bill of 1850 contained this clause:
" Foi lilts C0)7>plrtion of III' ill,lime llo-pM.tl ul New Or-
leans, m -sdjilinn to ihe nppnipilauons heu'lntore made by
an aet approved Au-jw-t 4, $'tr>t,tij9 20 "
Now, lieie is proposed to be appropriated by
this amendment of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, for the completion of the same
woik, $85,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I can explain that. I am
informed by the constructor or agent, Colonel
Bowman 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will hear the explana-
tion. I think a good many will be necessary,
i Mr. HUNTER. That occurred in this way;
! when they got down to the depth required by the
contract, they came to water, and if. was neces-
sary to drain and fill in, m order to protect the
building. It was useless to put up the structure
with water undermining it, and that occasioned a
cost not anticipated when the contract was made
for the whole building.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Doubtless some excuse
will be found for all these extraordinary appro-
priations. 1 presume that the officers of the Gov-
ernment will not come out and acknowledge the
truth of the accusation which the Senator from
New York has brought against the administration
of the Executive Departments. I could hardly
expect it. But New Orleans is not the only case.
Norfolk is another. The Senator from Virginia
did not tell us that the appropriation fell short at
Norfolk, and 1 presume if I were to look through
this list I could find many instances such as those
to which I have called attention.
What was the excuse n't up yesterday by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Green] and (he Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr Toombs'J When the
Senator from New York first made this accusa-
tion against the Department, he was answered
by the Senator from Missoun that there was no
money. He was told it was unjust to charge upon
the Department the refusal to carry out the law
i in erecting a building which Congress had di-
j reeled him to eiect, when they did not furnish
him the money with which to do it. The Sena-
: tor from Georgia reiterated the charge. Well,
: sir, what are the facts? The Senator from New
: Yoik turned to the law, and showed that in 1856
. these appropriations were made, and the Secre-
(tary was then required to erect certain buildings.
| We turn to the Secretary's report, and wo find
i by his annual report communicated to us, that at
1 the commencement of the fiscal year, m July,
I 1857, nearly a year after the time when the ap-
| propriations were made, there were lying idle in
I your Treasury something more than seventeen
i million dollars. Looking fui'thi r at the report,
' you find that the icecipu for (he next quarter
were nearly twenty-one million dollars, and the
expenditures $23,000,000, leaving some fifteen
million dollars on hand on the 1st of September
last. Was there no money ? There was so much
money that the Secretary of the Treasury did not
know what to do with it, and was appropriating
it to the purchase of the indebtedness of the Uni-
ted States not yet due, by paying the extrava-
gant premium of some fifteen or seventeen per
cent. This excuse was then abandoned, and it
is said now we have no money. Is that so ? Has
the Treasury of the United States ever been
empty? Are there not millions in it t9*day ? The
truth is, that the Government of the United States
has never been without money, and the Senator
from Virginia is very ready with his loans of
twenty and fifteen millions to supply it in ad-
vance with all the funds it may need.
But, sir, the Government has upon hand, and
has had all the time, money sufficient to have pro-
ceeded with the erection of these public buildings.
Why, then, has it not been done? I suppose it has
not been done for some such reason as this. The
Secretary in his annual report tells us:
" There are other public works of less necessity, which
for a vai icty of causes have not been commenced. A tem-
poraiy postponement of them will violate no existing con-
tracts ; will deprive no one of employment to which he is
authonzed to look; will inflict no wrong upon any porrion
of the people ; but will enable the Government to realize
its means in advance of its expenditure of thfm, and per-
haps avoid the necessity of increasing the public debt."
Here we see foreshadowed the reason why these
works have not been commenced. The money
was diverted by the Secretary of the Treasury to
other works, to carry out contracts which had
been made, and made, if this appropriation now
asked for is to carry out contracts, I reiterate,
without authority of law; for no Senator can
justify an officer of this Government in making a
contract to complete a work which requires more
money than he is authorized to use for its comple-
tion. Will the Senator from Georgia, or the Sen-
ator from Virginia undertake to justify that? If
not, then strike from this appropriation which is
now pending the provisions made for the comple-
tion of works where money has been appropriated
sufficiently for that purpose heretofore.
I do not understand the basis upon which the
Finance Committee have proceeded in recom-
mending these appropriations. The second of
them is:
" Foi rnnnnmn? tlu> work on the custom-house at Charles-
ton, South Caiolina, Q'300,000."
It would be, I have no doubt, interesting to
the country to know what the custom-house at
Charleston is to cost. Has any one any idea what
it is to cost? I do not profess to know, for this
$300,000 is not for finishing it; it is " for contin-
uing" the woik; but I will tell you what 1 can
inform the Senate and the country of: I can tell
them that more than one million seven hundred
thousand dollars have been appropriated to the
construction of a custom-house at Charleston, and
$300,000 is asked " for continuing" the work. If
it were for the completion of the work, we could
see where the thing was to end. I will take that
back, however. We cannot see the cost when
the money is appropriated for the completion of
the work—it is not completed. We have the ex-
ample here before us that when Congress appro-
priates §150,000 to the completion of a particular
work, we are called upon at the next session to
appropriate $80,000 more to complete the same
work; and we are urged to vote for it on the
ground that contracts are entered into.
Now, I agree entirely in what the Senator from
| New York has said, that there is no excuse for
I the Secretary of the Treasury for not having ap-
| plied the money appropriated byCongress, within
' a reasonable tnne, to construct the works which
he was required to build; and 1 reiterate that there
is no excuse for any officer of this Government
making a contract to pay money which an act of
Congress has not given him authority to make,
and that every one of these appropriations con-^
tained in this bill, which money had before been
appropriated to complete, is holding out a lewaiu
and an inducement to the Department to enter
into a contract without authority of law, with
the idea that then Congress will foot the bill.
There are some cases like this: where appropri-
ations wore made for the erection of public build-
ings, and the amount appropriated was found to
be=insuiiicient to complete such a building as the
