1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1477
decide that the rules have been suspended so as to
enable the gentleman from North Carolina to offer
this amendment?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is before the
House for consideration, and the Chair thinks the
amendment is pertinent to the resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to learn if the House
has the right to adopt this resolution, which
changes the rules, withoutsuspending the rules for
that purpose ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not so decided.
Mr. SEWARD. It is clearly a change of the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment is in order; but it will require a two-thirds
vote to adopt it.
Mr. LETCHER. I suppose, of course, this
does not apply to the hour to which I am entitled
to close the debate ?
Mr. REITT. I suppose it embraces all mem-
bers. The gentleman from Virginia is entitled,
under the rules, to an hour to make the closing
speech; but if this resolution supersedes the rules,
the gentleman will not be entitled to the whole
hour.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will only op-
erate upon the general debate.
Mr. LETCHER. I accept the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to the amendment,
as I understand it will rescind the former order of
the House. I make that point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table. If the rules of the House can be
overridden 
The SPEAKER.. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I move to lay the
resolution on the table. That is in order.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House ad-
journ. [Laughter.]
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be put.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution as modified.
Mr. SEWARD. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does it require a
two-thirds vole ? •
The SPEAKER. The resolution proposes a
change of the rules, and it will require a two-
thirds vote to adopt it.
Mr. SEWARD, f withdraw the call for the
veas and nays, because I do not think that I can
carry it.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUPPLIES FOR THE ARMY.
Mr. LOVEJOY offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be i equated to fur-
nish tins House, with the least possible delay, a lull and
minute statement of all contracts made m connection with
the Utah expedition, the names of the persons with whom
such contracts were made, and also the prices paid, or to be
paid, for horses, mules,corn, and all other articles furnished
toi said expedition; the places where the hoises, mules,&c.,
are to be delivered, and the prices to be paid foi tiansporta-
lion of all Mich supplies also designating what contiaets,
if any, were made without public notice or adveitisement,
and if adveitised,m what mode, and at what places.
Mr. BURNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is it in order to move the
postponement of the further consideration of the
deficiency bill until we obtain this information?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not on the
floor to make the motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I move to reconsider
the \<>te by which the resolution was adopted;
and also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of suspending the
printing of any books which may have been ordered by any
previous Congress; and if the priming of any of said books
has been commenced, that they inquire how far the work
has progressed, and whether it is proper to discontinue their
publication, and pay for the work which may have been
done ; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose I have indicated.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
POLICE LAW FOR WASHINGTON.
Mr. GOODE. Mr. Speaker, a resolution was
adopted by this House instructing- the Committee
for the District of Columbia to inquire into the
condition of the police of this city, with a view to
ascertain its ability to protect the persons and
property of citizens, and the committee at the
same time were empowered to report at any time.
The committee has discharged that duty. It has
had the subject under consideration, and has
arrived at the conclusion that the present police
is utterly inadequate. It has agreed upon a report
unanimously, and have instructed me to report to
the House a bill to establish an auxiliary guard
for the protection of public and private property
in the District of Columbia, and repealing all acts
heretofore passed in relation to that subject.
Mr. Speaker, on the bill itself I have a very few
words to say. While the general provisions of the
bill command my approbation, I doubt whether
the salaries fixed for the men of the police force
are enough. I would be willing to pay them a
higher salary. The bill contains appropriation
necessary to carry its provisions into effect, and
underthe rules, the Speaker may deem it his duty
to send the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, there to receive its first
consideration. As its importance and urgency
demand immediate action, I move that the rules
be suspended, so that it may receive immediate
action m the House.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
is as follows:
A bill to establish an auxiliary guaid for the protection of
public and private property in the city of Washington, and
repealing all acts heietolore passed m relation to that sub-
ject.
lie it enactcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Sta'tci of Amei ica in Con assembled, Tnat
there be established an auxiliary guard or watch for the pro-
tection ot public and puvate piopcrty, and for the enlbice-
ment of the police legulations of the eitv of Washington, to
convist ot a chief, at an annual saiaty of ; one cap-
tain, at an annual salary of;51,200 : lom lieutenant'*,at an
annual salrny of $8110 each ; and one hundred men. at an
annual ^alaiy of %i>Q0 each ; to be paid mom lily. The chief
ot the auxihaiy guard shall be appointed by tne Piesidcnt,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; and the
captain, lieutenants, and men, shall be appointed by the
chief, with the appfova! of the Secietaiv of the Inteuor,
and may be dismissed by the chief at his pleasure, or upon
the older of the said rtecrctaiy.
Sec..2. Jlnd he itf rtlicr cna^toil, That the guard hereby
established shall be divided by the duel into squads of con-
venient size ; and the said chief is also authorized and em-
powered to establish guard-houses at such points in the city
of Washington as he may designate, subject, however, to
the approval of the Seciefary of the fntenor.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be U jurther enactcd, That the Mayor of
Washington, the distuct attorney for the Distiict of Colum-
bia, the marshal ot the said District, and the eluef of the
auxiliary guaid ate hen by authouzed and lequued to
make and establish iule^ and iemulations for the govern-
ment of said guard, and to pie-cube such aims for the use
of the guard as they maydeem nocessaiy, subject to the
approval ot the Sccretaiy ot the Inteuor.
Sec. 4. dnd bait further enacted, That the sum of five
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
annually as a contingent fund, to he expended under the
direction of the Seeietary ot the fnteiior, to cairy out the
purposes of this act in the suppression of crime aud detec-
tion of ciiimnais in the city of Washington.
fc>EC. vitul be it Jurthcr cnaited. That whenever in the
judgment of the President of the lrruted Stales the same
may be required, he be, and is hereby, authonzed to order
such tempoiary increase ot tin* guard as m Ins opinion may
be expedient, not to cm ecd two humh<: 1 men. who shall
be paid at the rate of two dollars pei day while m service,
and he dismissed so soon as, in the opinion ot the President,
their scivicea may no long'1! be required,
Sec. 6. And beitfurther macted3 That each member of
the guard shall be required to wear a uniform dress at ati
hours when on duty, and on his hat, or cap, or ^reast, such
number as may be assigned him. The captains and lieu-
tenants, at all times, day and night, shall wear aa oljietal
badge, and said uniforms, badges, and numbers hereby in-
quired to be worn, shall also be prescribed by the chief, and
shall be made public in the newspapers in Washington for
one month after first prescribed, and shall not thereafter-be
changed.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts heretofore passed, authorizing or relating to the em-
ployment of an auxiliary watch or guard, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed; this section to take effect so soon as
the chief shall report to the Secretary of the Interior that
he has thirty men enrolled and ready for duly.
Sec. 8. Jlnd, be it further enacted, That the sum ofmoney
necessary t<*carry this act into effect, not to exceed $100,000,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GOODE. I hope that it will not be ne-
cessary to discuss the provisions of this bill. The
circumstances of the" times, the daily occurrence
of murders and robberies in this city, imperiously
demand that Congress shall take immediate and
efficient action.
Mr. STANTON. What is the question before
the House ?
Mr. GOODE. I shall move the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. As the bill contains an ap-
propriation, it will be necessary that it shall be
considered m the Committee of the Whole ontho
state of the Union, unless the rule upon that sub-
ject be suspended.
Mr, KELiSEY. I hope the bill will be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, because I desire to offer an amend-
ment providing that the police force shall be ap-
pointed by commissioners to be elected by tne
freeholders of this District. I want to disconnect
it entirely from politics.
Mr. BURNETT. I call the gentleman to Or-
der. He lias no right to discuss the proposition.
Mr. KELSEY. I merely wished to say, that
I hope the bill will go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in order that I
may offer an amendment when it comes up.
Mr. GOODE. Of course, T shall be willing to
allow time for any reasonable explanation and
discussion; but I am not willing to discuss the
propriety of the election of this force by the free-
holders of the city of Washington.
Mr. STANTON. I want to know if there is
adebatable question pending?
Mr. GOODE. Well, allow me to make a mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
consideration of this'bill in the House?
Mr. MA 11SHALL, of Kentucky, Mr. STAN-
TON, and Mr. KELSEY objected.
Mr. GOODE. I move that the rule requiring
a bill containing an appropriation to be considered
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be suspended.
Mr. STANTON. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
[Cries of " Oh, no," and " let us try it-with-
out."]
Mr. STANTON. Well, I withdraw the call.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I renew it. Let
us have the yeas and nays.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Yes; I want
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
J16% nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adram, Ah!, Anderson, Atkm«, Avery,
Barksdaie, Bliss, Bocock, Bonb'am, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Chapman, John B. Clark, Chng-
man, Cobb, Claik B. Coclnane, John Cochiane, Coming,
Cox, James Crai*;. Burton Craigo, Currv3 Davidson, Davis
of Mississippi, Dean, Dewart, Dimmick, Dodd, Dowdell,
Edmundson, Elliott, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Garnett,
Gai trcll,Gilh>, Goode, Greenwood, Gress, Grow, Lawrence
W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hopkins, Houston,
Hughe4!, Jackson. Jewctt. George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones Iveitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, John
C. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher,
Maelay, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynard, Miles,
Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Moore, Nihlack, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, X>owcll, Purviance, Ready, Rea-
gan, llciilv, Uutiin, Russell, Savagp, Scales, Scott. Searing,
Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Stallworth, Stephens, Stevenson,
James A Stewait, Talbot. Tappan, George Taylor, Miles
Taylor, Underwood, Ward. VVarieti, Watkins. White,
Wlnteley, Winslow. Woodson. Woitendyke, John "V.
Wrialu, and Zollicofter—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, BiHinghurst,
Bingham, Bravton, Butiinton, Burlmgame, Burroughs
Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Rzra Clark, dawson, Colfax,
Comuis, C'ovode, Crawford, Curtis, DamreH, Davis ot Ma-
