1858.
the congressional globe.
mm
Dickjns, their Secretary, notifying: the House
that the Senate had passed bills of-the following
titles; in which he was requested to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act(S. No. 35) for the relief of Michael Kin-
ney, late a private in company I, eighth regiment,
United States Army; and
An act (S. No. Gl) for the relief of Frederick
A\ Beelen.
The question recurred upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, on ■which tellers
had been ordered oil Frufay.
Messrs. Bryan and Loyejoy were appointed
tellers.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 81, noes 65.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and,
under the operation thereof, the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committer of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Winslow in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 3, making appropriations for the payment
of in valid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending 30th June, 1859.
DOMESTIC SLAVERY* IN THE SOUTH.
Mr. GARTRELL. Mr. Chairman, a few days
ago I desired to obtain the floor for the purpose
of presenting some views on the grave and im-
portant questions growing out of the illegal arrest
of General William Walker and his men, on the
soil of Nicat^gua. But the debate on that question
having been temporarily suspended, and the mat-
ter having passed to the appropriate committee
for investigation and report, I proceed to the con-
sideration of a subject of graver importance to my
immediate constituents, and fraught with more
serious considerations to the nation at large. I
allude to the subject of domestic slavery at the
South, and the necessity for its expansion and its
perpetuation in this country.
I am prompted thus early to this course by the
extraordinary speech pronounced on this floor a
few days ago by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Blair.1 The ostensible and avowed object
of that speech was the necessity and propriety of
acquiring territory in Central America, wherein
to colonize the free people of color now residing
in the United States, and such as may hereafter
become free; and there to maintain them m the
enjoyment of their freedom as a dependency of
this Government.
In announcing this novel and impracticable pol-
icy, the gentleman took occasion, very gratui-
tously, to denounce the institution of slavery as
"a cancer on the face which, unless removed,
would eat into the vitals of the body-politic/'
This fanatical idea, stereotyped and repeated
by a certain class of politicians in this country,
from the time of John Randolph to this hour, was
as false at its inception as it is erroneous in its
conclusion. I deny it emphatically; and I am
here to-day, in the presence of this Congress, to
maintain the reverse of the proposition. I hold
that the institution of domestic slavery in the
South is right, both in principle and practice;
that it has ever been, and still is, a blessing to the
African race; that it has developed the resources
of this great country to an untold extent; and that,
by its conservative influences, it has elevated us j
in the scale of morality, wealth, enterprise, and
intelligence, to a point never attained by any other
people.
As a southern man, proud of the place of my
nativity; as the owner of slaves; as conscientious
of my moral obligations, I trust, as any gentle-
man on this floor,! hesitate not,here or elsewhere,
to defend this institution as being strictly m ac-
cordance with the principles of right, of Chris-
tian duties, and of morality, and as having the
highest sanction of laws, both human and divine.
I rejoice that the public mind at the South is being
awakened to this view of the question. The time
for apologies by the South is past. I am here to-
day (and the southern people who have this in-
stitution in their midst are to-day prepared to do
the same) to stand up before the nations of the
world and defiantly defend and justify domestic
slavery in its greatest length, extent, and breadth.
Sir, the false propheciesof Randolph and others,
alluded to by the gentleman, of the evil conse-
quences of this institution on the moral and polit-
ical interests of the southern people, are fast being
obliterated by those unerring teachers, time and
experience. Othernations, too, are beginning to
sec and to acknowledge the enor of their mis-
guided philanthropy, and to bow in acknowledg-
ment of not only the justice, but the wisdom of
domestic slavery in tins country. Franco and
England arc beginning to see the error of their
misguided philanthropy, and you find them to-
day ready to embark in a system of slavery, more
barbarous and oppressive than this woild has
ever seen.
But, Mr. Chairman, I beg the indulgence of the
committee while I very briefly discuss the moral
aspectof this institution. I intend to do so calmly,
dispassionately, deliberately. I intend to make
no charges against those who array all their in-
fluence and power against this institution that are
not sustained by facts and by records. I am here
to-day as a southern man; and 1 proclaim now,
that this institution is not only sanctioned by the
Constitution of your country, under which we all
appear here to-dav, but is sanctioned by records
of the highest character. That that institution has
existed from the eaiiiest periods of history, no
man of ordinary intelligence will deny. We learn
from tlie I loly Scrijituies that Abraham, and many
other wise and good men of that day, not only
held slaves, but exercised acts of complete owner-
ship over them: and that God himself, after he had
rescued the children of Israel from the house of
bondage, sanctioned and recognized siaVery, both
in piinciple and in practice, in defining the rules
for their governmentand their moral observance,
it was prescribed that—
(< Thou blialt not oovot thy neighbor's man-servant, nor
Ins maul-seivuiit, tiur anything that is thy neighbors.''
Thus, sir, not only sanctioning slavery, but pro-
viding for its protection for all time to come. I
beg leave most respectfully to commend this com-
mandment to the attention of the gentlemen who
sit on the other side of this Hall; and, sir, I trust
they will cease to covet, our men-servants, and our
maid-servants too; and if they do covet them, that
at least they will not attempt to depnveus of them
by means m violation of the Constitution of our
common country.
Besides, this institution is not only recognized
by divine authority, but it is perpetuated, i ask
the attention of the House to that portion of Holy
Writ. I read, sir, from the Bible; from the Book
of books. 1 commend it to the perusal of gentle-
men. I have no doubt they arc in the habit of
reading it: but, upon this question, they seem
rather hard of belief. 1 find in the 25th chapter
of Leviticus, a passage which reads as follows:
t( -14. Both thy bondmen and thy bondmaid-*, winch thou
shalt have,--hall bo ot tlie heafhe.i that die louml about>ou;
of them shalt je buy bondmen and bomltn-ud-.
"■13. Moreover,ol rhe children of the ,-nan:r"r& that do
solum   among you, of them >hail l>uv,aud of then lam-
jlius that are with >ou, which they begat in your land; and
they shall be your possesion :
u 46. And ye snail take them a> an inheritance,for your
children after you, to xnlu-ut them for a possession ; they
shall be your bondmen forever.1'
African slaves having been taken from among
the heathen, by our ancestors in England and by
our forefathers in the North, we, as their descend-
ants, claim them as an inheritance to us and to
our children, " to inherit them as a possession,5'
and they shall be our bondmen and bondwomen
forever.
Sir, time will not allow me to trace or pursue
this branch of the subject further. I desire to read
a short extract, which so fully and so truthfully
expresses my own sentiments upon this branch
of the subject, that I desire to call the attention
of the House to it. it is from a speech delivered
a few years ago by the distinguished gentleman
from Virginia, upon my right, [Mr. Smith.] I
desire to read this extract, and have it xncorpo- i
rated into my speech. That distinguished gen-
tleman, upon that occasion, remarked as' fol-
lows:
Ci I believe that the institution of slavery is anoble one;
that it is necessary for the good, the well-being of the negro,
i ace. Looking to history, I go further, andl say^ifi the
presence of this assembly, ana under all the raiposing cir-
cumstances surrounding me, that I believe it is God's insti-
tution. Yes, sir, if there is anything in. the action of. the
gieat Author of us all j if there is anything in the conduce
of His chosen people;* if there is anythingin the conduct
of Christ himself, who came upon this earth, and yielded un
His life as a sacrifice, thatall through His death might live;
if there is anything in the conduct of His Apostles,;wito.ii(s
culcated obedience on the.part of slaves towards their ma§r
ters as a Christian duty, then we must believe that the £%•
stitution is from God."—Hon. William Smith, of Virginia,
in a spcech in the House of Representatives.
Every sentiment expressed in that eloquent ex-
tract meets my hearty approbation. As a- Chris-
tian man, believing in the teachings of Holy Writ,
I am here to-day before a Christian nation to re-
affirm and reannounce the conclusion to which-
that distinguished gentleman came—that this in-
stitution, however much it may have been reviled',
is of God.
I desire now to notice another error into which'
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blaik] has
fallen. -He told you and the country that " un-
happily for the slave States, many of their enter*
prising young men leave their native land for those
States where individual ability and exertional
sufficient to confer wealth and eminence;"
Mr. Chairman, this is a fhncy sketch—the off-
spring of a heated imagination* Why, sir, tot
me give you the facts as they exist; and I may say
to that gentleman that he knows but little of the
enterprise, the industry, and the resources of the
southern country, and but little of the enterprise
of our young men, if he supposes for a moment
that they are compelled " to fly to other lands"
to obtain wealth and eminence. Sir, the opposite
is true. It is admitted that the northern States
annually send out hundreds of their young men
to the southern States in search of that employ-
ment which is denied them at home, and there to
reccive a living and support, and acquire wealth
and eminence, too, in the midst of what gentlemen
on the other side of the House call the monopo-
lizing influence of .the slave power.
Proceedings upon this floor afford evidence of
what I say. A few days ago, the facetious gen-
tleman from_ Massachusetts [Mr. Thayer] de-
clared that we must and would Americanize Cen-
tral A merica; that it was necessary to supply the
means of subsistence for the superabundant popu-
lation of the North. The gentleman told us, in a
manner that really excited my sympathies, that
the Yankees (I believe he termed them) were in
a tight place, and must have the lands of Central
America to emigrate to. Well, sir, I am witling
that our Yankee friends shall go there. I presume
they will go there; but I hope they will have a
little better success than they had a few years
ago, in their efforts to redeem the barren pine
fields and sedge patches of Virginia. I say I
think it is very likely that our Yankee friends
will go there, and, when there, follow the example
of those who have heretofore gone South—be-
come the owners of slaves, aid in developing the
resources of the country, and show the world that
tlje institution of domestic slavery is a blessing
not only to the master, but to the slave.
But let me say to the gentleman from Missouri,
in all kindness, that if ho expects to plantacolony
of blacks upon our southern borders, he has very
much mistaken the spirit of the age. Itisamon-
strous proposition, to which the South would
never submit. Your efforts at colonizing the Af-
rican race must always, as heretofore, proveabor-
tive, because based upon a wrong principle; you
can no more enslave the Anglo-Saxon race on
this continent, than you can make freemen of'the
Africans. You would not dare to attempt the
one, nor can you effect the other. Slavery has
been written on the brow of the African. The
Ethiopian cannot change his-skin, nor the leopard
his spots; neither can the wisdom of Solon or
Lycurgus invent a system of laws by which to
elevate the African to political equality and the
enjoyment of political sovereignty. Sir, my ex-
perience teaches me, confirmed by daily observa-
tions, that they are incapable of self-government,
and must ever be. You cannot make freemen out
of them. They are idle, dissolute, improvident,
lazy, unthrifty, who think not of to-morrow, who
provide but scantily for to-day. These seem to
