\
1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
35th Cong....1st Sess. Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
the time; and that was my view about the length
of this loan.
Now, Mr. President, I think the Senator from
Virginia, and the Secretary of the Treasury, and,
to some extent, I believe the whole country, labor
under an error as to the extent of the changes
made last year in the rates of duty by the tariff
of 1857. I am perfectly clear that it could not be
possible, in the Senate, for anybody, at that time,
to make any correct estimate in regard to its effect.
It was brought in, and hurried through, as I un-
derstood, in one night. Here I will call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Virginia to the fact of
what were the rates of duty under the tariff of
1846. The rates of duty are fixed in the law, and
do not alter, although the amount of revenue de-
rived from imports may vary, on account of diver-
sity in the character of the imports. In one year
there may be more free goods than another, a
great many more goods coming under the sched-
ules that bear a less rate of duty than the average;
and, from a variety of such causes, the average
rates of duty actually collected upon the goods
imported will vary; but the rates of duty do not
vary. If the Senator from Virginia will take his
pencil, and put down and add up the rates of duty
upon each of the schedules, by the act of 1846, in
the old-fashioned way we used to do such sums
when we were boys, he will find w*hat were the
average rates under that tariff; and I will tell him
what the rates were. Schedule A was one hun-
dred per cent.; the next was forty; the next thir-
ty; the next twenty-five; the next twenty; the
next fifteen; the next ten; and the lowest five.
There are eight different rates of duty, and their
aggregate amount is two hundred and forty-five.
If we divide the aggregate by the number of rates,
according to the old-fashioned way, we shall get
the average. When you divide two hundred and
forty-five by eight, you will get thirty and five
eighths per cent, as the average rate of duty im-
posed by the tariff of 1846 on the dutiable goods;
and, if there was an equal amount imported under
each schedule, there would be thirty and five
eighths per cent, collected on the entire importa-
tion on dutiable goods.
There is another schedule that is free, and if
you want to have the average on the dutiable and
free goods, you must divide two hundred and
forty-five by nine, and that will give you twenty-
seven and two ninths per cent, as the average rate
of duty on all imports, dutiable and free. I hoard
the Senator from Virginia say yesterday that it
was twenty-five per cent., and so said the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and when I come to that
point I shall explain the reason why it was twen-
ty-five per cent, on the actual importations, but I
wish now to make a contrast between these rates
and those imposed by the tariff act of 1857. The
Secretary of the Treasury says that the act of 1857
reduces the rates of 1846 one fourth, and on that
calculation all his estimates are based, and so, 1
suppose, are the estimates of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. Letthe Senator, by the same old-fashtoned
rule of arithmetic, see what the rates of 1857 aver-
age. In the first place we have a rate of thirty per
cent., another of twenty-four, another of nineteen,
another of fifteen, another of twelve, another of
eight, and another of four. The aggregate of
them is one hundred and twelve, and there are
seven rates. If you divide one hundred and twelve
by seven you have sixteen per cent, as the aver-
age rate of duty. That is a reduction of nearly
one half on the rates of 1846. That, however, is
not a fair way to make the comparison. In or-
der to make the comparison a fair one you must
put two thirty per cent, schedules m the figures,
because there are now two thirty per cent, sched-
ules. That will make the aggregate one hundred
and forty-two, to be divided by eight rates of
duty, and that will give you seventeen and three
fourths per cent, as the average rate on the dutia-
ble goods. The comparison, then, between the
present rates of duty on the dutiable goods and
the rates on the same by the act of 1846, is as
seventeen and three fourths to thirty and five
eighths. If in the same way as before you putin
the free list, and make your schedules nine, you
will have to divide one hundred and forty-two by
nine, and that will give you fifteen and seven
ninths per cent, as the average on the entire im-
portations, dutiable and free. The comparison,
therefore, is fifteen and seven ninths under the
present bill as against twenty-seven and two
ninths under the old bill. If anybody can say
that that is only a reduction of one fourth, I do
not know how to cipher, and let me say they do
not know either.
I know very well that there may be circum-
stances affecting the importations of the different
classes of goods, and I agree most cordially with
the Secretary of the Treasury, that owing to the
revulsion in trade, the operations of the tariff in
the present year have been of an exceptional char-
acter, and cannot give ground for a just estimate
as to whether the proportion of goods in the dif-
ferent schedules will continue as they have gen-
erally ranged for the last ten years. I have no
doubt, however, that our experience for ten years,
under the tariff of 1846, may be considered a just
and fair criterion as to the amount of importa-
tion under the different schedules for the next
ten years; and I suppose the Senator from Virgi-
nia can see no reason why it should not be so. 1
suppose nobody can give me any reason why we
should not continue to importabout the same pro-
portion of goods, classed in the different sched-
ules, for the ten years to come, that we have in
the ten years past. I have had prepared a state-
ment embracing the imports for ten years under
the tariff of 1846, with a view of showing what
had been our experience as to the proportion the
schedules bear to each other; and as I looked it
over this morning I discovered that either the
Senator from Virginia, or the one who made out
my tables, had made some mistake as to the
amount of goods that were warehoused last year.
He asserted that there was an accumulation of
§20,000,000 worth of goods in warehouse during
the year 1857.
Mr. HUNTER. I said that on the 1st day of
July, 1857, there were twenty millions of goods
m warehouse more than m July, 1856. There
were about forty-two millions m warehouse on
the 1st of July, 1857, and twenty-one millions, 1
think, on the 1st of July, 1856.
Mr. SIMMONS. I cannot conceive how the
man who made out my tables could make such a
difference as to the goods in warehouse.
Mr HUNTER. 1 can refer the Senator to the
page in tfxe annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, where he will find it.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is of no consequence to
me. I find that from the 1st of July, 1856, to
the 1st of July, 1857, the goods "consumed and
on hand"—and I am not aware of any goods on
hand, known to the Government, except goods
in warehouse of that year's imponation—weie
#336,914,000, and the goods entered lor consump-
tion were 1^333,511,000, showing a difference be-
tween the goods imported and those represented
in the tables, as entered for consumption, and
those as consumed and on hand, of loss than three
and a half million dollars. I discover that for
eleven years, the difference between the goods con-
sumed, and those on hand, of the goods entered
for consumption—and the difference must, of
course, be the goods m warehouse—has been
about twenty-two millions on the average. In
1846, embracing five months covered by the op-
eration of the tai iff of 1842, and seven months of
the lauff of 1846, the amount of goods import-
ed, and classed as consumed and on hand, was
$138,000,000, and the goods entered for consump-
tion, $116,000,000, leaving ^22,000,000 m waie-
house that first year, and it has averaged about
as much ever since. They were put m warehouse
to wait for the reduction of duties, to take place
under the tariff of 1846, no doubt.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. That was the first year
the warehouse system was established.
Mr. SIMMONo. It was established with a
view to let importers keep their goods until we
could reduce the duties low. I have indicated to
the Senator from Virginia what rates per cent
were imposed by these two laws, and I will now
state what were actually collected on the goods by
the tariff of 1846. In the first year of Us operation,
which embraced five months of the tariff of 1842,
and seven of the tariff of 1846, the lates of duty
averaged, on the whole importation, 20.42-per
cent., and in 1848, they were 22.57 per cent., and
in 1849, 21.38. The actual rates continued the
same all the time, averaging 27.2-0 per ccnt. on
dutiable and free goods. Jn 1851, the average,
taking the total amount of duties, and the total
amount of imports entered for consumption, was
24.18, and in 1854, 24.45. The averages contin-
ued to rise for the first five years, and from that
time to the end of the tariff they continued to de-
crease. In 1852, they were 24.26 per cent.; in
1853,23.47; in 1854, 23.27; in 1855, 22.89; in
1856, 22.55; and in 1857,19.15. Last year, upon
the whole importations entered for consumption
of goods, dutiable and free, we actually collected
but 19.15 per cent., with an average rate of 27.2-9
per cent. I shall not give my opinion about how
this state of things happens, showing a steady de-
cline in rates for six years, but I will state what
the late Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Guthrie,
said about it. I think that this result has been
produced by fraudulently placing goods in sched-
ules paying low rates; but he is a little milder in
his language than I am. He accounts for it in
this way:
"In carrying: mto effect the tariff of 1846, considerable
difficulty has been encountered under the eight schedules of
Mint act, imposing different rates of duties on the merchan-
dise embraced m each. The difficulties, instead of dimin-
Btitnrr, as the adjustment of the questions arising at the
Treasury, and in the courts takes place, seem to increase,
owing to the ingenuity of foreign manufacturers and mer-
chants m mingling materials, and modifying fabrics, and
giving them new names, until it is not possible to have uni-
form action in levying duties at different ports, &c.
" fn remodeling {be tauff act of 1846,1 think it would be
proper to retain schedule A of that act, aud constitute another
schedule to include iron, manufactures of iron, steel, &c.,
and .ill fabrics of silk, wool, cotton, flax', or hemp, &c., and
to impose a duty on the same of twenty-five or thirty per
cent." * * * * " and torrcoiihtructtlie fiee
h-it so as to include all raw materials u^ed in our manufac-
tures, and to impose on all anicles not in the above sched-
ules, or in the free list, a duty of not le^s than fifteen nor
more than twenty per cent.5'—Mr. Guthrie,Financial Re-
port, December, 1855, p?ige 12.
I think thatis apretty sensible way ofaccount-
ing for the duties, runningdown from twenty-four
and a half to nineteen per cent., and apretty sen-
sible remedy; he recommends that all articles,
when duties are designed to encourage our labor,
be put into one schedule, except liquors, and to
put twenty-five or thirty per cent, on them, and
then put fifteen per cent, on the articles not enu-
merated and make free all articles used as materi-
als for manufactures. Now, 1 should like any
man here to tell me whether he deliberately be-
lieves that, with an average rate of duty of six-
teen per cent., under the present tariff, upon all
the goods dutiable and free, we can expect to
get any such revenue as $64,000,000 per annum,
within the next five or six years, according to the
estimate of the Senator from Virginia? or of
$60,500,000 for next year, according to the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury? It would
require an importation of $400,000,000 of foreign
goods anuually to get that much revenue, if you
collected the whole of the average rate of duty,
and were not defrauded. I ask the Senator from
Virginia if, practically, the revenue actually col-
lected is not likely to fall just as much short of
sixteen per cent., under the present tariff, as it
has, under the tariff of 1846, practically fallen
short of twenty-seven per cent.? Will there not
be the same ingenuity m putting articles m the
low schedules as has existed for the last ten years?
I would ask him further, if he does not know that
the aveiage rate of duty, to be collected upon the
whole imports, will depend very materially upon
the amount imported in the free list? The greater
their lelative proportion to the .aggregateamount
of importations, the less is the rate of duty actu-
ally collected, and the free list was largely aug-
mented at the last session of Congress. I see, by
the tables I have, that the imports of free goods
during the first three quarters of the present year,
excluding specie, are about $45,000,00!), at the
rate of $60,000,000 a year. If $60,000,000 be our
ordinary importation of free goods, it is nearly
double the average of the last ten years. 1 have
no idea myself, nor do I believe there is the least
ground for any expectation, that we shall be able
to import and pay for as much merchandise as we
did last year, at any time within the next five
years. We know very well it is a matter of dem-
onstration that the importations returned have
not come within hail of representing the real
amount of importations we make by any fair es-
timate I ever knew made at the Treasury. Ac-
cording to the Treasury returns, the exports of
