1480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
I':
' Mr. STUART. I desire the Chair to settle the
question of order; for, if I am in brder, I wish to
proceed.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Michigan to raise
a Privileged question.
Mr. STUAJIT. To insist that the order of the
Senate be executed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chkir re-
gards the Senator fiom Michigan as strictly in
order.
Mr, STUART/ Now, sir, I will complete my
statement. The results I have pointed out would
inevitably follow if any Senator had bright to
retain a measure here for two legislative days after
it was passed upon. I said that he had no such
right; that his right was simply to move to recon-
sider; and that the Senate having ordered the com-
munication to be sent to the House of Represent-
atives, that order must be executed, unless there
be some rule to prevent it. If there is any rule
which authorizes the Presiding Officer of the Sen-
ate, or the Secretary of the Senate, or any other
officer, to retain a measure here which has been
acted upon by the Senate, then the rule can be
produced.
Mr. SEWARD. "Will the Senator allow me to
make a suscgestion to him ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not exactly understand
the honorable Senator's statement. He stated
that this bill was retained here on the motion of
the Senator from Louisiana. Does he mean to
say that the Senator from Louisiana made a mo-
tion in the Senate ?
Mr. STUART. No, sir; not at all.
Mr. SLIDELL. If theSenaior from New York
will permit me, I will state exactly what I have
done in this matter, and the reasons upon which
I have based my notion. For reasons satisfactory
to myself I choose, if I have the privilege of oxer-;
cjsing it, to retain this bill here to-day. I con- !
ceive that I have the right to do so under the ex-
ress provisions of the rules of the Senate. On
"riday last 
Mr. STUART. I shall have to yield the floor,
I suppose.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am willing that the gentle-
man shall proceed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thought the Senator from Michigan had yielded
the floor.
Mr. SLIDELL. I thought it would facilitate
matters, if I stated how the case stood. I have
certainly no disposition to interfere with the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. Go on, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. No, sir. I will hold the floor
by the indulgence of no one. If you have any-
thing to say, I will wait and respond.
Mr. S TUART. Well, Mr. President, there is
no necessity for any feeling on this subject what-
ever.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no feeling. You have
shown it, I think.
Mr. STUART. I have no desire to present
anything here except what I conceive to be very
important, and I have stated it with a view to that,
to be the settled action and precedent of the Sen-
ate. If the Senate is disposed to settle a course
of action which gives mo the power to prevent a
measure from becoming a law that has passed
within the last two days of a Congress, I shall
have no more reason to complain than any other
man hero; but I submit that it is not a power
which can be safely intrusted to anybody.
1 was saying, sir, that the courtesy of the Sen-
ate, which I thought was a proper courtesy, had
been exercised through its presiding officers thus
far: when a Senator notified the Presiding Officer
or the Secretary that he designed to make a mo-
tion to reconsider, and wished the bill held back
until he could have the opportunity to do so, that
courtesy has been extended. Otherwise, the rule
applying that the motion is not in order after the
bill lias passed from the possession of the Senate,
he would be cut off unless a majority of the Senate
chose to ask that it be returned from the other
House. There is a conclusive reason, therefore,
why he should have the opportunity to make a
motion for reconsideration. But when a Senator
has had the opportunity and declines to avail him-
self of it, but claims it as a right to keep a bill
here for two days after it has passed, I submit
that it will not be safe for the business of the
Senate and the country to adopt such a course of
proceeding. It is, in my judgment, in clear vio-
lation of the rules of the Senate, and of the duty
of its officers; and it Was therefore that I rose to
ask that the order of the Senate, made on Friday,
that this bill should be communicated to the House
of Representatives, be executed. I thought it a
very proper occasion to bring to the attention of
the Senate the difficulty that we should be in if
we adopted a principle which would put the con-
trol of the business of the Senate into the hands
of any one Senator.
I did not rise for the purpose of complaining
of the Senator from Louisiana. He may exercise
any rights that he thinks he possesses here, and
I certainly will treat him with all the respect that
is duo to a.Senator, and to hirti individually; but
it is the business of the Senate which will be
jeopardized, if the Senate adopts or allows this
practice. My motion, therefore, is, that the order
of the Senate, made on Friday last in reference to
the Kansas bill, be executed at once.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, I was about
to state the reason for my action in this case, and
was about to appeal to the rule as fully sustain-
ing me in the course that I have thought proper
to adopt. The rule governing this matter ap-
pears to me to be free from all ambiguity. It is
the 20th rule of the Senate. It provides that
" Wlion a question lias been once mado and earned in
the affirmative or negative, it shall be in order for any mem-
ber of the majority tomove for the reconsiduiauon thereof;
but no motion tor the reconsideration of any vote shall be
in order alter a bill, resolution, message, report, amend-
ment, or motion, upon which the vote was taken, shall
have t;o'ic out of the possession of the Senate, announcing;
their decision."
I believe this bill is still in the possession of
the Senate; and, with all due deference to the Sen-
ator from Michigan, I deny that any order has
been made by the Senate, directing this bill to be
carried to the House of Representatives. It is
"very possible that on the Journal such an order
may appear as having been made ; but I take it
tor granted that the Senate never makes an order
unless upon the motion of some Senator. Now,
I have not looked at the Journal, but I have had
occasion, once or twice, to observe that the Sen-
ate is said to have directed a bill to be sent to the
House of Representatives, when, to my knowl-
edge, no such order has been given. I assume
that no such order has been given in this case.
If the contrary appears on the Journal, it is an
act of supererogation on the part of the clerk,
without any authority from the Senate.
Then the bill being still in the possession of the
Senate, what arc my rights? The rule goes on
to say:
"Nor shall any motion for reconsideration be in order,
unless made on the suine day on which the vote was taken,
or within the two next days of actual session of the Senate
thereafter."
That is a direct concession of the right, at any
time within two days of actual session of the Sen-
ate after a bill has passed, to move for a reconsid-
eration. Now, sir, I do not feel myself bound to
give my reasons for the action that I choose to
take in this matter. They are satisfactory to my-
self. As a Senator 1 have the right, I believe,
subject always to the control of the appellate
power of the Senate. I do not consider this, in
any sense, a privileged question. It is in the
power of any member of the majority, was on
Friday, was yesterday, is at this moment, in the
power of any member of the Senate who voted in
the majority on this occasion, to move a recon-
sideration. The moment that motion is made it
is a privileged question, and the Senate can enter-
tain it. If the Senator from Michigan can find
any Senator who voted with the majority, that is
disposed now to make this motion, he has a very
simple mode of bringing the question of privilege
before the Senate. But, in the mean while, I deny
that the Senate has any right to act on this mat-
ter. I say that my discretion in this matter can-
not be controlled by the action of the Senate;that
I helve the right, until the close of this legislative
day, to move a reconsideration. Whether I do
so or not will depend upon circumstances which
may occur in the course of the day; 1 may or
may not.
As to the argument of inconvenience, it is very
true; and I can see all the difficulties that might
result from tlft application of this rule at a late
period of the session. That may be a very good
reason for amending the rale; but until the rule
be amended, it appears to me that my right is
positive, and cannot be controlled by any action
of the Senate, and I am not disposed to yield it.
If the Senator from Michigan can satisfy mc that
my construction of the rule is a bad one, orrather
can satisfy the majority of the Senate that such is
the case, of course I tftust yield; but believing
that I pos.sess the right, I intend to exercise it.
Mr. STUART. 1 think the error into which
the Senator hits fallen is upon the construction of
the rule. The rule has, as I said, two limitations
upon the right to move a reconsideration. The
first one is, that it must be done while the bill o-r
paper is in the possession of the Senate; the next
one is, that in any cver.t it must be done within
two days of actual session after the bill has passed.
These are limitations upon the right to move a
reconsideration. Now, sir, the right to retain a
bill, in order to make a motion to reconsider, is a
right that has no existence at all. It is not found
in the rule. I grant that when a Senator makes
his motion to reconsider, the bill being in posses-
sion of the Senate,it must be retained; and why?
Because that is a motion he has a right to make;
nobody can deprive him of it; and the bill still
being within the possession of the Senate, no in-
convenience grows out of that right, because the
Senate, by a majority, can dispose of the motion.
No delay can arise in that case, for it is a privi-.
leged question, and the Senate may take it right
up and act upon it, and reconsider or refuse to
reconsider at once. Then no inconvenience grows
out of it at all.
But, sir, if you adopt the argument that because
a single Senator has aright to move to reconsider,
he therefore has a right to retain a.bill, and in the
end not make his motion to reconsider, you do
most emphatically put the whole business of the
Senate within the power of a single Senator. You
put it, in all stages of the session, within his
power for two succeeding legislative days after
any bill is passed; and at the close of the session
you put the whole business itself into his hands.
Now, Mr. President, let me test this idea: and
I test it not for the purpose of moving to amend
the rules, for they need no amendment; I will
show you, I think, that they need no amendment.
Suppose this to be the lastaayof the session,and
the Senate now passes an appropriation bill; I
vote for it, and immediately send a note to the
Secretary or Presiding Officer that I reserve my
right to move a reconsideration within two days,
and demand that that bill be kept here: if the
right exists now in tins case, how are you going
to prevent it then ?
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from Michi-
gan allow me to state to him how it can be pre-
vented easily ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. It can be prevented by any
other member of the majority asking for a recon-
sideration . That is a complete answer to any dan-
ger that might result from a mere factious spirit
on the part of a single member. There are more
than thirty members of the Senate who voted for
this bill. If any one of them can be found to move
a reconsideration, very well.
Mr. STUART. With all respect to the Sen-
ator, I think that is not an answer; because, not
only the minority of the Senate, but the country,
has a right to have the action of Congress proceed
uninterruptedly. It does not follow that because
in a given case there might be a majority of the
Senate voting for a measure, it can be thus with-
held—not at all. The Senator is not talking about
what may possibly be done; he is talking about
his right. He says he has this right. That is
the position that I am controverting. As I said,
let him make his motion. That exercises his
right, and that puts it in the power of the Senate
to dispose of it; to reconsider, or to refuse to re-
consider. Then he enjoys his right, and he enjoys
it in consonance with the rights of every other
member of the body, and the body itself, and with
the business of the country. But, when he neither
makes his motion nor permits the bill to go to the
House of Representatives, the right which he
claims places under foot the rights of the country t
it places under font the rights of men who voted,
against the bill; and it is suggested that all diffi-
culty may be avoided by seeking for some mem-
ber, who votes in the majority, who will move to
reconsider at once, and have that motion disposed
