THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Mr. WASBBUBNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The <311 AIRMAN. The gentleman has not the
floor to make that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood the
Chair to recognize me as being entitled to the flop):
when the gentleman from Pennsylvania made "a
motion which could not be entertained.
The CHAIRMAN. No motion in order was
made that the Chair heard.
- Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did not make any
motion, and I do not want to. I only want to
talk a little. [Laughter.] It was for that purpose
1 sought the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Neitherthegentleman from
Bennsylvania nor his colleague, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, made any
motion that was entertained.
Mr. FLORENCE. I made a motion which
■was ruled out, but I do not relinquish the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Hie chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means made a mo-
tion to lay the bill aside, to be reported to the
House, but that was not entertained. His col-
league, near me, also made a motion, which was
ruled out of order. I understood the Chair then
to recognize me as entitled to the floor.
The fcHAIRMAN. The Chair gave the floor
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, at the expira-
tion of the time of the gentleman from Georgia.
He has not yielded it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I am at fault
entirely.
Mr. WARREN. I call the gentleman to order;
and ask that the gentleman fVom Wisconsin be
cdlowed to proceed with his speech.
. The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is not in order, unless the gentleman from
Wisconsin yields him thp floor.
Ml-. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to state my
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I know the Chair
will decide so; but he must first hear my point,
[pries of " Order!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a personal expla-
nation. [Continued cries of " Order!"] Gentle-
men may clamor as much as they please. [Cries
of " Order!"]
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. If" grntlumen havo not sufllr.ient
respect for themselves to keep the order of this
House, I hope the Chairman will order the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to do so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no Ser-
geant-at-Anns in committee.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I am in favor,
then, of a motion that the committee rise and ask
for that power.
Mr. FLORENCE. So am I. [Great laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. 1 call the gentleman from
New York to order. IJe has? only increased the
confusion.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir; I call the gentle-
man from New York to order.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will resume
their seats and preserve order. The gentleman
from Wisconsin is alone entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN,of Wisconsin. Mr. Chair-
man, that the assembling of Congress would be
signalized by some definite recommendation from
the President of the United States, having for its
object the relief of the commercial, mercantile,
and industrial classes, now bowed clown in such
deep distress, was, 1 think, the general expecta-
tion of the country. The position heretofore oc-
cupied by the President when in Congress, upon
the subject of the currency and tariff, gave assur-
ance, to some at least, that he would have the
coinage to mark out some plan for the action of
Congm&s winch would tend to allay existing evils,
and prevent their recurrence hereafter. To all
such the message has caused bitter disappoint-
ment. Instead of any such measure having been
brought forward, the country is now as much m
the dark m regard to the financial policy of the
Administration as on the day we first met. We
arenowapproachmg the close of the second month
of the session, and what has been done? So far
as anything- practical or useful to the country is
concerned, I may say literally nothing. Over one
half of the present month has been given to the
consideration of the outlaw and pirate, William j
Walker, and his vagabond associates. While the j
country is crushed beneath a weight of financial
calamity such as has been seldom known, and
whilst national bankruptcy is staring you in the
face, you turn away, and treat with utter neglect
all such matters. They are not worthy of the
consideration of an American Congress; while a
handful of desperadoes command the most dis-
tinguished consideration.
The President has discovered, as he thinks, the
cause, and sole cause, of our present financial dif-
ficulties, but arrives at what I regard as a most
lame and impotent conclusion, when he telis us
that the Government is powerless to remove or
lessen that cause, abate the evil, or in any manner
to afford relief.
The President tells you that all our difficulties
and financial troubles are to be attributed to our
extravagant and vicious system of bank credits
and paper currency, and to that alone. 1 deny the
first, and I will proceed to show that this decln-
ration is an artful dodge on the part of the Chief
Magistrate, to draw attention from the real causes
that have produced such wide-spread financial
ruin.
The President is well aware of the prejudice
existing in the public mind m regard to banking
institutions generally. That prejudice is well
grounded, and I do not seek to remove it; but I
object to the President availing himself of that
prejudice for purposes of concealment of the true
causes of the public distress.
It is not my purpose to enter upon a defense of
the banking system of this country. I could not
defend it. That it has contributed to the present
difficulties, I have no manner of doubt; nor have
I any doubt but our whole system of banking,
as now carried on, is unsafe, dangerous, and cor-
rupt; and I am sure that no gentleman will go
further than I will to reform that system, so as to
prevent, as far as restraining the banks will pre-
vent, a recurrence of the present condition of af-
fairs.
Our present unfortunate condition may be at-
tributed to numerous causes; but the principal
cause id disclosed in the extravagant, corrupt, and
corrupting practices of this Government for the
past twelve years. That a wise and prudent Ad-
ministration would have saved us from our pres-
ent condition, I have no manner of doubt.
In 1841 a bankrupt law was parsed, under which
a large number of persons who were luined by
the revulsion of 1837 were discharged from their
debts, and began the world anew. Of the wis-
dom of that act I express no opinion. Up to
that period every branch of business was pros-
trate; and, in the opinion of the public men of that
day, some action was required on the part of the
Government to restore public confidence, put the
wheels of our manufacturing establishments in
motion, and gis e employment to the millions then
in idleness. The resultof that conviction was the
tanffact of 1842. Under that enactment business
speedily revived; our credit, at home and abroad,
rose rapidly;and the effect of the then reeentfman-
cial disaster was fast passing away; labor, the
foundation of all wealth, found ready employ-
ment and ample pay, and the whole country was
jogging on in a career of happiness and prosper-
ity. There was no unhealthy inllation of prices,
or wild spirit of speculation abroad among the
people. While all was peace and quietness within
our borders, the public mind was startled by the
proclamation of President Polk, declaring that our
soil had been invaded by a foreign foe. Upon that
proclamation, this House, upon a discussion of
twenty-live minutes, declared war to exist by the
act of Mexico: a declaration, m my opinion,
wholly unjustified by the facts then m possession
of Congress, or of facts afterwards disclosed.
The effect of that hurried declaration was to pre-
cipitate us into a war with a foreign Power, from
which we did not emerge until we had sacrificed
eighty thousand lives and over two hundred mil-
lions of dollais. It is not necessary to iny pur-
pose that I should speak of the objects for which
that war was prosecuted; and I now only speak
of it as it affects our present unfortunate financial
condition. The primary effect of that war was
to unsettle the public mind. Thousands who
were engaged in the quiet walks of life, impelled
by patriotism or some other motive, abandoned
the plow, the loom, and the anvil, to meet a hos-
tile foe on a foreign soil. While those who went
were withdrawn from the condition of producers
at home, those who remained behind partook of
all the excitement of those who went. "Halls
of the Montezurnas'' spranginto existence in every
hamlet, and our before staid population became
revelers therein.
This, then, was the first shock to that stability of
the public mind, which has led to such results.
To carry on that war required over one hundred
million dollars. That vast sum was raised upon
the credit of the Government, and was mostly
drawn from abroad. That sum was disbursed
while the war continued; and though a portion
was paid out within the limits of Mexico, it nearly
all went into the hands of our own citizens, and
was soon nearly all in circulation within the Uni-
ted States. Thus was upwards of two hundred
millions added by the Government to our circula-
tion in a short space of time—a sum nearly equal
to the entire paper circulation at this time, and far
exceeding what it then was.
In addition to this largo sum, you, about tho
same time, commenced the issue of land warrants,
which you have kept up since, until an amount
representing thirty or forty millions has been
thrown upon the market; and as, to some extent,
they entered into circulation and took the placc of
money, they to that extent still further contrib-
uted to the inflation.
No person at all familiar with the subject of the
currency can doubt what the effect of that large
increase of the circulating medium was; and it
may safely be set down as a principle in political
economy that cannot be controverted, that if you
increase the quantity of the circulating medium,
you will inflate prices in the same ratio, regard-
less of the fact whether that medium be com or
something to represent it.
Thus it was that our country first became in-
flated, and the steady habits of our people were
broken up and destroyed.
In 184G the tariff bill of Mr.Walker was passed,
greatly reducing the duty on imports. The high
prices caused by the inflation, added to the low
rate of duties, invited to most extravagant im-
portations, nearly doubling in tho four years, from
1847 to 1851; and there would then have been a
general break down, had not extraordinary causes
intervened to put off the evil day. Those causes
were the discovery of gold in California and Aus-
tralia, whereby an increase of $900,000,000 has
been added to the currency of tho world—an in-
crease unparalleled in the world's history, and
which has wroughta revolution in prices through-
out the length and breadth of this Republic.
The tendency of this increase of prices conse-
quent on the great increase of currency, whether
metallic or paper, most unquestionably has been to
stimulate extravagant importations from abroad.
The only other instance that I am aware of in the
woild's history where the metallic currency has
been greatly and suddenly inflated, was at the
time of the discovery of the mines of Mexico and
Peru, in the sixteenth century, by Spain. The
tendency of money is to equalize its value in all
countries having intercourse with one another;
and if brought m extraordinary quantities into
one country, quickly spreads itself throughout the
rest.
The manner in which this diffusion is brought
about is perfectly plain. Take the case of Spain,
which was the nation to which came the great in-
flux of gold and silver after the conquest of Peru.
This influx of the precious metals, by greatly
adding to the money in circulation, at once raised
the puce of all Spanish commodities, and all ar-
ticles used in that country, far above the level
of prices elsewhere. As soon as this took place,
foreign nations found an immediate profit from
sending goods into Spain, and selling at the high
prices there, bringing back gold and silver re-
ceived in exchange, and repeating the transaction.
Thus the treasures poured into Spam and Portu-
gal soon found their way all over Europe, in the
same way and for the same reason that the treas-
ures poured in upon us from California have left
us and been distributed among the other nations
of the world; and thus it will always be, when-
ever a country has more than its share of money
it is sure to lose it by the excessive import of
goods, which the enhancement of prices is sure
to occasion, until the vnlue of the circulation and
prices are equalized and at par with the money
