1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
35th Cong....1st Sess. Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation-—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
talked of in South Carolina, cotton in Liverpool
was five and a half pence a pound. It had gone
down m four months from nine and a half to five
and a half pence, eight cents on the pound. If
they had resumed specie payments at the timeit
was talked of, and other southern banks had done
so, and pressed their debtors, the whole crop
would have gone at five and a half pence; but
since that, by accommodating the public without
a resumption, it has gone up to seven and a half
pence. That item alone will make more differ-
ence to the cotton crop of the cotton-growing
States than the whole bank capital in them.
But, sir, that is a matter rather aside from the
proposition before the Senate, i have undertaken
to show that the rates of duty imposed under the
last tariff act cannot be considered adequate to
supply the Government with revenue for its use;
and if the revenue decreases as the rates are di-
minished, we should not collect $40,000,000 a
year on the same importations upon which we
collected $63,000,000 under the former tariff. You
will have to add seventy-two and a half per cent,
to the present rates of duty to bring them up to
the rates under the tariff of 1846. As I said be-
fore, I do not give any opinion as to what the
amount of importations may be. I see no reason,
in the value of any great staple product of the
United States, to justify any hope that you can
increase the amount of exhortations and impor-
tations; and unless there is some new basis of
credit introduced, I agree that this proposed loan
of $15,000,000 will increase your importations
J].9,000,000. It will all be in England in less than
six months, if there is any revival of trade; and
having $15,000,000 of good evidence of debt", its
tendency would be to make other stocks and bonds,
appreciate. That is the way we got into credit
at the commencement of the Mexican war. The
Senator from Virginia said yesterday that every-
body predicted there would be an insufficient rev-
enue under the tariff of 1846. Well, sir, I hap-
pened to be here when it passed, and in two
months from the time it went into operation, I
know there was such an opinion; but I ventured
to declare that we should have revenue enough
under that tariff; that the issue of bonds for the
war with Mexico would raise you credit in Eu-
rope; and if you would issue six per cent, bonds
of the United States, you could import foreign
goods as long as you would send such bonds
abroad; and so you will again; and they will take
a pretty large proportion of that which is worth-
less in payment of their goods, if you will only
send them a few of these bonds. It was the re-
sumption of the paymentof interestby the differ-
ent States, after we had redeemed our foreign
indebtedness, that gave the State stocks and rail-
road bonds of the country a currency in Europe;
and they have now got $500,000,000 of them. If
you were to take the books of the Treasury as
authority, instead of our having got in debt to them
$500,000,000, they ought to owe us $200,000,000
for the last ten years. This difference is occa-
sioned by undervaluation—I call it fraud.
There is one remarkable fact in reference to the
mode of collecting and levying duties. We have
had different forms of expression in different laws
of the United States, with a view of having the
revenue collected on the value at the port of entry.
In 179*5 it was provided that the officers should
take the value at the port of exportation and should
add charges, except commissions, outside pack-
ages, and insurances. In 1790 the phraseology
was changed, and the law said the valuation should
be made at the port of importation, including all
charges except outside packages, insurance, and
commissions. In three or four months after that
law passed, invoices came from London contain-
ing freight in the schedule of charges. An in-
voice came into Charleston with an item of <£321
as freight upon goods sent; and the collector of
Charleston, not knowing that the phraseology
of the law had been changed, wrote to the Treas-
ury Department to know what he should do with
this new item embraced m the charges. The
Comptroller of the Treasury happened to be ab-
sent, and the clerk wrote him a letter giving him
directions. The clerk wrote that the charge for
freight would be a proper charge at the port of
importation; but as the law required the value to
be made up at the port of exportation, he should
exclude it, and he would have him strike it from
the items of cost and charges, unless he found
some other practice in other ports of the United
States; and if he did, he must submit the matter
to the Department and they would give further
instructions. A few months afterwards the De-
partment received a similar letter from a collector
m Virginia, stating that an invoice had come from
London with a certain item forfrcightamong the
charges. Mr. Steele had then got home, and he
wrote pretty lengthy instructions,stating that as
the language in the sections of the acts of 1795
and 1799 were word for word identical, the same
ruling must be applied to each. One law required
the value to be fixed at the place of exportation,
and the otherat the place of importation, and yet
the Comptroller said they were identical! I have
had some curiosity to look into these matters, and
I find that is the way it happened that the legal
principle came to be settled that it is unconsti-
tutional to include freight among the dutiable
charges upon imported goods; and I suppose it
will be settled forever hereafter that that is uncon-
stitutional, because this clerk did not happen to
read the law, or failed to perceive the change in
phraseology, as compared with the former one.
In the year 1816 Congress revised the tariff laws,
and provided that—
u la all cases where an ad valorem duty shall be charged,
it shall l G calculated on the net co-it of the article at the
place whence imported, exclusive of packages, commis-
sions, and all charges, with the usual addition established
i v Jaw, of twenty per centum on all merchandise imported
ftom places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, and of ten per
ccntuni on articles impoited from all other places."
That was pretty plain, and they rightly con-
tinued and applied the same instructions to im-
ports under that law.
In 1818 Congress revised the law again, and
put m this phraseology, that the dutiable value
should be made up at the port of importation, to
include the original cost, including all charges
except'commissions, outside packages, and insur-
ance, with the twenty and ten per cent, additions
as before. This as clearly included the freight as
the other excluded it and all charges; but Mr.
Steele, referring the collectors to his letter of 1799,
which referred to the act of that year, again re-
peats, the laws remain the same as to including
the freight.
I happened to be here when the compromise
tariff was made, when there was much debate in
the Senate as to the reduction of duties proposed
to be made. Some urged that that law was one
abandoning the principle of protection; but I hap-
pened to be in favor of the compromise. In the
course of the debate, the very distinguished Sen-
ator from Kentucky, Mr. Clay, said that he found
by conversation that a great many of the manu-
facturers were with him on that question. The
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, Mr.
Webster, got up and said, il those are the cotton
manufacturers; they are not affected by this re-
duction; they arc protected by the minimums—
by the legal valuation of the goods in the law."
Mr. Clay said that that legal valuation was put in
for another purpose, to prevent frauds, and that
of course nobody expected the nunimums to be
disturbed. That was the general current of opinion
throughout the Senate, and it was agreed to be
the proper construction of the law. But Mr. Clay
suggested to me, in conversation, that we had a
very peculiar land of Comptroller, and it was best
to give the original reasons for putting the mini-
mums in the law; and I sketched out a few of
them, and the paper was handed to Mr. Grundy,
who agreed to give it to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and insist that that should be the con-
struction; but before the law took effect, the Sec-
retary concluded that the minimums were repealed,
and gave such instructions, illustrating them by
forty bales of blue cottons. On the 26th of De-
cember, 1833, the Comptroller issued his instruc-
tions to the collcctors to take effect January 1,
1834, and he told them to put the minimums aside;
that they were to take twenty-five per cent, and
to strike off ten per cent, of the excess over thirty,
&c. This made considerable noise; and when Con-
gress met resolutions were passed calling on the
Secretary for his reasons for this. A peculiar part
of the Comptroller's second letter of instructions
was, that he found he himself was mistaken in
the letter of the Secretary; but that letter was just
as plain as his instructions were. A law as plain
as that was construed in that way. If there is a
law to repeal or diminish duties, there js no con-
stitutional objection to any construction you may
please to place upon it; but if you undertake, to
get what the law exacts, every item is unconsti-
tutional; every provision-you propose to make is
offered in the wrong place, at the wrong time, and
to the wrong bill, and it has been so ever since I
knew anything about tariffs.
It is a matter of demonstration that, unless the
character of the imports be very much changed
from what it has been in previous years, the pres-
ent tariff will not yield us sufficient revenue. Last
year the amount of imports entered for consump-
tion was $333,000,000, yielding a revenue of
$63,000,000; but, under the present tariff, the same
amount of imports, if of the same character and
description, would not yield more than forty mil-
lion dollars. Surely, nobody can believe that we
can pay for a larger amount of importations than
$333,000,000 for any length of time. Why, sir,
flour, a great article of exportation, has not been
so low for ten years as it is now. Cotton is twenty
per cent. lower than it was last year; so of to-
bacco; and can anybody see anything in the com-
mercial relations of the world to justify the hope
that there is to be any great advance in the price
of our groat staples? I see none; I wish the pros-
pect was better. If we are to continue this busi-
ness of importing and getting in debt, I would
much rather have direct taxes. Such a system is
absolute ruin, dependence, and degradation. I
would rather we should owe anywhere and to
any class rather than to foreigners.
We never have a discussion on any of these
subjects when constitutional objections are not
made. Now, sir, I never knew so extravagant
an application of constitutional doctrines as that
which says it is unconstitutional to levy duties
with a view to incidental protection—I call it with
a view to encourage the industry of the country,
I care not what others call it, if they will only
think of the labor of the country when they are
levying the duties—as an abstract proposition.
I have heard nearly every one of our strict con-
structionists, during the present session, say that
they believed the only way to bring the Govern-
ment back to a fair amount of expenditures was
to resort to direct taxation; not because it was
exactly the best mode, but because it was the only
mode to make Congress honest, and prevent it
squandering the public money. That is a kind
of incidental use of the power to levy taxes that
I never heard of before—that you are to levy
direct taxes for the purpose of making members
of Congress honest! You cannot levy indirect
taxes with a view to encourage industry, but you
may levy direct taxes with a view to make the
members of the Administration and the members
of Congress honest. That is an incidental power
I never expected was to be derived from the
Constitution.
We have had one law that imposed a duty on
goods at their fairmarket value at the port of im-
portation, called the compromise act. We had a
long debate about the constitutionality of levying
duties upon a home valuation, it lasted two
months; and, in the course of that debate, I wit-
nessed one of the greatest evidences of the effect
of public sentiment and public discussion upon
the human mind that I ever saw in my life. A
distinguished Senator from South Carolina—a
man of as high character, honor, and truthfulness
as ever lived on this earth—called me to order
three times in the Senate for saying that he voted
for an amendment levying duties on the home
valuation. He said that he had never voted for
it; that he always insisted that it was unconsti-
tutional; and he believed it as much as I believe
that I am standing in the Senate Chamber, and
persisted in it until he went into the other room,
and got the Journal of the Senate, and found his
own name recorded infavorof putting thatamend-
ment into the bill. I mention this as an instance
of how a protracted and excited discussion in the
public press, and by the public men of the coun-
try, will literally wear a channel into everybody's
mind, so that a man will come to believe almost
anything. I do not blame any man here for
believing that anything is unconstitutional. If
that idea goes through two or tluee presidential
