1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2505
oil him. The collector receives the funds, and lie
is accountable. He gives ample security. Many
of the superintendents would not do it. I do not
think it would be proper to make the superintend-
ent the disbursing agent.
Mr. WILSON. I disagree with the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, and I see no reasor
why that gentleman, receiving $3,650 a year
should not disburse the money necessary to be
disbursed at Charleston, and give bonds to the
Government for the faithful discharge of the duty.
Therefore, without applying this amendment spe-
cially to this case, 1 accept the suggestion of the
Senator from Maine, and am willing to take his
amendment as it has been modified.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts that it would be safer to have the
collector the disbursing agent. The superintend-
ent is very often a mere architect.
Mr. HAYNE. The superintendent is daily at
his post. As the honorable gentleman from Lou-
isiana has said, he is always there; and, if I mis
take not, he makes all the contracts. At any rate,
he is always at his post, and the office is exceed-
ingly onerous.
Mr. CLAY. I have prepared an amendment,
which I think will cover the objectof the Senator
from Massachusetts. Tt is to insert this provision
as on additional section to the bill:
.Qml hp it finlher enacted, That the collectois of cus-
toms in tlie seveial collection districts of the United States
shall be, anil tlioy aie hereby and lieiejil'ier, n;i]uiied to acl
as dislnii-oins an'Mit- for the payment of all moneys appin-
priaied lor tiie building of cu to!ii-hou.ses, maime hospitals,
or other public bmklmss; and that herealter
litems and the eleik^of disbursing agents shall he dispensed
with.
Mr. WILSON. I certainly have no objection
to that form. I understand it meets the appro-
bation of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. HUNTER. I will vote for it. 1 do not
understand the subject very well, butlknow that
the superintendents are frequently mere archi-
tects, and it would not do to make them disburs-
ing agents. We know that the collectors are safe
disbursing agents.
Mr. FliSSENDEN. One difficulty about this
amendment is that some of the public buildings
are erected at places where there are no collectors
of customs. For instance, you do not always
erect a court-house in a place where there is a
collector.
Mr. HUNTER. The buildings are for custom-
houses and court-houses together.
Mr, FESSENDEN. All I want is to make the
piovision broad enough to cover all these build-
ings in the United States.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Alabama
and the Senator from Virginia wish to have the
collectors made disbursing agents. The Senator
from Maine suggests that this cannot be done in
all cases. Now why not say, " collectors or su-
perintendents." There maybe a feweases where
a superintendent would act in that way, and, if
the Senator from Alabama will agree to that mod-
ification, I will accept his amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I have no objection to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 would suggest another
thing, to add to the amendment, that lie shall re-
ceive no additional compensation fur the discharge
of these duties.
Mr CLAY. I shall be sure to do that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you do not do it, they
•will go on and give them eight dollars a day ad-
ditional.
Mr. PUGH. If Senators had looked at the end
of tills table, on page 132 of the Finance Report,_
they would have found a note answering some of
then* objections:
" Notk. Tho^e disbursing agents whose rnte of compen-
sation i- stated at £100 per annnin an- collectors, whose
comjx'iit-atiou fixed at two and a hah per cent on the
am omit di-bm*ud , piovuied *uch peiccnia^', in addition to
tlx- pcicentau^ i.'teivi'd for hsht-hou-e and all other dis-
bursements, docs not exceed four hundred dollars per an-
num. Geneially,wl)ote tiieie w a collector at the Juration
of a wuik, he appointed di<tmr^in<,' a-jem; but at New
Oilman.-, and a few other phice^, a sepal ale disbui^mg agent
is employed.55
I think the cheapest plan would be to make
them all collectors where there is one, and to bring
him under the $400 provision, which is a mere
additional per centum to Ins compensation. He
do; s not get that, unless the percentageamounts
to it: it is? a limitation. Wliete there is^no col-
Lctor, I have no gieat objection to appointing a
superintendent; but when I look over this col-
umn, I see that many of these superintendents
are Army officers, and I do not want to give them
any more power.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a law in regard to
designating depositaries. If a collector be desig-
nated as a depositary, he receives a certain per
centum, so much on the §100,000. I suppose it
is under that law they get the $400 alluded to; but
I am not certain of that. I think it probable, from
hearing this note read, that it is under that law
that the collectors get it.
Mr. PUGH. I will vote for an amendment to
make the collector a disbursing agent, wherever
there is a collector.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Alabama
is preparing his amendment as a separate section.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senate will go on and per-
fect this bill, I shall endeavor, in the mean time,
to compass the views of all gentlemen, by writing
an amendment which shall be a concluding sec-
tion of the bill.
The PRESI DING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Massachusetts
withdraw his amendment with that understand-
ing ?
Mr, WILSON. I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion recurs on the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON. 1 find in this amendment an
item of $300,000, for continuing the work on the
custom-house at Charleston, South Carolina. I
wish to ask the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, if that is necessary? I find in a report
made by Captain Bowman, a statement that
$100,000 is needed. I am willing to vote what-
ever is necessary.
Mr. HUNTER. I am assured by Captain Bow-
man—1 saw liini this morning—that tills sum is
necessary, and it is all for material, except so
much labor as will be necessary to put up the ma-
terial when it gets there, and not leave it exposed
tj the weather. That is the explanation made to
me.
Mr. TIAYNE. The custom-house in Charles-
ton is in a peculiar condition. It is not near so
far advanced as the New Orleans custom-house;
and, unless you make an appropriation sufficient
i to use up the material, a threat deal of it will be
destroyed. The proper kind of mechanics have
j been collected. It is a beautiful building, a very
' costly one, and if you discharge your good work-
men you may not be able to ^et them again.
The amendment was agreed to.
The last reported amendment of the committee
was to insert as a new section:
Sfo 3. Jlntl he it further enacted, That section pi\ of an
act pa^ed Au^t 18, ]&>(>. entitled " An act making appio-
piwtioiif. lor o< rt.un civil expenses of the Government, for
the vear ondme^Oth of June, 1877," shall apply to the^ub-
Miteuoo of the comim-nonei theiein named iiom the tune
he entered upon the di-clnuKe of Ins duties, and the same
shall be paid out of appropriations already made.
Mr. PUGH. What commissioner is that ? I
dislike this voting in the dark.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator fiom Maine can
explain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the commissioner
under the reciprocity treaty for fixing the line
agreed upon; and if the Senator wants an expla-
nation of the necessity of the provision, I will
aive it to him. The sakuy of the commissioner
was originally fixed at $2,000. It was supposed
at the time the salary was fixed that ho would re-
ceive, in addition to it, his expenses. His ex-
penses have necessarily been, for several years,
more than his salary, and the amount to pay them
was not appropriated because it was supposed to
be coveied by the previous legislation. It was
discovered by my colleague, however, that that
was not provided for, and he suggested it to the
Secretary of State, who admitted at once its pro-
priety, but said he had no authority, under the
act, to pay the expenses, and an allowance must
be made him for subsistence, at four dollars a
day. It was made two years ago. It was sup-
posed, at the time, that this piovision was made
for the preceding years—that it covered the year
winch had elapsed; but on examination it has
been found that although it applied to (hat year,
and all succeeding years, and has since been reg-
ularly estimated for, it did not apply to the first
year. There is money out of which the payment
can be made already appropriated, and this prop-
osition is simply to give him his subsistence for
the first year, which he has never received. .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer another amendment
from the Committee on Finance, to insert at the
end of the first section:
To enable the Library Committee to complete the pay-
merits for a series of portraits of the Presiden ts of the Uni~
ted«States, contracted for under authority of Congress, and
for framing the same, $5,000. t
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer another amendment:
For paying the expenses of the commissioners appoint-
ed in pursuance of the joint resolution of th« 24th of Feb-
ruary, 1857, to inquiie into, and testing the processes of J.
T. Barclay, for pi eventing the counterfeiting of the coins
of the United States, in addition to the s>um appropiiated by
said resolution, $800.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it $1,200 for Dr. Barclay. The
commissioners who have tested these experi-
ments under a resolution I introduced at the last
session, speak very favorably of them, and they
state in their report, which I handed to the chair-
man of the Finance Committee, that Mr. Barclay
had been attending during the whole progress of
the experiments, and they turned out advantage-
ously to the country in testing the means discov*
ered by him to prevent counterfeiting. They rec-
ommend that his expenses at least be paid, and
they say $1,200 would be right for them. I hope
the Senate will agree to add $1,200 for Mr. Bar-
clay's expenses.
Mr. HUNTER. Eight hundred dollars is for
i machinciy to test the improvement. The Com-
j mittee on Finance agreed to the sum of $800 for
i machinery.
j Mr. TOOMBS. I move to add $1,200 for the
j expenses of Dr. Barclay. He is a gentleman,
1 without means, who has attended to this business.
! It is,likely to be advantageous to the Govern-
| ment. So the commissioners report—two scien-
I tific gentlemen who have considered the matter;
! and I think it is but fair to allow the old man
j his expenses while giving his labor. I propose
i to amend the amendment by adding to it—
i And Si.200 to the said J. T. Barclay, for payment of
his expenses while attending at the Mint for that puipose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This commission was
originally appointed at the request of Dr. Barclay,
for the purpose of testing an invention which he
alleged he had made. It had not then been test-
ed; he had not the means to do it himself, and
therefoie he applied to Congress to furnish him
with the means. If it turns out to be successful
it will be very valuable; if unsuccessful, of course
it will he worth nothing. He being deeply inter-
ested in the matter, asked for, and obtained the
assistance of, the Government to test his experi-
ment. We have paid the expenses of the com-
mission, for which purpose a sum was appropri-
ated; I do not know how much.
Mr. TOOMBS. Two thousand five hundred
dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The commissioners have
been acting; they now say that they think, from
present appearances, the discovery will tuui out
to be advantageous, and they need.$800 more to
enable them to complete the examination', and
they recommend that as Dr. Barclay has given
his time to aid them, $1,200 should be appropri-
ated for his use. The question then is, whether
Congress will only pay the expenses of making
the experiment,which will be advantageous to Dr.
Barclay if successful, and stop there, or whether
they will also go further, and pay his expenses
while it was being made. It is very evident that
if it turns out to bo unsuccessful the expenses of
the experiment will have been paid by the Gov-
ernment, and they will get no benefit from it. If
it turns out to be successful, this man will have
all the benefit of the examination and experiment
which have been carried on at the expense of the
! Government. The question is whether Congress
! will pay his expenses in addition to trying his
j experiment at their expense.
! Mr. TOOMBS. This is a small matter,but the
| Senator from Maine does not state it quite fairly.
■ Mr. FESSENDEN. I certainly intend to do
; so. ,
j Mr. TOOMBS. I know you intend it, but you
; do not state all the facts of the case. From the
! nature of the discovery, it is of no use to any
