1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481
of immediately. Why, sir, what sort of business
would it be for a man who wanted a bill passed,
to £0 looking around among the majority to sec
if he could not find some one who would conde-
scend to make this motion! That is not the ques-
tion. As I said, the rules need no amendment.
The right to reconsider is perfectly consonant
with the right of the Senate to act. Let the mo-
tion be made; let the Senate say whether they
will dispose of it now, or to-morrow, or at any
timo—whether they will reconsider or not. That
leaves the Senate in full and complete control of
its own business; but if you adopt the ground
contended for by the Senator from Louisiana, the
business of the Senate is in the possession of a
snmle individual.
There is nothing in the rules which authorizes
an officer to retain a bill at all. The rules do not
y that, on notice of a motion to rcconsidcr, a
measure shall be retained; butit is sought to show
that the limitations imposed by the rule upon the
right to move a reconsideration, limitingitin the
first place to the fact that the measure is still in
the.possession of the Senate, and in the next place
to two succeeding legislative days in time, are, in
fact, an extension of the right. Why, sir, they
are limitations upon the right; and although the
motion to reconsider may be made within two
days, if the measure shall have gone from the
Senate the right no longer exists, unless the Sen-
ate see fit, by courtesy, as they usually do, to ask
th.it the bill be returned.
I think, with all respect, if the Senator desires
to rcconsidcr, let him make his motion. Then it
•Hill be in the possession of the Senate, and we
can dispose of it. But if he does not desire to re-
consider, let the bill take the usual course. He
does not tell the Senate whether he desires tore-
consider or not; he simply says that for reasons
FuLisfuctory to himself, he wishes this bill kept
h<TC to-day, and thinks he has a right to keep it.
1 say that it is not according to our rules; itisnot
a safe proceeding to establish in the business of
the Senate; and it is one of those things which
certainly will come back to plague the inventors
— I mean the Senate of the united States. If we
a^ioe to it we shall find ourselves obliged here-
after to lose important measures, or to disavow the
pieccdent that is claimed to-day. If I am under-
stood, Mr. President, it is all I desire. I say that
the lules give no authority to retain a bill at all;
that power cannot be found in the rules; and the
exceptions in the 20th rule are limitations on the
ughr to move a reconsideration.
The Senator from Louisiana says there has
been no order of the Senate directing this bill to
be sent to the House of Representatives. I say
then; has been such an order. Would anybody
undertake to say m court that, because an order
made is one within that list which are orders as
ix matter of course, it is not the order of the court?
I have, no doubt that the strict practice would be
to move that the Secretary communicate this bill
to the House of Representatives; but it is one of
thos-> orders which, in long parliamentary usage
liei e, has grown up as a matter of course; but it
is no less the order of the Senate. It would be
exceedingly inconvenient to require that a Sena-
tor should rise every time a bill was passed and
move this order. It has come to be a settled cus-
tom. It is a motion, of course, when a bill is
passed, and it is in accordance with the 46th rule
of the Senate, which makes it the duty of the
Secretary to communicate these messages to the
House of Representatives. He must do it.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him what is the question now
before the Senate ? I have just come in.
Mr. STUART. The question is this: the Sen-
ate, on Friday last, refused to concur in the House
amendment to the Kansas bill. The Senatorfrom
Louisiana, on the next day, filed with the Clerk
a nut lee iu writing that he wished to reserve his
light to move to reconsider that vote. Yesterday
ho renewed it verbally; and to-day he lenews it
again. My proposition is, that the officers of the
Senate be directed to execute the order made on
Fnday, and communicate the action of the Senate
to the House of Representatives; and I contend
that the Senator has not a right to retain the bill
on his mere suggestion.
I had only a word more to say. The Senator
ftoin Louisiana docs not, this morning, say that
he designs to move a reconsideration. It is. there-
fore, only using this alleged right to delay a bill
in its passage bettveen the two Houses, fie had
the opportunity yesterday, he has it to-day, to
move to reconsider. That is a right that I would
be the last man in the least degree to limit beyond
the rules. I would construe the rules liberally
to afford the opportunity to make the motion; but
the oppoitunity being had, I deny that it is in the
power of a single Senator to say that the bill shall
stay here to the end of the time limited, and after
all fie will not make the motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I differ somewhat from the
views of the honorable Senator from Michigan
in his construction of this rule of order. It is
certainly meant (w'hether imposed in the form of
a restriction or not is immaterial) to give a right
to reconsider a bill on the day on which it passes,
and within the next two dnys on which the Sen-
ate is in session. According to my recollection,
the practice is this: when notice is not given to
the Secretary of any probable intention to move
for a reconsideration, as soon as the bill is en-
grossed, it is sent to the other House in the ordi-
nary course of business. If, however, notice is
given to the Secretary, I have known many cases,
I think, in which, as a matter of course, he re-
tains a bill with a view to let the Senator who
gives the notice to move to reconsider, if he sees
fit. It does not require any positive enunciation
that the party will move to reconsider, for the
object is to give time and opportunity to any Sen-
ator who votes for a bill to move to reconsider
within a limited time, a time not unreasonable.
Now, sir, to apply that rule in Us fullest lati-
tude to the end of the session would be unreason-
able; and I do not say that it is obligatory on the
officer m any case to retain a bill; because, even
if he communicates it to the House of Represent-
atives, if tiie motion to reconsider is made before
it has passed the House, the Senate has frequently
sent a message to the House, asking for the re-
turn of the bill, in order to allow a motion for re-
consideration to be made. The practice, then, it
seems to me, must bo in the discretion of the offi-
cer. At the close of the session, when it would
obstruct public business, tiie officer naturally
would reply to a Senator, <c The bill is engrossed,
and ready to go to the House of Representatives.
There will be no time to act on it if I delay it,
and I feel it my duty to communicate it at once,
unless some order of the Senate ia made to the
contrary." But, in this case, I can see no reason
for refusing the right of the Senator; and it would
be ungracious in the Clerk to refuse when there
is no press of business, and a Senator says to him,
" I desire to move to reconsider that bill, and I
desire to retain it for the length of time within
which I may make that motion." I do not think
it requires any action, unless the Senate should
be of opinion (and I do not deny the right of the
Senator from Michigan to make the motion) that
the bill ought to go at once to the House of Rep-
resentatives, or that there is some public exigency
requiring that the bill shall not be retained here
for the lapse of three days. Then the Senate cer-
tainly have the power to direct it to be communi-
cated.
It seems to me that this construction of the rule
would make it work fan ly all around. Any Sen-
ator can ask the Secretary to retain a bill if he
thinks it probable that he will move to reconsider.
If any other Senator thinks that will interfere
with the public business, the bill not having been
communicated, he may make a motion to the Sen-
ate; and it is in the power of the Senate to say
whether the bill shall go to the House at once.
That is the view I take of the rule, I think it
would be the most courteous and best construc-
tion for the public business.
J know of no reason why this bill shotald be
sent to the House of Representatives earlier than
the time within which a Senator may move for a
reconsideration. If there be such a reason, and
it is given, I should be perfectly willing to. vote,
if the honorable Senator ftom. Louisiana did not
withdraw his request, that the bill should be com-
municated to the House of Representatives; but
I see no necessity for any difficulty under the rule.
I take it for granted that the bill v/o-uld be com-
municated at once, unless some r.-quest was made
by a Senator to retain it. If that request was
made under circumstances that would obstruct the
public business, the Secretary woufcl have aright
to refuse, and mi'^ht ^eud it at or.ee. It is a matter
left to his discretion within that time. Then if
a Senator moves to reconsider, and,asks the Sob-
ate to recall the bill, they may consider whether
they will recall it. On the other hand, there, is
no breach of duty, no impropriety, oij the part .of
the Clerk, at the request of any Senator who voted
for a bill, in retaining it for that period of time
within which the reconsideration may be moved.
But when the question is presented to the-Senate,
if there are any circumstances requiring that it
should go within that period of time, it is for the
majority of the Senate to say whether that ought
to be done or not.
* Mr. DOUGLAS. This question becomes im-
portant, inasmuch as the Senatorfrom Louisiana
claims, as a right, that he can retain the bill for
three days. Ifit wasonlyaquestionof courtesy,
i t would be very different; but when a single mem-
ber asserts his right to detain a bill in this body
after the Senate has disposed of it and directed it
to be sent to the House of Representatives, it be-
comes a very grave and serious question, as affect-
ing the business of the Senate. I desire the Clerk,
as there has been a question about what the order
was, to read the order in the Journal upon this
case in regard to sending the bill to the House of
Representatives.
The Clerk read from the Journal of Fridays
which states, that when the Senate disagreed to
the House amendment to the Kansas bill, it was
" Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of Rep-
resentatives accordingly.7'
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senate disagreed to the
amendment of the House-of Representatives, and
directed the Secretary so to notify the House.
This was clearly an order that our action should
be communicated to the House of Representatives.
Now the question is, can a single Senator defeat
the execution of that order for any length of time,
or for the time claimed, which is three days-after
the passage of a bill ? My understanding is, that
it is an imperative order on the Secretary to pro-
ceed immediately to notify the House of Repre-
sentatives of our action, and that the Secretary
has no right to delay it at my request, or the re-
quest of any other Senator in the body.
Mr. BAiARD. It has been repeatedly done.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is no answer to say that
it has been repeatedly done, as is suggested by
the Senator from Delaware. I suppose it has
been done to this extent, and this only: that
where a Senator had voted for a bill, and came to
the conclusion that he was probably mistaken in
his vote, and desired to reverse his action, the
Secretary has kept the bill back until the next
meeting of the Senate, to give him an opportunity
to move a reconsideration. The Senator from
Louisiana says perhaps that is his case. I tiust,
for his own reputation and the good of the coun-
try, that it is so. When a Senator comes to the
conclusion that he has voted wrong, he ought to
have the opportunity to enter a motion to recon-
sider. When a bill passes, and the Senate ad-
journs immediately, he may go at once to the
Clerk and say: t(T desire to enter a motion to re-
consider, and. I would like you to wait until one
o'clock to-morrow;" and 1 suppose the Clerk
would feel authorized to wait that long, simply
that he might have an opportunity of introducing
his motion. But when he comes in the next morn-
ing, and withholds the motion, refuses to make
it, perseveres in that refusal during that day and
another day, and comes the third day and will
not make his motion, has he aright, without even
saying that he is going to make it, to withhold
the bill from the House of Representatives, in de-
fiance of the order of the Senate? I think not.
But if the Senator from Louisiana be right in say-
ing that it is his right, under the rule, to enter the
motion to reconsider at any time within three
days, on the day of the passage of a bill, or with-
in two days thereafter, then it is clear that the
Clerk has no right to send the bill to- the House
of Representatives until after the three days ex-
pire. If it is the right of any member voting in
the majority to make the motion,, no written re-
quest is necessary. The written notice of the
Senator from Louisiana to the Clerk does not
give him any more right or power over this bill
than he would have had if he had not made it.
Ho cannot discharge the Secretary frame his obli-
, gation to perform his duty under the law and the
I rules, by carrying out the orderof the Senate. His
! note does not confer any additional authority oa
