1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1483
Senator from Illinois, who has been so extremely
anxious 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
views taken by the Senators, the Senator from
Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have nothing more
to say but to bear the evidence of my-*experience
here. I never before heard even the claim made,
much less the allowance of such a claim as is now
made by the Senator from Louisiana, that he has
a right, by his mere ipse dixit to the Clerk, to par-
alyze the action of the Senate for two days. I
never heard the claim made, much less allowed,
before.
Mr. SEWARD. I think it important that we
should understand this subject before it passes
away from us now; but I do not see any very
groat dilficulty in arriving at a correct conclusion
with regard to the practice which ought to pre-
vail, and which is contemplated by the rules. A
reconsideration may be of a measure which would
still remain in the Senate after the decision of the
Senate upon it. The action may not be final; the
judgment given may not be final. It is not there-
fore transmitted either to the House of Represent-
atives or to the President of the United States.
Such a matter may remain for two days within
the Senate, or for two months, or forever. The
rule contemplates, then, the reconsideration of
such interlocutory questions; but the same rule
provides for the reconsideration of questions
which may pass immediately, by order of the
Senate, beyond the control of the Senate; that is,
the final vote; and so, gathering and grooving
the two subjects into one, the rule provides for
the two cases, and at the same time fixes the lim-
itations subject to which the motion to reconsider
shall be made and take effect.
Now, I suppose that no motion for reconsider-
ation can be offered or requested by the honorable
Senator from Louisiana, or by any other Senator,
within two days, if, during that time, by another
order of the Senate, the matter is sent beyond its
control. The honorable Senator from Louisiana
thinks that no such order has, in fact, been made;
and he asserts his right upon the ground that al-
though the Journal shows such an order directing
this bill to be carried to the House of Represent-
atives, yet that the order has not, in fact, been
made. I think the honorable Senator will come
to the conclusion, on reflection, that he is errone-
ous in this view. The parliamentary law determ-
ines what shall be the effect of the votes on which
a division is made. The vote m this case was
that the Senate do not concur with the House of
Representatives in their amendment. The Clerk
embodies the sense of the Senate, thus expressed,
in parliamentary language:
Resolved^ That the Senate do not agree to the amend-
ments ; and
Tlpsnlrrd, That the Secretary be directed to communicate
the tact to the House of Repieaentauvoa.
That this is a solemn order of the Senate, just
as effective as if it were made in so many woids
and assented to in so many words, will be obvi-
ous from the fact that it is the manner in which
every such vote has always been expressed from
the beginning of the Government, and that if
such a vote has not, in fact, passed, then this
bill can never go to the House of Representatives,
oven after the three days have expired, unless an
actual order of the Senate, for that purpose, shall
be made. I think, therefore, that the Senator
from Louisiana is erroneous in supposing that
such an order has not been made, as the Journal
asserts has been made.
Now, in regard to the execution of that order,
I think it is clear that when an order of the Sen-
ate is made directly to the Secretary to perform a
duty, the effect of the order, the meaning, the
sense, the will of the Senate, is that it shall be
done immediately. That it is not to be done at
a future day, is clear. It must be intended to be
done at a future day or done now. If it is not to
be done now, and not to be done at a future day,
then it is to be done at the discretion of the Sec-
retary; and who supposes that the Senate of the
United States ever reposes 111 the Secretary, a
ministerial officer, a discretion so important as
that of deciding when he will communicate to the
President of the United States, or to the House
of Representatives, the will of this coordinate
branch of the Legislature ? It is, therefore, to be
done immediately.
Then the question is whether one Senator has
any right—I do not speak of things of codrtesy,
but whether one Senator has a right—to arrest
the action of the Senate? One Senator can do
nothing. One Senator is no authority known to
the Constitution and the laws. A noticc by him
to the Clerk is no official act. Nothing can be done
by the Senate of the United States, nothing can
be done in its name, but what is done by a ma-
jority of the Senate itself—that is, by the act of
the body. I suppose I need not inform the Senate
that any notice signed and served by the Senator
from Louisiana upon the Secretary, never entered
into the Journal, is no part of the proceedings of
the Senate; yet I need not inform the Senate that
the Senate transacts no business whatever that is
not recorded andsolem.ily entered in its Journals.
It is, therefore, very cleai to me that the Senator
has asserted a right which he cannot maintain;
and that the retaining a bill for a motion to recon-
sider which has been done sometimes, as has been
said by the honorable Senator from Kentucky, is
a practice entirely consistent with the more rigid
rule which I have insisted upon. The practice
stated by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
is this: if the Senate is about to adjourn to-day,
is to be no longer m session to-day, but will be
in session to-morrow morning, or next Monday
morning, or some other time, then the Secretary
does practically execute the order of the Senate
immediately if, instead of to-day at the closing
hours of this session, he does at an early hour of
the next session of this body, or the next session
of the House of Representatives, if it shall have
adjourned in the mean time, communicate the
action of the Senate to the House. I think it is
best that we should understand the rule, and have
it understood rightly, in oider that there may be
no sort of misapprehension, and so that the con-
sequences resulting from it may not be complained
of hereafter.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the Senator from
Delaware proceeds, I should like the Clerk to
read the order of Fiiday last from the Journal.
The Clerk read as follows:
" On motion of Mr. Grffin, that the Senate disagree to
the amendment, it was detcuumed in the affirmative—yeas
3;), nays 23. [The yeas and nays are given.]
" Ouineri* That the Seeietaiy notify the House of Rep-
ieseiit.itive> aecoidmgly."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to a question of order.
When the hour of one o'clock arrived the special
order was called for. The Chair asked the indul-
gence of the Senate to make an explanation,and
of course, I would not object to that. I have called
twice for the special oider, and I desire the decis-
ion of the Chair whether or not I am entitled to it.
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senate chooses to stop
the debate, I have not the slightestobjectinn; but !
I have heard it continued by other Senators with-
out objection. I know no reason why I should be
excluded from taking pait in it more than others.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I assure the Senator from
Delaware that my call for the special order was
not with any design to prevent him from being
heard, but I have called twice for it; and I am no-
tified on this side of the House that if this debate
be continued it will be lengthy. I am not willing
to sacrifice Minnesota under the circumstances,
when I am perfectly satisfied that the whole time
will be consumed fruitlessly. The privilege of j
holding the bill back exhausts itself to-day; and i
we shall spend the day and accomplish nothing j
if we go on with this debate. Therefore, I call :
for the special order. j
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that the hon- j
orable Senator from Michigan states that he made j
a motion that this bill be communicated forth- !
with—which the order does not in terms do—to |
the House of Representatives, and that that mo- i
tion is a privileged one. If it be so, beyond all
question I have the right to proceed, unless it is
the will of the Senate to take up the bill for the
admission of Minnesota. If it is, I am very in-
different about it. I do not desire, in this or any
other debate, to take up the time of the Senate :
when they would rather consider somethingelsc; J
but if the debate is to continue, I have a few re- ■
marks to make. Whatever is the will of the Sen-
ate, I am perfectly willing to submit to. I shall
not take long, however. If the honorable Senator
from Illinois moves to lay this matter on the table
to take up the Minnesota bill, I will yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Illinois to raise a ques-
tion of order?
Mr. DOUGLAS. My point is, that the special
order comes up at one o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. This being a privileged ques-
tion, takes precedence. A privileged question
being under debate at the time of the arrival of the
hour for the special order, it would not be super-
seded.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I submit the question of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk will
read the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to execute now
the order of the Senate, made on Friday last, directing hmi
to communicate to the Hou«e of Representatives the action
of the Senate on the amendment of the House to the hill
(S No. 16J) for the admission of Kansas as a State into the
Union.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the Senate that, when the hour of one
o'clock arrived, without examining the question
particularly, his impression was that the special
order superseded the motion under consideration.
Subsequent rt flection and examination satisfy the
Chair that all matters which have reference to
previous orders, or business connected with the
Senate obstructed by anything whatever, are priv-
ileged questions, and that this motion is a privi-
leged question^and overrides the special order of
the day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will avail myself of the
suggestion of the Senator from Delaware, if he is
willing, and move to postpone this matter, and
pioceed with the Minnesota bill. I believe the
day will be lost by going on with this debate.
We might as well save the day, and devote it to
Minnesota.
Mr. HALE. I have no disposition to debate
this question; but I think it had better be decided.
I have not the slightest feeling in this case; but I
think really it is an important question, a very
important question; one that we ought to settle.
I have objection to the view that was presented
by the Senator from Delaware, because he would
leave it a discretionary question with the Clerk.
I think the Clerk can have no discretion at all
about it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As T called the Senator from
Delaware to order, I must call the Senator from
New Hampshire to order. The Vice President
decided and ruled me down once or twice that a
question as to the priority of business was not
debatable. I must ask, therefore, for the Min-
nesota bill.
The PRESIDENT pro t-empore. Is the Senate
ready for the question?
Mr. HALE. I want the question of order de-
cided. What is it ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois moves to postpone the further con-
sideration of the privileged question, for the pur-
pose of taking up the Minnesota bill.
Mr. HALE. Is not that debatable ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is debatable.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Vice President ruled
me down twice, and decided that it was not de-
batable. It was on the Kansas question, when
I was trying to get an investigation into alleged
frauds; and I must insist on the same rule now
by which I was compelled to take my seat before.
I confess I thought the decision wrong, but I sub-
mitted.
Mr. BIGGS. I think the Senator from Illinois
is mistaken m regard to the ruling of the Chair.
This question is certainly debatable,but debatable
within a certain compass.
Mr. HALE. Exactly.
Mr. BIGGS. I think the Senator from Illinois
does injustice to the Vice President in supposing
that he ruled him down, and said it was not de-
batable at all. It is debatable; but debatable in
a particular way, within certain limits, not on the
merits of the questions proposed to be postponed
and taken up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It was said to be debatable
to this extent: that you must not discuss the
meiits; but the parliamentary law is, that it is not
allowable to discuss anything but the merits; and
I suppose that the two exclude nearly all the de-
bate there is here.
Mr. HALE. The Chair decides that I am in
order.
