1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2507
vote against the amendment. If they do, I wish
them to understand that then thoy will leave ex-
isting a large liability for a much larger amount,
and will probably involve six or seven hundred
thousand doilais. That will be the effect of vot-
ing it down.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I ha ve another amendment
from the Finance Committee as an additional
section:
Jind be it further enacted, That in addition to those now
authorized bv law, there niav be cmploved by the Secie-
taiy of the Treasury, in the office of the Register of the
Treasury, an additional cleik of the third class, and in the
office of the Treasurer of the Hinted States an additional
clerk of the third class; and such sum as 111:1 v he nece«sarv
to cariy mm effect the provisions' of thissection to the 30th
of June, 1859, is hereby appropriated.
These are the two clerks which wore asked for
in the loan bill, and which the Senate struck out.
I was not then so well informed on the subject as
I am now. Since then, I have seen the Secietary
of the Treasury, and 1 am convinced that these
clerks are necessary. The state of the case is
this: Oat of the contingent fund which was given
when the Treasury notes were allowed, he em-
ployed four temporary clerks. When Congress
adjourns, under a standing law, these temporary
clerks must be dismissed. He asks to retain two
out of the four as permanent clerks; and their
services are necessary in order to enable him to
execute the act in regard to the Treasury notes,
which we know have been issued and me to be
reissued, and also to execute the Joan bill, if it
should pass. I believe it is necessary. They are
the only clerks I have voted for this session, or
expect to vote for; but 1 think it would expose
the Department to a good deal of inconvenience
not to allow them.
Mr. IVERSON. Does the amendment limit
the time of their employment?
Mr. HUNTER, ft only makes an appropria-
tion up to the end of the next fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That so much of the act of the
3d of Mai eh, L845, "making appioprtanons for civil and
diplomatic expanse* of the Government lorthe yeai ending
the JOth of J tine, 15-18," as provides " that no parr of the
appiopnations for the contingent expenses of cither House
of Confess shall be applied as pa\ merit or conuieiwition to
any cleik, me^enser, or other assistant, emphned by icso-
Julioti of one of the said House4*," be, and the suim lMicie-
by. t epealed : and that such payments a> have been heteto-
fore made to perronsso employed, anei hem'.?approved and
ceitified hv the piopei committee ol eithei House, shall be
allowed <ti the Tieasury.
The explanation of that is this: there are clerks
in both IIousos who are employed under resolu-
tions of each House; those clerks have been heie-
tofore paid, since the passage of the law of 1845;
but the present Comptroller has decided that, un-
der that law, he cannot pay any clerk who has
been appointed by mere resolution, out of the con-
tingent fund. This is to repeal so much of the
law as interferes with what has been the practice
ever since that time, and without which we should
not be able to pay many of our employes in both
Houses. The accounts of the Secretary of the
Senate and Clerk of the House of Representatives
have been suspended, or rather the Comptroller
has refused to pass them, on that account.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have only one more amend-
ment from the Finance Committee:
Jind be it further enactcd, That the extra compensation
paid out of the contingent fund of the Senate, to the cleiks
of committees under the resolution ot tiie litli .March, 1857,
be allowed at the Trea&uiy.
That has been refused under this law, and if it
were extra compensation would have been prop-
erly refused; but I regard it not as extra compen-
sation but as an addition to the salaries of the
clerks of committees. We not only added to their
salaries but we passed a resolution to pay them
for their services during the extra session. Under
the law, I believe, they could have been paid
nothing without this resolution after the regular
session expired, but under the construction of the
law these clerks of committees cannot be paid that
compensation unless this provision be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have an amendment
from the Committee on Finance, which I offer at
the request of the Senator from Maryland, a mem-
ber of the committee, [Mr. Peauce,] who is out
at present, but he will be here in a moment. The
amendment is:
To enable the Secretary of the Tnterior to complete the
digest ot the statistics of manufactuies accoiding to the
returns of the seventh census, $3,500.
Mr. PEARCE. I will state to the Senate that
heretofore all the census tables have been com-
pleted, and indeed have been published, except
those which relate to manufactures. The tables
of agriculture, of population, and of vital statistics,
have all been completed and published. The \
tables of manufacturing products have only been '
completed m part. I think something like twenty !
or twenty-one States have been completed, anil j
for the rest there are very loose returns, simply j
sheets. They have not been collated and put in 1
tabular form. The plan originally was to have
the tables of all the returns prepared, exhibiting |
the counties of each State separately. That is not !
what is now proposed, but simply to prepare the j
returns so as to show by State sheets the products
of manufacturing industry in the different States;
nor is it proposed to publish them. We under-
stand that the editors of certain statistical works ;
would be very glad to get the material, if they 1
can bo furnished with it, and they can be furnished !
only by the Government preparing it, for it would
not trust it out of its hands, and it will take about :
three thousand five hundred dollars to do this. j
It seems to many of us desirable that these tables j
should be made, that we may have means of com- j
parison between the condition of the country in j
this respect at the period of the last census, and ;
at the period of the census which is to come. 1
This subject was called to our notice by a letter ■
from the Secretary of the Interior. I admit very ;
frankly that the Secretary does not press the ap-
propiiation of the money, but he states that it 1
will require $U,o()0 to do this work, and he rather
thinks u ought to be done. In conversation, he '
has expressed himself to me more strongly than ;
in the letter. It is a small affair, and I hope the j
Senate will have no objection to it. !
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I have some amendments to
offer from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia. The first is to come m after an amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, which has 1
already been inserted at line two hundred and ;
two, making an appropriation'of §3,000 tor the
repair of Pennsylvania avemre. My amendment
is to insert:
For graveling Pennsylvania avenue fiomthe Capitol m-
closure to Eleventh street east, $3,000
That is Pennsylvania avenue from the Capitol
to the Congressional Burying-Ground. I think
the Senators who passed over it on a late melan-
choly occasion must have observed that it was
almost in an impassable condition.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know where
this appropriation is to be applied?
Mr. BROWN. On Pennsylvania avenue, cast
of the Capitol.
Mr. HUNTER. It is hardly nccessary, it '
seems to me.
Mr. BROWN. I have no interestin it beyond
anybody else; but the street is almost m an im-
passable condition. All the improvements on it
heretofore have been made by the Government.
The city has never taken jurisdiction over it, and
Congress has never recognized its right to exer-
cise jurisdiction over it. The estimate was made
by the engineer under a resolution.
The amendment was rejected. ' ;
Mr. BROWN. I move another amendment
from the Distuct Committee, as additional sec-
tions:
Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
ComriHs&ioiicr of Pubn • ?3uiluni2s to cause ob-ttuetions of
every kind in he ; from such streets, avenues, and
sidewalks in the nr-- of Washington as have been, or inav
be heiealter, lmpiou-d 111 whole or m part by the United '
State-?, and to keep the same, at all times, fiee irom ob- .
stuictions; and, foi this purpose, he shall have power to
institute s-uus 111 any eoui t having competent juii-sdictiou
in the Di>tnct of (Juhwnbia; and its-hall be the duty of the -
distnet attorney lor 5-atd District to prosecute the same;
and whenevei any peison shall desire to remove the paving 1
stones, or to displace any other woik done by the authoiuy
of the United States, lor the purpose of laying pas pipo , or
for any othei putpose, it shall he the duty of such pei<on to
obtain a written peimit fiom the said commissioner; and
such person^ shall oblige themselves to replace the «aid wo.k '
to thesntislaeuon of the said commissioner, and within such
time as he iriav proscribe. !
«3w? be it further enacted, That if any person shall place
obotiuetion in the streets, avenues, or sidewalks aforesaid,
such person shall pay the costs of removing the same, and
shall, moreover, be subject to a penalty often dollars,to he
recovered ns other debts are iccovcred m the District of Co-
lumbia, for #*ach andeverv day thp said obstruction may re-
mam after the commissioner shall have given notice tbr its
removal. And if any person or persons removingthe pav-
ing stones or other work done by the authority of the Uni-
ted States, shall lail to replace the same to the satisfaction
of the commissioner, within the time prescribed by him, he
or they shall be subject to a penalty of twenty-five dollars
for each and every failure, and shall, moreover, pay the
costs of replacing the same, the whole to be recovered be-
fore any court in the Distuct of Columbia having competent
jurisdiction ; and that this and the preceding section shall
continue in force until repealed by Congress.
These two sections were passed during Hie last
Congress by an almost unanimous vote'here; in
fact, I believe, entirely unanimous. The explana-
tion is briefly this: Congress every year makes
appropriations to repair Pennsylvania avenue,
and to make other repairs. Every time people
are disposed to put down gas pipes, or to take
up the work for any purpose whatever, they do
it without any express permission of any one act-
ing under the authority of the United States, and
they replace it in a very slovenly way—do the
work badly, and the omnibuses and heavy vehi-
cles running overit presently get it all oat of re-
pair, and you are called upon to make appropri-
ations to put it in repair. These sections are de-
signed to require the work to be put back again
when it is taken up, and to give the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings the power to require
it to be done.
Mr. IIUNTER. This is very good legislation.
The only objection I have to it is, that it is inap-
propriate to this hill, and I am afraid to begin
with it.
Mr. BROWN. I think not. vWe are making
appropriations to repair Pennsylvania avenue,
and I shall move to reconsider the vote by which
the appropriations were made unless the work
can be protected by this or some other means; for
I have seen quite enough of this thing of putting
down work and taking it up and replacing it in a
slovenly manner.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. i have a little amendment to
come in at the end of the first section:
Por m.ikmc; neoc^-niy icpnit"' to the jail 111 W shin<iton
eitv, ami puuin;* Venetian blinds to the window?, the sum
ol
A Senator near me asks me what we have to do
with it. We have this to do with it: it contains
nobody but the piisouers of the United States;
the judges are appointed by the authoiity of the
United States; the prisoners are fed by the United
States; the jail was built by the United States.
Six hundred and forty dollars of this money is for
putting blinds to the windows; not for the accom-
modation of the prisoners, but to keep them from
exposing themselves in an unseemly manner to
persons pa^mg in the streets.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I have another amendment to
insei t at the end of the first section:
For the extension of the court house portion of the City
II.ill so ,i-5 to piovidc net.e->sary and suitable accommoda-
tions fen the ennnn.il r-oiut of the Distuct of ('olumbia,
$j;>,()0.): Proudetl, That no obligation shall be incurred, or
contract entered into, which looks to any increased appro-
pnation by the United States for said purpose.
The appropriation has been recommended by
the late Secretary of the Interior, Governor Mc-
Clelland, and by the present Secretary; has been
asked for by all the judges of all the courts in
Washington, and has been urged by some half a
dozen grand juries. The facts, as I understand
them, are these: whenever the circuit court of
the District of Columbia, and the criminal court,
have to sit at the same time, as frequently hap-
pens, one or the other is compelled to adjourn, to
give way, for the reason that both sit in the same
room. Within the last few months the criminal
court has been denied the privilege of holding its
sessions, and more than one hundred persons,
waiting foi trial, have been locked up in jail and
fed at the public expense. I suppose there are
not less than eighty or one hundred there now.
If the criminal court could have a room ofits own,
where it could hold perpetual sessions if the busi-
ness required them, this would not be. I trust,
therefore, that the amendment will pass.
Mr. HUNTER. At another time, when we
were not appropriating so largely as we are to
public buildings in Washington city, I would vote
for this; but at present, and in view of the appro-
