1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Toombs,
Senate.
ployes would determine, from this hour onward,
to countenance and encourage the labor of our
people, this would be the last revulsion in the
history of this country.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose, for I am anxious to conclude this ques-
tion, if we can, to-day, to enter into an elaborate
reply to the Senator from Rhode Island; but, in
order to show that the point of order which I raised
was well taken* I will refer to this provision in his
amendment:
" And upon such wholesale market pucc or value, to in-
clude the i'oieign eos-t, nil chutges, duties, and piofits, or so
much thereof as mav enter into arid become a part of such
wholesale market puce or value, the rates of duty must, by
the existing laws of the Uuiicd States at the tune of entry
of such importation upon eaeh article enumerated m such
invoice, shall be assessed and paid."
That is to say, we now impose the duty upon
the foreign value, upon the value at the place of
shipment, including all the charges of putting the
goods on board the ship there; and he proposes
that we shall levy the duty upon the market value
in New York, including the duty, the profits, the
freights, and all these charges. In other words,
his proposition is, upon all the high-priced sched-
ules, to raise the tariff, in some instances, I be-
lieve higher than it would have been in 3846.
Take, for instance, the thirty per cent, schedule,
and there are a large number of articles imported
in it. He would lay the thirty per cent, duty on
the duty, profits, and charges, so that he would
raise that more than nine per cent. He would
raise the thirty per cent., in that way, to some-
thing like forty.
Mr. SIMMONS. The articles that now pay
thirty per cent., under the tariff of 1846 paid, some
one hundred per cent, and some forty per cent.
Mr. H UNTF.R. Very well; but those articles
the Senator would raise to over forty per cent.,
because the addition would be nine on the duty
alone, to say nothing of the profits and charges.
On articles paying twenty-fourper cent, duty, he
would lay twenty-fourper cent, on that duty and
charges. That was reduced from thirty to twenty-
four per cent, and the result would be that he
would raise the duty beyond thirty per cent. On
articles now paying nineteen per cent., he would
lay the same duty upon the duty, profits, and
charges. So that upon all these high schedules,
and under these most of the importations are
made, he would increase the duty so as to put
them back to nearly where they were before. But
upon the low-priced schedules, those upon which
low duties were laid for the benefit of manufac-
turers, the increase would be haidly anything. On
the four per cent, schedule the increase would not
amount to one per cent. Thun he has introduced
a cunningly-devised scheme by which there is
hardly any increase on the articles which the man-
ufacturer wants, while on those upon which high
duties are laid, he gets a very large increase, and
so far as sugar and iron are concerned, it will be
worse for the consumer under this tariff if his
scheme be carried, than it was before; and yet
he talks about offering this proposition to prevent
frauds on the revenue. That is a question which
I do not wish now to go into; I do not wish to go
into that unless the Senate shall determine that it
is in order to offer such a proposition as this; but
I think if I did, ft would not be difficult to show-
that there are ten times, yea twenty times, the op-
portunities for frauds under such a scheme as this,
as there are under the old system. To undertake
to value a yard of cloth in New Orleans or in San
Francisco at what it would cost in New York, who
does not see the difficulties to which such a law
as that would subject the importer ? But into that
question I do not choose now to enter. It is
enough for me that this scheme proposes in effect
to raise the tariff very largely, that this is a meas-
ure to originate revenue, and I hope we shall have
the opinion of the Senate whether, under that
view, such a measure can be originated here.
Mr. TOOMBS. I feel myself constrained to
maintain the point of order raised by my honor-
able friend from Virginia; while, in the few ob-
servations I now intend making, I shall concur
very much in the policy proposed by the Senator
from Rhode Island. The Constitution says that
" all bills for raising revenue shall originate in the
House of Representatives; but the Senate may
propose or concur with amendments, as on other
bills." If this amendment should be added to
the bill for borrowing money, which I do not in-
tend to support, this would be the bill by which
file taxation of the country in the future would
be assessed and collected; and therefore it is a
bill for raising revenue. I have not been able to
bring my mind to the conclusion that a bill for
raising revenue means a bill for increasing the
revenue. They are different words, and they
mean different things. If a bill were introduced
into this body to levy one half the present duties
on imports, the objection would be just as good.
Suppose a bill were here introduced that all du-
ties now levied on imports should be reduced one
half, and all other laws on the subject repealed:
that would then be the only law by which taxa-
tion should be levied for the support of this Gov-
ernment; and hence it would be a bill for raising
revenue; it would be the only bill for raising rev-
enue; and it strikes me that is conclusive on this
point. I should be glad if this objection could be
got rid of on the present occasion; but this prop-
osition does raise revenue; it does repeal three or
four sections of the existing law.
Mr. SIMMONS. It does not repeal any sec-
tions.
Mr. TOOMBS. I thought there were certain
sections of the old law repealed.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. "Whatever it may be, whether
it repeals any portion of the existing law or not,
if it should be passed, it would be the bill by
which revenue would be assessed and collected.
The custom-house officer must be guided by this
rule prescribed by the supreme power for raising
taxes upon imports.
Mr. SEWARD. Only for part.
Mr. TOOMBS But the essential part. Now
my own opinion is that it will increase the reve-
nue, as the Senator from Vnginia says, on some
things, and diminish it on others; but I do not put
my objection on that ground. I cannot vote for
it as an amendment to this bill, because it is a
proposition to raise revenue. If it had nothing
to do with taxing the amount to be paid, and noth-
ing to do with the collection of the revenue, I
would go for it; but in its present shape I regard
it as a revenue bill, and it is as much a revenue
bill if it diminishes revenue as if it increases rev-
enue; and I am not able to see the distinction.
I am sorry that the question has struck me in
this light, because I have looked at it rather with
a view of being convinced on the other side; for
I am quite satisfied that the existing mode of levy-
ing the revenues of the country is improper. I
believe the views of the Senator from Rhodo Isl-
and on the point are correct. I am satisfied that
so far as our dutiable imports are concerned, we
lose duties upon about one hundred million dol-
j lars of goods a year. I should not mind that
' much if it was a real relief to the people; but it is
not. As duties are levied, say upon two thirds
of your dutiable articles, allowing one third for
undervaluation, that one third will be sold in the
market for the same price as the two thirds that
pay duty; and therefore it is no ease to the con-
sumer, the tax payer. It is a mere bounty upon
fraud, and, as such, I desire to defeat it; and I
| am willing to confess that I know of no mode
| that is so proper and so justas a home valuation.
| My honorable friend from Virginia says it will
i be a bad rule to adopt, for the valuation at New
' Orleans and San Francisco, the price at New
j York. I admit that is rather bad; but I suppose
j the main object of the Senator fiom Rhode Isl-
| and, in making that provision, was to meet ob-
j jections heretofore made. Some gentlemen from
| my section of the country supposed it in some
i form conflicted with the Constitution. I do not
' think so; but I was very glad that he adopted
' that rule to meet prejudice, and notargument; for
that is all there is m it. It was to meet false opin-
ions upon the great questions of revenue in the
past, that ought to be buried with the past,
j My reasons for supposing that the revenues of
, this country are defiauded to an enormous extent,
■ arc formed upon a few facts which I can state to
I the Senate in five minutes. It will appear by ref-
' erence to the table of the imports of this country
: for the last three years, that our exports have ex-
ceeded our imports'to the extent of $-28,000,000.
I That does not include the earnings of freight or
insurance, or profits upon commodities exported.
These are great elements, and they must amount,
I think, to twenty-five per cent., certainly not less
than twenty. That would give us, on theexpor-
tations of $307,000^000, at least $62,000,000 per
annum. Add that to the $28,000,000 of excess of
exports, and there are $90,000,000 per annum
that our imports.are short of our exports. There
are but two ways of accounting for this. Have we
been doing an unprofitable business in exporting
our commodities ? I say wc have not. On what
basis do I say so? During this year, by looking
at your tables of exchanges between this country
and all the nations of the earth, you will find that
the exchanges have been in our favor, and chiefly
with the great commercial nation from whom we
import the most, England. That is a business
which my own pursuits in life have led me closely
to examine, because I have a personal interest
in it. During all this time, exchange between us
and England has been below par. This conclu-
sively shows that we have not done an unprofit-
able business. The commodities valued at our
own ports, sent abroad, have sold for more in
foreign ports than they were valued at home.
This is evidenced conclusively 6y the state of the
exchanges. That no man can gainsay.
What are the only two elements that can effect
this result? Wc are sometimes told that we have
sent our bonds abroad; they do not appear in the
exports, and if they did they would enlarge the
exports, and, therefore, make a greater difference
than the state of the tables, ds now presented at
the Treasury Department, shows. The dollars
we borrow do not appear in the exports, but ap-
pear in the imports; because we bring back the
value of these bonds in gold and silver, or m com-
modities; and, therefore, every dollar we borrow
should appear m the imports, though it does not
in the exports. There is but one other element
to interfere with this calculation of mifte, and that
is the interest which we paid abroad upon pre-
vious loans. If our borrowing abioad for these
three years was only equal to the interest we paid
in the three years, that account ought to be bal-
anced. That it is greatly more, is very clear;
because that is subject to another element. All
the bonds that have been sent abroad, at a period
of revulsion, come home for a market whenever
they arc higher in New York than in London,
because they are the cheapest mode of remittance.
These elements I throw out, and I merely take
nakedly from the reports of the Secretary of the
Treasuiy for the last three years the exports and
imports of commodities, leaving out the bonds
and interest m regard to which, as I have already
shown, the balance would be entirely in favor of
our own country; that is, we have borrowed more
than the amount of our interest on previous loans.
I wish it was not so, but it is the truth. Then our
imports for the last three years have shown a dif-
ference of $28,000,000, or about $10,000,000 per
annum in our favor. I state it m round numbers
lather than exact figures. For the years 1854,
1855, 1856, and 1857, the exports amounted to
$1,339,000,000, averaging $309,000,000 per an-
num; and the imports to $1,243,000,000, averaging
$310,000,000. In 1854the balance is rather against
us. But take the three years 1855,1856, and 1857:
in 1855 the imports were $261,000,000, and the
exports $275,000,000; in 1856, the imports were
$314,000,000, and the exports $327,000,000; in
1857, the imports were $360,000,000, and the ex-
ports $363,000,000. These three years show a dif-
ference of $28,000,000—a surplus of that amount
that wc have had, exclusive, as I before observed
of the earnings of freight and insurance, and the
profits on the exports. Put these at twenty per
cent., and we should have above $60,000,000 be-
sides the $10,000,000 per annum, making a total
of $70,000,000 a year that our exports have ex-
ceeded our imports; and therefore if we bought
the same amount in the foreign country, there
ought to have been $70,000,000 more imported
than exported, or the trade was a disastrous one,
and would ruin the country if it was followed; but
I have shown that it was a good trade, because
the exchanges were in our favor. Now, what be-
comes of the $70,000,000 a year? I want to know
if there are not other elements that do not appear
in the tablesexcept those I have stated—loans and
interest abroad? and I would ask my honorable
