1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
decides, that the Senator from New Hampshire is
in order.
Mr. HALE. I think that is a very correct de-
cision, sir. [Laughter.] I was going to say that
this question ought to be decided, because, al-
though I have not the slightest feeling in this
•matter, and do not care if you keep this Kansas
lull here until the day of adjournment, I think
that the practice is an important one in reference
to the transaction of the business of the Senate.
1 object to the view presented by the Senator from
Delaware, although I agree in the general scope
' of his remarks, in that it leaves a discretion to the
Clerk. He says that now, when public business
is not pressing, and no immediate danger can ac-
crue, the Clerk may well retain the bill; but that
near the close of the session, when the public busi-
ness might be impeded, and a bill might be lost,
under those circumstances, the Secretary would
not be justified in retaining a bill. All that may
be very true; but I object, and I call upon the
Senate, at this stage, to put their vote of disappro-
bation upon the suggestion of a practice which
will leave the Senate not subject to its own rules,
or its own discretion, but subject to the discretion
of the Clerk. I object to it altogether. He has
no discretion, and ought to have none, and can
have none. He sits there as the mere recording
agent of the Senate, to record what they do, ana
to execute their orders.
Mr. BIGGS. I rise to a question of order. As
1 was on the side of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire just now, contending that he had a right to
debate this motion within certain limits, I am not
to be understood as saying that general debate is
in order. I did not understand the Chair to rule,
and I do not understand it to be in order to dis-
cuss the merits of the proposition that is proposed
to be postponed. Any reason why you should
postpone one and take up another is competent;
but it seems to me out of order to discuss the merits
of the question proposed to be postponed, as was
ruled by the Vice President, in the case to which
the Senator from Illinois alluded.
Mr. HALE. I will take the ruling of the Chair
upon that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like the decision of
the Chair on this question, for I have suffered
under the decision to which I alluded this year
considerably. I only wish to know what the law
is, and then I will abide by it, whatever it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I was not pres-
ent when the Vice President ruled the Senator
from Illinois out of order, on the day to which he
alludes. I am not conversant with that ruling of
his. If any Senator present will state to me what
was ruled on that occasion, I am inclined very
much to be governed by it; but I happened not to
be in the Senate then.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I contended that a motion
to postpone and take up opened both questions
to discussion, so that you could show one to be
more important than the other; but it was held
otherwise; and on two occasions I was required
to take my seat under that decision. It was said
that I could simply make a suggestion that it was
important to take up one bill at once, but that I
must not go into a discussion of the merits of the
questionatall. I might makeasimple suggestion
and explanation of the importance of -immediate
action, but I must not discuss the question on its
merits. I had to submit, and I did it with a good
grace. I did not complain of the Chair then,
though'I thought the decision was wrong. I shall
not complain of the Chair now, whatever it may
decide, but my object is to find out what the law
is, so as to keep within it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is no easy
matter to limit the scope of debate when a ques-
tion is opened to discussion. It is morea matter
for the sense of the Senate, and especially for the
Senator himself who is speaking, to limit himself,
than for the Chair to determine whether he trans-
cends the proper bounds. I would say that the
Senator from New Hampshire, so far as he pro-
ceeded in his observations, seems to me to be in
order.
Mr. HALE. I coincide with the suggestion of
the honorable Senator from North Carolina. I
think his limitation is right, and I am going to
keep strictly within that. I am going to suggest
to the Senator from Illinois, that there is no good
system that goes on without exceptional cases. I
think that his demonstration on the other side of
the House on that question, under the circum-
stances, made an exceptional case, and there
might possibly have been an administration of
the rule, entirely consistent with the strictest in-
tegrity on the part of the Presiding Officer, a lit-
tle more stringent than would be applied under
the ordinary routine of our every day business.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, I was going to say that the practice
which is attempted to be substituted now is im-
portant to be decided at this time—I address my-
self to the Senator from North Carolina—because
we want to have a rule established that shall en-
able the Clerk to determine what to do with the
Minnesota bill when it shall pass, if I, voting
for it, should ask him to keep it here three days.
It is important to have the point decided now.
The Senator from North Carolina will see that I
am strictly within the letter and spirit of his rule.
It is therefore that I proceed now to say that I think
the suggestion of the Senator from Delaware is a
dangerous one, that would leave any discretion
with the Secretary,and when I say that 
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator proba-
bly misapprehended me.
Mr. HALE. Ihopeldid.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Illinois called me to order in the discussion of
this question before I delivered my opinions, and
the Senator from New Hampshire takes the floor
and places them on a very different basis than I
did.
Mr. HALE. I never made a bargain in legis-
lative business in my life; but I will sit down and
hear the Senator from Delaware gladly, if he will
get up and make his speech. If not, I will go on.
I say it is important to have this question settled
now, for the reason that we want a rub adopted
that shall guide the Clerk hereafter; and when I
say that nothing should be left to the discretion
of the Secretary, I wish tc be understood as not
raising the slightest objection to the individual
who is Secretary, because I have as much confi-
dence in his judgment, in his discretion, and in
his integrity, as I have in that of any member of
the body. It is simply an objection to the office.
I say that the discretion should not bo lodged
there. He should have none; by the rule he has
none, hut the discretion belongs to the body. Any
construction of the rule that leaves it discretion-
ary with the Secretary whether he will carry a
bill to the House to-day or to-morrow, or two
days hence, at his pleasure, puts the Senate under
the feet of the Secretary, and makes liim the
power to determine what the Senate ought to keep
in their own hands; that is the direction and con-
trol of their own business; and any construction
of the rule which goes to that extent must be a
vicious one, and cannot be sustained.
Now, sir, I have no objection to its being the
general understanding of the Senate that any Sen-
ator voting in the majority may go and ask the
Secretary to keep a bill three days, and let it stay
here. I will not complain of it; and I would not
j complain if it was carried even further than that,
j and you were to allow a person voting in the ma-
I jonty to go to the Clerk and say, " I mean to
j make an appeal to some of my friends in thema-
\ joiity and ask them to reconsider that vote, and
I desire you to keep the bill here for that pur-
pose." If you make that the construction of the
rule, I have no objection to it, but I want it to be
a fixed rule. I do not wanta man there at the Sec-
retary's desk when a Senatorcomes up who may
be in the majority, who may be in a very large
popular majority, to exercise a discretion that lie,
perhaps, will not feel himself at liberty to exer-
cise when a Senator of an obnoxious minority
comes up. It is putting the. Secretary in an un-
pleasant and awkward predicament, and one in
which he should not be left. He should not have it
in his power to grant a favor to one Senator which
he may feel himself at liberty to withhold from
another; but the operation of the rule should be
uniform. Either he should carry the bill, or he
should not carry it; either he should retain it, if
a Senator wishes him to do so, or he should not;
but if he does, that should be a rule; or else if a
Senator on that side of the House comes and asks
the Secretary to-day to retain a bill three days,
he may say, "Yes, I will;" and a week or a
month hence we may pass the Minnesota bill,
and I may vote with the majority, and I may go
and say to the Secretary, " retain that bill three
days." He may reply, " I do not know about
that; the business of the session begins to be
pressing, and I do not think if will be safe; I can-
not grant your request, Mr. Hale. It is true, I
did grant one four, weeks ago, but the circum-
stances ar% changed." Now, does not every
member of the body see how vicious such a con-
struction of the rule would be, and m what an
awkward and unpleasant predicament it would
place the Secretary, when it would be in his dis-
cretion to grant a favor or withhold it? It is for
this reason, without the slightest feeling upon the
subject, and without the slightest care how you
decide it one way or the other, that I do think that
now the question is here, it ought to be decided,
and there ought to be a construction which shall
be uniform in its operation for all Senators and
for all the session.
Mr. BAYARD. I will endeavor to place my
views of the construction of this rule before the
Senate. I am not aware that any construction
has ever been given to it by the Senate; and I <fe-
sire, briefly as I can, to place it on such grounds
as satisfy my own judgment, at any rate. The
question now before the Senate is on the motion
made by the honorable Senator from Michigan,
that the Senate direct their disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the Kansas bill to
be communicated to the House of Representatives
forthwith. The question is, as it ought to be in
all cases under these circumstances, for the will
of the majority to decide whether they see fit to
do so or not. There is no positive rule of the
Senate which requires that any measure shall be
communicated to the other House the moment it
has passed the Senate. The parliamentary usage
is, of course, that the officer of the Senate com-
municates it as soon as conveniently may be.
There must be time for engrossing the bill, or
resolution, or whatever it may be; and, in the
performance of that duty, a discretion must be al-
lowed, and always is allowed. The more import-
ant measure will often be hurried, where the less
important one will be engrossed later, though the
two bills might pass on the same day. There
must be a reasonable discretion.
Then the next point which arises is, whether
there is anything unreasonable in the discretion;
whether, when you have a rule extending the
parliamentary right of reconsideration, but at the
same time limiting its exercise to three days of
actual session, it is an abuse of the rule to retain
a hill at the request of a Senator for that period
of time within which a motion to reconsider may
be made, though the bill may be engrossed. I
can see no danger in such a discretion, because it
is always competent for a Senator, if he thinks a
bill ought to be communicated at once, to make
a motion for that purpose, as has been done in
this case by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan; and then, of course, the witl of the majority
of the Senate will prevail. The presumption al-
ways must be, that the Senate will be governed
by a regard for the public interests.
The old parliamentary law was, that a motion
to reconsider could be made at any time, provided
the bill or resolution remained in the possession
of the body which passed it. There was no lim-
itation of time at all; but the motion could not be
made after the bill or proposition had passed out
of the possession of the body. Such a motion
cannot be made here after the subject-matter has
passed out of the possession of the Senate; but
the rule has a double effect: it fixes a distinct
limitation of time within which a motion to re-
consider must be made, and it also requires that
it shall be made while the bill remains in the pos-
session of the body. Both are requisite under
the rule. It is the duty of the Secretary, without
any positive written rule, butunderparliamentary
order, within a convenient time after a bill has
passed, to communicate it to the other House.
There is no order prescribed for doing this; there
is no rule which requires bills to be communi-
cated to the House of Representatives in the or-
der in which they pass the Senate. That is in
the discretion of the officer. If he abuses and
perverts his discretion, he is responsible to the
Senate for mal-administration of his duty; not
otherwise; and it is in our power to say whether
he has performed his duties faithfully or not. It
is in the power of the majority always to require
him to act. There must, however, be a discre-
