446
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
friend from Virginia if he knows of any other ele-
ment thatwotild disturb the calculation?
Mr. HUNTER. There is another one which
I believe does disturb it* that is, smuggling.
Mr. TOOMBS. That may be; but I have looked
upgn smuggling asavery small item,considering
the force we have in the revenue department; and
I am sure, if they work faithfully, there ought to
be but little of that. I have no doubt, however,
there is some of it.
Mr. CAMERON". I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Georgia that the foreign valuation makes
up the difference.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am coming to that point;
that is the basis of my argument. I say we are
cheated to the extent of $70,000,000 a year; and
I want all the elements my friend from Virginia
can give me. What will he allow for smuggling?
Twenty million dollars a year on the foreign val-
ues I think would be a very fair estimate for smug-
gling.
Mr. COLLAMER. It depends on what you
call smuggling, is it this cheating ?
Mr. TOOMBS. No; by smuggling, I mean
illicit trade brought in by going mound the cus-
tom-house. No doubt a great deal of it is done
in Vermont, [laughter;] and the Senator ought to
be acquainted with it, as he represents a frontier
State.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is very little of it
since the reciprocity treaty.
Mr. TOOM.BS. I should suppose there would
nave been more. The greatest objection I had to
the reciprocity treaty, was that it would inciease
smuggling; but I confess I have always had a
rather tender regard for the smuggler. I thought
that, as we brought in ail the products of Canada
free, the manufactures of England and other coun-
tries might be brought in through Canada; and I
have no doubt that treaty, instead of diminishing,
has increased the facilities for smuggling; because,
when you open trade with a country, and bring
in a great many articles free, it is very easy to put
illegitimate articles with the legitimate; 1 have no
doubt, with no practical information on the sub-
ject, simply reasoning, that theie is more smug-
gling than before. I counted that in when I voted
for the treaty; and, by the way, I would remark
that I find, from the developments of open session
here, that very few voted for that treaty, though
it got a two thirds vole in the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. There is nothing to be smug-
gled now.
Mr. TOOMHS. British manufactures that are
subject to aduty of thirty percent, would pay for
smuggling, I think. I have given the bUit<*ment
of diffeK'nee between the exports and imports,
And I believe I have left out none of the elements
of the calculation; but I should be glad if any
eouid be suggested. Deducting #20,000,(100 for
smuggling, it would leave $50,000,000 as the
extent of undervaluation. I believe it reaches
$100,000,000.
There is another very important element we
ought to consider. In the three or four hundred
million doilais of imports there is a very iaige
amount of specie and other articles that do not
pay duty, and they, of course, will not be smug-
gled. There is no reason for smuggling any ar-
ticle that does not pay duty; while, on the other
hand, there is a motive for increasing Us valua-
tion. if a merchant, who wants to sell an article
that he impoits free of duty, can make the pur-
chaser believe that he gave a great price for it
abroad—as, for example, coffee in Rio Janeiro, or
tea in China—he can sell better; and the fraudu-
lent man is more apt to put his invoices on free
articles up than down. The greatest smuggling
will, of course, be m regard to those goods pay-
ing the highest duties, except as this is controlled
by the facility of smuggling. Of course, a man
would smuggle more jewels at ten per cent, than
sugar at thirty, because jewels are more easily
secreted; but that is the only abatement of the
principle which 1 lay down, that the great body
of the undervaluation is upon the highest and most
convenient dutiable goods.
Among our imports there are some articles
very little liable to undervaluation, iron, that is
brought in by the bonds to which I have alluded,
is very little liable to it, because a price current
somes with every steamer; the iron men in Eng-
land are in the habit of getting together and fixing
the price for thirty days ahead; there is a com-
bination among them. But when you come to
textile fabrics, spirits, and wines, where the pric^.
cannot be readily ascertained, where it requires
skill, and that skill even is defeated by the cir-
cumstances of a voyage—for I have been told by
importers that wines get drunk as well as those
who use them, and this makes very great difficulty
in detecting their real value—the case is different.
Taking all these elements into consideration, the
deficiency is upon goods which bear the highest
duty, and the tables show it cannot be less than
fifty millions, and I think, on fair principles, it
might be shown to be $100,000,000.
How are we to prevent it? What is the best
means? It is notorious to every well informed
man, that, as a general rule, there are two invoices
sent with every cargofroma foreign country. Cus-
tom-house oaths have become a proverb. Every-
body knows that you can buy wines from the best
cellars in France, for as little money, in New
York, as you can in France; and I presume they
would not follow the business unless they made
money somewhere.
There is another element in reference to ad va-
lorem duties, as laid by the act of 1816, which
makes undeivaluation greatly to the detriment
of your own traders. For instance: a man will
go to Oporto and buy wines, say at fifty dollars a
pipe. He buys them of a merchant in Oporto and
ships them in a vessel at that pi ice. Probably the
same vessel will carry the same description of
wine valued at twenty-five dollars a pipe. Why?
it is true U did not cost the merchant in Oporto
more than twenty-five dollars: he paid that to the
grower, and he pays only half the duty of an
honest merchant of this country, who buys his
wme there at fifty dollars a pipe. I know of no
means on earth, even on the broadest principles of
free trade, by which this can be prevented, except
by putting the duty upon the value at the place
whei o imported. That can be tested. You have
your prices em rent m New Yoi k, Savannah, San
Francisco, New Orleans. It takes but a moderate
degree of honesty to tell what a thing will sell for
in the market among merelunfs and traders, if
there is any better plan than to {Hit the valuation
on the article at the place of importation, I do not
know it; but if my friend fiom Virginia can sug-
gest a better one that will defeat the frauds, i shall
go for it. i have shown from the tables that there
are fiauds—frauds greatly to the detriment of the
honest trader; frauds greatly to the detument of
the Government revenue, and not m ease and favor
of the people. I might put up with the frauds if
they only cheated the honest trader or only cheated
the Government, especially the latter. I might be
reconciled to them if they benefited the people;
but they do not benefit the people. If a man who
imports one hundred hogsheads of sugar, under-
values the importation to the extent of fifty per
cent., so that he actually pays duty on but fifty,
the whole hundred will bring the same pi ice in the
maiket uecessauly; and theicfoie the people are
not benefited; the Government is not benefited;
but the ruin of the honest trader is effected. 1
want to defeat that. When you levy taxes of five,
or ten, or twenty per cent., as long as you lay du-
ties on imports, I want them levied fairly and
honestly.
i admit that the argument used hy my friend
from Rhode Island is a very good one. Believing
myself that the best way of levying the levenues
of this Government is by indirection—by duties
on impoits and not by direct taxation; and in
that I agtee with my honorable friend from Vir-
ginia; for, like him, i do not wish to resort to any
other mode than indirect taxation. I consider the
principle of the act of 1846, as I declared in a
speech I made in the House of Representatives
when it passed, was to discriminate for the pro-
tection of the industry of the country; and as far
as that bill did it, it met my approbation then,
and does now. I would levy twice the duty on
sugar that I would on colFee, because coffee is not
raised m this country. I would levy duty on an
article raised by my own countrymen. In laying
taxes for revenue, i would rather do it so as to
benefit my countrymen than put them on what
would not benefit them. These are the principles
I have acted on through life. I have read and
studied this question as thoroughly as I am capa-
ble of, and these are my opinions to-day.
Well, have you a better mode than home valu-
ation? f think this is a fair mode. As to the small
difference there might be in selling goods in New
York and San Francisco, I do not attach much
importance to it. The Senator from Rhode Island
has endeavored to get rid of an objection in that
respect, and I should like to have it got rid of if
possible. It is rather a bungling mode I admit;
but I do not believe it is possible to avoid diffi-
culty on that point. Whether it can be done or
not, fixing the price of the articles according to
their value at the place sold is the only mode I
have been able to elaborate, or have heard from
others, which will correct this great evil to the
honest trader, to the public revenue, or to the
people; and therefore 1 am in favor of it.
liencc I say that I regret that I cannot support
thisamendmentnow, because I believe it is a prop-
osition to raise revenue which this body is pre-
vented from originating by the terms of the Con-
stitution. I am willing to admit that the reasons
do not exist to-day; but if my ancestors made a
provision in the Constitution upon a reason that
has passed, I must stand by it as it is. I am well
aware of the reasons which led to the insertion of
this clause in the Constitution, but they have no
application to this country, though our ancestors
did not think so. Their idea was taken from the
best friends of British hbeity, that inasmuch as
the Commons were the people who paid the taxes,
they wanted to keep the purse-strings always in
the hands of the Representatives of the people,
and not with the Lords, or the Crown, and they
adhered tenaciously and wisely in their day and
generation, and considering their form of Govern-
ment, to that principle; but in a republican Gov-
ernment like ours, where I am as much a repre-
sentative of the people as any man who sits in the
other House, elected by them, interested with
them, standing foi them, the icason has ceased;
but the law exists. Acting upon fallacious ideas,
the fiamers of the Constitution put down this rule
for me. I intend to observe it, whatever may be
the consequences. Inasmuch as I was compelled
to support my honorable friend from Virginia,
though in favor of the amendment or principle of
my fuend from Rhode Island, 1 have deemed it
necessary to say what I have said, that I might
not be misconstrued. I was very much obliged
to my honoiable fuend from Kentucky, who in-
troduced the proposition at an early period of the
session, and to my friend from Rhode Island for
pressing it, and i only wish they had brought it
here through that Department of the Government
to which it is properly consigned by the Constitu-
tion.
Now, a word in reference to the question of
expenditure, and I shall no longer detain the Sen-
ate. I stated that I would not vote for this bill.
Why ? I approve the policy which is laid down
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and I intend to
follow it, and it is because I do approve it that I
svill not support this loan. I do not intend to vote
for the appropriations demanded by the Depart-
ments, and therefore I will not raise the money.
Those gentlemen who intend to vote for the ap-
propriations, however, may very well vote for
this measure. I consider it no statesmanship, I
consider it dishonorable for me to vote for esti-
mates here to support the Government, and then
to refuse to raise the ievenue necessary by loans
or taxation, and to go about through the country
and stickle about economy. I will act upon no
such principle for myself. I will vote to raise by
taxation, or by loans, every dollar that I will vote
to spend; and,ordinarily, I will vote to raise what
my fellows do, until they have transcended a prin-
ciple I lay down for my action, and which I now
desire briefly to state.
When the tariff of 1857 was passed, the reve-
nues from customs weie $63,000,000 a year. In
a speech which I made in the place where I now
stand, in favor of the bill which received the
vote of every man in this body but eight—the
Republican, the Democrat, the outsider, all sup-
posed it except eight—I avowed that it would
reduce the revenues §15,000,000, and they be-
ing then §63,000,000, that would bring them to
$48,000,000. That was the avowed principle of
the supporters of that measure. My own opin-
