1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
tion in the -performance of these ministerial du-
ties, always subject to be corrected by the body,
on the motion of any Senator who thinks pre-
cedence has been given in the engrossmen t or com-
munication to the other House of one bill of less
public importance than another.
Under these circumstances, the rule of the Sen-
ate being that within a reasonable, limited time,
a member may move a reconsideration, (and if
you think that time too long, shorten it,) I can
sec no impropriety whatever in allowing; him to
request the Secretary, or the Presiding Officer, if
you please, not to send the bill to the other House,
as he intends to move, or probably may move, or
has not made up his mind whether he will yet
move a reconsideration or not. The time allowed
him for that purpose is three days; and if there
is no public exigency that requires a bill to be sent
to the House of Representatives at once, I think
it is a reasonable discretion to leave it to the offi-
cer, on that request being made, to refrain from
communicating the bill forthwith. That he shall
so communicate it is not required by any order of
the Senate. The parliamentary rule is, that it
shall be done within a convenient time. There is
no specific time fixed. It may be done on the same
day, or upon any subsequent day. Thatdepends
upon the press of public business, and the relative
character and im'portance of the bill. In other
words, it is a reasonable discretion; the bill is to
be sent within a reasonable time.
Looking, then, to the rule, it seems to me there
is neither danger of abuse nor injury to the rights
of anybody. VVhon a member says to the Secre-
tary, <£ I wish that bill retained," I presume he
would always retain it. Such has been the prac-
tice heretofore. Since 1 have been in the Senate,
I have known repeated instances of that kind,
where bills have been retained, not at my request,
but at the request of others. On the other hand,
I have known applications made to the Secretary
to expedite the engrossment of particular bills,
with a view to have them sent to the other House
at once on account of their public importance or
pressing character. If there was any abuse on
the part of the officer, any partiality practiced,
growing out of a preference for particular mem-
bers, or from other causes, all that would be in
the control of the Senate, and the abuse could not
go to any extent that would not be controlled. It
comes back then, practically, to this result: a
member may request the Secretary not to send a
particular bill to the other House at once; he does
not do it as an absolute right; he only effects in
this way that which he could efFecl by a motion
to reconsider; and then, if it is the will of the
majority that the bill shall lie until the three days
expire, very well; but, at the same time, it is in
the power of a majority of the Senate to decide
that it shall be sent at once. On the subject being
brought before them, it is for the Senate to say
whether they will allow the bill to be retained for
the full time within which a Senator may make
a motion to reconsider, in order to give him an
-opportunity to determine whether he will make
the motion.
I see no danger of abuse in allowing the officer
of the Senate, under the-rule of the Senate, to
exercise the discretion at the request of a Senator,
if reasonable, the public business not interfering,
of not sending a bill at once, because that is not
his imperative duty. IIis duty is to send it as
soon as convenient, and it is only conveniently
delayed if it is withheld in accordance with the
request of a Senator for the time allowed in the
rule, every other Senator being at liberty to move
that the bill be communicated forthwith, as has
been done in this case by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, and then the will of the majority
prevails.
Then the question arises whether there is any
such public necessity as requires the request of
the honorable Senator from Louisiana to be over-
ruled on the motion of the honorable Senator
from Michigan, and the disagrcementof the Sen-
ate to the House amendment to be communicated
before the time allowed under the ordinary rule
of the Senate for a reconsideration has expired.
I do not ask the Senator from Louisiana to say
that he will move a reconsideration; I do not
think you have a right to ask that. Unless you
think public exigency or public utility requires
that the vote of the Senate should be at once com-
municated, it would certainly be discourteous to
say to the Senator, " Well, sir, have you made
up your mind?" He replies, " I announce no
determination to you on that; I only ask that 1
shall have the privilege that belongs to every
Senator, to move a reconsideration within three
days; and if it is the will of the majority of the
Senate that I shall have that privilege within the
three days, the majority will grive it to me." If
we had communicated the bill to the House of
Representatives, and he should make the motion
to reconsider within three days, we could send a
message to the House of Representatives recall-
ing the bill. Practically, I think under this con-
struction of the rule it comes to the same point;
and the majority of the Senate will decide. I will
not assume in any case that the majority would
give one member privileges that do not belong to
another; but I take it for granted that the major-
ity of the Senate will always exercise their dis-
cretion—which they have a right to do—of decid-
ing whether it is proper that any measure voted
upon in the Senate shall be communicated in one
day, or two days, or three days, to the House of
Representatives. That is in the discretion of the
majority, and it is a legiiimate discretion; quite
as much so as the passage of the bill itself.
1 do not admit that a Senator has any right to
require the Secretary to keep back a bill; and if
the officer declined to retain the bill, he could have
made his motion to the Senate that the bill should
be retained, and the majority, then, would have
determined it. If, on the request of the Senator
from Louisiana, he has retained the bill on the
ground that it is not an unreasonable request to
delay it for the period of time within which are-
consideration may be moved, I can sec no wrong
or impropriety on the part of the officer. If it be
considered to be a misjudgmcnt, any Senator can
make a motion that the bill be communicated at
once, and then the will of the majority must de-
termine the matter; and after all it comes to that,
the majority will control the business of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. IVERSON. I am not disposed to carry
on this discussion further. I wish to know if it
is the pleasure of the Senate to take up the Min-
nesota bill? I move to lay this motion of the
Senator from Michigan on the table for the pres-
ent, so that we may proceed with the Minnesota
bill. If it is not laid on the table, I desire to dis-
cuss it.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. I insist that the Senator from
Michigan reduce his motion to writing.
Mr. STUART. It was in writing some time
ago.
Mr. GREEN". Then I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Oidercd, That the Sccretaiy be directed to execute now
the oidf'i of Uio Senate, made on Friday last, dnccting him
to communicate to the House of Representatives the aenon
of the Senate on the amendment of the House to the bill
(S. No. 16J) lor tiie admission ol Kansas as a State into the
Union.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS?—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigg«, Bigler,
Bright, Biown, Clay, Fitch, Fitzpalrick, Green, Gwm, Ham-
mond, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Aikansa^, Johnson of
Temie-^ee, Jones, Kennedv, Malloiy, Polk, PugU, Sebas-
tian, Slide!!, Wnght, und Yulee—28.
NAYS—Brodenck, Cameion, Chandler, Clark,
Collamcr, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohftle, Douglas, Durkee,
Fe.shcnden, Foot. Fo-stci, Hale, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Houston,
King, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—24.
So the motion was laid on the table.
Mr. STUART. I now call the attention of the
Chair to the Manual, page 79, where will be
found these words:
The only case where a member has a right to insist on
anj thing, is where he calls for the execution of a subsisting
order ot the House. Iieie, there having been already a res-
olution, any person has a right to insist that the Speaker, or
any other whose duty it i*, shall carry it into execution; and
no debate or delay can be had on it. Thus, any member
has a nsibt to have the Ilou^e oi gallery cleared of strangers,
an oider existing for that purpose, or to have the House told
.when theie id not a quoium present."—2 Hats. 87-129.
This is an order of the Senate, and I insist that
it shall be executed.
Mr. IVERSON. Is that question debatable?
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I protest against the
execution of this order. I deny that there is any
order to send this bill to the House of Represent-
atives before the expiration of three days.
Mr. GREEN. I inquire if the order specifics
any time within which it shall be executed?
Mr. PUGH. I believe there is no question fee-
fore the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A question is
made by the Senator from Michigan
Mr. PUGH. That i"S a demand by the Sena-
tor from Michigan on you, sir, with which you
can comply or not, I suppose, as you consider
the Senator's authority. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen«
ator from Michigan make a request of the Pre-
siding Ofiiccr?
Mr. STUART. If the Chair will turn his at-
tention to the page of the Manual 1 have men-
tioned, he will sec that I have a right to insist
that the order of last Friday shall be executed
without debate or delay.
Mr. PUGH. My motion is to proceed with
the special order. I presume the President will
do what he thinks is his duty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The Chair
will remark to the Senator from Michigan thatm
the absence of any familiarity with the rules, the
Chair would regard the vote of the Senate recently
taken, as instructing him upon the request that
he makes, and for the present declines granting
his motion or request.
Mr. STTJART. AH I have power to do is to
have it entered in the proceedings of the Senate
that I insist upon the execution of this order. Be-
yond that, I am powerless.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose the decision of the
Chair is subject to appeal, and I beg leave to ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair. I understand
the Chair to decide that he construes the vote
given, as instruction not to cxecute the order;
and from that decision of the Chair I appeal.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think there is nothing in the
point of order raised by the Senator from Michi-
gan; but in order to disembarrass the Chair and
relieve the Senate from further delay in this mat-
ter, I will make a motion that I think will be in
order. It is clearly in order now to move to re-
consider the vote by which the Senate disagreed
to the amendment of the House'of Representa-
tives; is it not ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I voted with the majority. I
have the right, at anytime within two fegislative
days, to move to reconsider that vote. I make
the motion to reconsidcr; and move that that mo-
tion be postponed until to-morrow, and made the
special order at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order will
be made.
Mr. HALE. To make it a special order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not to make
it a special order. The motion to reconsider will
be entered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the motion to reconsider until to-
morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose that is not before
the Senate. It is not up. The Senator has a
right to enter the motion to reconsider, but th«
bill itself is not before the body.
1 The PRESIDENT pio tempore. Not at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the special order.
Mr. KING. Let us have this disposed of.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am willing that the special
order shall be taken up; butif it is not the pleas-
ure of the Senate to take up the special order, I
have a right to have my motion entered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is entered.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I have a right to move
to postpone the consideration of that motion to
any future day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not until thesubjectis taken
up.
Mr. BIGGS. I suppose the Senator from In-
diana has a perfect right to move the reconsider-
ation, and it will be entered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is en-
tered.
Mr. BIGGS. And that disposed, as a matter
j of course, of the question raised by the Senator
i from Michigan; and the order of the Senate now
I is to proceed to the consideration of the special
| order. That is the business, as I understand, now
1 before the Senate.
