1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If protection is wrong, free trade is right.
Down with your custom-houses, and save the
$3,000,000 a year, the cost of stealings and col-
lection, and support Government by direct tax-
ation, and let every one pay according to Ins prop-
erty.
If protection is not right, and nothing is wanted
of a tariff but to raise means to carry on the Gov-
ernment, then clearly there should be no tariff at
all; for, as it now is, four fifths of the expense of
supporting Government is drawn from the pock-
ets of the poor and middle classes—the laborer and
the mechanic—
While the property of the rich goes free, and
pays nothing at all.
Suppose, then, we have free trade, and try it. If
you believe what you say, why do you .hesitate?
Don't be afraid to take your own pills.
If they give you the gripes, grin and bear it.
We expect to suffer with you, and misery loves
company.
Sir, I tell you nay.
But you have the power, and do as you like.
Ay, and you have the responsibility, also.
Remember, there is a muckle day coming—1860
may be as 1840, and more abundant.
Sir, the party that struck down protection of
the labor of our own country legislated for otheis.
Will they not now change their course, and stand
by American interests, and
Let Great Rritain take care of herself?
When the balance of trade is against us, and of
course a drain of specie, our banks are on the look-
out, and of course will curtail, and consequently
the business of the country must suffer.
They are now doing it, and are forced to do4t.
It is an act of self-defense and they are doing right.
The policy of protection is as necessary to the
health and usefulness of the currency as it is to
the prosperity of the people.
Neither the one nor the other ran prosper with-
out it, but are mutually dependent on it and on
cach other.
No Executive homraopathy can do a particle of
good. The disease is too deep-seated.
There is but one great grand remedy for our pe-
cuniary and financial troubles, and that is to return
to a steady unwavering system of home protec-
tion.
- Not as a temporary or party measure, but as
the settled policy of the country.
A policy that while it makes us prosperous and
happy, it secures our independence.
It would amply provide for the expense of
Government'—render us independent of foreign
countries—keep good a basis for the hanking sys-
tem of the States, and thus favorably visit every
house and hamlet, and, as Jackson said, " cover
the country with blessings."
We have another source of specie accumulation
peculiar to ourselves, one that no other country
lias.
Wo receive by immigrants about twenty mil-
lion dollars a year, and that with the $50,000,000
dug from our own mines, and a well arranged
tariff to keep it here and even add to it, we would
at no distant day become the head money country
of the world. Then, sir, we would have specie
enough for a firm, solid basis for a paper currency,
and a public credit throughout the world of higher
value than gold itself.
Then, sir, we should use paper money as a mat-
ter of convenience only and not of necessity.
The tariff of 1828 m four years increased our
specie ^30,000,000, and with the low tariff that
followed we lost it again. With the model tariff
of 1842, gold again returned. The banks grew
strong and useful; the people were never doing
better, and the whole country prospered beyond
comparison. Unfortunately the tariff of 1842 was
repealed, and with it went the balance of trade,
the balance of specie, and we have got for it in re-
turn revulsion, great pecuniary distress, a crushing
foreign debt, a bankrupt Treasury, and an Admin-
istration flourishing its paper money.
Sir, the so-called Democratic party was in error.
They were mistaken. They turned a screw the
wrong way and deranged the whole machinery,
and everything is out of fix.
They now have the advantage of experience
and have the power to correct their error, and
they alone can do it.
Sir, if thoy will do it, and if that party will
cease its continued and desperate efforts to force
slavery on Kansas against her will—" withdraw
its lesions and restore that Commonwealth to lib-
erty"—agitation will cease and peace and prmperity
will be restored to the whole country. Sir, in the
name of a suffering country, with all due respect,
I ask them to do it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, it is not my
purpose to say anything of the neutrality act of
1818. Enough has been said in this debate, both
on this side of the House and upon that, in vin-
dication of that law. Enough also has been said
of General William Walker and his raid upon
Nicaragua. Enough, and more than enough, sir,
has been said in denunciation of the gallant Paul-
ding for his fidelity to duty in arresting this cul-
prit and refugee from justice, and sending him
back to answer to the violated laws of his coun-
try. The President, sir, has pressed upon the
consideration of this House a question of graver
significance, of mightierimport, a question which
concerns the honor and the life of the nation—a
question which to-day challenges the profound
attention of the whole people of this country—a
question upon which, if the official organ of the
President is to be credited, this House will soon
be required to pronounce its final decision. It is
useless to waste the time of the Iiouse in demon-
strating the position of the President upon this
great question. The President and his party not
only indorse the Lecompton constitution, but by
argument, by entreaty, and by threat, seek to in-
duce Congress to indorse it, and thereby give to it
the sanction and the force of law. That journal
which is said to be in the favor of the Executive
and to reflect his opinions, lias told us recently
that the question of the adoption or rejection of
this Lecompton constitution will by a question
between law and faction. 1 think, sir, it would
have been more accurate to have said it is a ques-
tion between Executive despotism and popular
liberty.
I do not recognize the right of the Executive to
dictate to this House the manner in which it shall
discharge its official duty Itis his province to give
to Congress information of the state of the Union,
and to recommend to its consideration such meas-
ures of public policy as he may deem just and
proper, but not to contiol its legislation.
I trust that no member of this body will be in-
fluenced in the discharge of his official duties here,
and more especially in the discharge of that duty
which he owes to himself and his country in the
settlemcntof this great question, by any consider-
ation other than his sense of right and justice.
For myself, I am free to say, that notwithstanding
the President's solicitude mthis behalf; notwith-
standing the reported announcement by a distin-
guished Senator that if Congress reject this slave
constitution, his State will secede from the Union;
notwithstanding the clamor of the party of the
President here and elsewhere; I cannot and will
not give my sanction to this Lecompton consti-
tution. This instrument does not emanate from
the people of Kansas. It is not their will. Its pro-
visions are in direct conflict with the Constitution
of the United States, and with the principles of
eternal justice.
It is conceded, it cannot be denied, that the rea-
son why the convention which framed this instru-
ment refused to submit it to the people for their
approval or rejection, was that the people would
have voted it down. The proposition, the mon-
strous proposition, is now made by the President,
and by gentlemen on this floor, to establish this
instrument as the constitution of Kansas by act
of Congress, and against the will of the people of
that Territory. Sir, it is the first time m the his-
tory of the Republic that the attempt has been
made to establish, by Federal authority, a State
constitution and government against the will of
the people, and without their consent. State con-
stitutions have been formed, and sent to Congress
for ratification, without any formal submission
thereof to the popular vote; but it was only m
cases where the people, beyond all question, made
the constitution, by their legally-appointed dele-
gates. This has not been done in Kansas. No
delegates have been legally chosen there; nor have
any delegates been chosen there at all by the great
body of the people.
The delegates who framed this instrument were
chosen by a body of men not equal in number to
one fourth the whola number of qualified voters
in Kansas; and by virtue of an election law passed
by usurpers. The constitution thus 'framed is
the joint productof local and Federal usurpation'.
Let him deny this who can, or who dare. But
for Federal intervention the Missouri invasion of
Kansas would not have resulted in the election
of the first Legislature in that Territory, and in
the enactment by that body of a code of laws,-so
atrocious and unjust, that no man can, of- dare
approve it. But for Federal intervention the dele-
gates to'the Lecompton convention would-not
have been chosen ! But for Federal intervention
and the presence of Federal bayonets at Leeomp-
ton those delegates would hot have thus conspired
against the liberties, and insulted the majesty of
the people. Now that this act of infamy has been
done; now that the rights of the people have been
clovcndown; now that popular sovereignty in that
Territory has been strangled; or, as a distin-
guished Administration Senator is reported to
have said, throttled by the hands of the Federal
Executive; we are blandly told to affirm this
great crime against popular rights for the sake of
the Union, or to use the President's very express-
ive words, " for the peace and quiet of the whole
country." Sir, it is not the first time that acts of
tyranny have been dignified with the title of peace
measures. The invader has before now destroyed
the vintage, enslaved the people, plundered and
burned their habitations, and called the desolation
which followed in the train of his conquest, peace'!
We were assured the other day by the Court
Journal, that "all is quiet in Kansas." Sir, if
there be quiet in that distant Territory, it is
not the quiet of contentment, it is not the calm
repose of a people secure in their rights and happy
in the enjoyment of them; it is the fitful lull
which precedes the storm. Look to it, ye war-
ders of the Union and the Constitution, that by
your act the freemen of Kansas are not driven to
that point at which forbearance ceases to be a
virtue, nay, becomes a crime, and submission the
basest cowardice and treason. I was pained, sir,
to hear the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. War-
ner] say in"this debate "that the people of Kan-
sas had not the manliness to assert and defend
their rights as freemen, and to form their own gov-
ernment," and yet he was ready "to vote now to
admit the State of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution." The first of these assertions, sir,
whether so intended or not, is, in my judgment,
a calumny upon that injured people, and the last
is a concession that the constitution which that
gentleman is ready to vote for and sanction was
not formed by the people of Kansas.
While I thank the gentleman for this honest
concession that the Lecompton constitution was
not framed by the people, I beg leave to say to
him, and to all who think with him upon this
floor, that, notwithstanding his assertion of their
want of manliness; notwithstanding he questions
their valor, Kansas is peopled with freemen who
know their rights, and knowing, dare maintain
them. They have the fortitude to endure; they
have the courage to dare; they ha\e learned wis-
dom in the lair of oppression; and to-day, by
their defiant attitude, bear witness, that the fires
of persecution through which they have walked,
are not wholly impotent fur good, but may elevalo
and purify as well as consume. I say, as did the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gartrell,] who
addressed the House this morning, " 1 am no
alarmist." 1 would scorn to invoke any man's
fears; I would scorn to appeal to any man's pre-
judices; 1 would scorn to anticipate consequences,
however imminent or perilous, by way of apol-
ogy, or colorable apology, for infidelity to duty.
1 say it deliberately, as the conviction of my nnnd,
that our oaths and our honor, and the peace and
prosperity of our whole country, alike demand
that, as Representatives of the American people,
we should, careless of all consequences, spurn this
Lecompton constitution from us. An honest man
fears no act of his life so much as duty unper-
formed, or wrong purposely committed. I repeat
it: look to it, ye Representatives of the people,
ye men who keep ward and watch over tiie Con-
stitution and the Union, that the freemen of Kan-
sas are not, by your act, driven to the drend elec-
tion of submission and dishonor, or resistance
unto blood. I tell you, notwithstanding their al-
leged want of manliness, Kansas has hosts of cit-
izens, good men and true, who will never stoop
to be your abject slaves—
" White heaven has light or earth has graws!"
