1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
35th Cong....1st Sess. Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
ion was that it would yield a revenue of between
forty-five and forty-eight million dollars. My
honorable friend from Virginia told me the other
day that he had a calculation made at the Treas-
ury, and that according to it, the imports of last
year under the tariff of 1846, would have pro-
duced $48,000,000 with the present rates of duty.
That is exactly what I expec^d this tariff to do,
and by turning to the Globe you will find that I
said I expccted it would reduce the revenue to
$48,000,000 a year, and therefore I am not disap-
pointed in the money I sought to raise off the
people. This tariff will raise exactly what I ex-
pected it to raise. I voted to reduce the custom
revenues of the country, from $63,000,000 to
|48,000,000, and adding the proceeds of the'
lands, we should have fifty-two or fifty-three
millions in the Treasury. When I voted for that,
I intended to bring the expenditures of this Gov-
ernment down to $50,000,000, and I intend it now.
I have not changed my policy. Then it was a
Democratic policy, then it was a Republican pol-
icy, then it was a national policy. In the other
branch of Congress two thirds of the members
of which, when elected, were against the Demo-
cratic party, and the outsiders who joined them
on the then issues before the country—and a great
many gentlemen from my section of the country
united with them on the pending issues then
with regard to theiressential rights, but.putthem
all together, there were two thirds of that body
against the Democratic party, and by a majority
of fifty-four, including I believe every Democrat,
as far as I know, this tariff bill was passed. It
met the support of the Senate, consisting of about
two thirds Democrats, and of the House of Rep-
resentatives of two thirds Opposition. I looked
upon it as a fair national policy. It struck me
as a matter to rcjoice at, and 1 have alluded to it
- before my constituents m Georgia. I thought it
was a harbinger of better times; I thought it was
a lesson of wisdom, that Massachusetts, that
sternest friend of the protective system, upon
which twenty years before a large portion of the
• people of my country were ready to dissolve the
Union, voted side by side with South Carolina
upon a system of levenue; for the Senators rep-
resenting those Commonwealths both voted to-
gether on that point.
1 intended to bring your revenues to that point,
and to bring your expenses to that point. I had
considered the question, and I gave in my place
my reason for supporting the measure to be, that
it was a reduction of public taxes. It has, there-
fore,produced precisely what I supposed it would;
but its operation has been disturbed by a commer-
cial revulsion. The honorable Secretary of the
Treasury tells us we shall get but $41,000,000
this year on that account; and therefore he is
$7,000,000 short of my calculation. To that ex-
tent I will borrow money, if it. is a temporary de-
ficiency; and we have already borrowed to the
amount of $20,000,000 by Treasury notes.
There is another element. If there was an ex-
traordinary temporary expenditure, I would bor-
row for that, for there are two disturbing elements.
1 will borrow for a deficiency of revenue ftom tem-
porary and extraordinary causes, and I will bor-
row for temporary and extraordinary expendi-
tures. I have accounted for the extraordinary
deficiencies—only $7,000,000 below my own esti-
mate. Whatare the nxtraordiiiaij^expenditures ?
Very reluctantly, and I must say, on further con-
sideration, with great regret- -though I voted
against the bill finally, when you had struck off
some amendments of small amount—I voted for
the estimates for the Army in the deficiency bill;
but having done that, I intend to raise the means,
and we have done it. That bill amounted to
$9,000,000, and, adding $7,000,000 for the defi-
ciency of revenue, you have $16,000,000 to be
provided for. A bill for $20,000,001) of Treasury
notes passed before I came here, thus more than
providing for the deficiencies arising from these
extraordinary causes—principally the Utah war,
as it was called, but by others it was more justly
called the contractors' war. It seemed at one
time to be regarded as likely to be a formidable
one, for the Secretary of War wanted five regi-
ments, and the Military Committee wanted nearly
as many; but, according to the statement of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, we have
probably got rid of that expense. It is true Con-
gress subsequently provided for raising three re-
giments of volunteers. Now it is in our power
not to call them out, and I will not call them out.
In my opinion, we have more troops in the field
than we have use for. The Utah war has passed;
I never believed it had an existence; I believed it
was got up on false rumors; I believed it was got
up by contractors; I believed it was got up for
the sole purpose of a foray on the Treasury, and
not on Salt Lake City. It will partially answer
that purpose, but I wish to stop it when I can.
Then having bonowed all the money which
the revenue fell below my estimates, and having-
provided for all the extraordinary expenses, I
will not go further. I do notlook on the extraor-
dinary expenses in the light of my honorable
friend, the Secretary of the Treasury, in whose
ability and integrity I have the most unlimited
confidence; and I am quite satisfied that if all
the Departments of the Government brought!
their estimates as rigidly within the wants of the
Government as he did, this loan would not have
been demanded. But, however that may be, my
duty as a Senator is to take care of the interests
of "the people. That is my first business, and
that I intend to do. Having raised enoughs to
meet the deficiency in the revenue, and enough
to meet the extraordinary expenses, I will not
raise another dime. The Army has been carried
up under the discretion vested in the President, in
reference to frontier posts, to sixteen or seven-
teen thousand men. I do not believe there ought
to lie any of them, or at least, not beyond the ten
thousand men we had a few years ago. They
have got up a quartermaster's department that
is magnificent for spending money, but for noth-
ing else. As to the appropriations for volunteers,
1 will not vote a dime for them. The Govern-
ment can reducc the quartermaster's department,
and I wish to reduce wherever I can.
I understand my friends here have got into a
difficulty with England, and that is made an ex-
cuse. Well, sir, she has acted very badly, and
nothing would have given me more pleasure at
any time for ten years past, than a war with
England. We have had cause of war for the
last ten years, and 1 think it has been a scandal j
to this people that we have not had it. So I am
always ready for it. If I have not got the par-
ticular reason you have, I have other reasons:
she interferes with our business; and, therefore, !
whenever you want to fight her, put me in for 1
one chance". I am ready for that at any time, |
but I do not think there aie half as many ditfi- j
culties growing out of these questions of war, as
people generally imagine. 1 hey say they want I
to build more ship^. I am willing to give great
efficiency to the Army and Navy, but 1 find that;
the same troops we kept up twenty years ago,
now cost us twice the money; and I find that]
when we have run our Navy up from $3,000,000 j
to $16,000,000 a year, we do not float a single ;
additional gun. England is kicking you all over;
your own neighborhood, here in the Gult of
Mexico, that ought to be a mare ctauiwn. It is
our sea, and that ought to be a sufficient right to
keep her out of it. While she is searching your
ships, and kicking you out of your own water,
the best public ship in the world, the best in your
Navy, certainly, is toting her cable from one of
| her dependencies to the other. I think you had !
i better have it down in the Gulf protecting your
i commerce. At the very moment your vessels
are being searched, disgraced, fifed into, spit
upon, right here in sight of your own coast, by
British gun-boats, the best ship in the American
Navy is engaged in laying down a cable to con-
nect two British possessions. Gentlemen must
excuse me from that expense. I will not submit
! to it. ' .
I I will bring the force of the country where it is
1 needed to protect its honor; I will give every dime
| that is necessary to protect the honor and the
i safety of my country; I will throw in its puise,
' and I would throw its people even in the fiery
furnace, to its maintenance; but such occasions
are merely made excuses and pretexts for an in-
crease of the public expenses. I suppose when
Congress has voted six sloops and ten gun-boats,
we shall receive an apology: they will have got
the money and we shall have the insult pocketed.
That is the way it will turn out. Well^ sir, I
have been fooled so before, and I do not intend
to submit to it. I will not pay. You will not
get up ships now soon enough, unless you make
war. As to the idea of building your ships with
a view of going to war, I think that is bad pol-
icy. I know I am running against g[eat author-
ity, but I think it is much better to get .ready to
fight when you have a fight on hand. You have
the men; you have the money; you have the ma-
terials to build ships; and if you are fit to defend
yourselves, you will do it, and I have no doubt
the country is fit to do it. It has all the mate-
rials of war; and when you want the mere instru-
ments of war, (cannon and ships,) you can make
them as quick as the enemy can get to you, or as
quick as is necessary to defend your honor in the
cheapest way.
There being no war, I do not intend to raise a
false cry of war, to make a foray on the Treasury.
I do not want to do it with regard to Utah or
England. If you want to fight England, I am
with you, and will give you plenty of money to
do it. I say you have plenty of cause to do it.
It is a shame that you allow her to come to your
own seas, fire into your own vessels, and search
them. The Government ought to send a force to
the Gulf, and seize the vessels committing these
outrages, and either sink them or bring them to
our ports and hang the officers. If the Govern-
ment of England does not authorize it, let us have
somebody to hold accountable; but as for their
apologizing to us, I suppose I could take a wring-
ing of the nose patiently once, with a decent ex-
cuse, if it was by a mistake; but I do not think I
could keep taking them. I suppose we have had
about twenty such cases in the Gulf of Mexico,
and I think it is time to stop that business. I
think it is time for us to have something to apol-
ogize for ourselves; and I am willing to make an
occasion for an apology, and I will apologize
when I have got satisfaction. It is becoming my
honor to do it then. If I have sunk the enemy's
"ships, I can make an apology respectably. But
all these things aie to be made now excuses for
increasing the revenue. I cannot do it. If you
want war, say so, and I will give you war sup-
plies; if you want peace, I will give you peace
supplies; but everywhere there can be retrench-
ment. When 1 voted to reduce the revenue, I
intended retrenchment, and I did not intend to
carry the ordinary expenses of this Government
over $50,000,000 last year, and I do not intend to
do it now; and therefore I must tell my honorable
friend from Virginia that I will vote for none of
his loan bills.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President 
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
give way for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; I have not a great
deal to say, and 1 still hope that perhaps we may
get the question this evening. Mr. President, my
friend from Georgia, in the course of his remtuks,
it seems to me, has made some unjust strictures
on the a<l valorem system, founded,as I think, on
a mistaken comparison between the imports and
exports. In the first place, he wishes to ascer-
tain whether we receive as much back, in the
shape of imports, as we export, or whether our
official tables show the same amount returned m
imports as we send out in exports. He ought to
take the exports at the market value of the coun-
try into which they are sent, compared with the
imports at their market value here. Instead of
being contented with that, he adds to the exports
the profit on that side, and says nothing of the
proht to be put on the foreign value of the imports
when they come here. But be that as it may, he
seems to think that if there be this difference,
there is no other way of accounting for it except
by under valuation. He allows nothing for smug-
gling; he laughs at the idea that we can be cheated
in that way, while he thinks it is palpable, and
easy to prove, that we can in the other. Now, sir,
I submit that with such a coast us we have, with
the long, unguarded frontier between this country
and Canada, from which they can bring in manu-
factured goods at any time without paying duties,
if they choose to do so, it is far easier to smug-
gle than it is to deceive the appraisers by under-
valuation.
Sir, what system could we establish that would
