•2510.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
acceded to it in committee, if I had observed it at
all.
The debates that took place heretofore exhib-
ited two points. In the first place that this was
a bridge to be kept up at the expense of George-
town, and at the expense of the salubrity of the
upper portion of this city for the purpose of ac-
commodating some farmers over in Virginia, and
for the great purpose of accommodating a railroad,
by having connection across the river. That is
the simple explanation of it. We had that fight
here at the last Congress. Those rails were laid
down a year or two ago without our permission,
and contrary to our suggestion. We absolutely
refused to allow them to cross the city, and they
were laid down by the permission of the corpo-
ration of Washington, after the vote taken in the
Senate, and they remain (here still, for they have
never been taken up. The idea is not abandoned.
It is kept up to this day, and will be kept up, and
I do not know that any vote we can pass here
"will convince them that they cannot carry it, either
directly or indirectly, some time or other.
After the repeated expressions of opinion on
the part of the Senate, by so large a vote as we
have had, I am really surprised that this matter
should be again urged. It only shows the extreme
pertinacity of corporations. I do not feel dis-
posed to go over the subject again. I do not feel
disposed to punish Georgetown any longer, or to
punish ourselves and the city by keeping up this
bridge for the sake oT affording facilities to this
railroad corporation. I wish simply to say it is
no argument to my mind because the Govern-
ment chose, upon the solicitation of others, to be
generous enough some years ago, to make that a
free bridge, and keep it up year after year, there is
amoral or legal obligation to keep it up eternally,
whatever may be the evil consequencesfollowmg
from it. That seems to be the argument of the
honorable Senator fiom Virginia, that becau.se
at a previous date, on the solicitation of the peo-
ple interested, Congress assumed the expense of
making that bridge free, and have evei since, or
up to a recent period, kept it up, at the expense
of the Government; we, therefore, have entailed
upon ourselves the obligation to keep it up per-
petually and cannot let it go down without a
breach of faith. If thepeople of Washington want
to rebuild that bridge, they can do so. We do not
propose to interfere with them; but have urged it
upon them repeatedly. It is a matter of contest
between these two cities intercut pat t.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will indulge me a
moment, lie does not do justuv to my view of
that matter. I said the public faith wees pledged,
as I considered, to continue this bridge as a imvins
of passage across the river until some other mode
was provided for that object. Now, the honor-
able Senator says that 1 goto the extent of saying
it is incumbent on the country to keep it up for-
ever. Certainly not; but 1 said they should keep
it up until some other mode is provided of ac-
commodating the interests that have grown up
under the bridge. The biidge is now the prop-
erty of the Government. Who has any right to
interfere with it ? Will it be expected, euher, that
a private company, the city of Washington, or
anybody else, will invest their money in whatap-
pears necessary to keep that bridge up while it
is the property of the Government, without some
assurance that they shall be reimbursed m some
manner? Let the Government tuin it over to the
city, or let it turn it over to the private company
from which it took it, or make some disposition of
it which will enable those mteiested, or the local-
ities of country that are interested, to keep it up.
That is what I mean to say. They must pro-
vide some means.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Then let those who want
it, or the city, come here and ask it, if that is your
proposition. When that proposition shall be
made, and there is time enough to decide it, I have
no doubt Congress will be ready to "abjure all
right to interfere with it m any shape or foim at
any time; but that is not the question. The ques-
tion is, whether we shall keep it up ourselves,
not whether we shall give it to somebody else,
and whether we shall do it by making these ap-
propriations year after year.
Now, sir, the argument of the honorable Sen-
ator is the same precisely, when carried out, as it
was before. He says we are under an obligation
to keep up that bridge until some other mode of
passing the river is found. What is the conse-
quence of that sort of argument ? It is this: that
as long as these people will not build another
bridge—which they will not do so long as they
hope to have this one rebuilt—the obligation is
upon us to build another for them before we re-
fuse to keep up or repair this one; that is to say,
bccause we bought it for them and kept it up for
a series of years for them, the legal ana moral ob-
ligation upon us is to build another or keep this
one up perpetually; and when we build \nother
bridge we are to keep that up perpetually, too.
The argument seems to me perfectly inconclusive.
I do not propose to weary the Senate with it. I
wish them to understand precisely what the ques-
tion is, and to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that we have acted upon it hitherto and
so decidedly, time after time, that it seems to me
it ought to satisfy people, and that we should not
be solicited further on this subject. I know that
the Senators fiom Yiiginia always take the same
precise ground that they have to-day. They have
urged this matter upon Congress, session after
session, and the Senate, as often as they have
urged it, has refused to listen to their solicitations
in regard to it. I hope the Senate will still con-
tinue to do so. At any rate, do not let us expend
money and place ourselves iu a position where
we .shall be sprung upon again. 1 believe the
proposition is now before the' Senate in the shape
of a petition, at any late, to allow tins railroad
to run its trains across Pennsylvania avenue and
through some other avenues of the city, from the
place where the depot is no w,'to and over the Long
Bridge. What is the reason for it? The engi-
neers have decided that the proper place would be
above; and the only motive for this plan is to save
money to a railroad company. They can save
money by going this way; they can save the cost
of excavating; although they do not savo time,
they save distance and expense: and tint is the
gieat interest which is at the bottom of this thing
at this present moment, in my judgment. .
Mr. HAMLIN. I will vote at any time to
transfer this bridge to its original proprietors, or
the Districtof Columbia. I do nnttlunkit ought
to be a tax upon the Government. It is so now.
I shall vote for this appropriation, however, upon
a simple principle of what I believe to be econ-
omy to the Government; for, but for the embar-
rassed state of the finances of the Government, I
think I am justified m saying thnt you would have
had submitted here to you, at tins session, a bill
making an appi ojn uitton for a new bridge at
Geoigetown, and there is the whole secret of the
matter.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
move that rhe Senate adjourn:
Mr. HAMLIN. I will not detain it two min-
utes. I shall, therefore, vote to keep in this ap-
propriation for the very purpose of avoiding that
necessity which will be forced upon us of build-
ing a new bridge; and, however earnestly my col-
league may resist it, I tell him—and I hope he will
remember it—that, when that time comes he will
witness the project go through. Just as certain
as he is a living man; just as certain as the prop-
osition will be made, there will be a new bridge
built when the proper state of the finances will
juHufy it; and we should have had a bill here this
session but for the embarrassed condition of the
Treasury. I am going to vote for this limited ap-
propriation for the very purpose of avoiding that
necessity.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. We cannot get through the bill this even-
mg.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 90, noes 15; and the Senate ad-
journed.
1 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
| Saturday, May 29, 1858.
: The House metateleven o'clock,a.m. Prayer
; by Rev. T. II. Bocock, D. D.
| The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
j NATHANIEL G0DDA11D AND OTHERS.
\ Mr. COMINS. I desire to enter a motion to
I reconsider the vote laying upon the table the ad-
! verse report of the Committee of Claims in the
I case of Nathaniel and Benjamin Goddard. I do
i not propose to call it up at this time, but at some
future day I shall make a few remarks upon it,
showing the injustice which Congress is doing to
these claimants and to itself, by the summary
manner m which it disposes of private claims.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury in reply to House resolution asking in-
formation as to the Louisville and Portland canal.
Mr. ENGLISH. J move to refer the commu-
nication to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER also laid before tl;o House a
report from the Secretary of the Smithsonian In-
stitution; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that ten thousand
extra copies of the report be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope no extra
copies of it will be punted.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Punting.
JOHN CASSADY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House, the papers having reference to the
claim of John Cassady for services at the Charles-
town navy-yard; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ANTHONY WALTON BAYARD.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to call the
attention of the House to a bill which was passed
yesterday increasing the pension of Anthony
Walton Bayard, of Bellefontc, in the State of
Pennsylvania.
The Committee on Invalid Pensions reported
the hill giving; him twenty dollais per month.
The House struck out "twenty" and inserted
utcn." I have been informed by the clerk of
the Committee on Invalid Pensions that this gen-
tleman is now upon the pension roll, placed there
under the law, at twenty dollars pei month, and
that his application was for an increase of pen-
sion, or for extending it back. The committee
reported in favor of giving him twenty dollars,
the exact amount at which he has been pensioned
at the Pension Office, and we amended the bill so
as to give him only ten dollars per month, i
think, under the circumstances, the House ought
to reconsider its action,and reject the bill.
By unanimous consent the vote by winch the
bill was passed was icconsidered, and the bill was
laid on the tabh .
POST ROAD BILL.
Mr. ENGLISH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Ollicc and Post Roads to ask
the consent of the Ilouse to report a bill estab-
lishing certain post roads.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. REILLY. 1 object to that bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Indiana if there is any gen-
eral legislation in the bill ?
Mr. ENGLISH. I will state in reply to the
gentleman, that there is nothing in the bill except
the establishment of certain post routes.
Mr. REILLY. The bill establishes two post
routes close alongside of one another, and it must
destroy either one or the other of them.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desiui to say, that if any
routes have been omitted m the bill, and gentle-
men will indicate theni, the bill can be amended
in the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the ob-
jection of the gen'leman from Pennsylvania is
that the bill establishes two post routes within a
mile or two of each other.
Mr. ENGLISH. If it is not desirable that the
service be put upon both routes, the Post Office
Department will not put it on both.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that "this bill
simply establishes the routes; it puts no service
upon them. That is a matter in the discretion of
the Postmaster General.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, How many sec-
tions are there in the bill ?
