400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25.
Sanction ..this constitution, conceived in sin and '
brought forth in iniquity, and you can only main- i
tain it by the Federal arm and the Federal bayonet; i
it can never receive the voluntary support of a free !
people. Sanction this constitution, and with it !
sanction, as it sanctions, that code of abomina- i
tions which the invaders of Kansas enacted, and
you-compel resistance. Resistance to such legis-
lation would be duty, not crime; patriotism, not
treason. The resistants, or insurgents, or rebels
if you please, could point you, iri vindication of
their rebellion, to the fact that the history of Fed-
era! intervention in Kansas, ever since the day of
its organization, is but a history of repeated inju-
ries and usurpations.
In vindication of their rebellion, they could point
you to the fact, that by your organic act you sol-
emnly pledged the nation's faith that the people
of Kansas "should be perfectly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States*" In vindication of that rebellion they
could point you to the glowing words of the great
Declaration* that " all men are created equal, and
endowed by their Creator with the rights of life
and liberty;" and that to secure these rights, " gov-
ernments a re instituted amongst men, deriving t'leir
just powers from the consent of tiie govern-
ed." These words of the Declaration still live;
like the words of Luther, they are half battles;
they possess vitality; they were accredited m the
day of our nation's peril as the law and the voice
of God; to-day they announce the great right of
self-government, upon which rests the beautiful
fabric of our free institutions. Let the wronged
men of Kansas, in protest against your proposed
act of tyranny—your violation of their natural
and guarantied rightof self-government—but ap-
peal to the whole people of America in the living
and immortal words of the Declaration, and their
appeal will not be made in vain; it will stir the
American heart like the blast of a trumpet.
Mr, CLEMENS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLEMENS. You have citcd the language
of the Declaration of Independence, that all Gov-
ernments derive their just power from (he consent
of the governed. Will you be kind enough to
tell me whether, according to the popular system ;
of government, the people can act except under |
law and by Jaw, or whether there m any such i
thing, so far as the sovereignty of the people is j
concerned, as acting except in consonance and
conformity with the existing law?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not claimcd anything
else than that; therefore the gentleman might us
well have saved himself the trouble of presenting
such a question for my consideration. But I
would like to ask thfe gentleman from Virginia if
lie undertakes to say that this Kansas code, called
a code of laws, and which this Lecompton consti-
tution expressly indorse?, is law ? Will the gen-
tleman be so good as to answer that?
Mr. CLEiViENS. Who is to decide that ques-
tion? Is it tlie people of Kansas?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will tell the gentleman who
is to dccide that question. We arc to decide it,
sir; and that gentleman, in common witli ull of
us, is bound by his oath to decide it.
Mr. CLEMENS. Very well. I admit that.
I come to another question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I onlygave way to the gen-
tleman to ask me om question, and not to occupy
my time. He will please excuse me. When I
get through I will, if the committee please, answer
him till sundown.
Sir, the great right of self-government cannot
now be set aside by the puerile conceits of dema-
gogues, whether embodied in a President's mes-
sage or an instrument framed by conspirators.
The Lecompton constitution directly contravenes
this right of self-government, and proposes to
legalize forever the violation of life and liberty
and property, and to establish a government,
armed with this fatal power, against the consent
of the governed. What colorable apology can be
made for this criminal conspiracy against the
rights of mankind—for this attempt to iepudiate
the vital element of American institutions? Sure-
ly none can be found in the assertion of the Pres-
ident, that {,the requirement to submit the whole con-
stitution to the people was not inserted in the Kan-
sas-Nebraskaact;" and "the convention was not
bound by its terms to submit any other portion
of the instrument to an election except that which
relates to the domestic institution of slavery."
This is most remarkable language for the Chief
Magistrate of the American Republic. The re-
quirement to submit the whole constitution to
the people was not inserted in the organic act of
Kansas; therefore the convention of delegates, the
people's servants, arc not bound to submit the
constitution which they have framed to their mas-
ters for their appioval or disappioval! Is the ser-
vant greater than his lord—the creature greater
than his creator? What are these delegates but
the servants of the people ? What powers or rights
have they not delegated by the people? The right
to frame a Srate constitution is inherent in the
people, and is inalienable. It was well said, on a
memorable occasion, by a distinguished Senator,
then representing, with preeminent ability, the
State of Missouri:
" Conventions [to form State constitutions] were origin-
al acts of the people. They depended upon inherent and
inalienable lights. The people of any Stale may, at any
time, meet in convention, without a law of their Lesji-la-
ture, and without any provision or against any provision of
their constitution, and may alim 01 abolt.-h their whole
fiame of goveinin<jnl. The ^oveiei^i) power to govern
themselves was in the majority, and they could not he
diverted of it." — Congressional Debates, volume 12, p.
io;M.
Mr. CLEMENS. Who said that?
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Benton.
Mr. GROW. President Buchanan held the
same.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is true; and I shall
notice that hereafter. That was Democratic doc-
trine in 1836, when Michigan applied to be ad-
mitted into the Union. Then, sir, the people
might make a State constitution without a terri-
torial law, or against a territorial law, because
the validity of the act depended not upon any
existing statute, but upon the inherent right of
the people—their great right of self-government,
of which they could not be divested. If the words
of the message, just cited, mean anything, they
do mean that the people have not the inherent
right of oelf-governmcnt; that their right to reject
a constitution, framed by their delegates, depends
upon a requirement in the organic act binding
their delegates to submit the whole constitution
to the people, and that all their rights in the prem-
ises exist only by virtue of Federal grant. This
surely repeals the very words of the organic act
of Kansas, which declares that "the people of the
Territory shall be left perfectly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way." They shall be left to form all their domes-
tic institutions, not merely the "institution of
slavery," as the President says, but all their
local and State institutions. The organic act, by
its words, simply affirms the rightof self-govern-
ment to be in the people; it does not profess to
confer any such right. A man not yet out of the
horn-book upon the law of constiaction, ought to
know that this organic Kansas act does not pro-
fess to, and does not, in fact, grant the people the
power to form their own domestic institutions,
when its language is that it leaves the people, as
it found the people, perfectly free, by virtue of
their own inherent right, to form their domestic
institutions in theirown way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar]
following the assumption of the President, in-
sisted that the organic act of Kansas was an en-
abling act. With all due respect for that gentle-
man, and with as much respect for the President
as he permits me to entertain for him, I beg leave
to say that the assertion, that the organic act of
Kansas is an enabling act, is an after-thought.
The Presidents party was not of that mind dur-
ing the Thirty-Fourth Congress, when they clam-
ored, from the Penobscot to the Pacific, for the
passage by the House of their enabling Kan-
sas act, which passed the Senate, known as the
Toombs bill. No, sir, the organic act of Kansas
is not, nor was it intended to be, an enabling act.
Nor do I deem it necessary that there should be
an enabling act. The Twenty-Fourth Congress,
by a most decisive vote, so decided; and amongst
those of that Congress who so declared, both
by speech and vote, the presentChief Magistrate
Mr. Buchanan, was conspicuous. Pending the
question for the admission of Michigan upon a
constitution made by the people, without any act
of Congress or territorial act authorizing it, Mr.
Buchanan spoke as follows:
"The precedent in the case of Tennessee has completely
silenced all opposition m regard to the ncees ity of a pre-
vious act of Congress to enable the people of Michigan to
form a State constitution. It now seeuis to be conceded
that our subsequent approbation is equivalent to our pre-
vious action. This can no longer be doubted. We have
the unquestionable ptiver of waiving ami irregularities in
the mode of framing the constitution* had arty su</i c?Uted.'*
" He did hope that by this bill a'l objections would be re-
moved; and that this State, &o ready to iush into our arms,
would not be repulsed, because of the absence of so--ne for-
malities which perlnvs were vet i/ proper, but cmtainly not
indispensable.9*—12 Congressional Debates, pp. 1041, 1042.
It is no answer to say that the question in the
case of Michigan was not, as in the case of Kan-
sas, whether the people had the right to pass upon
the constitution before Congress should approve
it, and admit the State under it. The question in
the case of Michigan included this and*more; the
question there was, whether the people, of their
own motion, and without the aid of a statute,
national or territorial, could make a constitution
preparatory to admission into the Union, which
Congress could receivc and approve; and it was
solemnly, and by the votes of more than three
fourths of the Twenty-Fourth Congress, decided
they could—that the action of the people without
an enabling act was an informality which Con-
gress could waive, and in that case did waive. It
is indisputably true that the people of the Terri-
tory may themselves waive the formal ratification
of the constitution, after their delegates shall have
framed it; and in such case may well be held bound
by the acts of their agents. But in this instance,
the people of Kansas have'not so waived their
right. 1 know that it has been assumed in debate
here by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Lamar,] and that the message of the President
proceeds upon the same assumption, that the
Lecompton convention was a legally constituted
body, and that the legal presumption is, that what
they ha ye done has been lawfully done, and is the
will and act of the people of Kansas, whose agenta
they were.
Sir, nothing can be clearer than that the Le-
compton convention was not a legally constituted
body; that the Legislature which enacted the
statute by which the members of said convention
were elected, was itself an illegal body, fraudu-
lently chosen; and that their statute was not so
executed, even if it had been valid, as to give legal
effect to the election held under it.
But, admitting the assumption of the President
and his especial advocates on this floor to be true,
that the Lecompton convention was a lawfully
constituted body: the legal presumption that their
act is the act of the people of Kansas, cannot
stand before the admitted and known fact, that
a very large majority of the people of Kansas
wholly repudiate the convention and the consti-
tution presented by it, and are to-day ready to
take up arms in resistance of it, and of any gov-
ernment which may be established under it.
There is, there can be, no presumption, either
legal or natural, contrary to known and admitted
facts. I say, therefore, admitting the President
to be right m assuming the legality of the Le-
compton convention, his asserted legal presump-
tion against known facts cannot be gravely en-
tertained, and must be scouted by every well
informed man, as the veriest quibble, in aid of the
most desperate cause. Despite this quibble and
the force of this legal presumption, it must be con-
ceded, it cannot be gainsayed, that the delegates
who formed the Lecompton constitution, were not
chosen by the majority, but, on the contrary, by
a very small minority of the people of Kansas; and
that it is as well known as the fact that this con-
stitution was made by the delegates thuschoscn,
that it has been, and is now, emphatically repudi-
ated and condemned by an overwhelming ma-
jotity of all the people of Kansas. And yet, in
the face of this fact, patent to all men, the Presi-
dent and his party on this floor demand that
Congress shall fasten this repudiated instrument
upon the people of Kansas as their legitimate act,
and thereby coerce them to acquiesce in it and ac-
cept it as the expression of their will. You call
this popular sovereignty; I call it Federal usurp-
ation and Federal despotism; and before 1 give
this proposed act of Federal tyranny my volun-
tary sanction, either by word or vote, may my
righthand forget its cunning and my tongue cleave
to the roof of my mouth.
