1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1487
Mr. FESSENDEN. The business was press-
ins: at that time!
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, public business was
pressing then; and it has been pressing up to a
certain point, and I should like to know where is
the point, and what is the occasion? It used to
be a maxim of the old philosophers that the at-
mospheric pressure would sustain a hydraulic
column of thirty-three feet; and it puzzled the
philosophers to tell why the pressure of the at-
mosphere would sustain a hydraulic column of
thirty-three feet, and would not sustain it any
higher. The reason assigned was, that Nature
abhorred a vacuum, but when it got up to thirty-
three feet she ceased to abhor a vacuum. [Laugh-
ter.] Now, sir, have we got to that point where
we cease to abhor a vacuum in legislation?
For these reason I am desirous of proceeding
with this Kansas bill now; and I appeal to those
gentlemen who were so anxious to take it up last
week, and some time ago, to go with me. Let us
stanch the wounds of bleeding Kanses. There
is just as much necessity for it now as there was
then. Let us see if we cannot apply a remedy.
I am anxious to apply a remedy. I think the
House of Representatives have offered a fair and
a rational proposition. I want to send it back,
and I want to make an appeal, a patriotic appeal,
to the friends of popular sovereignty to vindicate
the sincerity of their professions by going for this
measure of popular sovereignty. It takes every-
thing they ask, takes thcLecompton constitution,
with slavery for its great divinity; it takes every-
thing you have asked, and inaugurates it as the
supreme law of the land, subject only to that great
test to which you have all invited us, popular sov-
ereignty. I want to see if we cannot do that, and
I want to see if we cannot do it now. If there
are any objections, let them be stated, and lot
them be stated now. I appeal to the friends of
this bill not to wait. Who knows but that after
we receive the news of the Rhode Island election,
which I believe takes place to-morrow, there may
be new considerations coming in that may re-
quire further delay and further postponement?
JMr. WADE. Is the Union m danger?
Mr. HALE. I do not know whether the Union
is in danger or not; I have never discussed thac
question; but I will say this: if the Union is in
danger from the fair and prompt and legitimate
discharge of public duty, I am not going to be one
that will try to avert it. Let the danger come,
and let it be met, and let it be met now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire state distinctly the
motion he made? The Chair does not recollectit.
Mr. HALE. My motion was to postpone the
prior orders for the purpose of considering the
proposition made by the Senator from Florida.
The PRESIDENT pi o tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the motion was not agreed
to; and announced that the special order was be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I want a division on the vote
last taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inform the Senator from Massachusetts that
he has already decided that question,and it is too
late to call for a division.
Mr. HAMLIN. How can we know, before
the Chair decides, whether we want a division or
not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators should
call for it in a reasonable time after the result is
announced.
Air. DOUGLAS. The Minnesota bill is now
before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope we shall proceed to
vote upon the bill, unless there are amendments
to offer.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 86) for the admission of the State of Minne-
sota into the Union, is now before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. PUG-H. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to the preamble of this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is to be settled after the
bill passes.
Mr. PUGH. It was decided in the House of
Representatives the other day, that the preamble
could not be amended after the passage of the bill.
I desire to amend the preamble, and I do not care
whether it be done now, or at a subsequent time.
Mr. STUART. The rule is, that the pream-
ble is always to be considered after the bill has
passed.
Mr. PUGH. It was decided otherwise on the
Kansas bill in the House of Representatives the
other day. It is so reported in the Globe. I do
not care whether I offer the amendment now or
at a future time. If the Chair says it will be in
order hereafter, I will not offer it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) The amendment will be in order after
the bill shall have been perfected.
Mr. PUGII. Very well.
Mr. YULEE. As I intimated at one time my
purpose to propose an amendment to this bill, I
think it proper to say that I have since concluded
to withhold it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
further amendment offered, the bill will be re-
ported to the Senate.
Mr. FITCH. Before this subject passes from
the Committee of the Whole, I desire to call at-
tention to a matter in connection with it, of very
little importance except as an issue of fact between
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] and my-
self. It will be remembered that, on Friday last,
in noticing what I deemed, perhaps ei roneously,
a disposition upon his part to intimidate north-
ern Senators, or, more properly, all Senators from
whatever section, in favor of the immediate ad-
mission of Minnesota, into a negative vote on a
motion to adjourn, by alluding to the vote as a
test of friendship for Minnesota, as though those
who voted in the affirmative would be deemed its
enemies, I took exception to the manifestation of
any such disposition, and ventured to suggest that
the then zeal of the Senator for immediate action
upon the Minnesota bill was new-born ; that none
such had been manifested by him when, in Feb-
ruary, although the chairman of the Committee
on Territories, and as such having the bill in spe-
cial charge, he assented to the Kansas bill bein<r
made a special order, and thereby being placed
in advance of the Minnesota bill. To my sug-
gestion of a want of earnestness, previously to
that day, in uiging the Minnesota bill, the Sena-
tor entered a general denial, and appealed to the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Gueen] to sustain
him; and he specifically denied having assented
that the Kansas bill should be made a special or-
der. To the appeal made by him, the Senator
from Missouu responded, and bore testimony,
very properly, to the anxiety manifested by the
Senator from Illinois, in the Committee on Ter-
ritories, for early action upon the Minnesota bill.
This was but an act of justice to the latter Sena-
tor, but it was taking the case wheie it had not
been and could not be taken by me. I knew
nothing of what had occurred in the Committee
on Territories, and could not know aught that
had there transpired. My remarks related solely
to aetion in the Senate. The Senator from Illi-
nois, doubtless, did evince anxiety, in that com-
mittee, for early action on the Minnesota bill, and
his anxiety must have been gratified, for he early
reported that bill to the Senate. It was here in
advance of the Kansas bill, and would have so
remained unless the latter had been made a spe-
cial oider. My suggestion was that his anxiety
appeared to cease, to dwindle out, soon after the
bill was reported by the Committee on Territories.
I am glad to see it renewed, and am more than
willing to second it.
But, sir, unwilling to do injustice to anyone,
anxious to make no statement not in strict accord-
ance with the facts, and determined not to rest
under the imputation which a denial of any state-
ment I had made would imply, I have since looked
at the record to see whether it corroborated my
statement or the denial of the Senator from Illi-
nois. Although it affords other proof in support
of my general suggestion, I shall content myself
with reading a very brief extract from it in answer
to the Senator's denial that he did assent to making
the Kansas bill a special order. On the 24th of
February, I find by the Globe of the 25th, that
these proceedings occurred:
" Mi. Green. I move to take tip the bill (S. No. 1611 for
the admit sion of the State of Kanr-as into tli.* Union, (or the
puipose of then moving to make it a special oider.
'• The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read a sec-
ond tune.
" Mr. Green. X move that it be made the special order
for to-morrow at one o'ciock, if it meets general approba-
tion."
A brief running debate ensued, in which the
Senator from Illinois participated; but lie said little
of Kansas and nothing at all of Minnesota. He
made no objections to making Kansas a special
order; he did notgive the slightest intimation that
he entertained any objection; on the contrary,
after this debate, the following appears as the con-
clusion of the report on that subject:
" The Vice President. The motion is to make the bill
the special order for Friday next, at one o'clock.
'* Mr. Cotx\mer. I move to amend the motion by say-
in? Monday.
44 The amendment was adopted; and the motion, as
amended, was agroed to."
It will be seen that I was correct, and that the
Senator from Illinois—his denial to the contrary
notwithstanding—did assent to making Kansas
a special order. I have no further issue with the
! Senator. The issue is between him and the
. record.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will be seen by what the
Senator from Indiana has read, that his statement
is not correct.
Mr. FITCH. I will read the entire record, if
the Senator makes a question of veracity.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FITCH. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. When the Senator stated,
on Friday, that I had agreed to put the Kansas
bill ahead of the Minnesota bill, the Senator from
Missouri, who is associated with me on the com-
mittee, said, in an undertone, " it is a mistake."
The Senator from Missouri knew that I never
made that agreement. I never consented to it.
I knew that 1 should be overruled, as I was; but
I appeal to every nun in the Senate if, from the
beginning of the session up to this time, I have
not been vigilant, active, constant in my efforts
to get up the Minnesota bill, and secure the ad-
mission of Minnesota. I do not think there is a
man in this body who does believe in his heart
that I am justly liable to the charge of having kept
Minnesota back. I do not believe the Senator
from Indiana himself thinks that I have sacrificed
the interests of Minnesota. No, sir; on all oc-
casions, us far as I thought it was prudent and
respectful to the Senate, I have persevered over
and over again in my efforts to get up the Min-
nesota bill.
Now, sir, one word about the Senator's remark
the other day, that I was dragooning men into
hot-haste action on the Minnesota bill. How in
the world could the Senator have considered that
the remark I made applied to him ? He had just
voted with me on each call of the roll, and would
I dragoon men who were voting with me ? How
is it, unless he goes out of the record to seek this
opportunity, that he applies what I said to him-
self? Motions to adjourn had been made; I re-
sisted them, voted against them, and the Senator
voted with me. Other motions were made to get
rid of the Minnesota bill, and on them he voted
with me. Then, when another motion was made,
I said a few words; and how could he, who had
voted with me each time, think I was trying to
dragoon him, when he was voting with me. [Mr.
Fitch, by an inclination of his head, appeared to
dissent.] I think he did each time. Well, sir, I
have great aversion for these personal altercations.
I claim no merit for my action in regard to Min-
nesota; but I repel indignantly any insinuation
that I have not been faithful to the interests of
Minnesota, so far as I am concerned, as chairman
of the Committee on Territories, and as a Sena-
tor. I have arraigned no Senator for his action.
I have gone back to no one's record. I make no
issue with any one. I follow the plan of doing
my own duty, and I leave every other Senator to
do his. I do not deem it necessary to say more
on this point.
Mr. FITCIL "Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bicos in
the. chair.) The Senator from Indiana will in-
dulge the Chair for a moment. It is with great
reluctance that the Chair interposes, but he really
does not see the pertinency of the discussion be-
tween the Senator from Illinois and the Senator
fiom Indiana to the bill before the Senate.
Mr. FITCII. Its pertinency is simply a ques-
tion of veracity between the Senator and myself;
and if I am not permitted to make the explanation
