450
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess. Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
if we want to protect ourselves against exorbitant
impositions and taxations, we must put a stop to
this. The honorable Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Johnson] said, the other day, that our ex-
penses had become enormous; that they were in-
creasing; that they ought to be diminished; that
they were leading to corruption, and making this
Government one of the most corrupt in the world;
that he would reiterate these declarations and
these lessons in the ears of his countrymen on all
occasions. I hope he will go on to do so.
It is within the recollection of every gentleman
here that a great outcry was made against Mr.
Adams's administration, but a short while ago,
for expending, upon an average, thirteen million
or fourteen million dollars a year to carry on this
Government; but under a Democratic rule almost
ever since,Democracyhasincreased the expenses
of this Government'from thirteen million dollars
until they are now over seventy million dollars,
which is the least sum computed as necessary for
the annual expenses of this Government. In this
last year you have spent, as has been shown, if
there is any truth in arithmetic, §37,000,000 more
than your revenue of $48,000,000—I speak in
general numbers, not exactly according to the
figures. We are approaching another year; and
before we set our feet upon the threshold of that
coming year, before its first hour has come, we
are met by a demand for a loan of §15,000,000 to
commence with; and when a proposition is made
to accompany it which has the effect of increas-
ing the revenue, the Senator from Virginia de-
nounces it as raising revenue contrary to the pro-
visions of the Constitution, which forbid us to
originate a bill for raising revenue. Sir, ought
we not to begin to look about and see how we are
to redeem the debts that wc are contracting so
rapidly? When the first loan of $20,000,000 was
applied for, at the beginning of the session, I
thought and said then thnt weshould accompany
the measure for incurring the debt with some
measure for its redemption. That was not listened
to. You have come again, at the same session,
for another loan; and yet a feeble hope is ex-
pressed that our revenue need not be increased—
that it will increase itself when commerce revives.
The Senator from Geoigm tells you that he never
estimated that your present revenue law would
producc you more than fifty millions. How arc
you, out of that $50,000,000, to pay the current
expenses of the Government and accumulate a
fund to pay off the debts you have contracted?
We are dreaming, sir. These calculations are
such stuff as dreams are made of, and nothing
better. We sit down idly, and borrow and bor-
row money from day to day—two loans in one
session, and they only to provide for six months.
The times are su<*h thnt no calculation can be
made for distant periods. Our Secretary does
not venture upon them, wisely and prudently
enough. Wo arc like a man borrowing money
to go to market every day, hawking about our
credit from one year's end to another to raise
money to defray the ordmat y expenses of the
Government; and yet those who manage the af-
fairs of the Treasury turn a deaf ear "to eveiy
proposition for increasing our revenue for the pur-
pose of meeting these extwtoidiimry demands.
Sir, has it not been demonstrated, and is it not
demonstrable that in the next year you will require
00,000,000 to defray the expenses of the Govern-
ment, and pay off the $20,000,000 you have bor-
rowed 5 The Government has estimated for over
seventy millions. That will be increased. The cur-
rent expenses of the next year, according to appro-
priations, and aceoiding to estimates, will not he
less than eighty miiiion dollais. The $;20,000,000
of Treasury notes to be redeemed, will make
$100,000,000 to be met; and in the face of these cn-
eumstances, gentlemen put aside the disagieeable
necessity of making provision f*>r payment, by
saying trade will revive, and the revenue will ena-
ble us to go on in our course of expenditure, and
give us a fund to pay all these debts. I do not be-
iieve any such thing; but I think the fair, honest,
and bold way is at once to face tiie difficulty. It
is idle to blainc the past for what has been done.
WIn't hu.- been done, has heui done. Wc are in
debt.. \Ve want $100,000,000 next year, and we are
relying upon a revenue that will bring#50,000,000.
That is nut provident or wise, I think; and I vote
for the amendment, because, though it is not, in
the sense of the Constitution, a revenue bill, yet
by a, better means of collection and valuation
which it applies, it makes the same rate of taxa-
tion more productive. Though it does no more
than affect the system of collection, and therefore
steers clear of the Constitution, which says that
bills for revenue shall not originate in the Senate,
I vote for it because it prevents cheating; and
because, by preventing cheating, it makes the
amount of duty larger on foreign goods, increases
their value, and to that extent affords an encour-
agement to the labor of our own country. I look
to that also.
Sir, I do not know that any application has been
made to us to increase the revenues of the coun-
try in anticipation of a war with England. If
the eiccounts we have received of wrongs and in-
sults committed on the commerce of the country,
in the Gulf of Mexico, by British cruisers, be true,
I think we ought to be prepared and ready to resist
them to extremity, and the utmost extremity, of
honorable warfare. I am of no belligerent tem-
per; I want the peace of the world and the peace
of nations preserved; but I do not want to see it
preserved if it can only be preserved at the sacri-
fice of the rights and honor of this country. I
consider it a great aggravation of these wrongs, a
great aggravation of the insults, that they are com-
mitted in our own face, as it were, right on our
own coast. If these wrongs bo vindicated, and
be avowed and justified by England, I see no
peaceful escape for us but in pusillanimity and dis-
grace. I would no longer dispute with England
about any error of her abstract doctrine as to the
right of search or right of visitation. The war of
words is over; the argument is exhausted. I care
not what title she pleases to give to the principle
she contends for; 1 care not from what ancient
records, or what ancient pretensions she derives
it. She may indulge her own theory, and pride
herself in her own pretensions us long as she
pleases; but the moment she, under color of them,
or under any other color, commits an act of ag-
gression on our rights, an aggression on our honor,
I will fight hei with effect. She may have the
argument on the principle; I nuke no war on that;
I leave her to distinguish between the principle
which she will not ienounce, and the act which she
cannot justify. I will notquairel with her about
the principle, or her laws and rights on the sea,
though wc have our own notions about them.
Our vessels engaged in lawful commerce on the
seas are not to be called and stopped on their way.
The summons of the British cannon shall not
make one of thein change her course, and com-
mand her to give an account of heiself. No, sir;
that is a state of degradation and disgrace to
which I will not see my countrymen reduced, if
it can be prevented by any extremity of war. I
am ready for it whenever that necessity shall
come. 1 want to raise up no belligerent feeling
in the country. My policy, like my feelings, is
all for the preservation of the peace and harmony
of the world, as most advantageous to its liber-
ties, and most advantageous to the prosperity and
advancementof mankind; but wans not the worst
thing in the world. The silent submission to
wrong, or puling about it awhile until it is forgot-
ten, and then letting it pass—that is not the way
in which this brave nation should act. No, sir;
her honor, her character, her rights as a people,
must not be allowed to be violated with impunity.
I will vote, then, with my honorable friend from
Georgia on that point, when that tune shall come.
| I hope that time is far distant. I believe the lirit-
j ish Government will disavow the act, and will
I give us atonement, as we have a right to expect,
I and that she will make all the atonement which
| the honor and lights of the United States of Amer-
,J ica require. I believe she will doit, I cannot
j, think it possible that she will justify the aggres-
ij sive and offensive attack that has been pursued
|j by her cruisers in the Gulf of Mexico in all these
!;' cases.
![ I am happy to agree with my friend from Rhode
;j Island, and my friend from Georgia, as with all
:: those who have spoken upon the subject who
! have spoken m favor of this amendment, and with
| some of those who .are not in favor of it. I have
i not usually been so exceedingly cautious, pei haps,
[ as I ought to be in regard Jo the expenditures. I
have been willing to trust the Administration—
everyAdministration. Constitutionally they have,
to some extent, a claim upon our confidence.
Personally I am willing to give it. Then, again,
there is the risk of necessity. Those who have
the machine in their hands, those who manage it,
and those who work u, say it must stop unless
you give so much money. I say it is prodigal to
demand so much money; that you have abused
the public confidence, and wasted the public
money; hut still the«machine must not stop, and
I must give the money.
Sir, you talk about reform. The White House
is the center from which ail economy and all re-
forms must proceed. As long as thatgreathead
of the Government shall abstain from applying
himself to the work of reform we cannot do it.
What do I know about the estimates that the
Government send to me here? What do my
brother Senators know about these estimates m
any sense whatever? Very little; very little in-
deed.
I have reason to believe that everything this
Government wants to purchase costs them an
enormous price—not for want of fairness in the
administration of ourGov^mment, but on account
of the men who come around them and make these
contracts, and they have to pay the highest price
for every thing. There can be no economy unless
it begins there. You can have no system of econ-
omy unless it comes from there. You will have
bills for deficiencies, you will have extravagances
and money badly laid out, unless you can get a
system of economy which shall proceed from the
executive officers who control and manage the
disbursements. We may stop the wheels of Gov-
ernment by refusing to allow them money, but
that is a dieadful remedy—a remedy worse than
the disease. You submit to the disease rather
than make the feat ful cxpei iment of stopping the
Government, and yet you cannot, for the soul of
you, make those estimates and make those calcu-
lations which would enoble us to see what is tho
minimum sum for which this Government can bo
respectably administered. You can know it only
by historic fact You know that twenty-five or
thirty years ago the Government was administered
for thirteen or fourteen million dollars. You know
that during the Mexican war it was administered,
with all the war expenses, at $48,000,000. You
sec the annual expenditures now, in time of peace,
without extraordinary causes, increased to sev-
enty-five or eighty million dollars. You see tho
estimates for the next year, when all (hose ex-
traordinary causes have passed away, and what
arc to be our expenditures next year? Eighty mil-
lion dollars for current expenses, and $20,000,000
added for sums anticipated by loans and by Treas-
ury notes, making, altogether, $100,000,000.
1 agree that the progress of the expenses of this
Government has been fughtful; that u calls upon
us by overy considcuition to apply ourselves, by
all means in our power, to correct this great and
growingarid destructive evil. But, I say again, the
people of the United States must go to the Execu-
tive Departments for any effective system of re form
to be slioi tly applied. My friend from Georgia, I
fear—though 1 am willing to see that experiment
made—cannot bringdown the expenses of this
Government simply by saying " I will vote no
P more than $50,000,00*0." It is enough. God
'| knows it is enough. Still, you will be pressed
;! with th<sso evils of extravagance, and these defi
;j eiency bills. That i^ what I am afraid of—that
!] they would be encouraged to make contracts im-
jj posing obligations upon us. I doubt whether we
:■ can do it in that way, or in any other, unless the
, President of the United States, now when his at-
i tention is called to this great and growing and
overwhelming evil, shall apply himself to one of
, his greatest and highestcon^titutional duties—to
; enforce the administration of every department of
the Government to the stnetest accountability.
1 Sir, we may find extravagances, useless expend-
,, iture, here m the Senate of the United States. I
have no doubt of it. The expenses of the judi-
1 ciary department have increased4n a mostextra-
1 ordinary and unexampled manner. So it is in
, every department of the Government. Every-
where there can be means found for retrench-
ment. None can do it so well as the Executive
■1 Departments, each for itself. The President, pre-
