402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
be. permitted to vote only for the constitution !
framed and submitted to them by.usurpers, and
only for a constitution with slavery. And this is
popular sovereignty under Democratic rule! I
shall not join in this libel upon the Constitution
of hiy country, that slavery exists in Kansas or
anywhere else under, or by virtue Of, that sacred
instrument. I know that one of its immortal
authors, sometimes called the Father of the Con-
stitution, said "that it would be wrong to admit in
the Constitution that there could be property in
men." I know that he who sleeps in his quiet tomb
on the banks of the beautiful Potomac—sometimes
called the Father of his Country—has said that
the Constitution 'Ms perfectly free in its princi-
ples." I know that it declares upon its face that
no person, whether white or black, shall be de-
prived of life, liberty, or property, but by due
process of law; and that it was ordained by the
people to establish justice! I know that by a law
maae under and pursuant.to that Constitution,
the traffic in men upon the high seas, under our
flag, is a crime, and punishable with death. Can
it be that this traffic, which, upon the seas, by
the law of the Constitution, is a crime worthy of
death, and punished with death, is upon land a
right, a sacred right, sanctioned by the Constitu-
tion,and not to be restricted or interfered wjth by
the fundamental law of any State in this Union?
If this be so, tyrants may call the roll of their
slaves on Bunker Hill, and upon the very grave
which holds the hallowed dust of the first great
martyr in the cause of our own American liberty.
Such, sir, is not the Constitution of the United
States. That instrument guaranties liberty, not
slavery; justice, not injustice; a republican Gov-
ernment resting upon the consent and uphold-
ing the inborn rights of the governed, not a
despotism or an oligarchy fastened upon the
people by brute force and upheld by brute force.
The Constitution of the United States limits the
sovereignty of the people in the formation of State
constitutions to this extent, that their constitution
must be republican, that it must not impair but
sustain ana secure the universal and imprescrip-
tible rights of life, and liberty, and property,
When the people of the Territories frame such
constitutions, Congress may admit them into the
Union. That Congress is the final arbiter on the
question of the formation of new States within
our Territories is clear, for unless the constitution
framed by the people of a Territory be affirmed and
approved by Congress, no State is organized, and
tne constitution so framed does not become law.
Your Kansas-Nebraska act recognizes this prin-
ciple to the fullest extent. It declares that the
people of the Territory are left " perfectly free to
form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way, subject only to the Constitution
of the United States."
Who is to judge whether the institutions formed
by the people of a Territory conform to the Con-
stitution of the United States ? Manifestly Con-
gress, inasmuch as Congress alone can admit or
reject the proposed State. It is the right of the
people of a Territory to form a republican con-
stitution, which in its provisions does not contra-
vene natural justice or the supreme law of the
land; and when they, having sufficient numbers
to sustain a State government, do frame such a
constitution, it is the duty of Congress to admit
them under it into the Union. No higher or more
important duty than the admission of new States
into the Union is imposed upon the Congress of
the United States. If, therefore, the Lecompton
constitution had emanated from the people of Kan-
sas; if it had been the expression of their will; if
it had been republican and not inconsistent with
or repugnant to the Constitution of the United
States, it would have been clearly our duty to
have approved it, and to have given to it the au-
thority of law by admitting Kansas under it into
the Union as a State.
I have already said, and it has been conceded
on this floor, that this constitution does not ema-
nate from the people of Kansas, and does not ex- j
press their will. For that reason it is our duty to *
reject it; but if tho whole people of Kansas had
solemnly ratified and adopted this instrument, at
either of their recent elections, I affirm that it
would still be our duty to reject it. It would be
our duty to reject it, because it contravenes the
plainest principles ofthe Constitution of the United
States; because it legalizes the wanton and contin-
ued violation of the rights of life and liberty and
property; because itis a constitution not fit to be j
made,and such as no people or State can, of right,
make; and because it is a constitution which could
only originate in a base conspiracy against the lib-
erties of the country, and the sacred rights of hu-
man nature. Consider this! What do we sanction
by affirming this Lecompton constitution ? First,
the wild and guilty fantasy of property in man;
the coarse and brutal atrocity of merchandise m
human souls. The first section of the seventh ar-
ticle contains these words: " The right of proper-
ty" * * * * "to a slave and its increase
is " * # # # before and higher than
any constitutional sanction;" and, although the
article itself had been rejected by the people at the
election, yet its provision would still stand, and
the right«of property in slaves is held irrevocable.
The American Congress to sanction this ! The
American Congress to declare that the right to
hold men, and women, and children, as property,
and to sell them as chattels, is inviolable, and be-
fore and higher than any constitutional sanction !
I submit, if by any fiction you can convert a
child into property, it is a fact before and higher
than any human law or constitution that the prop-
erty of the child is in its parents to the exclusion
of the stranger. By enacting this Lecompton
constitution, you would reverse this great fact of
nature, or rather violate this right of nature, and
declare it lawful to steal from the parent his child.
If you will by law degrade one portion of the hu-
man family in to chattels, for God's sake do not by
law reduce another portion to the still lower level
of thieves. After you shall have enacted your stat-
ute, will not the law of the stone table still stand,
" Thou shalt not steal ?" After you shall have
enacted your statute declaring it lawful to send
little children to the auction block for sale, will
they not still be as sacred, whether an African
or an Indian, a European or an American sun
first burned upon them, as they were in that day
when the Nazarene, whose intense holiness shed
majesty over the manger and the straw, said:
" Suffer little children to come unto me, and for-
bid them not, for of such is the kingdom of
heaven ?"
In keeping, sir, with the atrocious provision of
the Lecompton constitution declaring property in
man, is the furtherprovision, which declares4' that
all freemen, when they form a social compact, are
equal in rights." By adopting>this we are asked
to say, that the self-evident truth of the Decla-
ration that " all men are created equal," is a
self-evident lie; a glittering generality; a rhetor-
ical flourish, unconstitutional and undemocratic;
that the self-evident truth now in these latter days
is, that men are not created, but, like Topsy, they
grow; and they are equal in rights only " when
they are free and form a social compact." Allow
me to ask the advocates and supporters of this
Lecompton bill of rights—this new declaration of
self-evident truths—what rights men have before
they are free and form asocial compact? Are they
then, by endowment of their Creator, possessed of
the rights of life and liberty? Or, outside of your
social compact, is there an inferior class of human
beings, " who," as the majority of the Supreme
Court said in the Dred Scott decision, " have no
rights or privileges but such as those who hold
the power and Government, may choose to grant
them?" This is the procise principle and aver-
ment of this Lccompton constitution; and we, by
affirming it, are only to become the avowed up-
holders of the stupendous lie, that one class of
men have no rights which another are bound to
respect; and hence, the partial and exclusive pro-
vision of the ninth section of the bill of rights of
this instrument, which is—
" 9th. That no freeman shall he taken, or imprisoned, or
disseized of Ins freehold, liberties, or privileges, or outlawed,
or exiled, or in any matmei destroyed or deprived of In-, lute,
liberty,or property, bat by the judgment ot his peers or the
law of the land."
"No freeman:" the words of necessity im-
port that any person not a freeman, any slave,
any human chattel, may be taken and imprisoned,
disseized of his freehold, liberties, and privileges,
outlawed, exiled, and murdered,without the judg-
ment of his peers, and without the protection of
law. That this instrument may want in no pro-
vision of horrid cruelty, it is further therein pro-
vided, that "free negroes shall net be permitted to
live in this Stale under any circumstances." Sir,
they are mere "visionary theorists" who sup-
pose that this world was not made for Cassar,
but for man—that it belongs only to the com-
mon Father of all, and is for the use and suste-
nance of all his children. We are to say, by our
act of affirmance of this instrument, to certain hu-
man beings in the Territory of Kansas, though
you were born in thisTerritory, and born of free
parents, though you are a human being and no
chattel, yet you are not free to live here upon
your native heath; you must be disseized of your
freehold liberties and privileges, withoutthe judg-
ment of your peers and withoutthe protection of
law. Though born here, you shall not, under any
circumstances, be permitted to live here. You
must suffer exile or death—you cannot and shall
not live here. That sky which you first saw, and to
which weary men look up for hope and consolation
—that beautiful sky which bendsabove your hum-
ble home like the arms of beneficence clasping in
its embrace the evil and the good, the just and the
unjust—that sky was not made for you; you shall
not live under it. This land, this goodly land,
with its fertile fields, and quiet waters, and rustic
homes, where you first learned to lisp the hal-
lowed name of father, sister, brother, and where
sleeps in humble hope the sacred dust of your
poor dead mother—this land was not made for
you; you shall not, under any circumstanccs, be
permitted to live upon it; go hence, nevermore
to return: that is our law. Representatives! will
you give to this proposed atrocity your official
sanction? Answer upon your oaths, to your con-
science, to your country, and to your God!
[Here the hammer fell.)
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, obtained the floor,
but gave way to
Mr. BOCOCK, who moved that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Winslow reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill making appropriations for the invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 30,1859, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
OMISSION IN ENROLLMENT.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union l>e discharged iron) the further consideration
ofthe bill to supply the omission in the enrollment of a cer-
tain act therein named, with a view to put the same on its
immediate passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Pat-
ent Office, transmitting certain additional papers
to be appended to the mechanical part of the Pat-
ent Office report; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting a copy of the report of
J. Ross Browne on the Indian affairs of Wash-
ington and Oregon Territories.
Mr. &UITMAN. I move that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and be printed.
Mr. GREEN WOOD. This communication, I
suppose, is in response to a resolution emanating
from the Committee on Indian Affairs. I sup-
pose it should be referred to that committee.
Mr. QUITMAN. Itis in response, I presume,
to a resolution which came from the Committee
on Military affairs.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs presented a resolution calling for the
information which is there communicated.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Arkansas inform the Chair on what day the res-
olution offered at the instance of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was passed.
Mr. GREENWOOD. It was passed during
the execution of the order of the House calling the
States for bills and resolutions.
