1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 0.
ta any other way, I shall claim it as a personal
privilege. No Senator shall say that I have not
stated the case truthfully.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. FITCH. Then I claim it as a special priv-
ilege; a personal one.
Miv DOUGLAS. I trust the Senator will be
allowed to present his proof on the point of the
issue he tries to make. I hope it will be permitted.
Several Senators. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair in-
terposes with great reluctance, but he cannot see
the pertinency of the discussion, now pending be-
tween the Senator from Illinois and the Senator
Yrom Indiana, to the bill before the Senate, and
therefore respectfully suggests that this personal
debate is not pertinent to the question.
J$r. FITCH. Then I shall content myself with
simply saying that the denial of the Senator of
the record, which I have read, is in itself an un-
truth. There is the record 
Mr. DOUGLAS. That last declaration is un-
necessary. The record proves his statement to
be an untruth, and I am willing to abide by it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair calls
the Senators to order.
Mr. FITCH. Will the Presiding Officer per-
mit the record to be read ? I read a portion of it,
and itis proper, after this denial, to read the whole.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Ifelr. F1TCII. Itis too late for the Senator from
Illinois to rmae a question of vcracity with the
record, with me, or with any one else here.
Mr, HALE. I object.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not trying to make a
question of veracity. I have not said a word
about the Senator from Indiana or his course. I
have only said that a charge of infidelity to Min-
nesota could not be truthfully uiged against me
[the Presiding Officer rapped for order] and I
repel the charge. I have not arraigned lain for
his course 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is out of order. The Chair rules
that both Senators are out of order, and that the
discussion is improper. (u Question !" " Ques-
tion !"] If no further amendment be offered, the
bill will be reported to the Senate.
[Mr. Fitcii having asked that the whole rec-
ord be read, at his request it is hereto appended:
" Mr. Green. I move to fake up the bill (S. No. 161) for
the admission of the .State of Kansas into the Union, toi the
purpose of then moving lo make it a special order.
"The mfition was agreed to; and the bill was read a
second time.
" Mr. Gkeen. I move that it bo made the special order
for to morrow at one o'clock, if it meets geueial approba-
tion. fSay Monday.] My object is, to get the. question out
of the \vay,t'oi it impedes the progress of all other subjects.
It will be discussed lor some considerable time, and eveiy-
body will have a (air opportunity to discuss it before final
action.
"Mr. Seward. My vote on that motion will depend
somewhat on what we can ascertain as to the piobable
course of debate, f beg leave to ask, if the Senator has no
objection, whether he intends to take the floor, as I suppose
is his right, at the tune appointed, and whether there is any
understanding that the members of the committee are to go
on with the debate, or whether it will devolve on somebody
else? I want to sp'enk on this question on such a day as I
can consistently with the rights of tbc members of the Com-
mittee on 'IVriitoiies.
" Mr. Gkeen. In reply to the Senator's question, I can
inform him that, so lar as I am concei ned, I shall desire to
do nothing but to make ahttle statement, reserving myright
to answer'whatever may be said against the piiuciplesof
therepoit. I believe the niajonty of the committee have
no desire to push themselves forward in the debate, liastilj,
at any time. Of course they reserve their light to be heaid
during the process of the debate. What the mi notify may
desire to do, I am uot able to say. The friends of the meas-
ute generally aic not disposed to pievent a fair heat mg on
iill sides, so fai as the Senate may desire, and will not un-
dertake to crowd u tinough, unless a luctious opposition be
set up, winch we do not apprehend.
Mr. Docglas. I ii-e to make a remark on another
point. I have observed, in a very laige number of news-
papers, of various political complexions, that have come
to me witlun the last lew da>^, that duung the ten days t
was confined to my house in consequence of illness, re-
ports went out from hoie in which it was stated that it was
believed a caucusof Democratic Senators had formally read
out of the paity my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.]
ray friend irom California, [Mi. Brodkrick,] and myself,
i rise t'oi the puiposeof asking my friend l'tom Rhode Island,
[Mr. Allen,J who wa^tlie-pnss-ideutofthat caucus, whether
there i-> any until in tho^e statements5
"Mr. Allkw 1 was the piesiding officer of that caucus;
but I heaid nothing of icadmgoutanymemberof the Dem-
ociatic party from that caucus
" Mr. Dorons. C supposed such was the ease, and yet
I thought it was pioper to call on the chautnan of the cau-
cus to make this statement, as I was absent and had no
means of knowing what was done, except on the informal
inquiries I have made, to which I received the same an-
swer. I will take occasion to remark, tfrat daring the four-
teen years t have been fiere, no caucus has ever yet been
held by which the right was claimed to make any measure
a party measure. It was not done on the Nebraska bill; it
never has been done on any other bill. I understand it has
not been dope on this Lecompton questioti. The friends
of the Nebraska bill met—men of all paities; and the op-
ponents of the Nebraska bill met—men of all parties. The
fiiends of the Lecompton constitution may meet, and its
opponents also; but no party caucus has ever yet taken ju-
risdiction of a mcasuie to declare it a party measure, much
less have they undertaken to read anybody out of a party
for differing from them.
"Mr. Iverson. At the suggestion of my friend fiom In-
diana, [Mr. Fitch,] I will take occasion to make a le-
sponse to the inquiry of the Senator from Illinois; and it is
proper I should do so, inasmuch as the only action of that
caucus was on a resolution whi<?h I offered.
" Mr. Toombs. I .will take the liberty with my colleague,
which I do in the kindest manner possible, and piobably I
would not have done it to any other Senator, but I can take
the liberty with my colleague on account of our relations,
to object to these explanations in the Senate of what look
place m caucus. I hope mv colleague will Jet it diop. I
say it in the kindest spint. Those gentlemen who choose
to bung it forward here may do so.
" Mi. Ivrrson. My only object was to disabuse the mind
of the Senator from Illinois.
" The Vice President. The Chair must rule that these
explanations aie not in order.
" Mr. Dopglas. I trust the Senator from Georgia may
be permitted to make his statement. It is infoimal. but I
ti ust there will be no objection to it. As he says he offered
the resolution, I think it is proper he should now have an
oppoi tututy of explaining.
"The Vice President. The Chair did not arrest there-
marks which have been made, though they were none of
them strictly in order.
" Mr. Benjamin. I shall renew the objection. I do not
think this is in order.
" Mr. Douglas. I do not wish to pu«h this question any
furthoi. It has gone far enough. I understand the resolu-
tion winch was offered was to the effect that it was con-
ceded on all hand* that the caucus disclaimed such right,
intention, or power.
"Mi. Green. I wish, in further response to the interrog-
ator of the Senator fiom Now York, to remark that, on
consultation with one of the minority of the committee, I
shall waive my light to make anv opening lemaiks at all,
but let the debate go on and take it* fullest range.
"Mr. Collamer. I undeistand that, bv the ordinary
usage of the Senate, the gentleman who presents the leport
of I he committee ha-* the puvilege, and it is expected of him
generally, that fie •«liouUI open the debate, that we may be
po^se^ed of the view-: he piopo^es to pievent, and the ar-
guments which lie calcinates to rely upon in support of his
position. It is «iKo hi-i puvilege to close the debate. We
understand that; but wo understand generally m law, and
cei tainlv in piopnetv, that, if a gentleman waives his open-
ing. he waives his close, if that is understood, itis all very
well.
" Mr. Green. That is not understood.
"'Mi Collamer. Then I understand the gentleman
means to close, though lie docs not mean to make an open-
ing. According to ttiat view, the gentleman is distinctly lo
understand that I muit close upon his closing; for it is the
only time I shall have to answer. I take it, there can be
no objection to that.
"Mr. Green. Under ordinary circumstances, it might
be insisted on with a little more pertinacity that I should
open the deflate on tiu-^ matter; but I have made one elab-
orate speech on this subject, 1 have made my report; and I
shall not, in my remaiks, deviate from the principles and
from the facts as therein set forth. My object will be to
vindicate them as availed and attacked, not to restate prin-
ciples, positions, and facts that I have heretofore stated,
lie can reply to that, and then I will tespond, if I see proper
to do so.
" Mi. Oot.lamfu. It is my privilege, also,to have made
a report, in winch I have stated my views, m common with
my associate on the committee who agieed with me in opin-
ion, the Senator from Ohio, fMr.wadn:] but i do not con-
sidei thatth.it in anv way precludes me from enlarging upon
tho?.e views, nor does if relieve me from the duty, perhaps,
of elaboiatmg and sustaining theui. So it is with the Sen-
ator fiom Mwsouu; but the view I have is very obvious
from genetal Usage.
Cl Mi. Green, i am willing to do if, or to waive it.
" Mt. Collamer. I do not me.in to uigc the gentleman
to open the case ; Imt I do not wish him to close a debate
winch he has noi opened. I want it distinctly understood
that he is not to clo->c u if lie does not open it. It that is
undei«tood it is all veiy well
" Mr. Grcen. 11 the Senatoi desires me to open it, he
shall be gratified. I supposed 1 was gratifying them by
waiving my light to open ; but it it i^> insisted upon, he shall
be gratified to his lieai t1s content.
" Mr. Collamer. I have distinctly stated, and I now
restate, as the gentleman does not ciioo-e to understand
me, that I do not request him to open H, but t request that,
if he will riot open, he will not clo^e it.
" Mr. Green. 1 do not think he need have so much ap-
prehension about my ability m closing.
"Mi. Hale Before the question is taken, as I feel a little
responsibility about the Army bill, I w ish to know what is
the intention as to that* Is this subject to supersede it.?
" Mr. Iverson. I fake this occasion to say what I de-
sired to say. and should have said some tune during the pro-
gress of the morning, that, as soon as the personal discus-
] sion between the two Senatois from Tennessee shall have
ended, 1 shall a&k the Senate to ptoceed to the consideia-
■ tion of the Army bill, with a view to press it as rapidly as
possible to a conclusion. The chauman of the Committee
on Military AUaii* is so unwell that he will not be able to
be here for some days, perhaps a week oi ten davs. It is
useless, thetefore, to keep the Anny bill back in conse-
quence of his indisposition, and we ought to get r.d of it as
soon as possible. I shall endeavoi to press th<> Aimy bill to-
day, and, if itis possible, to get a vote of the Senate upon it. {j
"Mr. Sewjirii. What is the motion now?
"The Vice President. That the bill for the admission
of Kansas be made the special order for to-morrow, at one
o'clock.
".Mr. Seward. We may have the Army bill befoie us,
and the present day is mortgaged. I would suggest the day
aftei to-monow, or Monday.
" Several Senators. Say Friday.
"Mr. Green. Well, Friday will do. I move to make it
th^pecial order for that day.
" Mi-.Doolittle. I move to amend the motion by striking
out Friday and inserting Monday. To-day is undoubtedly
to be occupied, and the Army bill cannot be disposed of
very soon. [" No, No!"] I withdraw the motion with the
understanding that the Arn)y bill is to be fiist disposed of.
"Mr. Collamer. It is a matter of accommodation with
gentlemen to fix the time when it can be taken up. Putting
it for to-morrow, or the next day, leaves the matter in per-
fect uncertainty. Those of m who feel it to be our duly to
participate in the debate, perhaps early, should like to know
what is the certainty. It you say Monday we shall know
that there is something certain.
"Mr. Toombs. Let us take it up on Friday if we can
get to it after disposing of the Army bill.
"Mr. Collamer. But that leaves us hi uncertainty as to
the time when it will be taken up
" The Vice President. The motion is to make the bill
the special older foi Friday next at one o'clock.
" Mr. Collamer. I move to amend the motion by saying
Monday.
" The amendment was adopted; and the motion, as
amended, was agreed to.-*']
Mr. PUGH. I am satisfied, on looking at the
rule, that it is necessary to offer my amendment
before the bi)l is reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is in order now.
Mr. PUGH. The preamble recited the assem-
bling of a convention in pursuance of an act of;'
Congress, and many other things, which, in my
judgment, are not literally correct, and I prefer
that the preamble of the bill should follow a much
safer precedent—the precedent in the case of the
State of California. The preamble to that bill was
in these words:
" Whereas, the people of California have presented a
constitution, and nsk admission into the Union, which con-
stitution was submitted to Congie** by the President of the
United States, by message,dated February 13,1850, which,
on due examination, is found to be republican in itsfonn of
government "
Nothing was said as to compliance with an act
of Congress. I move to strike out all after the
word " whereas" in the preamble to this bill, and
insert:
" The people of Minnesota have asked for admission into
the Union as a State, and have submitted a constitution,
which, on due examination, is found to be republican in us
form of government.55
Mr. SIMMONS. Let us have the preamble
that is proposed to be stricken out read.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
" Whereas, an act of Congress was passed February 2S,
1857, entitled ' An act to authorize the people of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota to foim a constitution andStategovern-
ment preparatory to their admission into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States;' and whereas, the
people of said Territory did. on the 29th day of August, 1837,
by delegates elected for that puipose, form forthemselves a
constitution and State government, which is republican in
form, and was ratified and adopted by the people, at an
election held on the 13th day of October, 1857, for that pur-
pose, in puisuanee of said act of Congress."
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to know what
object there is in striking that out. Does it not
recitc the true history of the affair?
Mr. PUGH. I supposed, after the long discus-
sion on the Minnesota case, that Senators were
sufficiently aware that there never was any con-
vention in Minnesota. In the first place, they
erroneously construed the act of Congress. That
required the convention to consist of twice as
many delegates as there were representatives m
the Territorial Legislature. They commenced by
electing twice as many delegates as there were
councilors and representatives in the Legislature.
Then they never had a single body, but two bodies
met in which persons claiming seats, contestants,
sat. If you took the whole number together, you
had more than the extraordinary construction
would allow; and if you took either of them sep-
arately, you had not the convention which the act
of Congress required. There never was any body
corresponding to the convention required by the
act of Congress.
Then they remitted the constitution to a vote
of the people, but, as I have stated before, they
expressly refused to allow any man to vote either
for or against the constitution, unless he would
vote for all the officers under it at the same time,
and on the same ticket. Now, I want to know
from my friend from Rhode Island, who has been
criticising the vote in Kansas on the 21st of De-
