1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45X
35th Cong...1§t Sess,
Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
siding over al!, can alone give the impulse to the
correction of this evil, or save us from evils un-
told that are yet to come if we go on in this way.
If twenty or thirty years have advanced our ex*
pendituivsfrom $14,000,000 to $75,000,000 a year,
what will they be in twenty-five years more? The
enormity of them isfrightful. Wemuststop. We
have not the means of going on in this course of
extravagance Let us do this while we can. Let
us raise this little protection. Let us cure these
frauds that are practiced upon our revenue, small
as they may appear to be. We cannot originate
a bill in the Senate for raising revenue, I acknowl-
edge. If we could,! should deem it the bounden
duty of the chairman of the Committee on Finance
to introduce a bill instantly upon that subject; but
I hear of no such thing anywhere. Borrowing
money is an easy mode of obtaining it; but to think
of collecting and getting together moans to pay
debts, is a more disagreeable obligation, a more
disagreeable duty in respect to individuals, as well
as to States. That is the disagreeable part. To
borrow is easy, almost as easy as it is to beg, and
pretty nearly as bad. Borrowing is rather super-
lative, and begging the positive. That is about
the whole of it. I do not say that it is unwise
under the circumstances to borrow. I say it is
wist-; but to borrow $35,000,000 in one year, I
confess astonishes me.
I hope, Mr. President, that the amendment of
my friend from Rhode Island will bo adopted. If
adopted, I may vote even for this bill, because I
do not knoftv how to avoid it; but it is not as a
matter of volition, not as a matter of judgment,
but as a matter of necessity, that I shall vote for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The bill authorizing a loan notexceedingthesum
of $15,000,000 is before the Senate, to which bill
the Senator from Rhode Island moved an amend-
ment, to which amendment the Senator fiom Vir-
ginia took exception, making a point of order that
the amendment cannot bo received in consequence
of a constitutional inhibition.
Mr. STUART. I desire to appeal to the Sen-
ator from Virginia to waive that preliminary ques-
tion. The same result will be arrived at on a vote.
I confess 1 should prefer that course. I hope he
will agree to it.
- Mr. HUNTER. I will do so if the Senate are
ready to vote, so that we may have one vote in-
stead of two. ["Question! question!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. DAVIS. The closing remarks of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky impose upon me very reluct-
antly the necessity of making-some reply. In
the same breath he argues for economy, and for
on increase of the revenues of the country. Blow-
ing hot and cold he proposes to increase the duty
upon imports, in order that ho may reduce the
expenditures of the Government. It his purpose
were economy, it would seem that he would take
the other direction, that he should seek rather to
depress than increase the revenues of the coun-
try, known to fill the Treasury to overflowing
whenever our commerce is m a prosperous state,
it is temporarily checked by the revulsion which
has met our commerce at home and abroad; but
that constitutes no rule,which is applicable for any
longer period of time to come.
Then the Senator says that we are to look to
the White House for all retrenchment and reform
and progress in economy. Now, to take a sup-
posable case: if the honorable Senator were in
the White House, what power would he have to
take one dollar out of the Treasury? None, sir.
Money can only be drawn from the Treasury by
appropnations of Congress What power would
he have to impress upon Congiess retrenchment
and the reduction of expenditure ? None, save the
veto power, and that has been exercised against
his vote for expenditure, time and again. What-
ever be the motive of economy, it is as operative
on the position of a Senator here, as upon the
Executive in the White House. The Senator
who votes large appropriations here, and seldom
votes against them, is nardly the man to demand
to be selected to resist those appropriations, if he
should be transferred to another sphere.
Bui, with a view to make a lick at what he pleased
to call the Democratic ruie of the country, h® al-
luded to the very low expenditures which existed
in Mr. Adams's time", and the heavy expenditures
which have been incurred since. But the Senator
had a more intimate connection with an Admin-
istration of a more recent date. Why did he not
take that, when the expenses rose steadily until
the obligations incurred in the last year of that Ad-
ministration went over $44^000,000, $46,000,000,
$50,000,000? There has been a necessary increase
of the expenditures of the Government, and some
of it has been unnecessary; but the responsibility
rests not upon the executive department only; it
begins here. It is not, as argued^ the result of
the estimates which are sent to Congress. Those
estimates are the result of the laws you make. If
you desire to reduce the expenditures of the coun-
try, legislate upon the object of those expendi-
tures. Change the service, and then the expend-
iture goes down at onec. If you insist upon
maintaining the service in any particular form,it
belongs then to the executive officers of the Gov-
ernment to estimate for the money that will effect
the service which the legislation of the country
requires.
This is the place to begin retrenchment—the
Congress of the United States. Much more fre-
quently have I seen recommendations from Exec-
utive Departments to change the service so as to
promote economy, than I have seen votes in Con-
gress to sustain the recommendations. Spasmodic
exhibitions of an economical desire are frequently
brought forth in both Houses of Congress; but
the votes upon the great appropriation bills, the
objects of the expenditure to which the estimates
are made, I have seldom seen.
What shall we gain, sir, by refusing a carefully
prepared statement of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, sustained by tlie Finance Committee, for a
loan? Do you reduce the expenditures by lefus-
ing a loan? If they need the money to execute
the service imposed upon them, the necessary
consequence is one of two: either that the service
fails, or that they run in debt and come hack
with a deficiency bill. I prefer to meet questions
face to face. Let reform begin here, by changing
the objects of expenditure. Let it be in a dtrect
manner; then cut down the estimates to corre-
spond to the service to be rendered; and then
appropriate according to your reduced estimates.
It is worse than idle to say I will withhold this
or that sum contained in an estimate, and yet re-
quire the service to be performed.
Mr. BELL. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. BELL. I see, by the tenor of the Sena-
tor's remarks, that it is impossible for this debate
to be closed to-night until a late hour.
Mr. DAVIS. I can close mine. You may go
on if you please.
Mr. BELL. That is not my object. Will the
Senator allow me 
Mr. D 'WIS. To do what.?
Mr. BELL. I think, from the position the hon-
orable Senator has assumed here, that economy
must commence in Congress, not depending on
the will or policy of the Executive, that he will
be obliged to extend his remarks to a consider-
able extent in order to support his position; and
I tiust he will give way to a motion -to adjourn
now, after the remarks he has already made.
["No! no!"]
Mr DAVIS. I will merely say that the posi-
tion 
Mr. BELL. I do not propose, if the honorable
Senator will permit me, to speak against the will
of the Senate; but 1 should feel compelled, on a
measure of this importance brought to the notice
of the Senate only yesterday, that it should not
be concluded under such circumstances without
further investigation.
Mr. DAVIS. I have nothing to do with forcing
a vote. It is very little that I intend to say, and
if I stop now, I shall never add anything to what
I have said.
Mr. BELL. Very well; I only made the sug-
gestion. I see there is a very great anxiety to get
a vote.
Mr. DAVIS. I thank the Senator from Ten-
nessee; but I have no extended speech to make.
The little I have to say I prefer to say now.
The Senator misunderstood me in supposingl
said economy was notatallaffected by the-Execu-
tive Departments. Both are responsible; and that
man of so long experience and such demonstrative
capacity, Mr. Calhoun, once said on the floor of
this Chamber that'it was not to be done here, it
was not to be done in the executive department
alone, but in the two cooperating together. A ju-
dicious expenditure of the money appropriated,
and estimates for no more than is absolutely re-
quired , belong to the Executive. The objects of
expenditure and the money granted -belong to
Congress. Wouldyou hold a Secretary or a Pres-
ident responsible for large expenditures for in-
ternal improvements, where both are opposed to
them—the one giving his vetoes on bills for such
purposes, and the other charged with the disburse-
ment of money found in his hands appropriated
by Congress ? If so, it would be vastly unjust.
But if he squandered the money in his hands, if
he applied if. to other purposes than those con-
templated by legislation, then, I say, he would
be responsible. Then you might charge, him
with wastefulness, with improvidence, with mal-
feasance; but the just application of the appropri-
ation made to the object, for which it was made,
is the duty of the Executive.
Then, again, your deficiency bills show you
conclusively, I think, that the estimates are made
at the lowest possible figure to execute Lhe work.
Those estimates from exports, I may say, are
very frequently cut down_after they are brouglrt
in to the officer who has closely examined the
subject, under some hope that a change in your
administration will reduce the expenses. At last
some contingency arises, and a deficiency occurs.
If you lay your hand upon an occasion where an
executive officer himself departed from a just and
wise course of administration, and thus created a
deficiency, there you arraign neither the man's
head nor his motive; but executive office re,no more
than ourselves, are prophets. When this session
began, we found in progress a campaign against
the Mormons, in the Territory of Utah. I had
not the foresight that enabled me to tell what
would be the result. I have not now, notwith-
standing the rumors which are flying through the
air. 1 doubt if there be a great deal of truth in
them. I think there is reason to hope that there
will be no conflict of arm's; but, as I said on a
former occasion, that does not vary much the ser-
vice or the expenditure; that, to preserve order
in that count) y by military-force, if that be the
policy, will require nearly as much money with-
out conflict as with it.
The Senator from Georgia'[Mr. Toombs] did
injustice to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Flo spoke of a proposition to raise five regiments
being a recommendation, at the beginning of tlio
session, from the executive officer in chaigc of the
War Department; and he spoke of the Committee
on Military Affairs as bringing in about the same
thing. It was not the same thing.
Mr. TOOMBS. It was for the same number
of men.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; it was not for the same
number of men.
Mr. TOOMBS. My impression was that it
proposed an equal, if not a greater number.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I am sure the Senator will
not object to being corrected. It was to make
each regiment consist of twelve companies; that
is, fifteen regiments were to be increased by an
addition of two companies: that is, thirty compa-
nies, or three regiments of ten companies each.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then there was another sec-
tion to carry up the number of each company to
ninety-six.
Mr. DAVIS. It was to increase the maximum
of each company under certain circumstances,
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that carried it further
than the five regiments, and it exceeded the de-
mand of the Department for men. I should be
glad to be corrected if I am in error.
Mr. DAVIS. That was never put to a vote.
My recollection is that it was withdrawn by the
committee.
Mr. TOOMBS. I spoke of the report of the
committee.
Mr. DAVIS. Thirty companies were all that
it was proposed to add; and it was proposed to
add them with a view to the service then press-
ing upon us, without any possibility, o*i the part
