404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
The SPEAKER. That is immaterial. I
Mr JEWETT. I presented an amendment!
before the call for the previous question. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not enter- j
tain the amendment of the gentleman from Ken- \
tucky, for the reason that the proposition then '
pending was a proposition to suspend the rules ,
to enable the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] :
to introduce his resolution. 1
Mr. HUGHES, (at a quarter to five, p. m.) I
move that the House do now adjourn; and 011 that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only ten
members voting therefor.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was not agreed to; there being, on a division,
ayes 17, noes J01.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to put an inquiry to the Chair. When the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio was first
read, I rose to my feet and announced that I de-
sired to offer an amendment, which I immediately
sent to the Glerk's desk, before the motion to sus-
pend the rules was made; and I wish to know of
the Chair if that amendment came too late ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was not in
order m moving his amendment; first, because j
"the rules had not been suspended to permit the J
gentleman from Ohio to introduce his resolution;
and, second, because, so soon as the rules were j
suspended, the floor, according to universal par-
liamentary courtesy and propriety, was assigned
to the gentleman from Ohio, who demanded the
previous question; so that the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Hughes] has not had an opportunity
of presenting his amendment in such form as that
it could be recognized by the Chair.
Mr. HUGHES, i appeal to the House to vote
down the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio what the usual compensation to a stenogra-
pher is ?
Mr. STANTON. I will answer the gentleman
with gr?at pleasure. I understand he is paid by
the folio; so that the pay depends upon the amount
of work. It is impossible to say what the amount
would be.
Mr. FLORENCE. That was tho only diffi- '
culty with me. I do not know what the usual
compensation is. How much is it a folio ?
Mr. HUGHES, (at ten minutes to five o'clock,
p. m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division, ayes 29, noes 105.
The question recurred on the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 102, noes 15.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the House adjourn now,
does not tho question come up to-morrow morn-
ing the first thing?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
live o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned till to-
morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 2fi, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. S. P. Hill, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, a copy of the report of J. Ross Browne,
special agent of the Indian department, 011 the
late Indian war in Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritories; which was, 011 motion of Mr. Gwiw, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and a
motion by him to print it was referred to the
Committee on Printing,
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution !
of the Senate, an estimate of the quantity of lands
which will inure to Minnesota, for railroad pur-
poses, under the act of March 3, 1857; which
was, on motion of Mr. Stuart, ordered to lie on
the table; and a motion by him to print it was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a report of the commission on the war
claims of Oregon and "Washington Territories;
which, on motion of Mr. Wilson, was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia;
and amotion by him to print it was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in obedience to law, a statement of the
appropriations applicable to the Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending 1856-57, the amount
drawn by requisitions, the balances on the 1st of
July, 1857, and such appropriations as have been
carried to the surplus fund; which, on motion of
Mr. Hunter, was ordered to he on the table; and
a motion by him to print it was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GREEN presented a petition of citizens of
La Grange, Missouri, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from that place to duincy,
Illinois; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the memorial of the register
and receiver of the land office at Fayette, Mis-
souri, praying that the compensation of the regis-
ters and receivers be increased; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the public lands may
bo granted m limited quantities, free of cost, to
actual settlers not possessed of other lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Waterloo, New York, praying that provision be
made by law for compensating the southern States
out of the public Treasury, or public domain, for
the manumission of their slaves; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented the
memorial of Reynell Coates, praying compensa-
tion for losses sustained and services rendered,
while connected with the scientific corps of the
South Sea Exploring Expedition; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of F. M.
Gunnell, passed assistant surgeon in the Navy,
praying for compensation for extraordinary ex-
penses incurred in the discharge of his duty in
Calitornia; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of J. H. Carter,
for himself, J. W. Bennett, and R. B. Lowry,
lieutenants in the Navy, praying to be allowed the
difference of pay between the grades of master
andheutenant,during the time they served as lieu-
tenants in the East India squadron; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of Jane
M. Kcan, Mary A. Reynolds, and Catharine E.
llean, praying Congress to pass a law granting
them compensation for the services of their par-
ents in the Revolutionary war; which was referred
to the Committee oil Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented the petition of George H.
Howell, a passed assistant surgeon in the Navy,
praying to be allowed certain back pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Bishop,
Simons & Co., praying permission to make an
experiment before a committee of Congress, to
exhibit the merits of Holmes's patent self-right-
in a; and self-bailing surf and life boat; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of Mary
Walsh and others, pensioners under the act of
February 13, 1853, praying that their pensions
may be continued; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of William Saw-
yer and others, citizens of Auglaize county, Ohio,
praying for the confirmation of their titles to lands
in section twenty-seven, the east half of section
twenty-eigh t, and the west half of section twenty-
six, in township five, of range east, in said county;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. DURKEE presented the memorial of the
Domestic and Foreign Missionary Society of the
Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States,
praying for the confirmation of their title to cer-
tain lands in Wisconsin; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, Thatttie petition of seamen on board the steamer
Missouri, which was destroyed by fire at Gibraltar, in 1843,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee 011
Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, Thar the memorial of James L. Collins, on the
files of the Senate, he referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John L. Allen and A. R.
Carter, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Public Lands.
I On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the corporation of George-
town, on the tiles of the Senate, praj in  to be relieved from
the expense of roads in Washington county, ivftt of Rock
Cieek, be referred to the Committee on the Distnct 0! Co-
lumbia.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Reynolds, on tho
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee 011 Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That Thomas Lyons have leave to withdraw Iiis
petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of H. W. Benham, adminis-
trator of John MeNiel,on the files of the Senate, beroleired
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mary Petery, widou- of Peter
Peteiy, on the files of the Senate, be refeued to the Com-
nuttee on Claims. t
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. PUGH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to authorize the States of Virginia, Penn-
sylvania, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
to enter into an agreement or compact between
themselves, and with other States interested 111
the navigation of the Ohio river and its tributaries,
for the improvement of such navigation, and to
levy duties on tonnage for that purpose; and
A bill for the protection of vessels engaged in
the navigation of Lake Erie.
colonel Graham's report.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Reiolved, That the Secretary of War be diieeted to eom-
muitieate to the Senate the annual repoit (if Lieutenant
Colonel James D. Graham, of the corps of Topographical
Engineers, of his burvey$, &e., ot lake harbois lor the ve.u
1857.
MESSENGER IN SECRETARY'S OFFICE.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee to Auditand
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate:
Resolved, That the compensation of the first or piincipal
messenger m the office ot the Sceretaty of the Senate
l e the same as that now received by the messen^rs of the
Synato, commencing with the present fiscal year.
RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committer on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
five thousand copies of the table* of leceiptt* and expend-
itiiius of the Government, from March 4, 1779, to June 30,
1*57. accompanying the letter of the Secretary of the Trons-
my transmitting an account of the receipts, and expend-
ituies  of the Government for the year ending June 30, 1657.
MAIL ROUTES IN ARIZONA.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
o-tahh'-lmig mail routes from Tues-on via Sopoii to Tubac,
iflso ftom Tueson to Aqua Calientcs, in the Arizona portion
of the Tcnitory of New Mexico.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. IVERSON from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred
the memorial of Christine Barnard, widow of the
