1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
posed here, {t seems to me we had better avoid
these questions, for they will come up hereafter.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only a word or two
to say in reply to my friend from Ohio. If there
was anything in my response to him that seemed
uncourteous, I will say to him very frankly that
I" did riot mean it, and I did' not understand his
language, to bear any unfriendly or any unkind
construction to me. In regard to this mode of
submission, I think it was free, fair, and com-
plete. The convention provided that the consti-
tution should be submitted to the people for rati-
fication ou rejection; that every voter should be
allowed to vote for the constitution or against the
constitution, and on the same ballot should vote
for State officers; but they could put just such
State officers on the ballots as they pleased, only
they must be on the same ballot. They put a
Democratic ticketon it, or the Republican ticket,
or left both off and put on other names; but what-
ever vote they gave on State officers was on one
ballot. This did not control the mode in which
they should vote, whether for the constitution or
against it, nor whether it should be for or against
this ticket or that ticket for State officers. In
other words, under that mode of voting, every
man was left perfectly free to vote as he pleased,
for or against the constitution, or for or against
either ticket for State officers. As I said before,
the ratification was by a majority of over thirty
thousand one way, and only five hundred votes
the other way.
Now, a word as to the preamble. This pre-
amble states:
•£ Wnereas, an act of Congress was passed February 26,
1S57, untitled 'An act to authorize the people of the Terri-
tory of Minnesota to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, preparatory to their admission into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States.' "
It thus far recites a fact undeniably true; and
then goes on:
" And whereas the people of said Territory did, on the
29th day of August, 1857, by delegate* elected for that pur-
pose, form for themselves a constitution and State govern-
ment which is republican m form."
There is not a question of this being true. There
is no doubt that, by delegates elccted for the pur-
pose, they framed a constitution. The preamble
aoes not state whether the delegates met in one
body or two bodies, but that the delegates were
elected for that purppseand framed aconstitution.
The original draught contained the words, "dele-
gates assembled in convention in pursuance of the
enabling act;" but, on motion of the Senator from
Missouri, those words were stricken out, so as to
leave it in its present form, saying simply that
the constitution was framed by delegates elected
for that purpose. Can anybody dispute that?
What next? The preamble next recites that
the constitution was " ratified and adopted by the
people at an election held on the 13th day of Oc-
tober, 1857, for that purpose, m pursuanceof said
act of Congress." That is, the election was held
on the ratification of the constitution in pursuance
of the act of Congress. There is no dispute on
that point. My friend from Missouri and myself,
who mainly differed in regard to the facts con-
nected with this case, agreed that the election on
the ratification of the constitution was in pursu-
ance of the act of Congress. I thought the as-
sembling of the delegates was in substantial pur-
suance of it, but he thought not, and my friend
from Vermont thought not, and hence the com-
mittee struck out those words.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to say that the
fact is that those two gentlemen were at issue
about it, and in order to settle the difficulty, I pro-
posed to strike out those words.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I believe that is it. The
Senator from Vermont moved to strike out the
words which I have mentioned, and we agreed to
it. We concluded that everything now contained
in the preamble is literally true. All facts which
we could not agree upon, we omitted for that
reason, and the preamble is perfectly acceptable
to me. I would not care if it was stricken out
altogether; I would not care if the preamble of
the Senator from Ohio was inserted. I do not
deem it worthy of a contest, but when a charge is
made that the committee have reported a pream-
ble that is not true, I deem it necessary to say thus
much.
Mr. PUGH. Did the Senator understand me
to say that? I said that 1 did not think it con-
veyedjb'y the language of the preamble, a true
impression. I did not mean to impugn any mem-
ber of the committee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not mean that the Sen-
ator used the word "untrue" in any offensive
sense; but he meant that we had employed lan-
guage which was not historically true, or justified
by the events purported to be recited.
Mr. PXJGH. Exactly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I merely wished to vindicate
the committee, and show that they had not acted
hastily; that they hadnotdone this inadvertently;
buteach line in this preamble was criticised at the
time, and very keenly and severely criticised by
my friend from Missouri. Though I thought his
criticisms were not quite justified by the original
language, yet when the Senator from Vermont
suggested that we should strike it out, I yielded
to his suggestion, and agreed to strike it out. The
committee agreed unanimously on this form, and
I was in hopes that we could all agree to it, and
close the controversy.
Mr. GREEN. I think it proper to remark that
the statement made by the Senator from Illinois
conforms precisely to my recollection. If the
employment of these last words in the preamble,
" in pursuance of said act of Congress,"is to be
applied to all that is recited in the former part of
the preamble, it is wrong, and I should be opposed
to it; but if it is simply to be applied to the elec-
tion on the constitution, when it was formed, I
have no objection to it; and as it is a mere matter
of construction, to avoid all difficulty, I propose
to strike out those words, for it makes no differ-
ence either way.
Mr. PUGH. Strike them out, and I will with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. GREEN. I suggest that proposition,for
it makes no difference either wny, and that will
prevent any misconstruction hereafter.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I will move to strike
out the words <l ill pursuance of said act of Con-
gress."
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires the
consent of the Senate to allow the amendment to
be withdrawn. The Chair hears no objection.
The amendment was withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois now moves to amend the preamble
by striking out the words " in pursuance of said
act of Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KENNEDY. Before the final vote is taken,
I desire to say a few words in explanation of the
vote 1 shall give. I do not rise for the purpose
of discussing at length any of the provisions either
of the bill or of the constitution submitted to us.
I intend to vote against the admission of Minne-
sota upon the simple and broad ground thatm my
humble judgment its constitution contains provis-
ions directly at variance with the Constitution of
the United States. I am opposed to it because it
involves a principle, in my humble judgment, di-
rectly in conflict, not only with the Constitution
of the United States, but with the rights of the
southern States. It claims the constitutional pow-
er to confer the right of suffrage upon a class of
inhabitants not recognized by the Constitution of
the United States. It involves a principle which
comes directly in conflict with the principles of a
patty that I have the honor to represent on this
floor, whose great leading doctrine is directly in
conflict with this principle; and I should be un-
just to myself and recreant to the duty that is de-
volved upon me, if I did not vindicate the princi-
ples of that party, to a slight extent, at least, in
giving the reasons why I vote against this bill. I
am not now referring particularly to the bill for
the admission ofMinnesotaat all; because, really,
that bill is a matter of very Utile importance to
me; but I intend to vote against the admission of
the State with this constitution which she has
sent here. Its seventh article, in regard to the
elective franchise, declares:
" Section 1. Every male person of the age of twenty-one
years or upwards,belonging to either of the following classes,
who shall have resided m the United States one year, and
in the State for four months next preceding an election,
shall bo entitled to vote at such election, in the election
district of which he shall at the time have been for ten days
a resident, lor all offices that now are, or hereafter may be,
elective by the people:
" 1st. White citizens of the United States.
" 2d. White persons of foreign birtli, who shall have de-
clared their intention to become cmzeiw, conformably to
the laws of the United States upon the subject of naturali-
zation.
"3d. Personsof mixed whiteandlndian blood, who have
adopted the customs and habits of civilization
" 4th. Persons of Indian blood residing m this State, who
have adop.ted the language, customs, and. habits of civiliza-
tion, alter an examination before any district couttof the
State.in such manner as may be provided by law, and shall
have been pronounced by said court capable of enjoying ihe
rightS'Of citizenship within the State."
" Sec. 7. Every person who, by the provisions of this ar-
ticle, shall be'entitled to vote at any election, shall be eligi-
ble to any office which now is, o«* hereafter shall be, elective
by the people m the district wherein he shall have resided
thirty days previous to such election, except as otherwise
provided in this constitution, or in the Constitution and
laws of the United States."
Now,sir, the ground that I take, and the ground
taken by the party that I have the honor to rep-
resent, is that alien suffrage and squatter sover-
eignty must be repudiated. Havingasserted these
principles before the people of my own State, and
being prepared to vindicate them here, I cannot
give my sanction to the admission of a State with
a constitution containing so clear an infraction of
the provisions of the Constitution of the United
States, as that article contains; for if you admit
the right of aliens, not naturalized, to take part
in your elections—men who really cannot claim
the protection of the Government; who have no
right to come here and petition for a redress of
grievances until the mantle of citizenship has been
put upon them, in accordance with the laws of
Congrcssand the Constitution of the United States
—you permit that class of individuals in this coun-
try to control directly the action of Congress, and,
perhaps, the destiny of this nation. Sir, I know
that I am taking very broad ground in making
this declaration—I know that I am assuming much
in this body when I undertake to say that peo-
ple who are not citizens of the United States have
no right to vote by the suffrage which may be
conferred upon them by the action of a State gov-
ernment; but it has been contended on this floor,
and ably and strongly by some of the giant intel-
lects of former days, that the principle on which I
act m this matter is a correct one. We are now in
some degree reaping the fruits of the loose and
cheap right of suffrage which has been conferred
upon the people in this country. There has been
of late a power aggregating itself in one section of
the country upon the adverse proposition to that
which I havestated here, which,if not checked,if
not controlled, will before long sweep from us that
right and that equality which we of the southern
States hold in this Union.
Upon a former occasion, I said that I was op-
posed to squatter sovereignty, because it dis-
turbed the political equilibrium that had existed
between the States, on a strict construction and
enforcement of the guarantees of the Constitution
of the United States. I opposed it because it
opened the door to an unequal contest with per-
sons who came here and claimed, through their
Representatives who had a voice in Congress, the
right to administer this Government, and to direct
its policy directly in opposition to the conceded
principles of the Constitution when it was framed.
When the Constitution was framed the southern
States of this Confederacy were upon a footing
of perfect equality with all the States of the Union;
and my desire has been to do nothing to destroy
that equality.
Mr. President, when Congress has exercised
its authority by passing a uniform law of natu-
ralization, it excludes the right of exercising a
similar authority on the part of the State; and to
suppose that the States could do this would make
this provision of the Constitution of the United
States nugatory. The power has been given to
the Congress of the United States to establish a
uniform rule of naturalization for the express,
simple purpose of protecting the minority in this
country from an aggregation of p©wer that might
be the result of allowing States to hold out in-
ducements to emigrants. It was to protect us
agairtst that interpolation or subversion of the
principles of this Government, which will neces-
sarily creep into it by the introduction of new
members of the Government, imported from for-
eign countries, and brought here dircctly to carry
out sectional purposes and for sectional objects
only. To suppose that a State could make an
alien a citizen, or confer on him the right of voting,
would give him a direct and broad control in this
Government. A man votes for Representatives
m the other branch of Congress m accordance
