1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Shaw.
Ho. of Reps.
official paper of this House, without any correc-
tion or qualification of the offensive terms ! Was
that fair, was it manly, was it just? Mr. Chair-
man, I will not undertake here properly to char-
acterize such an act; but I will undertake to say
that whenever I make a speech upon this floor
and pronounce another, made by any colleague of
mine, or any one else, to be unjust and untrue,
prevaricating, and unworthy the gentleman who
made it, I never will go out of this Hall and say
that I did not mean to be personally offensive.
Never, sir! And if, in the heat of debate and the
excitement of discussion, I should use language
toward a gentleman which upon cool reflection I
wasforced to consider unjust to him, nevcrwould
I be found guilty of the injustice, the gross in-
justice to him, the injustice to myself, of sending
that speech abroad to the world without retrac-
tion or qualification. And yet, sir, with all his
prating about fairness and justice, that is what my
colleague did, after having made the retraction to
Which I have alluded, and made it in his own
hand-writing, and over ins own signature !
Sir, the gentleman has applied to me a number
of anecdotes by way of disparagement and ridi-
cule. This, too, is a favorite mode of warfare
with my colleague. Where a lawyer or a states-
man would use an argument, my colleague applies
an anecdoie; one gentleman on the other side was
so deeply impressed with his ability m that way
that he declared, (as I was informed,) during the
delivery of my colleague's first speech, that he
was " as good as a comic almanac." He has al-
ready acquired for himself the soubriquet of the
iS funny Representative from North -Carolina,"
and is fairly entitled to that of " the Utile joker."
Let my colleague cultivate his talent and increase
his fund of anecdote, and he may look forward
with confidence to the time when he will be able
to obtain an engagement as chief buffoon in some
strolling circus. But, sir, I shall not follow his
example in this regard either; if, however, my
tastes and my sense of propriety led me to do so, , >
instead of treating this enlightened assemblage ||
of the people's Representatives to the stale anec-
dotes and coarse jokes wlueh my colleague has jn- i j
dulgcd in, I would procure a copy of Joe Miller ;j
and read from its pages such as would be vastly ;
more amusing, though a hundred times repeated, ■
than any that my colleague has so far entertained j
the committee with. j
Now, sir, my colleague charges against me that j
I took the ground in my speech, that he voted in j
favor of the Green amendment, which was at-
tached to the Senate bill when it came to this '
House, while I, at the same time, was found ad-
vocating the views of the Executive in regard to -
the piinciplc of that amendment. Me goes on fur-
ther, and denies that the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Quitman] moved to strike out that
amendment. He. denies that I voted to strike it ,
out. He denies emphatically that he voted against 1
striking it out. Now, sir, what are the facts? J
First,does the Green amendment embody the doc- j
trine which my colleague says is contained in the
special message of the Executive? Does that1
amendment declare, as I understand the Piesident
to have said in his message, thatthepeople of Kan-
saswould havearighttoalterandamendtheircon- i
mitution after they had been admitted into the Con- I
fuderacy, without regard to the restrictions con- j
tamed in that instrument itself? I ask the House if !
the Green amendment embodies that doctrine ? i ;
say it does not. The most that can be said of the |
first branch of the proposition contained in the
Gieen amendment is, that it is a negative preg- |
nant; while the second branch absolutely and un- |
qualifiediyasserts that the Congress of the United
States has no right to declare the construction of
the constitution of a State. Eut have I sustained, i
in any speech which I have made, here or else- ;
where, the views of the President of the United
States in regard to this particular doctrine r My ,
colleague cannot show it in ftiy speech. It is true ■
that I commended that special message, as it.
had been commended throughout the length and .
breadth of the country by the conservative and
patriotic throughout the land. I approved of the
general principles there set forth; but I did not
approve, and I take occasion to say here that I
do not now approve, the doctrine that the people
can alter or amend then constitution without ie-
gard to the restrictions contained in the instru-
ment itself.
But suppose the Green amendment had con-
tained that doctrine: how can my colleague object
to it? Does it lie in his mouth to get up here or
elsewhere and condemn it? And here let me say-
that my colleague has brought another charge of
injustice against me on account of the reference
which I made to his position in the Legislature
of North Carolina, in relation to a similar ques-
tion. Now, what was the position of my colleague
as a Senator of the State Legislature of North
Carolina? It is well known by intelligent gentle-
men here that the constitution of that State de-
clares that no convention of the people of North
Carolina shall be called to amend the constitution
of that State, except by a two-thirds vote of both
branches of the State Legislature; and yet my col-
league, as a member of the <JSTorth Carolina Sen-
ate, supported and voted for the proposition of
Governor Graham, which was intended to provide
that the question of a convention to amend the
constitution should be submitted to the people of
the State by a bare majority of both branches of
the Legislature; and if a majority of the people
voted for aconvention, then thepeople should pro-
ceed to elect delegates to amend the constitution, *
although that instrument itself says that no con-
vention shall be callcd unless it is by a vote of .
two thirds of both branches of the Legislature.
Mr. GILMER. Will my colleague allow me
to correct him as to a matter of fact? j
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I owe the i
gentleman no courtesy,and will not allow him to j
interrupt me, especially as 1 am sure the Chair ,
will have the liberality to awaid him the floor at ]
the close of my remarks, when he will have an j
opportunity to say all that he may desire. I say,
then, that my colleague, in voting to sustain the
proposition of Governor Grah.un in the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, has himself sanctioned
and approved the doctrine which he now de-
nounces, but which I say is not set forth in the
Green amendment. _ j
But if the special message of the Picsident does
contain this doctune, which has now become so
odious to my colleague; and if he has changed his
course since he was in the Legislature, why have
we not heard his thunder sooner? I have here
an editorial article from the leading organ of the
party to which the gentleman belongs—the Know
Nothing party of North Carolina—in which, m 1
speaking of the President's message and of this
very doctrine which the gentleman so vehemently
condemns, the following language is used. 1 quote
from the Raleigh Register, of the 10th February,
1858:
a According to promise we lay before our loaders to-day
the Piesident's menace lecommondmg to the lavor of Con-
gress the Lecompton constitution. We aie not much given
to paying compliment lo Demoeiats, and rdicly indeed do
they dc.soive any at ourhands. Wehope,lio\vevei, we can
do justice, and it is in a spirit of fair dealing tluit we say
that Mr. Buchanan's message is a most excellent one."
k* Besides oil this, as the President vera veil contends, as
soon os Kansas is admitted as a Side, <hc can call another
; convention to make another constitution, and it can then l>c
i asccitamed whether the fiicnds or opponents of slavery ate
\ in the mmori'y in the State. This seem* to us exceedingly
simple and plain, and the Junous opposition to the Pi evident >
views can only be accounted for by the fact that certain poli-
ticians in Congress desire to prolong this agitation for their
own purposes, and with a view likewise of absenting, if pos-
sible. the piinciplc that slaveiy shall nut spread bejond its
present limit®. As a citizen of the United State?, then, and
i a lovei ot'Iaw and oider, and as a citizen of the South, and
; mindful of her light, we do most earnestly desire to sea
j Kansas admitted with the con.-tuution che pie cuts, and let
, hei future struggles, if any shall be earned on upon
' her own sod a- a sovereign Stale. nnd be sealed by Iter own
citizens. Then, and not beioie, url hci uiaitoi- cease to
j be &o many fire-brands, threatening the destruction ol the
; Union."
There, sir, is the same doctrine held by the
; leading organ, in North Carolina, of the gentle-
man's°own party, and I have never yet heard
■ any denunciation of that article by my colleague
' or any member of his party at home. But alter
; the gentleman had concluded to oppose the ad-
i mission of Kansas under the Lecompton con-
' stituuon, he finds that this is an odious doctrine,
! and one which ought not only to condemn the
President, but the Democratic party also, and
. me too, who never adopted u! _
; Now, sir, as to my colleague's denial that
the tfeutleiriuii ftom Mississippi [Mr. GIuitma?,']
moved to strike out the Green amendment. That
has become a matter of history; it is upon your
record, and I ask you, and I ask the gentleman
from Mississippi whether the effect of his motion
was not to bring before the House the Senate bill
without the Green amendment?
Mr. GlUITMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I must say
I was surprised, when I read the speech of my coU
league, to see the charge brought against the gen-
Hemarr from Mississippi, of being guilty of dupli-
city in bringing forward that amendment in the
manner he did. If there is any one trait which
stands out in bold relief in the character of the
gentleman from Mississippi, it is his directness,
his straightforwardness, and the moral courage
and boldness with which he marches up to every
question which it is his duty to meet: he is not the
man who would lend himself to any such course
as that chargcd by the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. It was only yesterday that
I read the remarks of the gentleman from North
Caiolma, [Mr. Gilmer,] and I have been thinking
very calmly upon the question whether I should
notice them or not. I will not, at any rate, take
the time to do so now. Perhaps I may notice •
them, and I may think them unworthy of notice.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I was saying
that the record will show that the gentleman from
; Mississippi moved to amend the bill then before
j the House, by submitting the Senate bill without
! the Green amendment, as an amendment to the
j Crittenden bill, offered by the gentleman from
| Pennsylvania, [Mr. Montgomery.] The effcct
j of that would have been to have brought before
! this House the Senate bill with the Green amend-
' ment, and the Senate bill without the Green amend-
! ment. Now, sir, I voted for the proposition of the
gentleman from Mississippi, and my colleague
I voted against it; and I repeat, that 1 have done
1 him no injustice in placing him in the position that
1 I did.
But my colleague says he voted against the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Quit-
man,] not because he was in favor of the Green
amendment, but because the success of that mo-
tion would have defeated the Crittenden bill, which
he was in favor of; and that I was unjust towards
him in not stating that fact. To show how much
justice there is in this charge, I will be excused,
I trust, for quotinga briefextract from my speech,
j which will be a sufficient answer to the gentle-
! man's accusation:
1 " But the gentleman may say that he voted against the
j Green amendment in order to have, if pov-ible, the Hoiwe
bill. I do not hv any means admit that he can thereby find
a viiffieient justification ot his vote; but I am willing, for the
1 sake of the aigument only, to gtvo linn the benefit of that
position; and now let us pee whether he is justifiable in
; taking the Crittenden amendment in preference to the Sen-
i ate bill.'5
| My colleague, in his speech, stated that I read
from the Lecompton constitution, to prove that
: that instrument prescribed a proper qualification
for voters; for the purpose, as he supposed, of
having it go abroad that the Crittenden bill, for
which In• voted, contained no such safeguard. If
the gentleman read my speech carefully, he must
; have known that I read from that constitution for
j no such purpose; and the same injustice which
: he has improperly, and without the least cause,
! chargcd against mc, of perverting and misrepre-
senting his arguments, he has committed against
i me, in this, as well as in numerous other in-
stances. 1 showed that by the Lecompton consti-
tution, aliens were prohibited the right of suf-
! frage. I went on then to show that by voting down
; tluu constitution, as the gentleman endeavored to
vote it down, and by passing another bill, the
i; Crittenden bill, by which the people of Kansas
'i would have been authorized by my colleague to
! vote upon the Lecompton constitution, and if they
! saw fit to reject it; (and the whole tenor of his
; argument, from one end to the other, was to the
; effect that that constitution was not the voice of
the people of Kansas, and that if submitted to
| them, they would vote it down;) they would then
! have power under the Crittenden bill to make an-
; other constitution, in which they might, and_ in
! all probability would, ingraft the doctrine of alien
. suffrage; yes, even free-negro suffrage—and I was
( v/airauted in saying that; for the Leavenworth
