1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wffi
late Major Moses Barnard, reported a bill (S.
JNro. 1>1) to continue a pension to Christine Bar-
nard, widow of the late Brevet Major Moses J.
Barnard, United States Army; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of George A.
O'Brien, submitted areport, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 92) for his relief. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred a bill reported from the Court
of Claims the 17th of February, 1857, for the re-
lief of George Ashley, administrator de bonis non
of Samuel Holgate, deceased, with the opinion of
the court on the claim, reported the bill (S. No.
89) without amendment; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred a bill reported from the Court
of Claims the 17th of February, 1857, for the re-
lief of Jane Smith, of the county of Clermont,
State of Ohio, with the opinion of the court on
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 87) without
amendment; and it was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
He aiso, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill, reported from the Court of
Claims the 2d of February, 1857, for the relief of
Nahum Ward, with the opinion of the court on
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 93) without
amendment; and submitted an adverse report,
which was ordered to be printed.
He aiso, from the same' committee, to whom
•was referred a bill, reported from the Court of
Claims the 5th of February, 1857, for the relief of
John Ericsson, with the opinion of the court on
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 90) without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill, reported fiom the Court of
Claims the 17th of February, 1857, for the relief
of Lucinda Robinson, of the county of Orleans,
State of Vermont, with the opinion of the court
on the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 88) with-
out amendment; and it was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Major Benjamin Alvord, reported a bill
(S. No. 94) for the relief of Major Benjamin Al-
vord, paymaster United States Army; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, fi om the same committee, to whom
was icferred the petition of Dempsey Pittman,
reported a bill (S. No. 95) explanatory of an act
entitled " An act for the relief of Dempsey Pitt-
man, "approved August ] 6,1856; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Susannah T. Lea,
widow and administratrix of James Maglcnnen,
reported a bill (S. No. 96) for the relief of Susan-
nah T. Leu, widow and administratrix of James
Muglennen, late of the city of Baltimore, deceased;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the message of the
President of the United States of the 11th instant,
communicating a copy of the constitution of Min-
nesota, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 86) for the admission of the State of
Minnesota into the Union. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed. Mr. Douglas notified Sen-
ators that he would ask for the consideration of the
bill as soon as the report should be printed, per-
haps to-morrow.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of Pa-
meha P res wick, for herself and the other heirs
of William Wigton, submitted a report, accom-
panied by the following resolution; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the petition and papers in the case of
Pameha Pres-wiek, m behalf of herselt and other heirs of the
late Major William Wigton, praying for the payment of a
sum alleged to be due for services rendered by said Major
Wigton, be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 26) to provide for the examination and pay-
ment of certain claims of citizcns of Georgia and
Alabama, on account of losses sustained by dep-
redations of the Creek Indians, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of certain permanent residents of Kansas, pre-
sented the 19th instant, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Secretary of the Interior; which was
agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 97)
to incorporate the Benevolent Christian Associa-
tion of Washington City; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked and obtained leave to
introduce a joint resolution (S. No. 13) m rela-
tion to certain liabilities assumed by the State of
Wisconsin; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The hill from the House of Representatives
(No. 207) to amend an act entitled " An act grant-
ing a pension to Ansel Wilkinson," approved
August 13,1856; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk,announcing
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 3)
making appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1859; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance. *
DEATH OP MESSRS. LOCKHART AND
BRENTON.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. J, C. Allen, its Clerk,
informing the Senate of the death, during the
recess, of the Hon. James Lockhart and the
Hon. Samuel Brenton, members elect of the
present Congress from the State of Indiana, and
communicating the proceedings of the House of
Representatives in relation thereto.
The resolutions of the House of Represent-
atives were read.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, the death com-
municated to us by the resolutions of the House
of Representatives is an'event well calculated to
inspire serious and painful reflections. Again and
again, this session, have we been reminded that
death has been amongst us. For the sixth time,
since our meeting, has the dread announcement
been made, that one of our number has gone to
his eternal home. The uncertainty of life could
scarcely be brought to our minds "in a more im-
pressive form.
My kite colleague, the Hon. James Lockhart,
departed this life, after a long and painful illness,
at his home in Evansville, Indiana, on the 7th of
September last. Though wasted by disease, he
retained his mental faculties unimpaired until the
last, and spoke words of peace and comfort to
those surrounding his bedside.
James Lockhart was born on the 13th day of
February, 1806,m Auburn, Cayuga county, New
York. He emigrated to the West in 1832, and
located in Evansville, Indiana, where he com-
menced the practice of the law in 1834. lie ap-
plied himself studiously to his profession, and rose
rapidly to a distinguished position at the bar. In
his intercourse with the people, he so won their
confidencennd regard that his success,profession-
ally and politically, seemed to follow as a matter
of course, and with but little effort on his part,
tie was elected in 1841 to the office of prosecuting
attorney of the fourth judicial district, and was
reelected in 1843.
He performed the duties of this office with such
ability and fidelity that, at the expiration of the
second term, in 1845, he was chosen by the Le-
gislature circuit judge of that judicial district, and
continued in the discharge of its duties .until 1851,
when he resigned.
In 1850, he was elccted a member of the con-
stitutional convention of Indiana, and took an
active and leading part in its deliberations.
In the fall of the same year, he was elected to
the House of Representatives from the first con-
gressional district; and us a member of the Com-
mittee on Territories, in the Thirty-Second Con-
gress, applied himself diligently to the duties
devolved upon him, and displayed that thorough
acquaintance with the details of its business only
to be acquired by studious application.
At the expiration of his congressional term, he
resumed the practice of his profession; but his
old constituency, unwilling to spare him from the
.field of public labor, summoned him again before
them, when he was elected by nearly five thou-
sand majority.
His efforts in the memorable canvass of 1856
will long be remembered by those who coincided
with him in political sentiment. It was in that
contest he seemed to forget himself, and thinking
only of the work before hirn, taxed his frame be-
yond its power of endurance. At the close of the
canvass, death seemed to have marked him as
its victim. Though not confined to his bed for
some months afterwards, his physicians and inti-
mate friends entertained but little hope that he
would live to take his seat in the present Con-
gress. Alas! their fears have been realized. In
the meridian of life, and in the midst of his use-
fulness, he has been stricken down. The State
he represented has lost a faithful public servant,
and society an exemplary man in all the relations
of life.
Mr. President, I move the adoption of the fdl-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sincere
de*n e of showing every mark of respect due to the memory
of tile Hon. James Lockuart, deceased, late a Represent-
ative elect from the State of Indiana, will go into mourning
by wearing crape on the left arm for tlnrty days.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
Mr. PITCH. Having been acquainted with
Mr. Brenton, one of the members elect whose
death has just been announced, I cannot permit
the enunciation to pass without bearing my tes-
timony to his worth as a man, citizen, and officer.
Mr. Brenton and myself represented in Congress
at one time, adjoining districts of our common
State. We differed in politics, but the difference
never was permitted in the slightest to cloud our
personal relations.
He was a native of Kentucky, (your State, sir,)
but early manhood found him acitizen of Indiana,
a member of ;he Methodist clergy, the laborious
duties of which position he continued to perform
with a very slight interval of rest from" 1831 to
1847. During that interval, a rest rendered neces-
sary by the condition of his health, he read law,
was admitted to the bar, became to some extent
identified with politics, and was electcd to the Le-
gislature of Indiana, but finding the law not adapt-
ed to his taste, and not perhaps to that strong re-
ligious bias which was a prominent feature of his
character, he returned to the active duties of hia
ministerial profession. He was appointed to
many stations ill that State, and left none with-
out leaving behind him hosts of friends, and their
heartfelt regret at his departure.
In 1847 an attack of paralysis compelled him to
abandon his clerical duties. Soon afterwards he
was appointed register of the land office at Port
| Wayne, Indiana, and subsequently made that city
his permanent residence. His acquaintance, of
course, became extended, in what was, to him, a
new sphere, growing out of his new position; but
it was a sphere in which, like all others in which
ho had moved, many friends sprang up around
him. His manly qualities, his satisfactory dis-
charge of the duties of every position in which he
had been placed, and his extensive acquaintance,
made him prominent among his political friends.
In 1851 he became their candidate for Congress,
and was elected. He was reelected for the second
time in October, 1856; but in March following
death called him from a further discharge of
earthly duties, to the realization of those hopes
which he had ever held forth, as a clergyman, as
an inducement to a life of rectitude and reliance
upon Providence.
Mr. Brenton never laid claim to brilliancy of
intellect, nor did his friends for him; but he was
a man of strong practical common sense. His
epitaph can be written in words far more honor-
able to his heart than if they recorded merely lofty
deeds without virtue. He was an honest man, a
kind neighbor, a good citizen, and an efficient and
honorable officer. Well might his city, when such
a man departed from among them, go forth, as it
did, mourning in his funeral tram.
