1492
THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
ernment, the very idea of State sovereignty will
be at an end, and the existence of the State gov-
ernments will be set at naught. He has read from
pretty h'igh authority as to the qualifications of
voters in the States, but there is still higher au-
thority, in my opinion, and it#is made by the
Constitution, the highest authority in this Gov-
ernment, the Supreme Court of the Ufiited States,
-which has decided this question. My mind is
influenced quite as much oy that able, that dis-
tinguished, that discreet, that profound court, as
by the opinion of Mr. Calhoun, though he was
a very "great man. The Supreme Court has de-
cided that the qualification of a voter in a sov-
ereign State is a matter to be fixed by the State,
and not to be controlled by the Congress of the
United States in the passage of naturalization
laws. If it be true that the Congress of the United
States can fix the qualification of a voter in a
State, where is your State sovereignty? Where
does sovereignty begin according to the theory
of this Government? Is it not with the people ?
If Congress can fix the qualifications of a voter
in a State, does it not control the sovereignty
of the State? If you can fix the qualifications to
entitle a man to goto the ballot-box, from which
law and order emanate, from which the State itself
emanates, is not that talcing control of the sov-
ereignty of the State into the hands of the Con-
gress of the United States. If it be true that Con-
gress can fix the qualification of a voter m a State,
of course the moment Congress, by making a man
a citizen, qualifies him for a voter, it follows, his
qualification beingfixed, that every State is bound,
under the Constitution, to let him vote. To this
I cannot consent.
The courts have decidcd that free negroes are
not citizens. Now suppose you should pass a
naturalization law authorizing free negroes to be-
come citizens of the United States: is there'any
one here in the Senate of the United States who
will assert, or who, having asserted, will sustain
on sound reason the proposition that a State could
not pass a law excluding a free negro from the
ballot-box, because you had made him a citizen
of the United States? Suppose a State requires
n voter to be a property holder; has it not a right
to do so ? I mention this merely to test the prin-
ciple. I am myself in favor of the fullest exten-
sion of the elective franchise on correct principles.
But take your own State, Mr. President, (Mr.
Biggs in the chair,) my native State: how long
has it been since you have seen citizens coming
up to the ballot-box voting at one poll for Sen-
ators by property holders, and all the citizens
voting at another poll for the Commons? They
■were all citizens of the United States; and if this
doctrine be true, North Carolina had 110 right,
either by her constitution or her laws, to fix any
qualification preventing a citizen from voting.
The Senator from Maryland wants to purify the
ballot-box; a great object with him is to restrain
foreigners, to require them to live in the country
a certain number of years, and be familiar with
the nature and character and genius of the Gov-
ernment, before becoming citizens. With a view
of purifying the ballot-box he is now striking at
foreigners; but suppose the opposite idea to that
which he entertains should obtain the ascendency;
what then? If we can require them to stay here
five years or twenty years before being natural-
ized, can we not allow them to be naturalized in
twenty-five minutes or in twenty-five days? Can
we tell where a desire for ascendency may carry
a dominant party ? Itmaybethe policyof a party
in the ascendency at one time to make men who
come to the United States citizens in twenty-five
days after they get here. It may be the policy of
a party in power at some time to encourage the im-
migration of natives of Africa, to naturalize them,
to make them citizens, and push them into the
States, to take charge of the ballot-box throughout
the South. I protest against this doctrine. It is
a blow at State sovereignty; it is the assertion of
a power that will sweep away forever every ves-
tige of Slate sovereignty. It ought to be repudi-
ated and put down. I care not whether it comes
in the name of Know Nothingism, or American-
ism, or under any other plausible name, in which
you think proper to present it. It is a heresy, m
my honest opinion, to talk about the Federal Gov-
ernment fixing the qualification of a voter in a
State.
When you turn to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, do you not find that it proceeds on the
very idea that it is a matter within the control of
the States to fix the qualifications of voters? The
Constitution provides that members of the House
of Representatives shall be elected by those per-
sons in each State who are qualified by the laws
of the State to vote for members of the most nu-
merous branch of its Legislature; thus conceding
the exclusive power of the States to fix the qual-
ification of voters within their limits. We make
the issue upon Minnesota or any other State; but
do we not see where the doctrine would carry us ?
In all doubtful questions, in the language of the
illustrious Jefferson, let us pursue principles.
There is a great principle of State sovereignty in-
volved in this matter; let us pursue it. What
becomes, let me ask, of the-resolutions of the Okl
Dominion of 1798 and 1799, when she took bold
ground against the alien law ? Was it not because
that was an assertion of power on the part of the
Federal Government to go inside of a State and
interfere with rights of citizenship secured under
State authority ?" One of the main points covered
by those resolutions was a denial of the exercise
of the power to go inside of a sovereign State and
interfere with the privileges conferred upon its cit-
izens by the States. How can we object to admit-
ting a State into the Union because she chooses
to allow foreigners who have lived there six or
twelve months to vote ? If I were in a body fixing
the qualification of voters, I would allow none to
vote tn the United States, in the States or Terri-
tories, until they were citizens; but that is a ques-
tion to be fixed by each State for -itself. My
own State, in her constitution, requires all her
voters to be citizens of the United States; but we
claim the power to fix that matter, and deny it to
the Federal Government. We say that Congress
has no such right; that it belongs to us, not to
you.
I do not want to consume time or protract this
discussion, or keep Minnesota out of the Union;
but 1 repeat again, if this doctrine be carried out,
and the Opposition in principle get the ascend-
ency, they might, if they were so disposed—-I do
not impute it to them—change the naturalization
laws fi 0111 five years to one month, or six months,
or as soon as the process could be gone through
with, and allow every free negro in the United
States, every emigrant from Africa, to be made a
citizen; and he being a citizen, the States would
be compelled to admit him to the ballot-box, and
allow him to exercise the elective franchise. I do
not want such adoctrine sent to the country seem-
ingly tacitly indorsed by the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. 1 merely got up to enter my protest
against it.
So far as the view of the distinguished Senator
from South Carolina, Mr. Calhoun, 011 this matter
is concerned. 1 think it was one of those peculiar
crotchets into which his mind fell. He was a
great man, a distinguished man, a great logician,
and could lay down propositions, and argue from
premises to conclusions. His conclusions were
clear; and from his premises no one could resist
his conclusions. But I think this was one of the
peculiarities of his mind. The courts have said
differently. The opinion of the Supreme Court
is entitled to at least as much respect, I think,as
that of Mr. Calhoun. That is made the supremo
arhiLer by the Constitution of the United States,
and it has decided and settled the question that
the State is the competent authority to fix the
qualification of a voter.
Mr. MASON. 1 think the hour of adjourn-
ment has arrived; and I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. PUGH. 1 hope wc shall pass this bill. I
ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jlpril fi, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. F. Swestzdl.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to have the Journal corrected. The
Speaker will remember that on yesterday, when
the resolution was introduced in reference to the
deficiency bill, an amendment was made limiting
the debate to thirty minutes to each member,
which I objected to because it sought to change
a standing rule of this House, and was not ger-
mane to the resolution pending. I want the latter
fact stated in the Journal. The Chair decided
that it was germane, and he was sustained by the
House.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the Chair
is, that the gentleman excepted to the decision
made by the Speaker upon the first ground, and .
said nothing with respect to its being germane or
otherwise.
Mr. SEWARD. The Chair put its decision
upon the ground that it was germane.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decided.
Mr. SEWARD. The resolution was to re-
scind an order of the House, and, in effect, to
establish a new one. I think the Speaker's de-
cision was wrong.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman want to
have inserted the words, "and that it was not
germane?"
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
correction will be made.
There was no objection.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Htckev, their Chief Clerk, informing the House
that the Senate had agreed to the amendment of
the House to the eighth amendment of the Senate
to the act to provide for the organization of a regi-
ment of mounted volunteers, for the defense of
the frontier of Texas, and to authorize the Presi-
dent to call into the service of the United States
two additional icgiments of volunteers.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act to es-
tablish an auxiliary guard for the protection of
person and property in the city of Washington,
and repealing all acts heretofore passed in relation
to that subject; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
DEFICIENCY EILL.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That tlic further consideration of IIouso hill
No. JUG, (tile deficiency bill,) be postponed one week, in
oidei to obtain information called for in reference to that
bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I imagine that information
is upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. It has not yet reached the
Speaker's table, but it will be in the House to-
day, from an intimation given to the Chair.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to yield to me to offer a resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. There are several gentlemen
asking me to give way, and I must decline to do
so.
RESOLUTIONS OF NEW YORK.
Mr. FENTON. Will the gentleman allow me
to present resolutions of the Legislature of my
State, for reference?
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. FENTON then, by unanimous consent,
presented the joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of New York, in relation to the mus-
kets furnished by the Federal Government to the
military forces of the State; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF NEW JERSEY.
Mr. ROBBINS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of New
Jersey, asking the passage of a law restoring to
that State the ports of Jersey City and Camden,
and also to establish ports of entry at Tom's River,
and AtlanticCity; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letch-
er's motion, and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
