406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. President, I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sincere
desire of showing every mark of respect due to the memory
of the Hon, Samuel Brenton, deceased, late a Kepresent-
ative elect from the State of Indiana, will go into mourning,
by wearing crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Mr. HARLAN. In rising to second the motion
of the Senator from Indiana, I do not propose to
pronounce a eulogy on the life and character of.
the deceased. His high order of talent, and
purity of character would certainly justify it. But
it seems to me to be uncalled for on the floors of
Congress. Here he was fully known—here he
has made his record. Whatever he possessed in
character and life worthy of admiration, as por-
trayed in his congressional career, is vivid in our
memories. But his chief labors were performed
in a different sphere of action. From his twen-
tieth to his thirty-ninth year of age, (including an
interval occasioned by ill health,) he was em-
ployed asan itinerant minister, under the direction
of the church of which he was a member. It was
in this calling that he attained his highest dis-
tinction, and endeared himself to the thousands
who were accustomed to the enchantment of his
pulpit eloquence. By close application-he famil-
iarized himself with the prescribed course of theo-
logical studies, with general literature, and ac-
quired thatgeneral learningand scholarship which
prepared him for the easy and graceful perform-
anceof the duties of the various positions in public
life to which he was afterwards called. During
the interval in his ecclesiastical labors, before men-
tioned, he engaged in the study and practice of
law, in which he obtained merited distinction,
winning; the confidence and esteem of the masses,
•who selected him as their representative in the
legislative councils of his State.
In 1848, when by an inscrutable dispensation
of Divine Providence, he was permanently de-
prived of the power to fulfill the duties of an itin-
erant minister, he was appointed by the President
to the land office at his place of residence-, from
which he was called by the people to represent
them in the Congress of the United States. And
to this high and honorable position he had been
elected the third time immediately preceding his
death.
There are those who doubt the propriety of se-
lecting men who have been engaged in the min-
istry fof political stations. And if it may have
been said of him, as it has been and will be said
of others, that he has degraded the office of the
minister, and tarnished his own character for
purity, by stooping to touch the turbid and pol-
luting waters of politics, let the voice of his con-
stituency at home, and our faithful remembrance
of his daily walk and conversation, be its only ref-
utation. If his experience was here varied from
that of former years; if ho here observed the vo-
taries of avarice, licentiousness, and lust; if here
•he heard the voice of revelry and profanity; if
here he witnessed deception and treachery, fraud
and corruption, amon^ his associates and com-
panions in official stations, none have so much as
whispered his participation in these evils. If in
the opinion of those in positions of honor and
trust under this Government, its offices and their
approaches are so polluted and polluting that a
pure man must avoid them as a leprosy, as he
would avoid the malaria of the marshes or the
pestilence of the deserts, the woe should be pro-
nounced, not on him who is thus offended, but on
them by whom the offense cometh. It is true, sir,
I will admit, that personal considerations growing
out ofthc character of society might havt> prompt-
ed Joseph to avoid the court, of Pharaoh, Morde-
cai the gate of the Shushan palace, Daniel the
court of the Babylonian King, and possibly Bren-
ton the Congress of the United States. But it is
equally true that his Christian meekness, his uni-
form piety, and consistent purity of conduct and
conversation, made him all the more agreeable to
a large majority of those with whom he served in
these Halls. On this account he enjoyed the con-
fidence and esteem of all who shared the pleasure
of his acquaintance.
And now that he is no longer with us—when
his name is no longer heard in " the call of the
roll *—that his voice is silent, his eloquence mute
in death, his Christian purity stands out the more
conspicuously. In the opinion of his compeers,
standing here, as it were, on the brink of his
grave—in the opinion of those on whom their
countrymen have conferred the highest honors,
what is there in the whole of life to compare with
conscious rectitude of purpose and moral purity?
Who, as he approaches the grave, would ex-
change them for all else that can be attained in<
life?
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God."
Yes, he has left us with a confident expectation
of a realization of this promise. But he went not
alone. A colleague from his own State, and other
companions from the other Chamber, have been
summoned to accompany him through the dark
valley. From this Chamber, too, from the purest
and most beloved by us all, other companions
have been summoned; they have gone out as on
a committee of conference. But where are they
to-day? The image of each is distinct before us;
but they answer not at the sound of their names;
they come not at the " call of the roll;" on " a call
of the House" they still tarry; for they have been
introduced to the angels—they are holding con-
verse with " just men made- perfect"—these to a
Brenton, to a Bell, to a Butler, to a Rusk, are "kin-
dred spirits"—hence they linger Ions;, though we
shed tears for their absence. And they may not
return, though they loved us, for the angels are
doubtless unfolding an eternity of enjoyment to
their view. But by their example they beckon
us to join them in that world of celestial light to
which they have fled.
Mr. President, I second the passage of the res-
olution.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
SPECIAL ORDERS COMMODORE PAULDING.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the spccial order,
being the bill (S. No. 79) for the increase of the
military establishment of the United States. By
leave of the Senate, the Chair will make a brief
statement with reference to the order of business.
Yesterday there were two subjects specially as-
signed for consideration, this liill being assigned,
for twelve and a half o'clock, and a motion for the
hour of one o'clock, the latter being the older
special order. The Chair decided that the bill now
in his hand, assigned for twelve and a half o'clock,
would continue to have precedence over the older
order, when the hour of one o'clock should ar-
rive. That opinion was expressed m obedience
to what he was informed had been the ruling and
practice of this body. On a careful comparison
and examination of the rules, he is quite clear,
construing them by their language, that that de-
cision was erroneous. Where several subjects
have been severally assigned, they take prece-
dence in the order at which they were severally
assigned, and not in the order to which they were
assigned severally. Accordingly, this special
order is now before the Senate, and when the hour
of one o'clock shall arrive, the Chair will call up
another special order of an older date, being the
joint resolution (S. No. 7) directing the present-
ation of a medal to Commodore Hiram Paulding,
which will then take precedence of this bill, unless
it shall be postponed by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. Perhaps it is not premature
for me now to make a motion in regard to that,
as the Senator from Mississippi will have his bill
taken up immediately, and I have no desire that
it shall be interrupted this morning while in prog-
ress. I will move now that the joint resolution
last referred to by the Chair be postponed until
Thursday at one o'clock. That will leave two
days for the discussion of his bill, and will inter-
fere with no other special order, as I understand.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very much obliged to the
Senator from Maryland for allowing this bill to
have that length of time for discussion, which
will probably be effective, and for his yielding
his right to the floor this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Mississippi yield to allow the motion to be
put?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the joint resolution directing the presentation of
a medal to Commodore Hiram Paulding be post-
poned to Thursday next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro- j
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 79) to increase i
the military establishment of the United States, i
The first section proposes to add to each of the
regiments of dragoons, cavalry, infantry, and of
mounted riflemen, two companies, to be organ-
ized in the same manner as the companies now
composing these arms, respectively, and to re-
ceive the same pay and allowances, and to be en-
titled to the same provisions and benefits in every
respect, as are authorized by the existing laws.
They are to be subject to the rules and articles of
war; and the enlisted men are to be recruited in
the same manner as other troops, with the same
conditions and limitations.
The second section authorizes the Presidentof
the United States to increase the number of pri-
vates in each of the companies of the Army serv-
ing in the field, or at remote and frontier stations,
to any number not exceeding ninety-six; this in-
crease to be by enlistment, and the soldiers to be
on the same footing, in all respects, as other sol-
diers of the Army.
The bill further provides for the addition to the
medical department of the Army of such number
of assistant surgeons, not exceeding fifteen, as in
the judgment of the President maybe required by
the wants of the service; the officers so added to
be appointed in the same manner, and to be, in all
respects, on the same footing as the officers of that
corps now authorized by law. Hereafter, the bill
provides that regular promotions to vacancies oc-
curring in the regimental grades of commissioned
officers of the United States Army are to be by
regiments or corps,instead of by arms of service,
as now regulated and provided in certain cases.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would ask the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs what addition
the first and second sections of the bill will make*
to the numbers of the Army ? Those sections pro-
vide for increasing the rank and file.
Mr. DAVIS. The first section will add thirty
companies to the Army, which, at the present
greatest number allowed by law, would amount
to two thousand two hundred and twenty men.
If the second section, which authorizes the in-
crease of each company to ninety-six, be adopted,
of course the number of men added to the effective
service will depend on the manner in which the
Army may be posted. Suppose the Army to be
posted as now, and the thirty companies added
to be all sent to the same frontier where the one
hundred and eighty-five are now serving: it would
make a total increase of six thousand nine hun-
dred and fifty privates.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the second section alone
make that increase?
Mr. DAVIS. No; the second section increases
only the existing one hundred and ninety-eight
companies; but the first section, adding the thirty
companies to the Army, would make that in-
crease. , -
Mr. TOOMBS. The second section would
make an increase of over four thousand men, if
they were posted on the frontier?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall move to strike out the
first section of this bill. I think the increase of
the Army will be at least great enough with the
.second section, and will be made in a moie ap>-
propriate mode. The occasion for the present
increase of the Army is, I believe, a supposed Mor-
mon war—an anticipated Moimon war, rather
than an existing one. Inasmuch as the second
section, if the men be employed in active service
on the frontiers, will give from four thousand to
five thousand men, and inasmuch as they can be
used during the exigency of that expected war,
and then be disbanded, I think that is the best
v/ay to increase the Army; and therefore I pro-
pose to strike out the first section.
I am perfectly satisfied that the present Army
of the United States is altogether sufficient for the
peace establishment. The original idea—and, I
believe, it is common to the armies of most coun-
tries with which I have any acquaintance, though
I am not very familiar with the subject—in ar-
ranging our Army on the peace establishment,
was, that we could increase the numbers accord-
ing to any temporary exigency. I think origin-
ally—probably by the act of 1822, or before that
time—certainly it was so when I first came into
Congress—the rank and file of each company was
forty-two. It was afterwards raised in time of
peace, probably on account of our Indian dis-
turbances, to sixty-four. From time to time we
added new regiments to the service. This bill
