2516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
JOHN G. TODD.
Mr. HAWKINS, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Captain John G.
Todd, late of the navy of Texas; which was read
a first and second time, and, with the report, or-
dered to be printed.
COMMANDER THOMAS I. PAGE.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (S. No. 159) for the relief of
Commander Thomas I. Page, United States
Navy; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, Tyith the report, ordered to be
printed.
THOMAS I. PAGE.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (S. No. 160) for the relief of
Thomas I. Page; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
EDWARD D. REYNOLDS.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (S. No. 132) for the relief of
Edward D. Reynolds; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
RICHARD W. MEADE.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (S. No. 221) for the relief of
Kichard W. Meade; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House,and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
F. M. GtTNNELL.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (S. No. 253) for the relief of
F. M. Gunnell, passed assistant surgeon in the
United States Navy; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
DAVID D. PORTER.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 295) for the relief of
David D. Porter; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
WATCHMEN AT THE OBSERVATORY.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the anmo committee,
reported a bill to ineivase the pay of watchmen at
the United States Naval Observatory, at George-
town; which was road a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report, ordered to he printed.
DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. FLORENCE, fiom the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of David Myerle;
which was read a first and second time, referied to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM D. MOSELEY. •
Mr. WINSLOW, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 172) for the relief of
William D. Motley; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
JOHN A. FROST.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the same committee,
reported back a joint resolution (S. No. 34) for
the relief of the legal repiesent.itives of John A.
Frost; which was icfeired to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to
be printed.
WILLIAM HUNTER.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill for tho relief of Wil-
liam Hunter; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
J. E. MARTIN.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, Senate bill (No. 331) for the relief of the
legal representatives of J. E. Martin; which was
referred to a Committee of the Y/hole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ANTON L. C. PORTMAN*
-Mr. HOPKINS, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it
do pass, Senate bill (No. 332) for the relief of
Anton L. C. Portman, which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
TOWNSEND HARRIS,
Mr. HOPKINS, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment, Senate bill
(No. 244) for the relief of Townsend Harris;
which was referred to a Committee of the W hole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on the memorial of Jonas P.
Levy; and the proceedings of citizens of Ander-
son county, South Carolina, with reference to the
seizure of the schooner Flirt; which were sever-
ally laid upon the table, and the reports were or-
dered to be printed.
FRANCES ANN MACAULAY.
Mr. RARKSDALE, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, Senate bill (No. 223) for the relief of Fran-
ces Ann Macaulay; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
GEORGE W. LIPP1TT.
Mr. BRANCH, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, Senate bill (No. 140) for the relief of George
W. Lippitt; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
LIEUTENANT MAURY.
Mr. BRANCH, fiom the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, jomt resolution (No. 31) authorizing Lieu-
tenant M. F. Maury to accept a gold medal award-
ed to him by the Emperor of Austria; and asked
that it be put upon its passage.
The joint, resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
HEIRS OF HANNAH WIT,COX.
3\lr. PARKER, fiom the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made an adverse report on
the petition of the heirs of Hannah Wifcox;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. PARKER, it was
O) Scrcd, That the Commit roc on Uevoiutioriaiy
1)0 .hi-eiKuged Imuh (lie fin tuer consideration of tho petition
oft lie he; is of Simeon Bueon, and that th" %<niic be letorred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
JOHN SAWYER.
Mr. PARKER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John Sawyer, a sol-
j dier of the revolutionary war; which was read a
j first and second time.
I Mr. PARKER. This soldier is one hundred
1 and three years old, and I hope that, m considcr-
j ation of his jireat a^e, the House will put the bill
; upon its passage.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
j why he has never got a pension at the Pension
! Office '
j Mi*. PARKER. The case is not one which
■ comes under the general law.
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to putting
! the bill upon its passage.
| The bill was lei'erred to a Committee of the
i Whole House, mid, with the accompanying rc-
' port, ordered to be printed.
I NOAH SMITH.
; Mr. JEWETT, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, repoited back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 240) for
the relief of Noah Smith, late a private in the
Army ofthe United States, and moved that it be
laid upon the table,and that the report be punted.
Mr. MILLSON. I move that it be referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and be or-
dered to be printed. Courtesy to the Senate re-
quires that the bill should be considered by the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. JEWETT, from the same committee,
made adverse reports, on the following cases:
Margaret McGuire, Caroline M. Hutchinson,
Sarah M. Yeates, Samuel Janney, Isaac W.
Green, John Shaw, John H. Babb, and Cyreneus
and C. Blacknow; which were severally laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST.
Mr. JEWETT, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 116) for the relief of
Jeremiah Pendergast, of the District of Colum-
bia; which was refered to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to be
printed.
JAMES H. GLANDING.
Mr. JEWETT, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 292) for the relief of
James H. Gl.mding; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
JOHN BREST.
Mr. JEWETT, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 242) for the relief of
John Brest, a soldier of the war of 1812; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
MRS. ELIZA MERCHANT.
Mr. JEWETT, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 163) for the relief of
Mrs. Eliza Merchant, widow of the late Brevet
Captain Charles G. Merchant, of the United
States Army; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the report, or-
dered to be printed.
CATHARINE HAMAR.
Mr. JEWETT, from the same committee, re-
ported back House bill (No. 559) for the relief
of Mrs. Catharine CTarnar, and asked the consent
of the House to put the bill on its passage.
Mr. KELSEY objected.
Mr. JEWETT. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. This is a very merito-
rious case.
Mr. KELSEY. No, sir; I cannot withdraw
my objection.
JOHN PURCELE.
Mr. ROBRINS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting an invalid pension to John
Purcell; which was lead a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
AVI LEI AM B. TIIOMPKTNS.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting an invalid pension to
William I?. Thompkms; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report,ordered to be
printed.
GEORGE W. BEAN. *
Mr. ANDERSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill increasing the invalid pension of
George W. Bean; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee ofthe Whole
House, and,with the report, ordered to be printed.
ISAAC ALLEN.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill increasing the pension of Isaac
Alien, of Maine; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee ofthe Whole
House, and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM BURNS.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting an invalid pension to
William Burns, of Ohio: which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Comnnftee of tho
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to be
printed,
SIMEON RECORD.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Simeon Record;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to he printed.
