1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
now proposes to carry the number in each com-
pany up'to ninety-six. I do not objcct to that
mode of increase, if it be supposed by gentlemen
better acquainted with the military wants of the
nation at this time than I am, that three or four
thousand men are now wanted in anticipation of
the Mormon war; though I do not think any in-
crease is necessary, and shall not vote for the bill
in any form whatever; but I deem it my duty to
make the bill, in my judgment, as good as possi-
ble before voting on it finally. I do not think any
one will say that more than four thousand men
will be wanted. I hope the Senator from Missis-
sippi will correct me if I am wrong, but I believe
the rank and file of the present establishment is
about seventeen thousand.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a variable quantity. It
depends on how the Army is posted. As it is
now posted, it is over seventeen thousand.
Mr. TOOMBS. It can be carried above seven-
teen thousand ?
Mr. DAVIS. Seventeen thousand nine hun-
dred and eighty-four.
Mr. TOOMBS. Nearly eighteen thousand.
We have an Army capable of being enlarged ac-
cording to its position in the public service on the
frontiers, to nearly eighteen thousand men. This
bill proposes to add about thirty-two companies
to the one hundred and eighty-five companies now
existing, making nearly five thousand men. To
that extent it is capable of being enlarged; and if
the second section alone be passed, it will make
an Army of twenty-two thousand men in actual
service under the bill. My friend from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] suggests to me that it will cost $22,000,000
a year. I believe it will on that distant frontier;
because I know, that on some occasions during
the Mexican war—and it would be worse in our
own country than in an enemy's country—it cost
$1,000 a man, on account of the peculiar service.
But the question of cost, 1 admit, is not one to
be considered when the public defense is con-
cerned. If it be necessary for the public defense,
of course the money must be expended, though
it amounts to a hundred millions of dollars. I
see no such necessity, on a peace establishment,
even for the existing Army. So far as several of
the arms of the national defense are concerned,
they are comparatively useless for the service on
which account it is proposed to raise them—I
mean the Indian service. The infantry are worth
but little or nothing on our frontier, in peace or
war. They can take care of forts; but for any
other purpose, they have proved to be an exceed-
ingly inefficient service there.
One great objection I have to increasing the
Army by adding companies is, that you never can
get rid of them. I suppose the bill of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to be much better than
that proposed by the Secretary of War. The
five regiments he asks for, I deem to be wholly
unnecessary. This is a superior plan and meets
my approbation more than that proposed by the
Secretary of War and presented to us in the an-
nual message of the President. Inasmuch, how-
ever, as we can get four thousand more men by
the second section of the bill, carrying up the
rank and file on the war establishment to ninety-
six men in a company, thus giving us nearly
twenty-three thousand men altogether, which I
thinkadequate to the purposes of the Government,
I am unwilling to assent to the other sections of
the bill.
I think it is a great mistake to suppose that our
increased extension of territory has created an
increased necessity for troops. Twenty-five or
thirty years ago—in fact, from the last war with
England down to the Mexican war, our legal
military establishment did not exceed eight thou-
sand men. Our Indians were scattered; large
numbers of them were in Florida; large numbers
were in Georgia; large numbers were in Missis-
sippi; many were in the Northwest, and they were
mixed with the white population. Instead of the
two fronts of which gentlemen speak now, there
were half a dozen fronts. Since we have adopted I
the policy of carrying them west of the Missis- '
sippi and putting them together, while we con-
centrate them, we can concentrate our Army, I
think there is less necessity for troops now than
when the Indians were scattered about from north
to south, from Florida to the forty-ninth parallel
of north latitude. Our troops now are required
to protect the frontiers only in two points you may
say—on the eastern front and the Pacific side.
That twenty-two thousand men will be adequate
for the defense, I have no doubt.
As to the Mormon war, it is not yet a fact.
Congress, which alone has the power to make war,
has not spoken; and it is very certain, unless our
country has undergone a silent revolution, that
the President cannot make that war. It is very
certain, that unless the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives intend to go on in the downward path
of vesting all the powers of government confided
to the legislative department in the executive,
this war does not exist in contemplation of law.
Therefore, I say, Congress has not yet acted, and
when that question shall come up, there may be
gentlemen who may believe such a war to be un-
necessary; who may believe it to be unnecessary
to carry vast bodies of troops over the Rocky
Mountains, in order to murder those people who
are called Mormons. It may be that we may sup-
pose that no such necessity may exist. These
are my present impressions on the case, though
I give no judgment. I am not prepared to declare
such a war, nor to wage it; but if we do declare
it, if we do wage it, it is very clear that it must be
exceedingly brief atid temporary. If these troops
are to be raised for the Mormon war, I shall then
move an amendment, if I fail in my present mo-
tion, that these companies shall go out of the ser-
vice on the termination of the war. When, on a
national exigency, we declared war against Mex-
ico, in regard to all the extra regiments, I believe,
that were raised for that war, it was provided in
the act raising them, that the commissions of the
officers, and the terms of service of the men should
expire with the war. Now, if we are going to raise
the army on the pretense of a Mormon war, I shall
insist oil putting a provision in this bill, that all
these commissions shall expire, and that the terms
of service of the enlisted men shall expire with
the expiration of the war, if it ends within five
years.
If it be the intent simply in fime of peace,
with an exhausted Treasury, without the pre-
tense of Indian war, now to increase the Army
to twenty-six or twenty-seven thousand men, I
am opposed to it, and shall oppose it in all its
stages. If it be for the purpose, as I again re-
peat, of carrying on the Mormon war, twenty-two
thousand men will be enough; four regiments will
be enough. The force of Brigham Young is mag-
nified merely for the purpose of getting regiments
in many quarters. The same story has been told
to Congress, I think, tluee or four times since I
have been a member of the public councils. They
came at the opening of the session two or three
years ago, and said, " we are going to have an In-
dian^ war along the frontier." Stories were man-
ufactured in the newspapers, and they came to
Congress and got the regiments; and when they got
the regiments, we had peace instantly. The regi-
ments, when once mustered, are not to be gotten
rid of; they are permanent officers, fastened on
the community until we have a revolution. There
is nothing m the times, sir; there is nothing in the
condition of our country; there is nothing in its
finances; there is nothing in those distracting
questions which now agitate it; and I see nothing
in the future which makes it either wise or pru-
dent for the American Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives to enlarge the military forces of the
United States. A republican Government should
rest upon and be defended by the people; and
when they are unwilling or unfit to defend it, the
sooner they get a master the better.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia moves to amend the bill by striking out
the first section. The question is on that amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the theory of our
peace establishment, from the foundation of the
Government, has been to maintain a small army,
sufficient for the exigencies which would exist in
time of peace, and capable of expansion to war
necessities when war should arise. The adding
of two companies to the regiment, as provided for
in the bill, gives uniformity to the organization
of the Army; it gives twelve companies to each
of the regiments. Pour regiments now have twelve
companies. I esteem it a better organization than
ten companies. If it turns out that we shall
have such quiet among the Indians and elsewhere
that it will not be necessary to have so many on
the present establishment, which is not seventy-
four, as the Senator supposes, but fifty-two to th«
company, it will be capable of reduction. Seventy-
four men to each company was only provided for
in extraordinary cases, as recited in the act of
1850. That number to each company would give
us on the peace establishment, in the large army
of which the Senator from Georgia speaks, but
eleven thousand nine hundred and fifty-six, if the
thirty companies were added. If these eleven thou-
sand nine hundred and fifty-six men should be
found greater than the wants of the country re-
quired, then we should have an organization of
the regiments susceptible of a division into three
battalions, and a reduction of one third, keeping
two battalions in the service on the peace estab- .
lishment, and capable of sudden expansion, by the
addition of the third battalion, in time of war.
So far from favoring the idea, which I know
has been popular in both Houses of Congress for
many years past, of increasing the rank and file
in time of peace, I adhere to the theory of our
fathers, which was so handsomely illustrated by
Mr. Calhoun, as Secretary of War—a skeleton in
time of peace, capable of sudden expansion in
time of war, to the wants of the country. I have
no .disposition merely to reduce the expense by
disbanding a few officers, to cut down our estab-
lishment to a few regiments, and to swell the rank
and file of those regiments, so as to answer peace
purposes. I prefer to incur the additional expense
of keeping a larger skeleton, a greater number of
regiments with a fewer number of privates, which
gives us an efficient Army in time of war, by
merely adding new privates to the old ones that
constitute the skeleton company in time of peace,
and prevents us from suffering those disasters at
the commencement of a war which always ensue
from an undisciplined army.
I think, sir, it will be an improvement in the
organization of our Army to add two companies
to each regiment, making them all uniformly con-
sist of twelve. It will then be an easy matter, as
I stated, to cut off the third battalion and reduce
each regiment to eight companies, if the case ever
should arise which the Senatorfrom Georgia con-
templates, of our having a larger army on this
establishment than is necessary. I wish to call,
his attention to the fact that under the existing1
law, the number of privates alio wed to each com-
pany is fifty-two, and the strength of the Army,
therefore, with the thirty companies added, when
the troops are not on frontier stations or in the
field, will be eleven thousand nine hundred and
fifty-six; and to that number it is competent for
the President now to reduce the strength of every
company of the Army, for he is only authorized
or permitted to increase it to seventy-four, that
not being our peace organization; for Congress,
notwithstanding its preference for the rapid in-
crease of the rank and file, has always had the
wisdom—I say the wisdom—to preserve that skel-
eton organization which constitutes a small com-
pany in time of peace.
liut it is argued that this increase of the Army
,ir; on account of the Mormon war. That is not
my motive, nor is it the line of argument which
is pursued by the Secretary of War in his report
asking for an increase of the Army. He begins
by reciting the actual strength and the authorized
strength. He then states the number of posts,
the amount of frontier to be protected, and the
length of the line of communication between the
settlements and the point at which troops must
be stationed, and he closes his brief, and I think
very forcible, argument thus:
" To render governmental protection to our vast frontier
and emigration perfect, a very large augmentation of tile
Army would not be required. Five additional regiments
would answer the purpose, if properly posted.
" It will be seen from a paper carefully prepared from
reliable data by the Adjutant General, that no increase of
our forces is so efficient, or near so cheap, as the augment-
ation of our regular Army."
Then, the two motives which the Secretary pre-
sents—and his report is adopted by the President
of the United States in his message—are, first, the
necessity for the protection of the frontier and the
emigrant route; and second, the economy with
which it can be done in the manner proposed by
him. The manner proposed in the bill before us
is more economical than that of the Secretary.
It does not give us so large a peace skeleton; but
the committee has decided that the skeleton would
be large enough on this bill, being nineteen regi-
ments of twelve companies each. To strike off
