1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr
adverse reports.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the same committee,
made adverse reports upon the following cases;
which were laid on the table, and the reports or-
dered to be printed.
The petitions of Benjamin Yates, Sarah Brown,
Mary Parker,Micajah Pickett, Michael O'Brien,
William Wright, Thomas Glasgow,Samuel Boyn-
ton, Farley F. Coon, Archibald A. Gibson, Alex-
ander A. Morrow, John Tarlton, and Edward.R.
Jones.
PAPERS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. ANDERSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the further cons>ide)ation of the memorials of
the hens of William Lomax and Jaques> Charlant, and that
the same he referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
WEBSTER STEELE.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the same committee,
reported back Seriate bill (No. 291) for the relief
of Webster Steele; which was referred to a com-
mittee of the Whole House, and. ordered to be
printed.
JOHN PIPER.
Mr. CHAFFEE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting an invalid pension to John
Piper; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
EMMA A. WOOD.
Mr. CHAFFEE,from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Emma A. Wood,
widow of:he late BrevetMajorGcorge W. Wood,
of the United.States Army; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
MARY SHIRCLIFF.
Mr. CHAFFEE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting a pension to Mary Shirchff;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
thomas berry.
Mr. CHAFFEE, from the same committee, re-
ported a hill for the relief ofThomas Berry; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the re-
port, ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of the Senate of the following titles;
when the Sneaker signed the same;
A resolution (No. 33) for the relief of John
Grayson;
An act (No. 208) for the relief of Fabius Stan-
lev;
An act (No. ]S5) for the relief of Anna M. E.
Ring, Louisa M. Ring, Cordelia E. Ring, and
Sarah J. De Lannoy;
An act (No. 338) for the relief of Caleb Sher-
man ;
An act (No. 145) fertile relief of Brevet Major
JamesL. Donaldson, assistant quartermaster Uni-
ted States Army;
An aci (No. 169) for the relief of Rufus Dwinel;
An act. (No. 106) for the tehef of Elijah F.
Smith, Gilman H. Perkins, and Charles F. Smith;
An act (No. 330) for the relief of Stephen II.
Rowan;
An ct (No. 70) for the relief of John Dick, of
Florida;
An act (No. 74) for the relief of J. Wilcox
Jenkins;
An act (No. 91) to continue a pension to Chris-
tine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet Major
Moses J. Barnard, United States Army;
An act (No. 92) for the relief of George A.
O'Brien;
An act (No. 95) explanatory of an act entitled
"An act for the relief of Dempsey Pittman," ap-
proved August 16, 1856;
An act (No. 117) for the relief ofWilham Allen,
of Portland, in the State of Maine;
An act (No. !)6) for the relief of Susanna T.
Lea, widow and administratrix of James Ma-
glenen, late of the city of Baltimore, deceased;
An act (No. 136) for the relief of John B.
Hand;
An act (No. 35) for the relief of Michael Kinny,
late a private in company I, eighth regiment Uni-
ted States Army;
An act (No. 67) for the relief of Jonas P.
KeMer;
An act (No. 52) for the relief of William B.
Trotter;
An act (No. 59) for the relief of James G. Ben-
ton, E. B. Babbitt, and James Longstreet, of the
United States Army; and
An act (No. 81) for the relief of Laurent Mil-
laudon.
ISAAC SEYMOUR AND OTHERS.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made an adverse report on sundry
claims of Isaac Seymour and others; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
DAVID FOWLER.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the Committee
on Invalid Pensions be diccharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of David Fow-
ler, Bristol, New Hampshire, and that the same
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
It was so ordered.
JAMES SMITH.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill (No. 302) for the relief of
James Smith; which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
LEMUEL AVORSTER.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee, j
reported back Senate bill (No. 294) for the relief
of Lemuel Worster; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
ABNER MORRILL.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill (No. 335) for the relief"
of Abner Morrill; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
JANE SMITH.
! Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting a pension to Jane Smith;
which was read a first and second time, referred
I to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
| the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
| DANIEL LOOKINGBILL.
i Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
! made an adverse report on,the petition of Daniel
i Lookingbill; which was laid upon the table, and
j the report ordered to be printed.
| JOHN HOLLAND.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to report a bill grant-
ing an invalid pension to John Holland, of Ark-
ansas.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask to put that bill on
its passage. This man is ninety-three years old.
Mr. KELSEY. I object. You refused, a little
while ago, to let a bill pass for a man one hun-
dred and three years of age.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not.
Mr. KELSEY. Somebody else did.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
CONRAD DUVAL.
Mr. BURNS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting an invalid pension to Con-
rad Duval; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ABRAM CRUM.
Mr. BURNS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting an invalid pension to Abram
Crum; which was read a first and second time,
leferred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying leport, ordered to
be printed.
HENRY SNYDER.
Mr. CASE, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Henry Snyder, of Jefferson
county, Ohio; which was read a first and second
time, referred to aCommittee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
JOHNSTON WILLIAM SWIFT. '
Mr. CASE, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Johnston William Swift;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Comm*.tee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
DANIEL HAY.
Mr. CASE, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 230) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Daniel Hay, deceased;
which was referred to aCommittee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
ANTHONY CASLO.
Mr. CASE, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 255) for the relief of An-
thony Casio, a soldier in the war of 1812; which
was referred to aCommittee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
JOHN PICKELL.
Mr. CASE, from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill«(No. 328) for the relief of John
Pickell; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. CASE, from the same committee, reported
adversely on the following Senate bills; which
were laid upon the table, and the reports ordered
to be punted:
An act (No. 309) for the relief of John B. Mil-
ler; and
Ad act (No. 267) for the relief of G. Alonzo
Breast.
JOHN ALLEN.
Mr. CASE moved that the Committee on In-
valid Pensions be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John Allen; and
that leave be granted for the withdrawal of the
papers, for presentation to the Pension Office.
It was so ordered.
ORESTES IIUTCHINS.
Mr. MORSE, qf New York, from the same
committee, reporteda billgran ting an invalid pen-
sion to Orestes Hutchins; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, oidered to be printed.
NATHAN RANDALL. '
Mr. MORSE, of New York, from the same
committee, reported a bill granting an invalid pen-
sion to Nathan Randall; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
JOSEPH NOCK.
Mr. REILLY, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of Joseph Nock;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
EDWARD N. KENT.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, from the same
committee, reported back a bill (S. No. 188) for
the relief of Edward N. Kent; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
LYDIA FLETCHER.
Mr. SAVAGE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Lydia
i Fletcher; which was read a first and second time,
j and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
I EDWARD P. VOJuLUM.
' Mr. SAVAGE, from the same committee, re-
! ported back a bill (S. No. 336) for the relief of
! Edward P. Vollum, with a recommendation that
I it do not pass.
1 The bill was laid upon the table, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
CHARLES KNAP.
Mr. EUSTIS, from the Committee on Com-
