m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 26,
the addition to each regiment of two companies,
provided for in the first section, and to leave the
increase in the rank and file.proposed. by the second
section, would be so small a measure of economy
that I am sure, on a calculation, the Senator from
Georgia would not urge it on that account. It
would be merely adding the three company offi-
cers to each company thus added to the Army,
the rank and file being supposed to be constant,
either by reduction of the size of the company or
otherwise. These three company officers—the
captain and two lieutenants—being then all the
additional costof maintaining the larger skeleton,
I do not think there is any financial consideration
which will justify us in rejecting the proposition
contained in the first section of the bill.
War, it is said, has not been declared against
the Mormons; nor do I understand war to exist.
{ do not understand the President to be levying
war upon the Mormons. I do not understand
that the Army.which is now emoute for Salt Lake
has on reaching that point, any other order than
$o enforce the laws of the United States, and see
that they are faithfully executed. I regret, as
much as any one, that it should be necessary to
call in the troops of the United States to execute
the laws of the Union in any of its parts. 1 re-
gret, as much as any one, that a rebellion should
exist in the remotest Territory of the United States;
but wherever rebellion does exist, wherever there
is insurrection against State authority or invasion
of the United States, the President has the power
to repel such invasion, to suppress such insurrec-
tion, to put down such rebellion, if it be in a Ter-
ritory, without the necessary application by the
Governor or Legislature of a State provided for
in the case of a State.
Our forefathers!, jealous of the use of the Army
and Navy by the Executive, first provided only
for the use of the militia, wherever the militia is
competent to discharge the duty. I think every
Executive who consults his own welfare, who
properly appreciates the true policy of our Gov-
ernment, will resort to the militia rather than to
the Army and the Navy; but is it not apparent
that the President cannot resort to the militia in
this case? The militia composed of the Mormon
Legion to be called out by the President to exe-
cute the laws of the United Status upon the Mor-
mons! The proposition is so palpably absurd
that no one can entertain it. His only resort, then,
is to use the Army. If he attempts to execute the
laws of the United States in the Territory of Utah,
he is perforce driven to the necessity of using the
Army, in case of any organized resistance to the
execution of the laws. That there is an organized
resistance in the Territory of Utah is reported;
it is generally believed. I have no further knowl-
edge of it than that which belongs to every mem-
ber of the Senate. I take it for granted, however,
that thero is resistance, an organized resistance,
to the laws of the United Suites, and that the
troops will be employed to execute the laws
when they reach their destination. If there be
hq resistance to the laws there, then it will be
merely a march to that portion of our territory.
I have not yet received the report which I called
for some time ago, in relation to the Indian affairs
of Oregon and Washington Territories. I think,
however, that we may rely upon the statements
winch are made, that the Indians there are in a
disturbed condition; that white emissaries have
been among them supplying them with ammuni-
tion; a priori, we might have reached that con-
clusion, forthe progressof the settlements towards
the West, and then the progress of settlements to-
wards the East, on the Pacific ocean, have driven
these Indians into contiguity. Formerly dispersed
in small bands, Jiving in fertile valleys with tribal
wars, traditionary hostilitiesexistingamongthem,
they were weak. Driven from their old homes,
collected into great bodies, their former feuds sup-
pressed by the necessity of the case, they become
every year more and more formidable against the
United States; and the long line of communication
by which it is necessary to reach them, may make
tnem, within no distant period, a formidable foe
to all the power which the United States can em-
ploy.
Surely it is no argument to say that Indian wars
have, heretofore been reported; that troops have
been raised to prevent them; and that when the
troops were raised, there was no Indian war. God
grant that that may always be the result. It
would be a blessed consummation if the sending
of a force into Utah should insure submission and
obedience to the laws of the United States there.
It would be a still more fortunate event if the post-
ing of large bodies of troops all along our frontier
should prevent the outbreak of Indian hostilities.
To prevent hostilities is surely a more desirable
object, and one which would better justify the
expenditure of money, than to raise armies to
exterminate Indian tribes, or shed the blood of
inhabitants of the United States.
I have no doubt, myseif, (and my early life
gave me &me opportunities for observation in
that service,) that a large portion of our Indian
hostilities has resulted from the very small gar-
risons which we keep on the frontier. The In-
dians whom we are now required to watch, are
not like the Indians to whom the Senator from
Georgiaalluded. The Indians in Mississippi were
generally friendly to the United States; and it was
the traditionary boast of the largest tribe in that
State, that they had never shed the blood of a
white man. The Indians in his own State were
more hostile; but settlements at that time advanced
slowly. The greater portion of his State, like my
own, was cultivable; the people went shoulder to
shouhler as they encroached upon the Indian
tribes. In these vast interior regions, however,
where fertility depends entirely upon the power
to supply water, little segregated settlements are
formed along the valleys of streams, not of suffi-
cient strength to sustain themselves, and there
they invite the incursion of the savages, and there
these hostilities usually occur. I think, there-
fore, that the present position of the Indians is
nothing like so favorable, even if we had only the
same number to combat, as that in which they
formerly existed.
Then, again, it is to be remarked that a different
race of men have been brought into contact with
these Indians. In no spirit of boasting or sec-
tional exaltation, I will say that the men who in-
habited the southern States and the southern Ter-
ritories, from their habits as hunters, had those
prerequisites for military service that enabled
them, without the support of the Government,
to find their way into the Indian country, and to
maintain themselves against Indian tribes. Even
against the formidable tribes that possessed Ken-
tucky when it was settled, the white man made
his steady progress without the aid of any mili-
tary force from the United States. Such is the
history of our country. The reverse is the fact
in relation to the population now brought ill con-
tact with the Indians of the West. To a large
extent they are foreigners; and the residue of the
population is, to a very great extent, made up of
emigrants from the northeastern States. Neither
of these people are accustomed to a life wliich
qualifies them to meet the savage in his own mode
of warfare. They require the protection of the
military arm; and hence, year by year, it has in-
creased as a necessity on the pai t of the Govern-
ment of the United States, to give military pro-
tection to those settlements. Every year you have
bills biought before you to indemnify persons for
property lost; and Congress has so far adopted
this theory of their obligation to protect the per-
! son that they have carried it to the security of his
' property. They have almost become underwrit-
ers of the property on the frontier. If it were a
mere financial question, it would not be difficult
to prove that it is cheaper to maintain a force
which will prevent these outbreaks of the Indians
on the frontier, than it is merely tograntthat poor
boon of indemnity to the family of him who has
been murdered by the Indians when hostilities
commence.
I hope, therefore, that the first section of this bill
willnotbe stricken out. I believe thatitwill render
the Army more efficient. I believe that when no
hostilities exist, when no necessity for actual op-
erations shall require the companies to be filled up
to the large standard proposed, by reducing them
to fifty-two we shall have a skeleton or peace es-
tablishment better suited to the puiposes of our
Government in time of war. I believe, also, that
this will furnish us a convenient organization
whenever we shall think proper to adopt it;
making three battalions to each regiment; having
two in actual service, and the third battalion dis"
banded when there shall be no necessity for it, but
called into service as regular, volunteer, or militia
troops., and added to the two battalions which con-
stitute the permanent regiment. These are my
principal reasons for proposing the addition of
two companies to each regiment, and these are the
considerations for which I insist on its not being
stricken out.
Mr. HUNTER. If I believed that these Mor-
mon difficulties required an increase in the regu-
lar Army, I certainly would vote it; and if I had
todo so, I would greatly prefer the shape in which
that increase is presented by the bill of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi than to raising it by addi-
tional new regiments. I prefer it because it would
furnish rather more men, as I understand, than
the five regiments, and we should have fewer
officers.
But if the proposition be to increase the present
standing Army to that extent, on account of these
difficulties, it seems to me that it ought to be ac-
companied with another provision, that when
these difficulties are settled, this addition to the
Army shall be disbanded and dismissed. Unless
some such provision accompanies the proposition,
it is manifest that it is a mere increase of the
standing Army of the United States, which is de-
signed to be permanent. Now, sir, I am unwill-
ing to do this, I believe that there are no lasting
and permanent necessities which would require
such an addition to the Army. We discussed this
matter in 1855. Four new regiments were then
added to the existing army, and it was supposed
that was all that would be necessary to guard and
Frotect our country in ordinary times of peace.
see nothing that has occurred since that time to
create the necessity for five new additional regi-
ments, or for the addition now proposed by the
bill of the Senator from Mississippi, unless it be
to settle the Mormon difficulties; and, as I said
before, if that be the object, there ought to be
some provision for disbanding them after those
difficulties are settled.
There are, it seems to me, two provisions in
the existing laws which would enable the Pres-
ident of the United States to increase the present
rank and file. I see from the report of the Fay-
master General that he states that at present one
hundred and eighty-seven out of one hundred and
ninety-eight companies come within the provis-
ions of the law of 1850, which allow the President
to raise the company force to seventy-four when
stationed at distant posts. Already the whole
Army comes within the range of this provision,
with the exception of eleven companies as here
stated. I see, too, that the law of 184C—I do not
know whether it is construed to be obsolete, or
not—allows the President to raise the company
force to one hundred.
Mr DAVIS. It is construed to have been re-
pealed by the act of organization which reduced
the strength ofthe company to fifty-two, and after-
wards, by the special act which authorizes the
President under certain circumstances to raise the
strength to seventy-four. I esteem it as an obli-
gation, I will here say, with the Senator's per-
mission, whenever the circumstances do not re-
quire the organization to seventy-four, that the
President should go back to the organization of
fifty-two. I think he is bound to do it.
Mr. HUNTER. I had supposed the law of
1850 allowed the President to keep up the com-
panies to seventy-four as long as he thought the
public good required it. Of course he has the
power to reduce it if he chooses; but if, in his
opinion, we want so many more men, he is already
allowed, I think, under the law of 1850, to keep
up the company force to seventy-four, certainly
of those companies stationed at distant or frontier
posts. That is the only limitation of the law.
Now, sir, what can be the necessity for in-
creasing the Army beyond what is allowed by the
law of 1850, and especially since the addition of
four new regiments in 1855? for, observe, I throw
out of consideration the Mormon difficulties for
the present. This is designed to be a permanent
increase of the Army; and I ask, what is there
now to require more troops than were necessary
in 1855? Certainly not the condition of the In-
dians. We have no more Indians to guard now
than we had then; nor are those Indians more
difficult, or even so difficult, to guard and keep off
from our frontier, as they were at that time; for
it is to be remembered that since that period we
have adopted a very expensive system of defen-
sive policy in regard to these Indians. We are col-
lecting themin the northwestern reservations. We
