456
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sf.ss.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Gilmer.
Ho. of Reps.
-way of putting ftn end now, henceforth, and for-
ever to the question, I call upon gentlemen here
who witnessed the same scene that I did, to state
what they saw, and what their recollection of
it is.
Mr. LEITER. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. My time is
not out, and I do not give way to the gentleman
from Ohio. But I do not want an ex parte case
made up here. Iam perfectly willing to hear him
or any other gentleman make a statement in re-
fard to the matter, after the gentlemen to whom
have referred shall have made their statements.
Mr. LEITER. I am obliged to the gentleman;
but I never take any other gentleman's contro-
versies off his hands. I have as much of that
kind of matter as I can'attend to. If the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] wants
to reply to his colleague, I will yield the floor to
him, provided I can have it afterwards.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I did not
yield to the gentleman from Ohio; and I now call
upon gentlemen here to state whether I have de-
scribed the scene following the delivery of my
colleague's first speech truly or not?
Mr. LEITER. f beg the gentleman's pardon.
I thought he was through.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say that as far
as 1 witnessed the exhibition, the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Shaw] has described it sub-
stantially, as I believe it took place. 1 was in my
seat at the time the speech of the gentleman [Mr.
Gilmer] was delivered, especially when his re-
marks came to a closc. Several of the Black
Republicans did congratulate the gentleman, [Mr.
Gilmer,] and I distinctly lemembcr seeing Mr.
Giddings approach the member from North Car-
olina, [Mi\ Gilmer,] after he had taken his seat.
I will not say that he took hold of his hand; but
my impression at the time was that he did so;
and if I were to speak alone fiom what I saw, 1
should have so stated unhesitatingly at the time,
as is evident from my exclamation. It. is due to
myself to sny that the remark made by me was
not intended to do more than express my own
feelings of the scene that was being enacted be-
tween the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Gilmer,] and the Black Republicans, I did not
expect to see it in the newspapers*.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I beg leave
to call upon the gentleman fiom Kentucky, [Mr.
Stkyenson.]
Mr. HORTON. Is this in pursuance of any
rule of the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time is
not out.
Mr. HOUSTON, I desire now that other gen-
tlemen, whether they agree or differ with me,
should state their recollection of that scene. The
gentleman from North Carolina is entitled to the
floor, and can yield it for a statement.
Several Members on the Republican side. Go
ahead 1
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I desire to
call on several other gentlemen for their state-
ments.
Mr. LEITER. Is it understood that I have
got the floor? If not, I make the point that the
time of the gentleman from North Carolina has
expired.
The CHAIRM AN. The gentleman from North
Carolina has the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON, The Chair, and not the gen-
tleman from Ohio, keeps the time.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I yield the
floor, now, to the gentleman from Kentucky.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Note.—Having been prevented, by the expira-
tion ofmy hour, and the objections which were
made, from calling out any other statements, I
append the following:
House ok Representatives, June 3, 1858.
At the request of lion. If. M Shaw, I state that I was in
the House of Representatives, on the 30th day of March,
when Ins colleague [Hon. Mr. Gilmer] delivered a speech
upon the questions connected with the admission of Kan-
sas as a State. At-the couclusion of the speech, a number
of" Republicans," from different parts of the Hail, crowded
around the seat of the honorable member fiom North Caro-
lina, and congratulated hitn. Hon. Mr. GmniNGs,of Ohio,
was an the Hall, at the conclusign qf the speech. Heap-,
pro'ache'd) with the Beat of Ho'n. Mr. Gilmer, and I •
supposed, at the time,he congratulated him ; and I should
sull have entertained that opinion, but for the denials which
have since been made. I thought then, and I think now,
from the manifestations given by the member from Ohio,
that he was much gratified at the position occupied by the
gentleman from North Carolina upon that occasion.
I have stated what I saw upon that occasion, and the im-
pressions made upon me by the parties referred to.
H. C. BURNETT.
I concur in the above.
GEORGE S. HAWKINS.
J. L. M. CURRY.
j. W. STEVENSON.
WM. F. RUSSELL.
ALLFSON WHITE.
JAMES IIUGHES.
C. L. VALLANDIGHAM.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A. GIL MER,
OF NORTII CAROLINA,
If? the House or Representatives,
May 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. GILMER said:
Mr. Chairman: There seems to be some in-
dication of a disposition to deal with me quite
fiercely and harshly. Instead of arguing the po-
litical questions under consideration, thrusts and
attacks are mode ad hominem to do me harm.
Points out of the ordinary scope arc made, and
my colleague seems to insist upon them as though
something very important was to turn upon them.
Before I proceed, however, I will call upon the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Goodwin,] who
was between Mr. Giddings and myself, and I
would be glad if he would state, in the hearing of
the House, what took place between us.
Mr. ATKINS. I object, as objection was made
on this side of the House just now under similar
circumstances.
Several Members. It way withdrawn.
• Mr. ATKINS. Then I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. GOODWIN. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. GILMER. My friends say they think it
wholly unnecessary to introduce any testimony
upon this subject. [Cries of" Let him go on.5'"]
Well, I am perfectly willing that he shall make
his statement.
Mr. GOODWIN. I will sny that I was in my
own seat at the time; [Mr. Goodwin's seat is next
but one to the seat occupied by Mr. Gilmer, and
between it and the aisle;] that Mr. Giddings stood
in the aisle by the side of my desk; and that there
is one more desk between Mr. Gilmer's and my
own; Mr. Giddings stood here by the side of my
desk and shook his hands at Mr. Gilmeii, and
said, "I do not thank you for connecting my
name with th.it of Mr. iSuchanan." That was
all he waul; and then he passed along. He did not
take Mr. Gilmer by the hands. He was noc
within reach of his hands. My colleague, [Mr.
Andrews,] who sits by me, was hero fit the time.
Mr. ANDREWS. My recollection of what
occurred corresponds with what my colleague has
just stated.
Mr. BINGHAM. I take the liberty of saying
that I believe the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Shaw] was present when my colleague,
[Mr. Giddings,] in his hearing, and in the hear-
ing of the House, said that lie never congratulated
Mr. Gilmer on that occasion, or on any other,
about his speech; and I submit to the House and
j to the country if, after hearing that statement of
1 my colleague, it is not, to say the least of it, a
departure from those rules which ordinarily gov-
ern gentlemen, for the gentleman from North
Carolina, in the absence of my colleague, to raise
a question of veracity with him, especially on a
subject which he knows nothing about?
Mr. GILMER. I think I recollect seeing the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] somewhere near
me at the time. If he is in the House I should
be glad to hear his recollection of what occurred.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I trust that if the com-
mittee has no more important business than this,
we shall rise.
Mr. GILMER. Well, I will let that pass.
Mr. Chairman, I am not going to inflict a speech
upon the committee—very far from it. I will
simply state that when I made my speech upon
this subject of Kansas and Lecompton, I aimed,
as far as I could, (and I think I succeeded,) at
making a speech in which there were no offensive
personal allusions—a speech that, I conceive,
was acceptable to most southern gentlemen, and
to the conservative gentlemen from the North.
My colleague, [Mr. Shaw,] twenty days there-
after, in my absence, made a reply to it; and I
submit to his own good sense, and I submit to
the sense of the committee, and to all who may
have read his speech, whether, instead of answer-
ing the views which I had respectfully submitted
to the consideration of the House and the coun-
try, without offense to any one, he did not in his
speech reply to the ad hominem, as if my having
done this or that, having helped a poor Irishman,
or having voted this way, or that way, in the
Legislature of North Carolina, had anything to do
with the great questions that were then before us ?
And if my colleague, having thus attempted by
a speech to affect me politically, in the estimation
of my constituents, has found, from my reply,
that he has gained nothing by it, but on the con-
trary, that he is about to lose by it, I would
simply say, here, with all good humor, and with
all respect, that I do not think it becomes him to
get into this fever, this excitement, this fury, this
evident state of dissatisfaction; for I can assure
my colleague that I am down with no such com-
plaint.
I desire, now, to say a word or two in reply to
my colleague, in regard to my speech in reply to
him having been delivered on Monday evening.
My colleague may be assured that as early as a
week ago lastTuesday night, after it was determ-
ined, as I understood, that we were to hold evening
sessions for debate, I was then ready to proceed,
but could not, by the House refusing to go into
committee, for which refusal he voted. I waned till
Saturday evening, when I obtained the floor; but
as my colleague was not then present, I postponed
my remarks still further, until Monday evening,
for the express purpose of giving him an oppor-
tunity to be here. He says he did not receive the
notice. I proceeded. With regard to the printing
of my speech, my colleague will find, by reference
to the Globe, that it occupied its regular-place in
the proceedings, and appeared at the earliest pos-
sible moment. But such was my anxiety to pub-
lish it that I had it printed elsewhere, at my own
expense; and if it did not fall into the hands of
my colleague, it was in the hands of many gen-
tlemen here before it was published in its regular
order in the official proceedings in the Globe. But
all this is catching at small things; and I express
my belief, with all becoming respect, that they
had better be left out in discussions of this kind.
I expect to gain nothing by such. I think my
colleague will find that the people of North Car-
olina, before whom we have both to appear, will
take very little notice of these small matters.
My colleague, it seems, would get mc into some
controversy with the venerable gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman.] In that I trust he
will be disappointed; for I say here, as I have
often said in relation to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, that I had esteemed and venerated him
as much as any man whose acquaintance it has
been my fortune to make since the commence-
ment of this Congress. He may get him momen-
tarily into some excitement, which, on reflection,
I am sure will soon pass away. I expressed my
views as to how those who desired to have the
Green amendment stricken out of the Senate bill
could have proceeded so easily to do it; and in
this, I indulged in the usual freedom of political
criticism. But upon that particular subject I think
I have been heard enough; and I think I have
been heard in such a manner that my people, at
least, and all North Carolina, will be well satisfied
with the history and explanation which I have
given of that subject. Was the amendment of
the venerable gentleman from Mississippi to strike
out the Green amendment? Let us see.
First, we had the Senate bill. The first amend-
ment was to strike out the Senate bill and insert in
lieu thereof the Crittenden-Montgomery amend-
ment. What was the amendment of the gentle-
man from Mississippi? It was to substitute his
amendment for both the Senate bill and the Crit-
tenden bill—to throw the Ciittenden bill entirely
