2518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
merce, reported back a bill (S. No. 272) for the
relief of Charles Knap, and asked that the same
be put upon its passage.
Mr. KELSEY objected.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to
be printed.
PUBLICATION OP CERTAIN DOCUMENTS.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Joint Committee on
the Library, reported a bill authorizing the col-
lection and publication of certain public docu-
ments; which was read a first and second time, i
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is that a i
private bill ? j
Mr. PETTIT. Tt was not clear to the com- I
mittee whether this should rank as a public or >
a private bill; but, upon examination, it will ap- i
pear that it was initiated by a private memorial, i
The labor proposed to be "done under it is pre- i
scribed to be done by particular individuals, and !
on a particular subject. It is, therefore, I think, i
a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the same
opinion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It relates 1
1o the publication of certain documents, to wit: !
tfic American State Papeis; and proposes that the i
work shall be done by gentlemen who have pub- !
iished them heretofore. It is public, work, not j
predicated upon any claim which they have more I
than any other persons. The bill involves the
questions, first, whether we will have the work '
done? anil, secondly, by whom we will have the
work done ? !
The SPEAKER. The merits of the bill are
not now under consideration. '
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 am show- !
ing that it is not a private bill, and cannot, in the j
proper sense of the word, be considered as such. ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks if the
gentleman will read the bill he will change his
opinion.
Air. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then I ask
that the bill bo lead.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 make the
point of order that that, is not a private bill, and
is not admissible under the resolution. This
work has not been provided for by any existing
law. It is a mere proposal ofthese persons. They ;
have no claim upon the (lovernment. There is |
no law and no determination on the part of Con-
gress to extend this publication; and eniaiuly,
under the guise of a pnvutu bill, a proposal <\m-
not be biought in In1 re by individuals (o i^o on
and conduct a public woi lc or publication ih.i' has
not been provided lor by taw.
The SPEAKEH. The sieeirestion of (lie gen-
tleman from Kentucky nn^ht be of weight when
the question came up whether the lull should or
should not hi; passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, o[ ivmtucky. Wei!, i
make the point of oider that it is not adnns.-uble
under the resolution undoi which we me acting.
The SPEAKER. The bill pio-iuhs fm* con-
tracting with ceitain persons nam'd lor ceitain
books. It does not piopose to go into (he mar-
ket. It is not general in its ehntneft r; it is spe-
cial, restricting the contract to particular individ-
uals; and if that does not make it a piivate lull,
the Chair cannot imagine what would.
Mr. STANTON. It strikes me that the uiea
ni a private bill is wheie there is some liability or
obligation on the part of the (.Government.
The SPEAKER. And is not tins a piopoi-dl
to enter into an obligation on the part of the Cov-
emment to particular persons '
Mr. STANTON. Certainly; but th.it doe.- not
make jt private bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennesse-. I wish to say, m
rd-lition to what the gentleman iiom Kentucky
has said, in relation to the point of order, that
This is no claim. There is nothing to base the bill
upon; and it se^ms to me that it is not a private
ouo, even though the contract is to be made with
private individuals, it i-* for die ^.eueial puipo.>es ,
of the Government, and I cannot see how it, can
possibly be const! u< d to be k private bill. We are >
ir/ingto reduce tins pinning business, and here
is a proposition which involves an expenditure of
hrU* a million of dollirs or more.
The SPEAKER. That may nil be true; and '
;■ t it does no' .died tbe question of oidet. it
may affect the decision of the House, when it
comes to pass upon the bill; but it does not touch
the question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A private bill is
one relating to the claim of a private individual
upon the Government.
Mr. EDIE. I object to debate.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Does the
Chair overrule my question of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I take an
appeal.
Mr. EDIE. I move to lay the appeal upon the j
table. I
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is the ap-
peal debatable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. !
Mr. MARSHALL,of Kentucky. Why not? !
The SPEAKER. The House is acting this !
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to inquire if the effect
of the resolution which the gentleman from Ohio
proposes to offer is that when the Calendar shall
have been called over the bills are to be taken up
in their order, and disposed of upon merely five
minutes' discussion?
Mr. STANTON. That is the effcct.
Mr. MILLSON. Well, sir, it seems to me un-
necessary. When we go into committee and tnke
up the hills for discussion, we can rise upon each
particular bill and close debate.
Mr. STANTON. If we have to rise to close
debate upon each particular bill, we shall not get
through with more than three cases in the course
of the day.
Mr. MILLSON. I want to see what cases aie
to come up, before I consent to close debate upon
them.
  . Mr. STANTON. I think any bill on the Cai-
morning under a special order, which is not de- \ \ endar may be explained in five minutes to the sat-
batable. This question, arising incidentally under ii isfaction of any gentleman.
it, comes under the same rule as an appeal after ij " " ~
the previous question has been seconded ''
oi d-'i
J the
ed.
appeal v,\
Mr. RITCHIE. I object.
Mr. STANTON. At the request of gentlemen
' around me, I will withdraw the resolution. .
! Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
i Committee of tire Whole House upon the Prnatc
Calendar.
■ Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw the motion for a moment,
, to enable me to submit a resolution,
i Mr. CHAFFEE. I cannot.
i Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it m order to
suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. Jf the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts should be voted down,
and the gentleman from Virginia should get the
' Hour, it would then be in order for hnn to move
i to suspend the rules.
Mr. Chaffre,& motion was agreed to.
! So the rules were suspended; and the House
, resolved itself into u. Committee of dm Whole
House, (Mr. Oii4FFi',E in the chair,) and proceed-
ed to the consideration of the Private Calendar.
Under the order of the House, the bills were read
ovei in their order, and such as were not objected
to were laid aside to be reported to the House.
crnus ii. m'cormicic.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 11) upon the pe-
tition of Cyrus H. McCormick. [Objected to by
Mr. Wasiibuune, of Illinois.]
WILLIAM NEILL, AND OTHERS.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 10) upon the pe-
tition of William Neill, and others. [Objected to
by Mr. WASHiiuiixt, of Illinois.]
CHARLES J. INGERSOLL.
A bill (H.li.No, 397) for the relief of Charles
J. lngersoll. (Objected to by Mr. Kelsey.]
JIENRY LEEF AND .TOILS' M'JCKE.
A bill (II. K. >no. ;>0G) to indemnify Henry
Leef and John Mebleefor il!u<ral sn&uicof a cei-
tam baik. {Objected to by Mr. Smiti.*, of Vir-
jjmid.]
WILLIAM HEI.ML
A bill (II. R. No. ; ]<)) for the relief of Williom
Heme, aitist m the Japan expedition.
1 The bill directs that there be paid to William
; Heine, artist of the late Japan expedition under
' Commodore Perry, compensation at the rate of
i p 1,800 per annum durmgthe time he was actually
employed in such service; provided the amount
i already paid him as master's mate on said expe-
dition be deducted theiefrom.
! Mr. Smith, of Virginia, objected to the bill; but
1 subsequently withdrew his objection.
From the report it appears that William Heine
, entered and served as a masrer's mate, under
Commodore Perry, on the Japan expedition, from
August 3,385:2, to April ^5, J8o5; that, while thus
, employed, he performed the duties of artist to the
i expedition, and, in that capacity, piepared very
> many of the illustrations of the report of the
, work called for by Congress. During the whole
Mr, STAXTOX. I move to suspend the rules. 1 of his service in the capacity of master's mate,
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Will that be in '! as appears from the papers fiom Commodore
order under the resolution which was adopted j! Perry and Lieutenant Maury, he "was exclu-
t!ns morning ? sively employed as the principal artist of the ex-
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think 'j pedition, m which capacity lie evinced superior
the resolution conflicts with that which passed the !; talents, and elicited the en tit e approbation of the
House this morning ..commander of the expedition and, since his
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. My prop-
osition is, that this bill does not come under the
operation of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. That is the point in contro-
versy. if the Chair is wrong, and the House
should so determine, then the bill will not be be-
fore the House at all.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Very well;
let us have the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman f 'orrt Ken-
tucky objects to the bill being received as a pii-
vate bill. The bill proposes that the Committee
on the Library shall be directed to contract with
the publishers of the first series of State Papers,
going on to specify the number of volumes and
the price to be paid.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Which is
not suihouzed by law.
i'be SPEAKER. (<f course, there i.-; no lew.
This bill prooose-; to vacate a law. The Chan*
decides that the bill is a piivate bill, and from
that decision the gentleman fiom Kentucky ap-
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would inquire if the bill
indicates the individuals who are to do the work?
The SPE \KER. It refers to the publishers
of the first seiics as specifically us if they were
named.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The yeas and nays m. 'M*o not
The queMion was taken: air
laid upon tiie table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee i l use anotiu r
question of order upon the lull. I ask ii' this
question has ever been referred to the Committee
on the Library' And if it has not, I ask by
what authority they have lu ou^ht this bill iieie >
Mr. PETTIT. I will onswei the ^ nthonan
ft-un Tennessee that th:s matter was pi.""ented to
the House by tin1 meenn of Mess1 i Ja les &
Seaton, then referred by the lloiu.e to the Joint
Ciunmit'<,e on the Library, and in pussuauco of
sueh reference, is now ropoifed back by the com-
mitti e.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I nvwe to lay the
b:H upon the table; and upon tlnu motion I ask
for th-' yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ouleivd.
The motion to lay upon the table was disagreed
to.
The lull was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole Hou'-'e, and oideredto be printed.
Mr, STANTON. I desire to otter the, follow-
ing resolution, to winch, i presume, there will be
no obj-ction:
J<c' ■>/; 'I'ii it <i'eM the < '•licuiiai -'m'I thrMi^li,
ana .Ml not oly i 'ed m ;u-: <Si-il ot. the r.jientiui
M).Ui l>c vili r:U[i'iK <Uid It\c triiiul"-- -ii.Ui be atlou-'"! tor
dchaie Oxi tMcIi !),!!.and inn. auM'ndii.eiU^ihat jii.h* be of-
$ U' ;I, JMii !h t <\u 'i l iil jout .'aiendnieot--;
an-1 tin* c(-i!iini!t;ee '-J'JUi llfii ]ii(.eeeit to V'Jie {lie bill
ail'! pejiilui:: .un-'iiiUnt:it<. without luuhi't deb'ue,
A objected.
S'j'AXTON. I move to su?oend the rules.
