1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
are feeding them; we are keeping them within the
boundaries of civilization and the white popula-
tion, where they can be guarded without so many-
troops, and where, if the argument be true that
was urged in favor of the establishment of these
reservations, they will be kept at peace by the in-
ducements which are held out by furnishing them
with land and such supplies as are given them. It
is also known that the number of Indians is year-
ly diminishing, and that the task is likely to be
easier and easier with the lapse of time, instead
of being more difficult, of defending our frontiers
against them.
It seems to me, sir, that when we look to' the
immense expense of our Army, as it now stands,
and is now organized, we should be exceedingly
careful how we increase it; unless we can devise
some means of bringing these expenditures within
bounds. I know not why it is that in those dis-
tant Territories, especially when we are making
these largegrants of land, they might not be made
with some condition of military service; why we
might not make some use of them, which would
enable us to command the services of the popula-
tion in consideration of the lands which are given
them, to preserve and protect them- If it could
be done it would double the inducements to peace,
because it would diminish the inducements of the
frontier men to press too far and too fast on the
Indians, and to make those wars, which they are
accused of too often making, themselves. I think
we had better turn our attention to the policy of
peace, and to something of that sort, especially as
it has already cost us a good deal to embark in it,
than to make this large addition to the regular
Army of the United States.
If it shall be said—and ori that point I am will-
ing to defer to the opinions of military men, and
there is no man to whose opinions on such sub-
jects I would defer more willingly and more cheer-
fully than my friend from Mississippi—that some
addition is necessary on account of the Mormon
difficulties, I am willing to vote it in the shape he
has offered it, provided he will make it temporary,
and introduce a section in the bill requiring the
disbandment when these difficulties are settled.
Let him do that, and I will vote for his addition
in that shape; but if it be not done, I am unwill-
ing to vote for it, because I cannot agree, as at
present advised, to any permanent increase of the
regular Army.
Mr. HALE. I beg to make a single inquiry of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance. I
have not the papers before me, and I desire to in-
quire from him how much the Department asks
for arrears in the military service of the lastyear
in the deficiency bill.
Mr. HUNTER. No estimate has come to me
as yet. It has gone to the other House; and I am
unable to inform him precisely what is the esti-
mate for deficiencies.
Mr. HALE. I am told, but not officially, and
that was the reason why I put the question to the
honorable chairman ofthe Committeeon Finance,
that it is very nearly seven millions of dollars.
The deficiency, which the Administration asks
for the War Department, for the military service,
is, I understand, $6,700,000. We actually spent
$19,426,000, and they want about seven millions
more, making $26,000,000 for military service last
year. I have a little book here, and I find that
during the most expensive year of the war with
Great Britain, our military expenditures never got
up to $21,000,000, and in the highest year of the
Mexican war, when we had, I think, nearly fifty
thousand men in the field, they never reached to
$36,000,000; but now, in a time of profound peace,
they amount to about twenty-six millions of dol-
lars.
The honorable Senator from Georgia is a little
mistaken in one respect. He says that in these
extravagant times the Army will cost about a
thousand dollars to a man. They cost that when
I first came into Congress, fourteen orfifteen years
ago. I took occasion then to look at the total
military expenditures of the country, including
fortifications, &c., under the military head, and
they averaged $1,000 a man. The expenditures
now in the West are a great deal more, for we
have about fifteen thousand men, and the expend-
itures are §26,000,000.
Mr. HUNTER. How much does the Senator
say it averages per man ?
Mr. HALE. I am upon that question now. I
said that, when I first came into Congress four-
teenor fifteen years ago, the whole military ex-
penses, including ordinance, fortifications, &c.,
tinder the military head, amounted to $1,000 a
man. Now, we have got up to about fifteen thou-
sand men, and the expenditures are about twenty-
six million dollars, making over fifteen hundred
dollars for every man in the service. This bill
proposes to raise about seven thousand additional
men, which will saddle upon this Government a
permanent annual increase of expenditure of about
twelve million dollars.
The idea that the Army will ever go back, and
grow smaller as long as we have money or credit
to maintain it, is too absurd to be introduced by
a sensible man on this floor. There are no back-
ward tracks when our Government begins to ex-
pend money. You may have a war; it makes no
difference how expensive it is; and you may have
peace, and your expenditures will go on increas-
ing. We actually spent more money last year,
exclusive of any payment for the public debt, than
we ever spent in any year from the beginning of
the Government up to the last year, by a very con-
siderable amount. The highest expenditures, ex-
clusive of payments of the public debt, during the
most expensive year of the war with Mexico did
not come up to $54,000,000, butiast year we spent
$72,000,000. Pass this bill, and next year your
expenses, including what you pay, and what you
get trusted for, will be over a hundred million
dollars. I represent a people who are m the habit
of working hard for what little money they get, j
and they are no^ willing to vote away money |
unless there is an absolute necessity for it.
What does the President want with this Army? i
Let me read a note that gives definite and official I
information in regard to somemattcrs about which
some remarks have been made. I read from the
last Army Register, on the forty-second page:
k£ By the act of June 17, 1S" 0,{to increase the rank and
file of the Army,' &c., section second, the President is au-
thorized, whenever the exigencies of the service require it,
to increase to seventy-four the number of privates in any
company ' seivmg at the several military po<.ts on the west-
ern frontier, and at remote and distant stations.' In the
table, the minimum or fixed organization is given, viz., fifty
ptivatcs to a company of dragoons,sw:ii/-/bMr to a company
of light amllery and nflemen, and forty-two to the artilleiy
and infantiy. Underthe authouty vested ip him, the Pres-
ident lias directed that the numbei of puvates be earned
up to seoenly-four in the seveial companies serving in the
peninsula of' Florida, and on the islands adjacent to it; in
Kansas, Nebraska, Utah, Texas', New Mexico, California,
Oregon, and Washington Territories; as well as in those
stationed at Fort* Snellnig and Ripley, on the upper Missis-
sippi; Foit Jlulgely. oil the Minnesota river; and Fort
Arbuckle, on Wild IIorMJ cieek. Tlieie being one hundred
and tnvlrfii-thiee companies serving at, or in mute to. these
distant stations, the authorized increase in the number of
puvates is five thousand two hundred and twenty eight;
making the ' total enlwted' (as the troop* are now po-tod, or
m louu-) seventeen thousand and Mxty-six, and the1 airsire
gate' eighteen thousand one hundied and fifty-one. If all
the companies belonging to c refitments' (one hundred and |
ninety-eight) were serving at the distant stations do-cubed, i
the additional number of privates allowed would then be
five thousand six hundred and sixty-four; thu^ incieasnig j
the 1 total enlisted' to seventeen thousand five hundred and ,
two, and tiie 'aggregate' to eighteen thousand five hundred I
and eighty-seven." j
So, sir,according to this statement we have now ]
actually an Army of eighteen thousand men. 1 ■
have been a little laughed at once m the Senate, <
and I am willing to be laughed at again, for re-
peating as the solemn conviction of my under-
standing a lesson of wisdojn which the fathers of ,
my native State inscribed on the first constitution •
they ever wrote, and which, I hone in God, will -
remain as long as we have a Constitution—that !
standing armies are dangerous to liberty. I tell \
you, sir, that an Army of eighteen thousand men, ;
or twenty-five thousand men, as this bill proposes j
to make it, with the means of transportation with
the rapidity of lightning by means of railroads ;
from one end of the country to the other, isaforce '
equal to what it would have been in olden times,
if we had one or two hundred thousand men. The i
President can, if he pleases, concentrate them at!
any point, at any moment, and for any purpose.
I do not know how it is, but the law lias been
construed that these armies arc called, I believe,
a posse, and under the name of a posse he can trans-
port themtoany place foranypurpose he chooses.
It is a significant fact to my mind that he has un-
dertaken to play possum with them at elections.
[Laughter.] Not lonsj ago there was a call made
to have a portion of his posse go to Baltimore and
see that the elections wore regularly carried on
there. I believe, however, it was not thought
prudent for them to go, and they did not go; but
he did have a posse in the city of Washington to
carry on an electipn, and no small portionof this
force—this posse—has been employed, and is now
being employed to illustrate "perfect freedom'*
and " popular sovereignty" in Kansas.
I have an official tabic before me, by which I find
that in the first quarter of 1855, three hundred and
twenty-onemen were considered sufficient to carry
out popular sovereignty in Kansas. The next
quarter they went up to nine hundred and twelve;
and the first quarter of 1856, we had got up to one
thousand and eighty-six men to carry out pop-
ular sovereignty in Kansas, and leave the people
thereof " perfectly free." [Laughter.] Then w$
come to the first quarter of 1857, and at that time
" perfect freedom" required a force of one thou-
sand three hundred and forty-two men in Kansas.
They so continued until the commencement of
the fourth quarter of 1857, which I suppose was
about the 1st of October last. At that time there
had been an election in Kansas; and the people
of Kansas had manifested what their ideas were
of popular sovereignty and perfect freedom, by
putting the President's forces into a very small
minority, and electing a free-State Legislature,
and a free-State Delegate to Congress, by an over-
whelming majority; and immediately upon that
the Federal army is raised from one thousand six
hundred and seventy-three to two thousand five
hundred and sixteen men in Kansas. That is;
what the President needs this Army for—to carry
out " popular sovereignty" and ''perfect free-
dom!" 1 think a force of eighteen thousand
men is quite enough to do that; and I think that
$26,000,000,in atime of profound peace, is enough
to spend upon an army in this country, particu-
larly as long as we have to borrow the money to
do it with. Borrowing money in order to raise
men for such a purpose, I am utterly opposed to,
I believe that if there is a difficulty in Utah, the
Army is three times large enough to attend to it.
I am sorry to disagree with a man who is so
perfectly competent to express an opinion on these
matters as the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi is, but I differ from him entirely in the view
which he presents, that our difficulties are owing
to the fact that we have had so few soldiers among
the Indians. I believe the difficulty is that we
have had any troops among them, x think it has
been provoked by the military display which has
been made among them, and the conduct of some
of the men, either among the volunteers or the
regulars that have been stationed among the In-
dians. I do not speak without the book, on this
subject. Anybody who will read the history of
the Oregon and Washington Indian war, given by
General Wool, (though I believe, as a matter of
private history, the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi would not regard that as the highest au-
thority,) will see what it is that provokes Indian
hostilities on our frontiers. You will see there,
according to the account of General Wool, that
an Indian chief who came into the American camp
with a flag of truce, offering, if any injury had
been committed by his people, to make compen-
sation and reparation in cattle or in money, was
told that he had better go home and fight. They
finally provoked hostilities, and took this chief
who came in with a flag of truce, murdered him
in the American camp, cut him into pieccs, and
sent the pieces around to different quarters of the
Territory. That is a statement under the hand
of Genera] Wool.
Now, sir, I believe that the experiment which
was made in olden times with the Indians, by the
Quaker Perm, has been the best and wisest Indian
policy which has ever been adopted. If the In-
dians are treated like men, I will not say with
kindness, but with justice, you wjH be troubled
with no Indian war. I am sorry that I do not
see in his scat the veteran and honorable and
gallantSenatorfromToxas. [Mr. Houston,] who
knows so much in regard to the Indian, and who
has so often, in his place on the floor ofthe Sen-
ate, expressed sentiments similar to those which
I have here expressed. He has said, in regard
to Indian hostilities, that whenever the blame is
traced to its foundation and its source, it has been
found to be with the whites, and not with the
Indians". If we return to a policy of peace and
justice to the Indians, that is all that is wanted.
I do not profess to know much about this Mor-
mon war. I will say in the outset, however, that
