1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn
Mr. SEWARD. I was opposed to the adoption
of this oider of the House, but I insist that it
shall be enforced. I say that these preexisting
laws have nothing to do with this bill. The gen-
tleman is speaking upon a point not in issue.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I say it did not
go back beyond the session of Congress at which
it was made. And I say further, that there has
never been one cent paid under that provision
for any copy of that work that had been bound
and delivered, or had been printed before thatlaw
was passed.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman referred to a
speech of mine in the Congressional Globe of the
last session. The question between the gentleman
from Georgia, now Secretary of the Treasury, and
myself was as to the usual extra compensation,
and the prohibition of that compensation by the
joint resolutions of July 20, 1854. When that
gentleman came to defend the Committee of Ways
and Means in making the certificate or indorse-
ment of the Committee of Accounts of this House
conclusive upon the controlling officers of the
Treasury, he referred to thecsse of Mr. Forney,
who had been Clerk of the House. He referred
also to the resolution increasing the regular an-
nual compensation of Mr. Lamborne, and of Mr.
Gait. In the note to my speech you will find that
I stated that in regard to the cases of Forney,
Gait, and Lamborne, to which the gentleman had
referred, not one of them came under the resolu-
tions of July 20, 1854* and were therefore not
cases in point in the debate on ihat bill about
extra compensation.
Mr. Chairman, as this question of extra com-
pensation is in this bill, I will state what has been
the legislation on the subject for the la&t few years.
When the salary of the Clerk of this House was
$3,000, and the salary of his chief clerk was$k2,000,
and the salary of the other assistants $1,500, it
was the practice, at the close of every session, to
pass what was called an extia compensation res-
olution, giving twenty per cent, to the officers and
other employes of the House, and the laborers
and others on the public grounds, whore the
amount would equal $290 on their annual salary;
but where it would not amount to that, then $200
was voted to each, without regaid to the salaiy.
To correct that piactioe Congress, in 1854, p:r>^ed 1
this joint resolution, which was appicvtd by the
President on the 20th of July in that y<_ar: j
" Resolvedly the Senate and House of Rcprescni-rlac. of \
the United. States oj .dyiciica in Congiess n-snnhh , That :
the officers, cleiks. im'^entreit;, and other cmpiou'S in the i
legislative dcpaitment of the Government, slmi! he paid an j
inci eased compensation of twenty pci cent, upon the com- \
pensation now leeeived by them respectively; and the mej- ;
senders of the House of Kepre&cntauve.s shall not receive ;
le^s than is allowed to nie««;cn&ots of the Senate of the
same ela^s ; ^uch incioasod compensation to commence t
1'iom the l^t day of Ju!\. 1653; and that a sum (sufficient lo
pay the same to the 3'Jtli of Juno, 185.'), is hereby uppiopn- 1
ated out of an> moiu'j m the Tiea&uiy not otlieiwi-<e <tp- !
propnated : Pio^ided, Thrunopeison \vho>>" compensation |
was increased by the act approved Aptil :H, 1851. shall be
benefited by thi^ joint resolution:  dnd jnondcd Juither'.
That the u-sual extia compensation shall nut hcn-'artei ho
allowed to any peioon receiving the benefits of this joint
les-otution." !
This resolution permanently increased the reg- '
ular annual compensation of the officers and other
employes of this House to the extent of twenty
per cent.; and the last proviso, it will be noticed, :
is that the usual extra compensation should not
be allowed to any person receiving the benefits
of this resolution. And, sir, at that session, those
who received the twenty per cent, addition did
not receive the usual extra compensation. The
pages, and laborers, and others, twenty per cent,
on whose salary would not amount to the £200
which they were in the habit of getting as usual
extra compensation, and who did not avail them-
selves of the benefit of the resolution, had a res-
olution passed for them, giving them the usual
extra compensation. And then, in ordei to give
it to them, a joint resolution was passed on the
5th of August, 1854, " that the sum appropriated
by the House of Representatives, on this day, for
the payment of its pages and employes, bo, paid i
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise :
appropriated." This was at the first session of j
the Thirty-Third Congress. At the second ses- I
sion of that Congress the officers and employes
did not receive the usual extra compensation. No
resolution was passed for them, but one was ;
passed giving extia compensation to the pages, ,
laborer, and those who did not reccive the ben- ;
efit of the resolution of July 20, 1854. That res-
olution of July 20th was being executed. It was
observed at that and the succeeding session; but
in the last Congress it was broken down and over-
ridden by a resolution from the Clerk's office, I
suppose, to give the usual extra compensation.
This resolution was passed 15th August, 1856,
and vouchers were presented under it to the ac-
counting officers of theTreasury. Credit,in their
accounts, was refused to those claims; and hence
they came to Congress at the last session. A bill
was brought here from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to take the control over the contin-
gent fund of the two Houses from the account-
ing officers of the Treasury, and to tnake what
was done here absolute and conclusive upon them.
A discussion took place here on the subject. It
passed the House, but the Senate refused to agree
to it. Then, in order to maintain what the House
had done, and, if you please, to give notice to the
Clerk and to all the beneficiaries of that joint res-
olution, Congress, at its last session, passed this
law in the deficiency bill, approved March 3,1857:
" And be it further enacted, That the extra compensation
given by each of the two Houses of Congress m the year
1856 to its officers and employes shall be paid by its dis-
bursing officer out of the contingent fund, and his accounts
tbeiefor shall be allowed by the accounting officers of the
Trea&uiy Department; but nothing herein contained shall
be so construed as to repeal the joint resolution of the 20th
of Juiv, 1854, to fix the compensation of the employes m
the legislative department of the Government and to pro-
hibit the allowance of the usual extia compensation to tuch
as received the benefits thereof, which said resolution is
declareu heieby to be m full foiceand effect, so far as herein
piovnlrd for.'"
There was the first resolution passed in viola-
tion of the joint resolution of 1854, prohibiting
the usual extra compensation. They had refused
to allow the accounts of the Treasury; and Con-
gress, as was then said, in justification, and to
indemnify the officerhere who had made disburse-
ments under the law, passed this law to give their
vouchers validity at the Treasuiy Department,
But it rcenacted, m fact, and declared that it
should not affect, the joint resolution of 1854 upon
the same subject.
But, sir, justat the very time that this appropri-
ation was made here and action had upon that
extra compensation resolution, another resolu-
tion, m violation both of the joint resolution and
of this law, was passed through the last House.
I think it was introduced by Mr. Dunn, on the
2d of March last—1 do not recollect the exact time;
but it was passed, giving the usual extra compen-
sation, m direct violation of the joint resolution
of 1854, and the act of the last session, legalizing
the resolution of the previous session of Con-
gress. Well, sir, that resolution was passed m
March, 1857, and 1 believe that up to the 25th of
January, 1858, no receipts and no vouchers had
been presented at the Treasury by the Clm-k m
the settlement of his accounts under that resolu-
tion. So said the officers of the Depai tment to me.
I have here a letter from the Auditor to the Secre-
tary of theTreasury, scut to me by the Secretary
of the Treasury in answer to a note which I ad-
dressed him.
Then, if there lias been no money pftid under
that joint resolution, when they have had two
laws to warn them against the passage of it, and
those who are to be its beneficiaues knew that
those two laws were in force, 1 ask now with
what jhow of plausibility or justice can they come
here and present again a proposition to overrule
those laws of 1854 and 1857, and again to recog-
nize the resolution of the House of 1857 ?
Now. Mr. Chairman, a good deal is said about
the contingencies of this House. I know that it
is impossible for your laws, or for anything else,
or for any body to specify what contingencies there
may be. There may be necessary expenditures
here that it is impossible to foresee, and which
propeily come under the head of contingencies.
But one thins * wl!1 sa7>tIuU w*lcn Congress ap-
propriates a certain sum ot money to the contin-
gent fund of tiiis House, the House is bound, by
all the rules of justice and of honesty, m my opin-
ion, to apply that appropriation to the legitimate
contingencies of the House. Then, sir, I would
ask you if they would be authorized to use that
contingent appropriation for purposes which are
not authorized by the Constitution of the coun-
try? Is it to be supposed, because the money is
given to the House as a contingent fund, that they
may dispose of itm any way whatever in accord-
ance with their will and caprice. 1 hold that what
the House did ten years ago, is not a contingency
of this House; and, if it exists yet, it is a claim
in the hands of those who have it, and is hot a
contingency of the House of Representatives of
the Thirty-Fifth Congress; and wc have no right,
in my opinion—no legal right—to go back and
to pay out of the contingent fund of this House
extra or increased pay to officers of former Houses
under what may be called contingencies. It is
not fairly and legitimately a contingency; and
when we use the contingent fund, it must be for
the legitimate contingencies of the House. Now,
the resolution of 1854 prohibits the usual extra
compensation, and the law of 1857 again prohibits
it by continuing in force and effect the resolution
of 1854. The third section of this bill does not
even say that the resolution of 1854 shall be con-
tinued in force; and, if that section shall pass, it
will be construed hereafter as a repeal of both the
joint resolution of 1854, and the law of 1857.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, I see by this
bill that almost eight million dollars are to be ap-
propriated to supply a deficiency in the expenses
of the Army. The regular appropriation for the
Army last year was almost fifteen millions. Here
is an amount as large as half the regular appro-
priation proposed to be made in a deficiency bill.
I can see that there might be occasions in the
administration of the Government, where a defi-
ciency would arise legitimately in any of its de-
partments, but I am unable to see how, under a
fair and proper administration of the Govern-
ment, half of the amount required for the ex-
penses of the Government in its regular, ordi-
nary-appropriations, can be asked in addition in
the way of a deficiency.
We were toid by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letciier,] the other day, that part of this
amount is for regular current expenses to accrue
hereafter. I am opposed to appropriating in a
deficiency bill for any expenses to accrue m the
future. I only rise now to call the attention of
the House to the abuse which has grown up in
the expenditures of the Government by our ex-
ecutive officers in exceeding the amount of the
appropriation made by Congress.
First Congress is asked to appropriate a small
amount for a doubtful object, in order that they
may then come in with a deficiency bill, and com-
pel just the amount of expenditure which your
officers want to make. In this case we find a de-
I ficiency of nearly eight million dollars, on a reg-
j ular appropriation of $15,000,000 When the ex-
■ penses of our Army nave run up since 1820 from
' $33U 5G per man to nearly fourteen hundred dol-
j lars per man this year, it becomes the Rcpresent-
j atives of the people, in granting money for the
! expenses of the Army, to scan well for what pur-
:j pose the money is appropriated. When the
expenses of this Government have run up from
j J4G,000,000 in 1852, to $70,000,000 in 1857, it be-
I- comes the duty of the guardians of theTreasury-
^ to inquire why this enormous increase of the ex-
\\ penditures of the Government. Of all modes of
i' making these appropriations, that of a deficiency
j| is the most objectionable, and there should be
!| some overruling necessity to make a deficiency
|] bill necessary at all. Congress first passes upon
j' the necessities of one Department of the Govern -
1! ment, and says we will give so much mone^ for it.
Then, lot our executive officers keep within that
]j amount; and if the public service suffer, it is the
fault of Congress, not of the executive officers.
II In the Post Office Department, I can see well
;! how deficiencies might occur legitimately, with-
jj out any blame on the part of executive officers,
;■ and with an earnest attempt to keep within the ap-
I; propriations. Congress makes the appropriation
'i on the uncertainty of how much revenue is to be
| derived by the Department itself, and, therefore,
I it is impossible to estimate exactly: for it is a De-
| partment receiving money as well as paying it
!■ out. Their contracts for scrvicc are ail fixed in
amount, and if the income is not sufficient to meet
II the specific contracts, then Congress has to make
i* appropriations to supply the deficiencies. But
;; in any other Department of the Government, in
which no moneys arc received, and where the
i Department estimates for its expenses, I hold that
!' the Department is bound to keep within the reg-
; ular appropriations by Congress. Otherwise, we
!' have no control over the expenses of theGovern-
ij ment. For after the debts are contracted by the
