1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
return to the United States, has been of great ser-
vice to the hydrographical work of theexpedition
in sketching headlands, topography," &c., and
m drawing and superintending the publication of
the illustrations to the report on the same.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
ELIPHALET BROWN, JR.
A bill (H. R. No. 220) for the relief of Eli-
phslet Brown, jr. [Objected to by Mr. Smith,
of Virginia.]
KATHARINE X. RUSSELL.
A bill (H. K,. No. 223) for the relief of Kath-
arine K. Russell. [Objected to by Mr. Smith,
of Virginia.]
Mr. HAWKINS. I move that the committee
rise. There is no use in sitting here when objec-
tions are made indiscriminately. It is worse
than puerile.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
CHARLOTTE BUTLER.
A bill (H. R. No. 2*26) for the relief of Char-
lotte Butler. [Objected to by Mr. Smith,of Vir-
ginia.]
Mr. CURTIS. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia whether he intends to object
to all of the bilks upon the Calendar?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, i will answer that
question.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move that the committee
rise. When one member sets himself up against
the whole House, it is no use for us to go on.
The question was taken; ami the committee
refused to rise, !
JOSEPH M. PLUMMER, ETC. I
A. bill (H. R. No. 2:27) for the relief of Joseph
M. Plummer and Mary 11. Plummer, minor chil-
dren of Captain Samuel M. Plummer. [Objected
to by Mr. Smith, of Virginia.]
Mr. NICHOLS. I move that the committee
rise. The last four bills have been objected to
by one gentleman. It is useless to go on, if all
the bills are to be objected to.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman wants to ob-
ject let him go on. The responsibility is with
him.
The committee refused to rise.
the left leg, making it almost useless, attended
with extreme pain. On reaching home, he was
confined to his bed or room one year and a half;
and since that day h£* has continued a cripple,
unable to perform hard labor, with a diseased hip
incurable,"and without hope of improvement.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
MARY BENNETT.
A bill (H. R. No. 230) for the relief of Mary
Bennett.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mary Bennett, who is the
widow of the late Captain Charles W. Bennett,
of the United States revenue service, who died
June 15, 1855, from disease caused by extraor-
dinary exposure in the line of his duty while en-
gaged in the revenue service, on the pension roll,
at a compensation of thirty dollars per month,
commencing with the 15th of .Tune, 1855, and to
continue to her during her widowhood, and after
her death or intermarriage to be paid to her chil-
dren until they, respectively, arrive at the age of :
sixteen years, agreeably to the provisions of the '
act of August 11, 1848.
Mr. LETCHER. That bill ^oes back to 1855. ]
I move to amend by inserting, in lieu of that pro-
vision, that the pension shall commence with the
date of the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
It appears from the report that Mary Bennett
is the wnlow of Charles W. Bennett, deceased,
late a captain m the United States revenue ser-
vice. Captain Bennett was commissioned as lieu-
tenant m that service April 10, 1839; served at
vaiious stations on the Atlantic coast until the
spring of 1850, when he was ouh-red to the Shu
Franci.sco station, to which lie lepaited oi^ the j
baik Polk, as fiist lieutenant. After his arrival, i
he was transferred to the revenue bug Lawrence, ■
and remained thereon doing active duty, under j
Captain Douglass Otiinger, until November 25, |
3851, when the brig was wrecked and lost. Up !
to this time, as is testified by Captain Webster, !
of the bark Polk, there was not a more healthy I
or robust person in the seiviec. On the night of ;
the wreck he engaged actively on the bcach, and ,
in the water, in saving valuable G-o\eminent prop-
erty from the vessel. Tup weather was inclement,
and he was much cxpesed in the water. From
that time Ins health was broken and declined. He
returned from San Francisco in 1852, under the
Mr. HUGHES, i wish to submit a question j care Captain Webster, and during the voyage
of order m regard to objections. I understand
that this is not objection day under the rules, but
only by virtue of the resolution passed by the
House. Now, two thirds of the House consented
to suspend the rules for the purpose ot intioducmg
that resolution, but there was not a two-thiids
vote for the passage of that resolution. I submit
the point that a majority vote 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no juris-
diction of the question. Debate i«s out of ordei.
Mr. HUGHES. Can a majority of the House
make this objection day over the rules? That is
the question.
HENRY TAYLOR.
A bill (H. R. No. 228) for the relief of Henry
Taylor. ■ [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
SAMUEL GOODRICH, JR.
...s health failed so rapidly that. Captain Webster
did not expecthim to survive long enough to reach
home. He reached home; a^d, from illness, was
excused from duty until Ans^tet 9, 1853, when he
was so far restored as to be ordered to the Wil-
mington station, and attached to the cutter For-
ward. In January, 1854, he was dispatched, in
command of the Forward, m search of the sur-
vivors of the wreck of the steamer  Snn Francisco.
From a report of that cruise, made by Captain
Bennett to the collector of customs of the Dela-
ware district. January 24,3b54, U appears that,he
was sent to sea with but one officer, to wit, a third
lieutenant; that this officer, though of unexcep-
tionable character, was too mexperieiK/ d to be
left in charge of the deck durnv-r such severe
weather as was encountered, and that nearly one
half of the crew wei e disabled and sick the greater
A bill (H R. No. 229) for the relief of Samuel i'. part of the tune. Thus it became neoessaty that
- -* i Captain Bennett should keep the deck during
Goodrich, jr.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
' snow and rain, and in so doing he contracted a
\-i to tll^ KJ vvi V vlAl V UL .llw *1' " j ' — 1 A i1*
place the name of Samuel Goodrich, jr., of New ; severe cold from which ho never recovered. A, ,er
York, upon the roll of invalid pensioners, and to j his return he had frequent hemorrnage ot the
myhim a pension, at the rate of eight dollars per ' lungs, which rendered him mcompeient to dis-
r J 1 • , r i; (*. ' /iKmcito t'nn dnlipfi fit Ills nliicP. n.n<J <
month, during his natural life, to commence on
the 1st of January, 1856.
It appears from the report that in September,
1814, Mr. Goodrich entered the service, of the
United States, in the militia, in Oswego county,
New York, and marched to Sackett's Harbor,
New York. There, in camp, he was exposed to
the hardships of a soldier; destitute of barracks,
exposed to the wet, sleeping on the wet ground,
he was seized with the prevailing camp distemper,
which soon became a bilious fever and inflam-
matory rheumatism, which caused the formation
of many tumors upon his body and limbs, that
were often lanced—resulting linally in the forma-
tion of an abscess on the left hip, injuring the hip-
joint, contracting of the muscles, shortening of
charge the duties of his oiiice, and of which he
died on the 15th of June, lti55.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside to be im-
ported to the House, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
SYLVANUS BURNHAM.
A bill (H. R. No. 231!) for the relief of Sylva-
nus Burnham.
The bill directs the Secretary of War to place
the name of Sylvanus Burnham anon the roll of
invalid pensioners, and cause to be paid to him
ei^ht dollars per month, commencing from and
after the 14th of November, 3850, and to continue
during his natural life.
Mr. LETCHER. That bill provides that the
Secretary of War shall put Sylvanus Burnham on
the pension roll. 1 move to strike that out, awl
insert, in lieu thereof, that the Secretary of the
Interior be so directed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. That bill also goes back to
1850, nearly eight years. I move to strike that
out, and to provide that, the pension shall com -
mence with the passage of this act.
Mr. CASE. In all instances, I believe, it has
been the rule to provide that the pension shall
commence when the proofs in the case were com-
pleted.
Mr. LETCHER. If the proof was completed
then, there have been seven or eight sessions of
Congress since, and it seems to me it ought to
have been reached in one of them. If the amend-
ment is objected to, I shall object to the bill.
Mr. CASE. I do not object.
The amendment was agreed to.
It appears from the report in this case, that Syl-
vanus Burnham was a private soldier in the Indian
war, under General Wayne, for three years from
February 28,1792,and was honorably discharged.
While engaged in the discharge of his duties as
such soldier he was injured by the explosion of
a canister.of powder. By this explosion his face
■was burned, and his eyes nearly ruined. So se-
riously was his sight impaired, that for the last
forty years, he has been unable to read. He had
received no pension, nor even a bounty land War-
rant, at the date of his application.
The bill as amended, was then laid aside to be
reported to the House, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
JOHN HOPPER.
A bill (II. R.. No. 23G) for the relief of the heirs
of John Hopper. [Objected to by Mr. Smith, of
Virginia.]
JOHN A. HOPPER.
A bill (H.R.No.237) for the relief of the heirs
of John A. Hopper. [Objected to by Mr. Smith,
of Virginia.]
RICHARD TARVIN.
A bill (H.R.No.238) for the relief of the heirs
of Richard Tarvm.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the licirs of Richard Farren, alias Rich-
ard Tarvm, who was a friendly Creek Indian in
the war of 1813 and 1814, the sum of §600, for
losses sustained by him during that war.
The report states that Richard Tarvin, alias
Richard Farren, was a friendly Creek Indian, in
the war between the United States and his tribe,
in 1813-14, and sustained loss by the depredations
of the hostiles to the extent of $600, as reported by
General D. B. Mitchell, the agent of the Federal
Government; that, by tile treaty negotiated with
the Creek tribe of Indians at the close of the war,
the United States guarantied indemnity to those
Indians who had remained friendly to our cause,
for whateverproperty they had lost during the war
by the common enemy. Claims were presented
against the Government for such losses, on the part
of the friendly Creeks, amounting, in the aggregate
to $195,417 90, all of which has been provided for
and paid by Congress. In addition to the claims
embraced m the above amount, a supplemental
abstract of claims was presented by General
Mitchell in favor of six other friendly Creek In-
dians, amounting, altogether,to §9,770. Among
these latter claimants is found the name of Rich-
ard Farren, alias Richard Tarvin, and his dam-
ages were assessed at the sum of $600. Of the half
! doyen claimants included in the supplemental ab-
! stiact of General Mitchell, $5,925 were paid to
i Peter Randall in an act passed by the Thirty-
;! Third Congress. The claims of Arthur Sigemonu,
! for §1,420, and of John Simmance, for $1,163,
j were provided for in the Indian appropriation bil l
■ ! of last Congress. The committee saw no good
! reason why the claim of Richard Farren, alias
• | Richard Tarvin, through his legal representatives,
■ should not also be liquidated.
1No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
\to be reported to the House, with a recommend-
jl ation that it do pass.
H ZINA WILLIAMS.
I A bill (H. E. No. 239) for the relief of Zina
;! Williams.
! The bill directs that the Secretary of the Inte-
i! r;or place the name of Zina Williams, of New
