410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
X do not believe in it, nor in the necessity for the
tremendous expenditure that is being made. I
believe that if commissioners had been sent to
precede the Army, they would have superseded
the necessity for sending the Army.
Again, the honorable Senator from Georgia says
we have not declared war against the Mormons.
Has he forgotten our modern history ? He is well
versed in ancient history; but has he forgotten our
modern history ? Did we ever declare war against
Mexico ? No, sir; but I will tell you what we did
declare. We declared that war existed by the act
of Mexico. We may declare by-and-by that war
exists by the act of Brigham Young; and if it be
repeated as many times in a presidential message
as the other statement was, that war was com-
menced by the act of Mexico, it will get to be a
part of our history; and a man who shall doubt
that war was commenced by the act of Brigham
Young will be no better than an alien and a hea-
then.
I shall vote for this amendment, and I shall go
for any other amendment that is proposed which
will limit or restrict the number. I shall support
the amendment which I understand my honorable
friend [Mr. Seward] proposes to ofler, that these
troops shall be limited to the special necessity
which calls for them; and when that ceases, that
they shall cease to exist. I shall go for every
amendment that will cut the bill down to what the
honorable Senator from Mississippi calls it—a
Skeleton. I shall want to reduce it to a skeleton,
and I shall go against the skeleton after that.
[Laughter.] I shall go against the whole bill.
Mr. POSTER. Mr. President, I am in favor
of the amendment of the Senator from Georgia to
this bill, mainly for the reason that it creates a
less addition to the Army than will be created by
the bill if the first section stands as part of the
bill; for I am among those who believe that, in-
creased'as the second section of the bill proposes
to increase the Army, it will be increased enough,
and, in my judgment, too much. I am free to say,
that if the bill be amended by striking out the first
section, as proposed by the Senator from Georgia,
I shall still vote against it. I would rather, how-
ever, that it should pass with the section stricken
out than with the section standing. Therefore, I
am in favor of that amendment.
On what grounds, Mr. President, are we asked
to increase the regular Army of the United States,
as proposed by tins bill? There is, I believe, no
written report accompanying the bill from the
Committee on Military Alfairs; and the reasons,
and all the reasons which we have yet heard,
come from the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, ihe chairman of that committee. I must
confess that the reasons suggested by him for
increasing the Army are not such as satisfy my
mind, although I defer certainly, as I ought to de-
fer, to his superior experience and judgment on
this question. The Senator from Mississippi
and the Military Committee, as they have a per-
fect right to do, differ from the President and the
Secretary of War; for in the message of the Pres-
ident and in the report of the Secretary of War,
a plan different from this is proposed. Inasmuch
as they differ from the Executive, and if they
think the Executive is wrong, they are bound to
differ from him. I suppose each individual Sen-
ator here is bound to act in his own judgment and
011 his own responsibility,and is not at liberty to
defer to the judgment of others when that judg-
ment does not conform to his own.
I do not believe, sir, that even for the purpose
of enforcing the laws of the United States in any
State or Territory, or for the purpose of protect-
ing the frontier from the aggressions of our Indian
tribes, or to keep the peace in Utah, or to bring the
Mormons into subjection to the Government, is
the increase proposed in this bill necessary. These
are the grounds, and all the grounds, which are
suggested; and the honorable chairman of the
committee does not allude to the Mormon war as
among the reasons why the Army ought to be
increased. If I understand him, he disclaims that
as a reason for increasing the Army; so that we
are brought back simply to the two reasons—our
relations with the Indian tribes, and the necessity
of executing the laws of the United States. Now,
sir, is it a fact, that eighteen thousand men in a
regular army are not an adequate force to protect
our frontiers from the aggressions of the Indian
tribes, and to see that the laws of the United States
are faithfully executed throughout our whole ter-
ritory ? For one, I believe that force is abundantly
sufficient.
I agree with the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, that one cause of our hostile relations
with the Indians is a disposition to send military
forces into their neighborhood; and I do not be-
lieve that the regular Army of the United States,
if it were doubled, and if it were stationed along?
the whole line between the Indians and our fron-
tier settlements, would serve to protect those set-
tlements from the aggressions of the Indian at cer-
tain times. Certainly fifty thousand men could
not extend over our whole line along the Rocky
Mountains; and the mode of warfare practiced by
the Indians would be then, as now, not to fight
our Army in the field, but in the mode known to
them, and in the mode alone followed by them.
They would make incursions, commit thefts, rob-
beries, and murders on our people, and fifty thou-
sand men would never prevent it; fifty thousand
men would do more to provoke it, in myjudgment,
than eighteen thousand, and very little more to
protect the settlements. The national honor is not
concerned in these warfares with the Indian tribes;
it is simply a question of protecting the lives and
property of our people, and that is all. No ques-
tion of national honor is involved in fighting the
miserable Indian tribes on this continent. It is
simply, I say, a question of protecting the lives
and property of our people, and mainly protecting
the property of our people; for the Indians are not
generally disposed to commit murders, unless it
be in retaliation for murders committed among
them. They are more disposed to predatory in-
cursions, to steal cattle, and other property which
they may, under certain circumstances, be enabled
to possess themselves of.
Now, sir, viewing it in that light, it becomes,
to some extent, an economical question. Look
at the present condition of the detachment of the
Army in the Rocky Mountains, with reference to
the loss of property by that detachment, and com-
pare it with the loss to which our people living on
the frontiers have been subjected for the last five
years, and how would the sum total be ? Unless
the accounts are grossly exaggerated—and we
have no reason to suppose they are—the detach-
ment of the Army now buried up in the snows of
the Rocky Mountains has lost in property to this
Government more than has been lost by all the
emigrant trains, and all our inhabitants on the
frontiers, within five or ten years past. I am not,
by any means, advised of the precise number of
domestic animals, such as horses, mules, and
oxen,thathave perished from starvation and cold
in the Rocky Mountains, connected with the de-
tachment of our Army now there; but 1 hazard
nothing in saying that the loss of these animals
will be found greater than all the animals which
have been stolen by the Indians in ten years past.
If our Army be sentoutto the Rocky Mountains,
or along our western line, to protect the property
of our people, and in order to carry out that pol-
icy they are losing more property, day by day,
than there is any danger of our people losing if
the Army was not there, what kind of economy
is it to continue this policy, when the question, as
1 have before suggested, is almost purely an eco-
nomical question? I believe that if there were
fewer of our military men sent along the line of
the Indian territory, fliere would be fewer mur-
ders, less loss of property, greater peace with the
Indians, more real protection to the inhabitants
of our frontiers, and greater safety to life and
property.
Next, in regard to the execution of the laws;
where is the necessity for a large force to execute
the laws of the United States? Some two thou-
sand five hundred men belonging to the Army are
in the Territory of Kansas, and have been for some
time. For what purpose ? To see that the laws
are faithfully executed ? I do not believe they are
there for that purpose. They are there under or-
ders; but 1 do not believe the detachment of the
Army which is there is there for that purpose,
or that it effectuates or carries out that purpose.
On the contrary, I believe that the detachment of
the Army now there is rather for the purpose of
enabling the minority of the people to rule the
majority, and to carry into effect laws which the
people have not made, and therefore are not dis-
posed to submit to; for it involves, to my mind,
an absurdity to suppose that we need the cannon
and the bayonets of the Federal Government to
enforce laws which the people themselves have
made. The Territory of Kansas is living, we are
boastfully told, under a new era of legislation.
That era is to give to that population the right to
regulate theirdomes tic institutions, and make then-
own laws precisely in the manner they please; and
in that Territory, almost an entire barren wilder-
ness till within a few years past, there now seems
to be need for two thousand five hundred men to
enable that people to mold their institutions, to
make their laws, and to enjoy that perfect freedom
which there was first to be enjoyed on the soil
of the United States as a territorial soil! I do not
believe in the necessity of sending two thousand
five hundred men, or any number o#men, into the
Territory of Kansas to protect the people against
themselves—to enable them to execute their own
laws. I believe that the tendency of the military
force of the Government there was, and is, to give
to a portion of the people—a very small minority
of the population—the power to control tne ma-
jority; and hence the need of force.
Now, sir, I am not disposed to vote an increase
of the Army for purposes of this sort. The Army
is not to blame. They are bpund, of course, to
obey the orders of the Commander-in-Chief, and
are not to be held responsible for the position in
which they are placed. And here, perhaps, I
ought, by no means, to pass any criticism on the
loss of property which the Ariny are now suffer-
ing in the Rocky Mountains, in consequence of
their animals being unprovided with forage and
killed by frost, and also by starvation. The hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs yesterday hesitated in regard to pronounc-
ing an opinion on the course of policy and man-
agement of the Army in that position. When he
hesitates, certainly it would be very arrogant in
me to pronounce an opinion. Taking it, how-
ever, for granted, either that the Army has been
there under proper orders and properly provided,
or that there has been an improper order, an im-
proper provision, made for the Army in that posi-
tion; in either event, it justifies and requires me
to vote against an increase of the Army for such
purposes as have been alluded to; because, if the
Army is reasonably and properly there subjecting
the country to these losses in the way of animals
and other expenses, for the purpose simply of
protecting property, it is unwise and unjust, and
ought to be voted down as an economical meas-
ure; and if the Government is in such hands that
the Army, if raised, will not be so commanded
and directed as to effect the objects we have in
view, the result is the same. No increase ought
to he made.
Underthesocircumstances,Mr.President, I am
compelled,in the first place—following the dictates
of my judgment—to vote for this amendment; and
then, if I can vote down the bill by my vote, I
shall most cheerfully do so. If I cannot, I shall
still be glad that, by adopting the amendment, tho
increase is not as great as the first section of the
bill would make it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President,justatthis
time I believe we are at peace with all the world.
I do not know of any troubles that, threaten us
anywhere, except some little domestic difficulties,
which, I suppose, the United States are very com-
petent to take care of without any very particu-
larly large army. I do not know that war threat-
ens us from any quarter, or that there are any '
symptoms that we are about to get into difficulty
with any foreign Government whatever; that is
to say, any such difficulty as will lead to hostil-
ities. I think, therefore, we need not alarm our-
selves with apprehensions on account of foreign
foes, but may turn our attention to the state of
things as they exist at home, and see if there are
any dangers that threaten us here which require
the measure that is now proposed on the part of
the Government, through the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs of this body.
One other thing is observable, and I think it
ought not to be left out of view—that just at this
time we are bankrupt; we cannot pay our debts;
we are obliged to direct that orders on the Treas-
ury, so far as they can be dispensed with, shall
not be drawn, even to meet our existing obliga-
tions. We are obliged to borrow money. We
have passed at this session of Congress, under the
pressure of great necessity, a bill authorizing sub-
stantially a loan of §20,000,000. It was proposed
