458
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong....] st Sess.
Arrest of Walker—Central America—Mr. Wright.
Ho. of Reps.
form, I trust that experience, which is the result
of time, may prove that I was right.
When my colleague speaks of my vote on the
Crittenden bill being different from the votes of
the great majority of my southern friends, and
with a majority of the North, why did he not
mention that upon the conference bill two as hon-
est southern vpen as ever graced this floor recorded
their names with the North ? Does my colleague
say that the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Bonham] and the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Quitman] have, because of that vote, been
false to their States, and becomc northern in their
feelings and principles? HowwouW they feel,
and how ought they to feel, if F had risen up in my
place, and, in the presence of the assembled Rep-
resentatives of the nation, undertook to brand
these gentlemen with having pursued a course by
which they forfeited the confidence of their coun-
try—had perpetrated " an unparalleled outrage"—
because they felt bound, under a sense of duty,
to record their votes with what my colleague
calls the Black Republican party? I merely pre-
sent this attempt to make me out an Abolitionist
as one of those things to be placed in the same
category as reading the names of those who sub-
scribed for my speech.
In my reply to my colleague's speech, I said,
in substance, that I was surprised that he had not
pointed out some portion of my speech that an
ultra northern man could put his name to, or an
ultra man anywhere, which he has been wholly un-
able to do. 1 desire to stand or fall by what is true
—-the facts, nothing more. My spcech is before
the country, and I ask to he judged by my speech.
I am willing to let my first speech, and the re-
marks which I have subsequently made, to
North Carolina, or any where else, and be judged
of and decided on by an honest constituency. 1
did complain, in answer to my colleague's speech,
that he, in speaking of my r< marks against t he Sen-
ate bill, interpolated, or added, " in other \\ oids,
to her admission as a slave Stale.'5 1 remarked,
in my speech, that no man could have been more
gratified than I, to have had Kansas in with the
Ivccompton constitution, all things being right and
f.ur: and yet my colleague added, as 1 thought
unkindly, said words, apparently to sting and
moitify. I desired to ask my colleague theques-
tion what he did mean by th<v use of these words
as descriptive of my objections to the Senate bill,
and ho very courteously declined to be interrupted,
but promised that before he concluded, he would
explain.. He has not done so, and I suppose he
forgot it. %
On another subject I gave my colleague a fair
chance to lie heard, lie hud iepresentod me as
having voted for " an unparalleled outrage.'" I
pointed out, in reply, that the conference bill
for which he himself, and our whole delegation,
voted, contained substantially all the essential
provisions that were in the Crutenden-Montgoni-
ery bill, with which I and my friends weie all
pei feetly satisfied, and which was dec lured a great
triumph, and celebrated with music, speeches,
and the firing of cannon I had given him an op-
portunity to show that the very thing which he
called " an unparalleled outrage" was, or was not,
the thing for which he voted in the end, and the
thing which he has gloried over as being a great
triumph, and a measure of justice and peace.
Whv did my colleague, in his reply, not moot me
in something substantial, and show that this is
not true ? Why did he not show that there was
a material difference between the provisions of
the Crittenden-Montgomery bill and those of the
conference bill? Why does he not explain what
the conference bill is? His, as well as my constit-
uents, are interested in this.
My colleague brings to my attention the fact
that I voted against the committee of conference. I
did so, and, 1 think, for the best of reasons; and I
should have continued to vote as I did, had I seen
that, by doing so, I could have forced the two
Houses ofCongrcss to have taken the Crittenden-
Montgomery bill. But indications were other-
wise. I desired not to hove an adjournment of
Congress without some such settlement. The bill
reported by the conference committee contained
substantially, but indirectly, all I insisted on. The
Green amendment was whirled to the winds, and
the question was left to be decided substantially
where, as I said before, it was perhaps better it
should be decided,.especially as the South could
not be the gainer, let the decision be either way.
Where is the necessity now for all this difficulty ?
Why come in, after this thing is all over, and in-
dulge in this fury and this spleen, when my col-
league, at last, comes down in substance to that
which I had been contending for from the begin-
ning? I repeat, the same in substance; but with-
out many of the wise, plain, and impartial pro-
visions of the Crittenden bill, so well calculated
to settle all Kansas difficulties at once and forever,
and giVe permanent peace to the country.
Now,Mr. Chairman, I havedone. Iam sorry
for having troubled the committee so long.
Mr. SCALES. Will my colleage allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. GILMER. I dislike to deny my col-
league, but I was not allowed by my other col-
league to ask him any question.
Mr. SCALES. . I merely want to ask my col-
league a question which has nothing to do with
the discussion.
Mr. GILMER. No, sir. I must respectfully
decline to have anything interpolated m my speech,
as my colleague refused me the privilege of hav-
ing something interpolated in his speech.
Mr. SCALES. That does not justify my col-
league for want of courtesy to me.
Mr. GILMER. My friend can have the floor
when I am done, and can make a speech.
Mr. Chairman, I have presented my views. I
hope I have done so without offense. It is my
desire to discuss all such questions properly, and
in proper temper and spirit; and I am not going to
be drawn or betrayed into any excitement. To
be sine, it is very annoying to me to find myself
pursued, at my heels, and at every step, as a wild
and predatory animal, and such etlorts made that
1 may go home a damaged man.
I do not conceal the fact that it was annoying
to mo to wee it jn the papers, the morning after I
made my speech, that inv friend from Alabama
cried out, "Kims htm, UumiNos!"—a remark
whic.h 1 did not hear, and winch my friend from
Alabama states was made in a tone which he did
not expect would reach the reporters' curs. I re-
peat that I felt mortified—1 felt wounded. 1 felt
that attempts were being made to hunt me down.
I felt that 1 had been selected because f vMood,ns
it weie, alone—the Representative of a iai^e con-
st; i \ntive poi tiou of the South, where i was bum,
with whom 1 am in all things identified m feeling
and into:est, and whom properly lo serve is my
highest ambition; and 1 admit it was mortifying
to me to know (hat even the lists carried around
by the little boys, to take subscriptions for my
speech, were copied before these lists were fin-
ished, or the ink dry; and after publication here,
immediately sent lo Noi i h Caiohna, and to the
South, to show that gentlemen, whose political
opinions are unpopular in the South, were sufii-
ciently satisfied with my speech to subscribe for
it. When that sort, of game is to be practiced, I
can only rely on the discriminating judgment of an
honest people. I will appeal and leave it to them;
and although tho^e whose pleasure or taste may
justify and induce them to indulge in all these little
side-bar remarks, and amousii attempts to preju-
dice the force and effect of what I had argued, I
feel that, before the ju^t and honest tribunal of a
generous and impartial people, these assaults will
fall harmless at my feet, and that there is yet hope
that I may survive.
I respectfully ask my colleague to meet fairly
my views and arguments, and in the usual man-
ner and spirit. Let us debate face to face, and
boot to boot, and I will never complain of the ad-
vantage he may obtain on the questions I have
discussed. I know not who to blame; but 1 sub-
mit, in conclusion, that it shows a want of fair-
ness, if not ability, to meet the convincing tend-
ency of the views which 1 have presented on the
subjects discussed, when resort is had to this
miserable underhanded method of attempting
unjustly to create against me odium and preju-
dice.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, obtained the
floor.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. With the
permission of the gentleman from Washington, I
dt-&iic; to ft,ay a single word m reference to the pub-
lication of the list of subscribers to my colleague's
speech.
Mr. GILMER. My colleague has no right to
make another speech; and I object, unless I am
to have the privilege of replying.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. Does'my
colleague object?
Mr. GILMER. I do, unless you will agree
that I shall have an opportunity of replying.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I was not
going to reply to my colleague. I was going to
make a single remark in regard to the publication
of the list of subscribers to his speech.
AllREST OF WALKER-CENTRAL AMERICA.
SPEECH OF HON. A. R. WRIGHT,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House op Representatives,
May SI, 1858.
•The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. WRIGHT said:
Mr. Chairman: Some time since, when the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom that part
of the President's message relating to the capture
of Walker had been referred, made their report
to the House, I offered the following resolutions
as a substitute:
"Resolved, That tin' capture of William Walker by Com-
modore Paulding \va« without authority of law.
"Resolved, That paid capture was within the fettci and
spirit of the instructions ot the Navy Department, and espe-
cially that pomon of the matt unions which oideied ono of
its otRcers ' to lepair to the inland of Clnnqui, on the coast
of Nicaiajtia, whoie it had reasons to believe said expedi-
tion would icud'v.vou-o And unothei of said oflicei.s < lo
proceed to Cape Giaoios, Honduras, skirting along the
eoa-^, looking in ai the mouth of Blcwfield inlet; thence
to S-iti Juan del Noil". Nicaragua.'
••U< cil. That the n^ht of the citizen of the United
Staic-i to e\p.iti iate Jiuiisell and change his allegiance ; ' to
enmriate with ann-« in his hand-,'for the purpose ot set-
ihn<> new eouiitno and founding new rft«ite«, is an inhe-
rent and -acicci right, one that ought to he in violate, and one
of winch he cannot he cun*tiuUioiia!iy tfepnved
1 sought the floor, on various occasions, to vin-
dicate the resolutions, but was unable to obtain it.
i now ptoceed to address the committee on them,
and subjects intimately connected therewith.
The paper, usually denominated the Govern-
ment paper, jeumrked in substance, a few dayw
ago, when taking certain unruly members to task
on the deficiency bill, that it was " infamous" for
a man to change his party relations. That de-
pends upon circumstances. If from coirnpt mo-
tives, he is corrupt. If he follows his party from
the same motives, he is none the less corrupt.
The man that follows party because it is a party >
is a faetionist. The man who follows principle
and suppoits a yarty because it follows principle,
is in the path of duty. When leaders undertake
to overthrow principle, honest men should over-
throw them. As a man, I never supported our
Chief Magistrate. I supported the principles of
the Cincinnati platform, and the President as their
exponent. When, in my opinion, he departs from
any of its principles, I shall depart from him that
Jar, no further. If he seeks to overthrow it, I
shall seek to overthrow him. If that be infamy,
1 shall be 44 infamous." This spirit of independ-
ence in the Representative is the safety of the
Republic. Win n it ceases, venality begins.
In the capture of William Walker and the
making of the Yrissari treaty, the President hon-
estly, I am willing to admit, but none the less
erroneously, struck the vitality of the foreign pol-
icy of the Democratic platform. He committed a
blunder—worse than a blunder; he put to hazard
again the dominion of Central America in a for-
eign Power. We may recover from it without
serious loss; it may cost us millions of treasure
and oceans of blood. It was the political blunder
of the nineteenth century. In any view, it must
retard civilization; give continuance to priestly
domination, and prevent the progress of knowl-
edge and true morality. The " stability of future
times,"spoken of as glorious, " shall be wisdom
and knowledge." These have been certainly hm-
deied. Nothing has been secured of value to the
•count! y.
The g)tul controller of Nicaraguan affairs, has
not been generally known in this country. The
