1658.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
411
at the time—or said, at any rate, and it was a lead-
ing argument—that in a very short time the Treas-
ury, on account of a revulsion in business, from
an unfavorable to a favorable position, would be
able to meet all demands, and that we should go
on as usual. The facts, instead of at all encour-
aging that idea, have presented themselves to us
in such a shape that 1 believe everybody is well
convinced that, instead of our being able to meet
that debt, provided we can incur it, (which seems
to be a matter of some doubt, as nobody seems
willing to take our notes,) we shall be obliged to
resort to some other mode of raising an additional
amount of money.
In this state of things, while we are at peace
with everybody, and while we are bankrupt and
notable to meet the expenditures which ordinarily
arise in the course of government, for civil and
other service, we are called on by the President
of the United States to increase the expenses of
our Government in the military department, by
some five or six million dollars—$7,000,000 if
there are seven thousand men, certainly, and
probably up to $12,000,000, as suggested by the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire. It
strikes me, as a plain man, looking at the outside
of matters, and not very competent to look deeply
into affairs of government and political economy,
that when a proposition of this kind is made in a
peaceful day, and with a bankrupt Government
which has not money wherewith to meet its ex-
penses, and does not know where to get it, some
exceedingly good reasons should be given for this
proposed increase of our expenditures. I have
waited to hear from the chairman of the commit-
tee who advocates this measure, those reasons
which should induce me to give my vote for the
measure, satisfying myself, at the same time, of
the necessity of the case and the urgency of the
exigency which is pressing upon us.
It was this view, and impressed by these gen-
eral considerations, that I desired time yesterday.
I suggested that, although we had the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of War, yet we had not
before us, as a Senate, the facts accompanying his
report upon which we could predicate an opinion.
We were at last precisely in this position: that
we must take the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of War on the reasons which he gave, which
were mere logical deductions from the general
state of things, and were to have nothing at all
that we could look at from those officers who were
competent to give us the details from which we
might be enabled to form our own opinions on the
subject. We have no report from the command-
ing General of the Army, that I know of; no de-
tails front any one conversant with the troubles
upon our Indian frontiers, which would enable
us to reach the conclusion which seems to have
been arrived at by the Secretary of Wdr and the
committee. Nor have we a detailed report from
the Committee on Military Affairs. We are
obliged to take the bill, which, as the honorable
Senator at the head of that committee said, is a
plain proposition, and act upon that bill without
details and without information; that is to say,
without anything but the recommendation of the
President and the Secretary of War.
Now, sir, I am one of those who require some-
thing more. When we are asked at a time like
this, with the Treasury bankrupt, as 1 have said,
and in a period of peace, to impose a burden of
some ten or twelve million dollars additional per
annum, permanently, on the people of the United
States, it is hardly enough for my purpose to be
told that the President recommends it, and that
the Secretary of War recommends it, and that
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs has had leave from the committee to bring
in a bill to that effect.
Then that not being enough, we are obliged to
proceed as we can. We have nothing before us
as to the present existing state of facts; we have
no details from military men; we have nothing
presented to us as to what is intended to be done
with this military force in detail; we are not told
where it is to be stationed; that so many men are
wanted here, that so many men are wanted there;
so many for this expedition, and so many for that.
No detailed tables are given us, by which we may
see plainly that so great a military force is abso-
lutely requisite in order to preserve the peace of
the country. Ought we not to haye something
of that kind? Why should it be all kept back.
I do not say kept baek purposely; but why is it
that we do not have it from some source or other
—either the President, or the Secretary of War,
or the committee? We are called upon to act on
a measure of this importance—not only import-
ant in point of money, but doubly important in
point of principle—simply upon the say-so of
the officer at the head of our Government, with-
out giving us any details whatever, on which we
can safely predicate an opinion.
Mr. President, this leads me to look at the out-
side of the matter, for I can penetrate no further,
and inquire what there is in the existing state of
things calling-for this large addition to the ex-
penditures of the Government? 1 waited to hear
something on the subject from my honorable
friend at the head of the Committee on Finance,
[Mr. Hunter.] I had hoped that he would ap-
peal to the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to state some reason in the present
condition of the Treasury, showing the extreme
urgency and necessity of the case calling for this
increased expenditure. We have had nothing
pressed upon us showing the existence of an ex-
treme urgency. The suggestion yesterday was
that, if we are to do certain things immediately,
this bill should be passed at oncc; and yet, to-day,
the chairman tells us thjit he does not ask for this
increase of the Army with reference to any par-
ticular exigency now existing, but rather with
reference to military considerations generally. I
think his great argument was that this measure
would make the Army more uniform. I certainly
so understood him. His first point, if I heard
him rightly, was, to use his language, that it was
desirable to encourage, or promote, or procure
uniformity in the organization of the Army, and
that for this purpose twelve companies to each
regiment would be better than ten.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will permit me, 1
will correct his misunderstanding of my remarks.
I said that the addition of the two companies to
each regiment would perfect the organization; but
it did not follow that it would increase the whole
number m the Army, because you can reduce the
size of the companies, and with twelve companies
have no more men than if you had but eight com-
panies to a regiment. My remark in relation to
the Mormon war was, that that was not the cause
of asking for the increase—not that it did not en-
ter into it, for just inproportion as troops are sent
into the Territory oi Utah, they are withdrawn
from their ordinary duties. The ordinary duties
of the Army, preserving the peace of the frontier,
particularly in relation to the Indians, as well as
garrisoning many posts which are now vacant,
but which ought not to be vacant, constitute, in
my mind, the necessity for the increase of the
Army—the other consideration being only an
element, not the great cause, as presented by the
remarks of others. What I said was in answer
to their remarks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I listened to the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs very
attentively, with a view to sec what wer3 the par-
ticular points that he made to establish an exi-
gency calling for this increase of the Army at the
present time. Yesterday I spoke of the import-
ance of Senators having on this subject some defi-
nite information,derived from the documents, in-
stead of being compelled to take the mere say so
of the Secretary of War, or the recommendation
of the committee, accompanied by no report; and
then I understood him to say that it was of press*
ing importance that the bill should be passed at
once, in order that the enlistments might go on to
prepare the Army for operations.
Mr. DAVIS. I say so now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My next question sought
to find out what the operations are, if the opera-
t tions are necessary at the present time, and the
i exigency is so very pressing; but I have not heard
| that stated as yet. As I stated before, one ground
i of the increase is, that to the military eye there
| will exist greater uniformity. The Senator now
i says, that although you may have twelve compa-
| nies in a regiment, they may be so manned that
; the whole number will not be equal to what it
| might be if there were only ten companies; but he
j will not deny that if you have twelve companies,
i capable of expansion to a certain number, that
; may be a much greater number than would be al-
lowed by fewer companies.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This, therefore, is sub-
stantially an increase of the Army, because it ena-
bles the President, who is to judge of the exi-
gency of the case, to increase the Army, whenever
he deems it necessary y to that point. Whatever
may be done by the Executive Government in
this respect I look upon as done, because we give
the power to do it.
I nave great respect for the military mind in ita
proper j>lace, and 1 have no doubt the honorable
Senator is remarkable for the extent to which he
possesses the military as well as the civil mind;
but I think they should be kept distinct. I am in
civil life, and I am not at ail pressed by any con-
siderations of a military character. I believe the
country does not care that there shall be a partic-
ular number of companies in order to make out a
uniformity in the organization. The people de-
sire men enough, and so officered and organized
that they can render the needful service; but
whether there are more or less companies is of no
consequence, except that they desire as small a
number of companies and of men as possible. I
would not add a man for the sake of making the
companies uniform, nor would I enlarge the skele-
ton which is thus capable of expansion, in time of
peace, for the sake of uniformity. It is no argu-
ment to my mind.
The honorable Senator said—he will allow me
to insist upon it, I am not yet satisfied at least
that I misunderstood him—that this increase was
not wanted in reference to any existing difficulty
with Utah; that in the enlargement of the skele-
ton, if he will allow me to call it so 
Mr. DAVIS. I think my remarks were in an-
swer to the argument made, that that was the rea-
son for asking the increase. I say no; that is no-fc
the reason given.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Senator admitg
that it is one of the reasons. Passing by what was
said by the Senator from Georgia with so much
truth, that there is no existing war, it is impossi-
ble to keep out of sight, and I do not wish to do
so, that there are existing difficulties with Utah
which may require the usS of a certain number of
troops, a certain portion of the Army. We had
the judgment of the present Secretary of War
and our present military department on this sub-
ject, when they dispatched the recent expedition
to Utah. We had their opinion of the exigency
—not such as the honorable Senator now urges
so strongly, that we cannot delay even to acquire
the necessary information in the passage of this
bill. Their opinion of the exigency was, that some
two thousand five hundred men were all that were
needed, and they dispatched them at the close of
the summer, when there*was no probability, in
anybody's calculation, that they could get there
in season to interfere with the operations going
on in Utah. It was only, as it has been called in
reference to Kansas on other occasions, a posse, to
be used as a civil posse m aid of the operations of
the civil government.
If they sent them out for that purpose—if two
thousand five hundred men were enough, and
they were dispatched in the manner they were
dispatched, with no urgency, no speed, no haste,
without-preparation, without even making any
reliable basis of operation, as I believe military
men call it—without laying out their track in
such a way that they could be reached and pro-
tected, or that they could protect themselves; if
that is the opinion of the Government—and surely
we may conclude it to be their opinion, from the
mode of operation—there can certainly be no such
pressing exigency arising from the necessities of
the troops in Utah as would seem to be urged
upon us. Why, sir, I never have been a believer
in all these stories that are told about the great
strength of the Mormons, and what we should
have to do there. I believo in them no more than
the Government does. On that subject I am
somewhat of the opinion of the honorable Senator
from Mississippi in regard to reports from Kan-
sas, and certainly they cannot be considered as
any more reliable. There is a vast deal of exag-
geration in them, to say the least; and in the next
place, we have no positive reliable information on
the subject.
If the state of things in Utah at the present time
be even one of the reasons for asking this increase
of the Army, why has not the Government of th8
United States obtained some reliable information
on the subject and sent it to Congress for our con-
