1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2521
HENRIETTA S. CLARK.
A bill (H. R. No. 203) for the relief of Hen-
rietta S. Clark.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
if this widow has not now a pension under the
general law ?
The CHAIRMAN. She has.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is a bill
from the Senate now on the Speaker's table to
extend these pensions duiing the lives of widows.
I think we had better pass this bill over an^take
that bill up in the House.
' Mr. DAVIDSON. I will offer the Senate bill
as a substitute for this. 0
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman does that,
the bill will have to go back to the Senate. It
would be better to wait until the general bill can
be reached,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
had better move in the House to take up the Sen-
ate bill. I have no doubt that the House will
pass it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I will do so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That will dispose
of all these cases.
The bill was then passed over.
MARY \V. THOMPSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 265) for the relief of Mary
"W. Thompson.
Mr. CURTIS. That case is just like the last.
It had better be passed over.
The bill was passed over. *
HEIRS or WILLIAM YORK.
A bill (H. R. No. 2G6) for the relief of William
York. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
TIMOTHY L. o'KEEFEE.
A bill (H. II. No. 287) for the relief of Timo-
thy L. O'Keefue.
The bill and report having been read, the bill
was laid aside, to be reported to the House.
WILLIAM CRAMPT<?N.
A bill (H. R. No. 268) extending the patent
granted to William Crampton for an improvement
in figure and fancy power loomi for seven years
from the 25th day of November, 185S. [Objected
to by Mr. Pike.]
DAVID BRUCE.
A bill (H. R. No. 269) for the relief of David
Bruce.
The bill directs the Commissioner of Patents
to extend the patent of David Bruce, dated No-
vember 6, 1843, for a new and improved mode of
casting type, for seven years from the date of its
expiration, subject to the rules ami regulations
now in force for granting extensions; provided it
shall appear, on examination, that the tailure to
extend his patent occurred thiough an official
mistake.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
HARRIS AND MORGAN.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 9) authorizing
the Postmaster General to revise and adjust the
accounts of Harris & Morgan, on principles of
justice and equity. [Objected to by Mr.Morris,
of Illinois.]
J. W. NYE.
A bill (H. R. 275) for the payment of the claim
of J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and
Hugh Stewart. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee. J
MARYETT VAN BUSICIRK.
A bill (H R. No. 27fi) for the relief of Mary-
ett Van Buskirk, heir of Thomas Van Buskirk,
deceased, late of Bergen county, New Jersey.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Maryett Van Buskirk, out
cf anv moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of «j20,3G7 principal, together
with interest from the 1st day of January, 1780,
ill full payment for the claim for forage, grain,
cattle, and other supplies furnished to the Amer-
ican Army by the late Thomas Van Buskirk, de-
ceased, of Bergen coun'y, NewJersey, during the
revolutionary war. . . .
It appears from the report that the petitioner,
Maryett Van Buskirk, is the lineal descendant of
Thomas Van Buskirk, who was in his lifetime a
citizen of Bergen county, New Jersey. That
during the period of our revolutionary struggle
he was a wealthy farmer and grazier, and a man
of great influence. The evidence before the com-
mittee shows that he was one of the most ardent
Whigs of the Revolution, and in a community
where a large part of the population was hostile
to the American cause. It further appears from
the evidence and certificates on file that the Amer-
ican troops, at different times, under the command
of Generals Wayne, Greene, and other officers,
during the period ranging: between the years 1777
and 1780, encamped at Harrington, (orPcramus,
as sometimes called.) In the winter of 1779-80,
General Washington, with the main army, were
encamped at Momstown, near by. When the
committee state that, as early as 1777, dates the
poverty and extreme wants of the arrny, and the
prostration of the credit of the Government, they
state facta known to all men. It abundantly ap-
pears by the evidence that from this time, while
our army was in winter quarters at Valley Forge,
until 1780, Thomas Van Buskirk was frequently
applied to by the several officers commanding the
American troops for supplies of cattle, horses,
forage, grain, and other necessary articles, all of
which he furnished; and he frequently purchased
articles from others with his own money, to en-
able hnn to supply the unny. The dillicult (ask
of obtaining supplies at this time, and in a part
of the State notoriously disaffected, the resort to
force by our officers to obtain them, under the
command of a resolution of Congress, are facts
known in history. The evidence establishes the
fact that it was during this tmv that the ancestor
of the petitioner, Thomas Van Buskirk, furnished
these supplies, as the evidence shows, with cheer- .
fulness and alacrity. It isalso proven that when j
the British had possession of Philadelphia, in
1778, and Colonel L^e had bf "n S'-nt into N<'W :
Jersey to carry oi? and destroy all that otherwise !
might fill into the hands of the enemy, m order
to cut oil' their supplies, among those that suf- |
fered m this expedition was Thomas Van Bus- j
kirk, who cheerfully gave up what he had. j
It appears that he seldom was paid in money j
for his property, but, instead, received certificates, !
executed by the several officers in command, as
proven by the depositions of parties who saw the
officers sign many of the same. One of the wit-
nesses, examined on the 1st of December, 1854,
says that he was then ninety-six years of ajyo, and
that he saw Colonel Lop subscribe certificates,
Nns 3 and 5, and that he saw the property de-
scribed in the certificates, Nos. 1, 2,and 7, deliv-
ered to Major Tilghman.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected; but sub-
sequently withdrew his objection, with the under-
standing; that the yeas and nays would be taken
in the House on the passage of the bill; and the
bill was laid aside to be reported to tiie House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARY BOYLE.
A bill (H. 11. No. 277) for the relief of Mary
Boyle.
The bill directs the name of Mary Boyle to be
placed on the pension roil, at the rare of twenty
dollars per month, from the 1st of Januai y, Itiob.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on Invalid Petitions, t<> whom \v,i> in-
ferred the petition ot Maiy liojle, have li.ut the suuc under
consideiation, and find by lefeienee to Xile;>' ft-ge-ter tor the
years, that the faet-  vt forth !>y the petiuonci, relau v to
tins lemaikablc ami valiant ^ei vicc^ofherlate huf-baiul, Cap-
Tain Thomas Bojie. are abundantly fcubnanuared as mat-
teia of histoiv. The petition is as follow*:
To the honorable the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United fit,tites:
The undersigned, widow of the late Captain Thomas
Boyle, respectfully represents that, in consideration oi the
remarkable services of hei late husband in the war ot J£l*2.
she re^poc tfully solicits fttich aid as C'onfrie-s may vouch-
safe her in her declining years, and to -secure her from want
the little time she has to stay. My Im-band, fii-st as the
commander of the schooner Comet, of touiteen ! uns, and
th«#n in the Chasseur, of twelve, during the war captured
mote than severity sail of Bnts^i ve^els, thnty-two of winch
were equal to hnn m force, and eighteen superior. He met
and beat off a Portuguese man-of-war, cariyin<? twenty thir-
ty-two-ponnders, convojimi three BiHish vessels, killing
her tir-t lieutenant arid live men, and woundingmanymore,
eapiuimg two of the three Untis.li vessels, one earning foui-
te< n <:un-5. and ?h  oth<>r ten sun*. Al«o. h*1 eaptmed the
ship il'MP, with iouue. j fc'oon alter he met and cap-
tured the Jui." Vluuiie and 1.1 eomp iny, e m> mg
tweiitv gmu , ji'.lip^e, iourteen gun ; -hip Johu, iouito jn ;
London Paekrf, twdve; H^nry, ten; Alevind"', ten; Do-
mimeo Packet, ten; and bus Industry, of ten «uns. On
the 26Ui of Tebmaiy, mo, he ail m with and captured,
after a desperate fight of fourteen minutes, his Britannic
Majesty's schooner St. Lawrence, mounting fifteen guns,
four and twelve-pound carronades, and a long Dine, com-
manded by Lieutenant James E. Gordon, royal navy, with
a component of seventy-five men and a number of soldiers,
marines,.and several naval officers (passengers) on board.
The Chasseur lost but five killed and eight wounded. The
St. Lawrence had fifteen killed and twenty-three wounded.
AH this, and much more, was done by my late lamented hus-
band, and neither he nor I have ever received or asked any-
thin? at the hands of Government; and now, at the rige of
eighty, and poor, I respectfully solicit such measure of re-
lief as you, in your wisdom, may thmk proper to grant.
Washington City, January 15,1858.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
ISAAC S. SMITH.
A bill (H. R, No. 31) for the relief of Isaac S.
Smith, of Syracuse, We w York. [Objected to by
Mr. Phillips.]
COURT OF CLAIMS BILLS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Now York, The other cases
oil the Calendar, down to 319, may as well be
passed over.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I offer a substitute for all
these bills, which \ desire to have read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think that
this is the proper time to oflfer a general bill, be-
caUvse no explanation can be given, or debate had
upon it, and it will be necessary to have some dis-
cussion of it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Let it go to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It cannot be de-
bated.
Mi*. DAVIDSON. Yes, sir; I agree not to call
for any vote on it, till discussion stall have been
had,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes; but there are
othersLwho nii^ht notas&cnt to that arrangement.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I will guaranty for them.
Lf-t my substitute bo read.
Tho Clerk proceeded to read the substitute, but
was interrupted by
Mr. CURRY, who objected.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Well; I notify the House
that I will, on Monday, move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of offering it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. All the bills on
page 7 and pa^e 8, down to 319 on page i), aie on
the same principle; and if one passes, all the others
should pa.3*. Therefore, until the House decides
the principle, it is better to pass them over.
The following Court of Claims bills, reported
back by the Committee of Claims with a recom-
mendation that they do not pass, were passed
over informally:
A bill (No. 44) for the relief of Jane Smith, of
the county of Clermont, State of Ohio.
A bill (No. 45) for the relief of Lucinda Robin-
son, county of Orleans, State of Vermont.
A bill (No, 46) for the relief of Hannah Wea-
ver, of Wayne county, Pennsylvania.
A bill (No. 47) for the relief of Ann Clark, of
Madison county, Tennessee.
A bill (No. 43) for the relief of Mary Burt, of
Scioto county, Ohio.
A bill (No. 49) for tho relief of Esther Stevens,
of Van Baron county, Michigan;
A bill (No. 50) for the relief of Mercy Arm-
strong, of Gloucester county, Rhode Island;
A bill (No. 51) for the relief of Nancy Madi-
son, of Fairfield county, Ohio;
A bill (No. 52) for the relief of Anna Parrot,
of Clinton county, Ohio;
A bill (No. 53) for the relief of Margaret Tay-
lor, of Putnam county, Tennessee;
A bill (No. 54) for the relief of LavinaTepton,
of White county, Tennessee;
A bill (Mo. 55) for the relief of Lucretia Wil-
cox, of Wayne county, Michigan;
A bill (No. 56) for the relief of Mary Robbms,
of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania;
A bill (No. 57) for the relief of Tempy Con-
nelly, of Johnson county, Kentucky;
A bill (No. 58) for the lelief of Rosamond Rob-
inson, of Belknap county, New Hampshire;
A bill (No. 59) for the relief of Jane Martin, of
the county of Harrison, State of Virginia;
A bill ('No. 60) for the relief of Melmda Dur-
kee, of the State of Geoigia;
A bill (No. 61) for the relief of Sarah Weed,
of the county of Albany, State of New York;
A bill (No. 62) for the relief of Mary Pierce,
of the county of Oourtland, State of Now York;
