460
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Arrest of Walker—Central America—Mr. Wright.
Ho. of Reps.
a citizen of the Republic;) and furnishing, there-
fore, a certain number of emigrants,armed. The
consideration to Walker was to make him general
of the army, and giant him fifty-eight thousand
acres of land. Under this contract he sailed from
San Francisco in 1855, in a vessel furnished by
the New York company. Cannon of the Amer-
ican Government, under the national flag, saluted
him as he passed out of the bay. He landed at
Rivas, and fought a desperate battle with fifty-five
Americans and ten natives against six hundred
Nicaraguans, killing and wounding about three
hundred of the enemy. Chamorro and Castillo
had both died before his arrival. How he fought
for nearly two years, and maintained himself, is
known to the country. Under his leadership Rivas
was elected President of the Republic; afterwards
Walker himself.
The United States Minister recognized, offi-
cially, the Government of Rivas under Walker's
auspices. It again twice recognized Walker's. It
received his minister, Padre Vijil, at Washington.
In June, lb56, Walker reordained the decree e.s-
tablishing slavery, believinghis republic adapted tu
that kind of labor, and as likely to be best de-
veloped agriculturally by it. About the fame
time, the New York company, undertaking to
govern Walker, was given to understand that he
was President of the Republic, and not Mr. Van-
derbtlt. Five Central American States made war
upon him. The British emissaries, in conjunc-
tion with Yanderbilt, did all they could to over-
throw him. He was at last besieged at Rivas,
for several months, where he fought with terrible
resolution, himself and his men feeding on mules
and dogs. Masseim never displayed more forti-
tude, or fought with more desperate courage. The
enemy never made an assault that they were not
driven back with immense slaughter. His ex-
it emity was very groat, hut he never surrendered;
and the opinion of the best infmnicd is, that had
not Commander Davis captured him and " brought
him oft*," the enemy would have been compelled,
from want and sickness, and Us immense los&es,
to have evacuated the courniy. He was brought
off in May, 1857.
By his indomitable energy, by the 14th of No-
vember following he raised men and mpney to
recover his lost rights and put buck to Nicaragua.
On the 17th of the same mouth, three days alter
liia departure, Yiisxari, who had never, up to this
time, been recognized by the *.'ldmim*tialuni, was
introduced to the President by Sectetary Cass.
The " man of straw" became " the minister plen-
ipotential yThe obnoxious Ynssai i tieat y was
concluded. On the Bih of December, Paulding cap-
tured Walker, brought him back,and Surrendered
him to Secretary Cass, I believe, through the
famous Captain Itynders. The aged Secretary,
surveying him in t>r<at doubt as to the precise o> der
togive, finally delivered to him Captain Winfrey s
command to his militia company, to " disperse,
and go where he damned pleased."
Such are the outlines of the facts. Who, then,
was robbed ? Walker by the Govei nmrnt of the
United States and the New York stock-jobbing
monopolists? or Nicarngua by Walker? What
were Walker's rights ? Was his con tract with Cas-
tillo a fair one? Did he fight faith fully for his adopt-
ed country? Where are the fifty-eight thousand
acresofland he bargained for? Where the army
lie was to command ? Was he notahiwful Pres-
ident? Oil! Government recognized the Minister
of—whom? A pirate, a thief, and a robber? Did
her vessels of war salute a man in the violation
of the laws of his country—one going on an un-
lawful expedition? While he served the New
York Constrictor, and permitted the abolition of
slavery to stand, he was a "hero, " the gray-eyed
man of destiny." A change came over the spirit
of his future, when it crossed the " spirit of free-
dom." From the unanimity with which the camp
followers of the " statesman from the Western
Reserve of Ohio," [Mr. Giddixgs,] rallied to the
support of the Administration in Walker's cap-
tuie, " I guessed" theie must be a " nigger" m
it. I did not then know it. Sure enough, that
venerable statesman's ear had heard the master's
lash and the negro's wail over the roar of the dis-
tant sea.
Walker is this day, by all law, human and Di-
vine} as much the President of Nicaragua, as Mr.
Buchanan is of this Republic. The Government
that ought to have stood by him, and made other
nations stand off, is the one to oppress and ruin
lnni. The Transit Company shout hosannas;
the British praise the conservative writer of the
" Ostend Manifesto;" and the Black Republicans
see, in this " one virtuousact," hopesofa return-
ing prodigal. Can it be that the "veins opened
to let out Democratic blood," and thought to be
healed, are bleeding again ? Walker's motives were
ambitious, but "virtuQus. That he sought to found
a stablegovernment over a beautiful country, but
a debased and wretched people, is certainly true.
That he sought to do it by legal meansand legit-
imate warfare, is also certainly true. Rule badly
as he might, it must have been better than an-
archy, or the reign of terror and death—of a for-
eign-moneyed monopoly. Look how it grinds
and scourges and kills in " the Indies."
A word as to his abilities. Gentlemen say he
is a failure as a general. It is easy to rob one of
laurels that have been hardly won. Wheie did
he ever lose a battle? It is said he " was driven
out of Sonora." By whom? By sickness and
hunger. He entered Nicaragua with forty-six
men. Ilis first battle that his enemies say he
lost, he fought against odds—ten to one. With
fifty-five Americans and ten natives, as before
stated, he fought and drove out of a town six hun-
dred, killing and wounding half. AtMassuya,
he-fought two hundred and sixty men against
two thousand, and beat the enemy. At Granada
he fought two hundred and seventy against two
thousand eight hundred, and killed and wounded
fifteen hundred.
He fought twelve battles, generally with about
the same odds against him, and was victorious in
all of them. In the straitness of the seige of
Rivas, he fought with the ficrcencss and courage
of a lion at bay. lie endured, with Ins soldiers,
the fiercest hunger.
When the enemy made its assault, he fought
at the head of his stern comrades in arms with the
skill of a general and the courage of" the bravest
of the brave." He was in Nicaragua about two
years; his whole collective force, during all the
time, was about two thousand five hutub ed men.
With these he fought five Central American na-
(aided by British counsels and the Transit
Company,) conjointly furnishing about nineteen
thousand troops. He killed and wounded m battle
about six thousand of the enemy; he lost only
about eight hundred and fifty of his own men.
And yet because he could not stand, in addition
to tin* foregoing, the navies of Great Britain and
the United States, we arc told " this young man
from a southern State" is a failure. He is no fail-
ure. Point to his equal in ancient or modern tunes.
Show me the man, with the same means, who has
accomplished equal results. His countrymen
may attempt to blast his fame with the epithets
of " filibuster, marauder, and pirate." It will
live. His deeds have breathed into his name life.
It will be more enduring than that of his tradu-
ce rs; it will outlive the maible; it is upon the page
of his country's history. Poets shall put itm
song; orators engrave it in burning paragraphs.
I did not intend to eulogize him, but simply to pay
a passing tribute to the genius of American pro-
duction, to do justice to a citizen of the Republic.
So much for Walker's capture, its causes, its
consequcnc.cs, his rights and his capacities.
A word upon what has been termed " the neu-
trality act." Tins is the act under which the Pres-
ident seeks his justification for his seizuie. It
cannot be justified under it. In the first place,
there is$o such act as " the neutrality act" known
to the statute-book. There is " An act for the
punishment of certain crimes against the United
States"—not against other nations. The crimes
pointed out in this act are matters between the
United States and its citizens, just as any other
crimes are. Foreign nations have nothing to do
with it. When foteign nations bring offenders to
the notice of this Government, it should be for
some breach o/" the law of nations," orsome tteaUj
stipulation. Foreign nations have nothing to do
with crimes of citizens of the UnitedStatesagainst
their own Government. This is our business, not
theirs. They have just as much right to assume
an oversight of the execution of our criminal laws
for offenses against our Government on one sub-
ject as another. When we trespass the law of
nations or treaties, by which they suffer, then, and
not till then, they have a right to speak. Were
I President, and Yrissari, or " my lord, or the
count," were to call my notice to the execution
of our criminal laws, I should call theirs to their
own business, specially and particularly.
But never did the head of a nation make a greater
mistake than did the President in his message,
when he said this act conferred upon him the
power to use the Army and Navy "to prevent
the carrying on of military expeditions," &c.
There is no such general grant. By no means.
There is nothing like it. The eighth section of
that act docs authorize him " to take possession of
and detain a ship; to prevent the carrying on,"&c.
Is there no difference? Mark: he says there is
grant of power " to use the land and naval forces
or the militia to prevent."&c. The act says " to
take possession of and detain a res.se/, in which a
military expedition is set on foot,"&c., and " its
prize," (if it has taken any.)
Any man of fair mind, who will read the sec-
tion, will see it could only have contemplated wes-
sets in oar ports. The ninth section authorizes the
President to use the same force to compel a ship
to depart our ports which ought not to be here.
The language of the eighth section, under which
alone he pretends to justify the use of the Army
and Navy and militia, does not authorize him to
seize nor to capture, but to take possession of and
detain, and to do this, as my colleague has well,
said, "to prevent the carrying on,"&c. And not
only to use the. Navy, but theJlrmy, and not only
the Army, but the militia, " to take possession of
and detain." Will the President take the militia
about to foreign ports to take possession of and
detain vessels, &.c., to prevent the carrying on of
warlike expeditions? Outside of the marine league
the neutrality act no more authorizes the Presi-
dent to use the Navy or Army or militia to make
a seizure such as Paulding's capture of Walker,
than it does to make war. One is as much a usurp-
ation as the other.
Let us for a momentanalyze this far-famed act,
"to punish crimes against the United "about
which so much is said, and in which fill earth's
nations are so much inteieafcd, and wh^h the Brit-
ish in particular, and other nations in general, rec-
ommend us to execute for our benefit It has thir-
teen sections. The first six define and punish
certain crimes—nothing more. If a citizen vio-
lates them, anybody may sue out a warrant, and
the marshal will arrest. If lesisted, he will raise
" the po.ssc." No aimy or navy is to be used
here. Nobody pretends there is any grant of any
such power in either of them. The seventh de-
clares, the district cow ts shall take cogn izance of the
captures within the marine league of our coasts.
We pass the eighth for the present. The ninth
gives the President power to use the Army or
Navy or militia, " to compclanyjoi eign vessel to de-
part, which, by the laws of nations and treaties,
ought not to be here." The tenth compels own-
ei s of armed ships to give bond that they shall not
be used to make war, &c. The eleventh author-
izes collectors to detain any suspicious vessel, till
the further order of the President, or its owner
gives bond it shall not be used for war. The
twelfth repeals other acts. The thirteenth enacts
that this act shall not prevent prosecutions for
piracy or treason. Thus we have it all. On the
eighth section, and that alone, is there pretense
of power to use the Army and Navy and militia.
1 have given a faithful exposition of that.
It is one thing thing for the citizens of this
country to fit out military expeditions against
other countries. And it is another thing for the
citizens of this country to migrate to other coun-
tries permanently, and fight when they get there,
to rule it. They must take their chances If they
are overpowered, they die. This Government
cannot interfere in the mode or measure of their
punishment. When the brave Crittenden, with
his compatriots, were taken prisoners in Cuba,
our consul would not even go to see them in their
dungeons before their execution. They died with
the constancy and courage of the American char-
acter. Shall we, then, when they are successful,
as Walker was, make war upon them ourselves;
and that, too, to put " money jobbers" in their
places? I hops not; Surely this outrage upon
