1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
appropriation is not sufficient to meet the object.
The appropriation being absorbed or exhausted
before the fiscal year terminates, then Congress
is called upon to appropriate additional money as
a deficiency to carry out that for which the pre-
vious appropriation was not sufficient. Now, is
tins a deficiency ? Certainly it is not. It is in-
tended to be given to the reporters of the House
of Representatives for the work they are now
doing; and that, if we were even bound to pay it
by law, would propei-ly belong to one of the reg-
ular bills, and not this one. It is not entitled to
be in this bill; because there is no law to justify
it; because it is not a deficiency.
Gentlemen tell us that the House passed reso-
lutions for extra compensation to clerks. That
is all true. But the resolutions are not law—how-
ever equitable may be their claims under those
resolutions, they certainly are not founded upon
a law of the land, such as the rules of the House
contemplate, to justify the placing such items in
the general appropriation bills. They are reso-
lutions adopted by the House for the payment of
money out of the contingent fund. The same ar-
gument applies to the item in regard to the clerks,
as in the case of the reporters. There is 110 law
to justify it, and however long the practice of the
House may have been to carry out, in what gen-
tlemen are pleased to call good faith, similar res-
olutions, yet they do not constitute the law of
Congress, and not being a law, they do not jus-
tify their being put in the appropriation bills.
Again, Mr. Chairman, take up your Private
Calendar, and look at it for a moment. You will
find it spotted from the beginning to the end with
cases o( a like chaiacler with these—I mean pri-
vate claims. Wheieis the Dickins claim now;
that has been resisted in this House from lime to
time, and from year to year, and thus far with suc-
cess? It is not in an appropriation bill, but on the
Private Calendar. Mr. Dickins claims, undei a
usage of ihe Government, which he contends is
of such long standing that it is equivalent to law,
for services rendered" by him as acting Secretary
of Slate, in the absence of the Secretary. Wli v,
sir, that claim could have been put into this ap-
propriation bill with the same propriety and with
the same fairness as these; and, if these arc re-
tained, no good reason exists to exclude that. In
times past, when I was connected with the Com-
mittee of Ways and Cleans, efforts wore made to
have that item put in the approptiation bills; but
it has always been excluded, either by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or by the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. It was
excluded on the ground that it was a private claim,
well as upon the ground that thoio was no law
to justify its inseition in an appropriation bill.
Why should we make Mr. Dickins's go upon the
PriuUe Calendar, and allow the claims of other !
giuvJemon—admitting that they arc equitable—a i
place m the appropi tation b'il-s11 There is no suf- i
fuMciit reason, m my judgment, for such difference. |
Th-'y are alike pi lvate claims, unsupported i>y law, i
and should be placed on the LVivate Calendar. j
Tin* gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Kit noi.sj has J
argued t0 show that the Committee of Acrounis J
had a nght to dispose of the contingent fund of i
t he House; and t,hat reminds me of another prop- ;
o.silion whi( h i desne to make in reference to this :
biii. It is to strike out the fourteenth line, which |
clashes a number of items as contingent expenses 1
of the liousi' of Repiesentauvrs. Und<-r that des- j
ignatmn the Committee of Accounts would claim :
a license to use the money embraced in any one
of those items for any other of them, or for any
other object that committee might determine to be
a contingency of the House. You have, for in-
stance, an item of a few thousand dollars for
new spapers, and you have items for laborers, fur-
mrure,&c. Every dollarembrdced in them under
the power claimed by that committee, may be
appropriated to any other item which that com-
hut'oe may determine to be a contingency of the
House whether specified or noi. The gentleman
from Ohio argues that the Committee of"Accounts
)kv\o a nsrht to dispose of the contingent fund of
il)e Home. I do not propose to argue that with
lum nor: yet I am well satisfied that he etrs in
sjymg that tlie Committee of Accounts can ap-
propwate one dollar of the contingent fund out-
side of the proper and le^al contingencies of the
liouf-ii of Representatives.
13ut admit that the Committee of Accounts could
do so: what is the condition of most or several of
these cases ? It is extraordinary that the gentle-
man from Ohio, or any other "gentleman, would
argue that these accounts were in a condition to
pass with credit in this city, or to be paid at the
Treasury. If the Committee of Accounts have a
right to control our contingent fund, they must
pass upon accounts before the money is paid; that
cannot have been the case hero. I would like my
colleague to tell me when the account of Mr. Bar-
clay was audited by the Committee of Accounts?
I,would like him to tell me when the account of
Mr. Buck was audited; or when the account of
Mr. Walker, the reading clerk, was audited by
the Committee of Accounts ? The resolutions in
their behalf were passed in the very last hours of
the session, but a short time before the constitu-
tional dissolution of Congress There was no
member of Congress after the 4th of March; no
Committee of Accounts, and no mode by which
those claims could be audited. But we are told
these accounts are indorsed by Mr. Thurston, of
Rhode Island—indorsed by him when he was not
only not a member of the Committee of Accounts,
but not even a member of the Congress. Mr.
Thurston's indorsementof the accounts was made
after the 4th of March. Itcould not, as I believe,
have been made sooner. It was made after Con-
gress had expired by the constitutional limita-
tion, and he had no more right to indorse them
than I had.
Mr. LETCHER. As my friend from Alabama
seems to want information on that point, I would
tell him that, as I understand, the accounts were
prepared before the resolution passed the House,
and as soon as it did pass, Mr. Thurston indorsed
them, bcfoie Congress adjourned, just as a bill is
engrossed in advance.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thatmakes the matter worse
than u was before, for it shows that theie was
tj icket y in the thing; and for that, if nothing else,
Congrcssshouid reject it. If it was parsed in legal
form, and if it took the usual course for the ni-
doi semerit of the Committee of Accounts, I could
understand it. Hut when your officers, in ad-
vance, diaw up resolutions and putthem into the
hands of members to have them offered, then
prepare their accounts, have them ready and re-
ceipted, even before the passage of the resolution,
it looks to me that there is something involved in
such conduct which docs not commend itself to
the favoiable consideration of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman lot me
see whether I cannot place him in just a* bad <a
condition? I desire to know whether, before last
Congress expired, tfee gentleman did notexecute
a receipt, and make a full settlement with the
Sergeant-at-Arms, just as I did?
Mr, HOUSTON. That is not the question,
and has no bearing upon the one before us. That
was my legal compensation; known to me and
known to the Seigeant-at-Ai ms to be due me un-
der a law which has been existing on your stat-
| ute-book for years. Heie there was no law at all.
I But, sir, I do not recollect whether I did so or
I not. If it was necessary, I did; but my opinion
| is that I settled with the Sergeant-at-Arms after-
; wards. But whether I did or not, does not reach
' this case, or apply to it at all. That was my
compensation, allowed me under the laws of the
United States, and the officer knew I was entitled
to it.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I understood the gen-
tleman fiom Alabama to say that the chairman
of the Committee of Accounts indorsed these ac-
counts after thoCongress had expired, and there-
fore that it was wrong. He was then informed
that the accounts were indorsed during the ses-
sion of Congress. The gentleman from Alabama
complained that that too was wrong, worse than
the other. Now, I destre to ask the gentleman
from Alabama when it would have been proper
for the Committee of Accounts to have passed
upon these accounts ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will answer the gentleman
with a great deal of pleasure. It would, m my
opinion, have been proper for the Committee of
Accounts to have passed upon these accounts
when the}' were in session, and the claims pre- !
sented; and if the committee could not so act at I
the session when the resolutions were adopted by !
the House, the matter should have gone over to '
the next Congress, when the committee could i
properly examine them. !
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I understand these ac-
counts were indorsed during the session of Con-
gress; and, in my opinion, ihat was the legal and
proper time. •
Mr. HOUSTON. Now, I desire to ask my
friend from Tennessee a question. The gentleman
understands the circumstances under which these
resolutions were passed; that they were passed
during the last hours of the session; now I ask if
he believes the accounts under them could have
been properly made out and audited by the Com-
mittee of Accounts before the adjournment of
Congress ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I will tell the gentle-
man what I understand to have been the case. I
understand that these officers of the House bad
their accounts in readiness before the passage of
the resolutions, and that after the resolutions were
passed, they presented them to the Committee of
: Accounts, and they were audited before the ad-
journment.
Mr. HOUSTON If the gentleman will look
at the rules of the House and parliamentary law,
he will find that committees of the House are not
j! to straggle about the Capitol indorsing accounts
|| wherever they find them; they are to meet in their
regular committee room; meet in regular form;
and, a quorum being present, they may proceed
to business. They must, however, act by the
regularly constituted authority.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my friend from Ala-
bama allow me to ask who indorses these ac-
; counts ? Are they indorsed by the committee, or
by the chairman ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I should be very glad to
yield ts the gentleman from Virginia, but my time
has nearly expired. They are, or should he, in-
dorsed by the chairman by direction of the com-
mittee, after the claims have been examined.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman fiom Alabama in point of fact. I recol-
left very distinctly that about an hour before the
last Congress broke up, I received notice fiom
some person—1 forget who—that the Committee
j of Accounts were in session. 1 repaired to the
| room in which they had met, and found the other
j members of the committee present. I hud been
previously officially engaged in the adjustment of
: some other business. We closed that session of
the committee. These accounts were audited,
and I returned into the Hall of the"House about
half an hour before the adjournment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The statement just made by
the gentleman from Ohio discloses this fact, to
which I desire to call the attention of the House:
that the clerks of the House, instead of attending
: to the business of the House, were parading the
i. Committee of Accounts, and getting their accounts
I audited under those resolutions.
[ Mr. NICHOLS. If the gentleman will allow
! me, he is mistaken in that statement. I did not
] receive any notice from one of the clerks of the
| House; but, I think, through one of the messen-
gers
[ Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman seems to be
: particularly sensitive upon this point.
| Mr. NICHOLS. Not at all.
! Mr. HOUSTON. It may have been after all
I by the Clerk through one of his messengers,
j Mr. NICHOLS. Very likely; I do not know
that it makes much difference whether it was or
I not.
I Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, I desire to refer
;; simply to another thing. My colleague argues
j! that these claims, or many of them, have passed
. into the hands of bona jide holders, by purchase
i from the claimants. I apprehend my colleague is
under a mistake. I do not deny that some of them
may be; but from our experience in legislation
: here, I have no doubt that some of them have
fallen into the hands of sharpers who aie entitled
to very little favorable or equitable consideration
at the hands of Congress.
Mr. DOWDELL. I know of my own knowl-
edge of instances where several of the employes
desired to return home, and a clover, good na-
tured citizen, with the certificates of the Door-
keeperand the decision of the Comptroller that the
money should be paid,advanced more than $2,GOO
: to diese employes, and allowed them to return to
their homes.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does my colleague know
how large a percentage he retained r
I Mr. DOWDELL. The interest on the money
