1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
face of the bill for information. I find that in one
clause of the bill they have included all sorts o*f
items—for transportation of the Army, including
baggage; for sailing vessels on the Gulf of Mex-
ico, and upon the Atlantic and Pacific; for pro-
curing water, and so forth. They have included
I do not know how many items, but they have
lumped them all together, and appropriated for
them $5,400,000. Now, I want to know the
amount of cach item. According to the original
policy of the Government, the amount of each
item was given in such bills as this. But in this
case, the committee have lumped together the large
aggregate amount of $5,400,000, without giving
us details. It is our duty as legislators to examine
these matters carefully; and the committee should
either give us the items or refer us to some public
document which contains them. I ask the gentle-
man who has this bill in charge to point us to some
document in which we can find the items which
go to make up thisjarge aggregate. I have been
looking for it and have not found it. 1 see that
there is. probably included in this $5,400,000
about two million dollars for the transportation
of troops and supplies. Now, where is the esti-
mate upon which that amount is based? I can
find none. How much is paid for transporting a
barrel of flour? I have seen it stated in the news-
papers that a barrel of flour costs the Govern-
ment, by the time it reaches Utah, between fifty
and sixty dollars.
Mr. LETCHER. In what newspaper did you
sec that?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I cannot say.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I have heaid it
said on this floor, and every gentleman here has
heard it said. I will ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] how much does it cost5
Mr. LETCHER. Twenty dollars and seventy
cents a hundred.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then, I am right,
and the paper was right; it will cost between forty
and sixty dollars, the barrel and Hour weighing
about two hundred and fifteen pounds. Well, now,
before we are called upon to vote upon this biil,
we ought to have the contracts under which these
Army supplies are to be transported; we ought to
have all the information, 1 do not care if it covers
a hundred pages. We ought to have all the items,
or, if wo cannot have these in print, the members
of the Committee of Ways and Means ought to
be able to give us the items, dollar for dollar.
Without them we ought not to be called upon to
vote for the hill. Who is to get the $2,000,000
for transportation? IIow were the contracts made?
When were they made? By whom were they
made? And by what law were such extrava-
gances authorized?
It has been stated here that the ordinary course
has not been pursued m making certain contracts
in regard to horses. Now, before 1 vote for this
bill, I want to know how the contracts have been
made. It is rather suspicious, in my judgment,
when you see large amounts for transportation of
troops and supplies thus lumped m general terms,
and gives some countenance to thegeneralrumois
connected with recent Army conuacts.
1 will ask the gentleman who has chaise of the
bill another question, if $2,000,000 is appropri-
ated for liansportation, why was it not put in the
bill specifically ■ Why is it all grouped together
in the sum of $5,400,000 ? Why are not the
separate items given? Under this mode of ap-
propriating money, the executive department can
take this $5,400,000, and apply it to more than a
hundred different purposes. Under the general
terms of an appropriation bill, they can take it
and apply it to almost any exigency that an Ex-
ecutive, who has not, in my judgment, the confi-
dence of the nation, may choose to apply it to. I
can vote for no appropinuion that may be thus
abused, when no man can tell how much of it is
for transportation, how much for the purpose of
clearing roads and removing obstructions from
i ivers, and how much for the purchase or hire of
horses How can any man vote understanding^
for a bill so genoial in its terms as this is ? I am
not sufficiently acquainted with the legislative his-
tory of the eountiy to say whether or not this
kind of appropriation bill is common or ordinary.
It seems to rac that if it is, the piecedents ought
not to be followed any further, but that each item
of cippjopmtion should stand separated from the
others,so thatwe mayvote to strike out what we
disapprove, and to retain what we think is right.
But I have another objection to this bill to which
I desire the attention of the gentleman who has it
in charge. It does not distinguish at all between
what is intended for one fiscal year and what is
intended for another fiscal year, but, on the con-
trary, expenditures for three fiscal years are
grouped together in the same item of appropria-
tion. Now, is that usual? If it is, it is very
wrong. I think it is not usual. The paper, to
which I referred before, shows that $1,250,000 of
the money is for the fiscal year ending on the 30th
of last Jrrne, that $3,718,000 is for the currentfis-
cal year, and $3,700,000 for the next fiscal year.
Now, why are these items aggregated together
and put into one appropriation? Why is not a
specific sum appropriated for a specific deficiency
in one year and another for a specific deficiency in
another year? Such, I am told, has been the
custom. I would ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia whether the $3,700,000 for the next fiscal
year is not in this bill ?
Mr. LETCHER. It is.
Mr. STANTON. For the next fiscal year?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes; read the document and
you will see.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Yes, sir; I see it.
My colleague thought they were not thus grouped
together.
Now, in my judgment, those appropriations
ought to be separated, and each be made to stand
or iail upon its own merits. Some of us may be
willing to pay debts for which the faith of the
Government is pledged, and yet not be willing to
authorize what we consider a useless expenditure
for the future. When the Committee of Ways
and Means—which has the confidence of the
House—reports to us a bill of thixkind they ought
to separate the items and give them to us item by
item, letter by letter, and precept by precept, so
that we may act upon them understandingly.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letciilr]
may think they are all right, and he is generally
very exact. 1 find myscifvoting with him often
on money bills; but we have a right as legisla-
tor to know whether or not they are right, to
test his judgment and accuracy, and to judge for
ourselves.
Now, sir, a few words in reference to the third
section of the bill. Tins third section appropri-
ates money in accordance with resolutions of the
last Congress, which, in my opinion, were con-
trary to jaw. I believe that the last House of
Representatives, in voting extra pay to its vari-
ous officers, violated an act of Congress. I draw
a distinction between resolutions of eithei House
and the law. I believe that these resolutions,
passed at the heel of the last session, have not
the authoiity of law, and are wrong in principle;
and therefore I will no more vote to sanction what
I regard as a breach of law by either House of
Congiess than I will vote to sanction a breach of
law by executive officers. This House has no
power to appropriate money, cxcept from its
contingent fund. It has no power to say that any
man shall have extra pay. There is a law of
Congress which expressly forbids it; and theie-
foie I do not consider myself bound to vote to
carry out these resolutions. I know that it is
said that these men are very worthy officers. I
admit it. I do not believe that any Speaker of
the House could get along without the services of
one of the clerks provided for in this bill. At the
same time, I think all these claims snould be
passed in the ordinary way. Let them not be
attached to an appropriation bill. Appropriation
bills should contain nothing except for expendi-
tures provided for by law. These claims of Mr.
Barclay and the other gentlemen are not pro-
vided for by law; they have not been sanctioned
by law. It is true, they have been sanctioned by
resolutions of the House; but they are not the
law of the land; and I will not do, as a member
of the House, what 1 would not sanction to be
done by another department of the Government.
This is a small part of the bill; and I think it
should be left out, and let the question be taken
on the rest. At any rate, until I am better satis-
fied in reference to the items that make up the
large sums appropriated by this biil, I will not
vote for it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to correct a state-
ment, or the terms of a statement, made by the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] I do
not consider that we are called upon merely to
pay these gentlemen their extra pay; but we are
called upon to carry out in good faith the act of a
former Congress; and I consider these resolutions
just as binding on us as any one of the laws passed
in that Congress. I was in the last Congress, and
was one of the few who voted against the resolu-
tions; but as they were adopted, I consider it to be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
the money, and the duty of the House to carry
out in good faith the acts of the last House.
Mr. BURNETT. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I cannot yield for the pur-
pose.* I do not ask questions of the gentleman,
and I shall not answer any.
Mr. Chairman, the speech of the gentleman
from Alabama puts me in mind of a story that I
heard when I was a boy—a good while ago.
[Laughter.] When they first undertook to estab-
lish courts of justice somewhere, they took a
very clever old Englishman and put him on the
bench. A man was brought up, charged with
murder; but as they had no grand jury in that
court, it was considered questionable by the able
gentleman who represented the Government, as
to whether they could go on with the trial with-
out an indictment; and he suggested it to the
court. The court said an indictment was not
necessary; that the man was charged with i
dcr, and must be tried. " Well," said the
mur-
said the dis-
trict attorney to him, after hearing the evidence,
" I hardly think the evidence sufficient." " That
makes no difference," said the judge; "the man
has been charged with murder, and we must
hang him." " But," said the district attorney,
" the man whom he is charged with having mur-
dered, is in court." " That does not make a bit
of difference," said the judge; " somebody is to
be hung, and I will hang that man anyhow."
So it is with the gentleman from Alabama He
first objects to the indorsement of these accounts,
because they were indorsed after the power of
the committee had ceased. But the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] says "No—that
is not so; they were signed while the House was
in session." " Well," says the gentleman from
Alabama, "as they ought not to be paid any
how, they ought not to have been signed, and
the signing was improper. The committee was
not called together, and they must have been
signed in the House." The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Nichols] comes forward and relieves
him of that difficulty, saying that the committee
was called together. "Well," says the gentle-
man fiom Alabama, " they were not called regu-
larly. Somebody is to be hung; somebody mu&t
be made a scape-goat of."
Now, I do not think that this is right; and I do
not think that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] is m a better situation than the gentle-
man fiom Alabama. He [Mr. Houston] does
not intend to vote for this, no matter whether
these accounts were regularly signed or not. So
the gentleman from Ohio does not intend to vote
for the Army deficiencies, whether the supplies
were all furnished or not.
There you have the case exactly as it stands;
and it is for the thinking portion of the House to
do justice. I, for one, believing that these leso-
lutions passed m good faith—although I opposed
them—and that these parties are entitled to the
money under them, intend to vote to pay them;
<' and believing that it is necessary to carry on this
j war, and that expeditions have been made by the
!j Government in good faith to further the interests
of the country, I shall vote to pay them.
'! Mr. GARNETT. I will not ask whether the
[I gentleman from Louisiana who has just taken his
seat has succeeded as much to the satisfaction of
the House as to his own, in proving the justice
and propriety of the comparatively small item of
the bill giving extra compensation to the officers
of the House; but he certainly has said nothing
to commend to our approval the $10,000,000 of
other appropriations now proposed.
Mr. Chairman, nothing strikes me in this de-
bate so much as the proof it affords of the alarm-
ing tendency of the executive branch to absoto
the entire power of the Government. For as the
Federal Government threatens gradually to con-
solidate within itself the powers which rightfully
belong to the States, so does the Executive con-
