414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
the view which I take. I do not say that the au-
thority ought not to exist in certain cases; but, in
my judgment, it is an omission in the law. The
previous statute, to which the act of 1807 refers,
gives power to the President to use the militia, in
certain cases, in the States. It does not go beyond
the States; it says nothing whatever of the Terri-
tories. This statute says that where, by any
previous law, the President has power to use the
militia in the States, or in the Territories, he may
use the Army; but there is no authority, by the
previous law, to use the Army in the Territories.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think the Senator's ar-
gument will hold. He refers to a date when the
power over the Territories was unquestioned.
The first statute was enacted at a time when the
laws from the States were adopted in the Terri-
tories; and the second comes down to a period
when there were laws enacted by the Legislatures
of the Territories; and hence the difference in lan-
guage. Upon this the Senator, perverting the
language of President Pierce, hangs another ar-
gument: that President Pierce did not consider
that authority existed to use the troops to preserve
peace in the Territory of Kansas. Presiden t Pierce
considered, and it was a part of his strict construc-
tion of all laws, fundamental or statute, that the
provisions of the law must be fulfilled; that the
troops must be used as a posse comilatus; that they
must be called upon by the civil authority; and
that, if insurrection existed, he must first issue lus
proclamation to the rioters to disperse; and he did
issue a proclamation. Then, again, it is within the
knowledge of the Senator, certainly, that the troops
were employed during the administration of Presi-
dent Pierce; and his insinuation as to any change
of circumstances in that Territory was the more
unworthy, because it is also within his knowledge
that these troops were used to prevent men from
shedding blood, when his own political friends
alone would have been involved in the hazard.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My statement was, that
the troops were not used by President Pierce; and
ho denied the power to use tljem for the purpose
of protecting the polls in the Territory.
Mr. DAVIS. The troops were not used for
any other purpose than that provided by the law.
The troops were used to put down insurrection—
to suppress rebellion. They were used to check
armed bodies of men who were in a state of in-
surrection—rioters, who were about to disturb the
peace; but he did not—and lam proud to remem-
ber that he did not—station the troops in places to
take care of the private interests of people within
the Territory. He was blamed by the political
friends of the gentleman himself for that sort of
intervention which he always refused to make.
He stood by the Constitution and laws passed
under it, ana used the means put in his hands to
execute them according to the terms of those laws.
Under the present Administration, I do not under-
stand that a different policy has been pursued;
but I am not so familiar, of course, with the acts
of the present Administration. Far be it from me
to follow the gentleman's example, and pretend to
judge of their motives. I arraign the motives of
no man. I ascribe to no man purposes unlike
those which he avows, unless I am ready first to
arraign him as destitute of all honor and truth. I
take it for granted that the Administration has
pursued the policy which is in exact accordance
with the statements made in the official papers
which have been laid on the desks of Senators, and
there it appears that in every step the troops have
been used under the application of the civil au-
thorities, and used as a posse comitatns.
Will the Senator deny the power of the Pres-
ident to send troops to any point where it may be
necessary, in order that they shall be within call
of the Governor of a Territory, he having reported
that those troops are absolutely necessary to pre-
serve the peace r If so, he must deny to the Pres-
ident the powers conferred on him as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy; he must assume
that this body is to sit directory of the Piesident
as to where the troops are to be stationed; that
he is to be stripped of his constitutional prerog-
ative. The Executive may be held responsible,
inforo conscienticn, for stationing troops where the
public necessities do not require them. He is
open to that fair criticism, when any Senator or
other citizen of the United States may think
proper to make it.
I did hope, sir, to oscape from this constant and,
as it seems, interminable reference to Kansas. I
did not suppose that Kansas was to be the subject
of discussion on a proposition to answer an ap-
plication on the part of the Executive, favorable
or unfavorable, as the Senate please, for an in-
crease of the standing Army, the military estab-
lishment of the United States. But since it is
otherwise, and since the fate of the bill seems to
hang upon that, the argument must be made. I
shall be brief, for I have no taste for the dis-
cussion; I do not see its application to the ques-
tion in hand; but th^t it may be understood why
troops have been kept in Kansas under this Ad-
ministration, (and if it were necessary, the same
reasons belonged to the one which preceded ft,)
if it is required that the arguments shall be shown
to justify the Administration in not sending all its
disposable forces to the frontier, so as to preserve
quiet among the Indian tribes, I refer to the mes-
sage of the President, communicating the corre-
spondence of the late Governor of Kansas in rela-
tion to affairs in that Territory, and the course
which he pursued. Governor Walker in a letter
to Mr. Cass, dated July 15, 1857, after referring
to difficulties which had occurred, and the neces-
sary use he had made of the troops to prevent an
outbreak in the execution of civil process, and the
troubles then hanging over him, and the doubts
he had of the future, says:
" During tin* period a telegraphic dispatch was received
from General Scott, unhealing that General Harney was to
proceed with the troops to Utah. Subsequently, General
Harney received from the same source what appeared to be
an official order on this subject, indicating, if earned into
execution, that Kansas would be left, not only by General
Harney, but by all the troops, except a single company of
infantry, which would be divided between Fort Itiley and
Port Leavenworth.
'• In view of my official letter of the 2d of June, 1857, and
of the conditions upon which i agreed, with great leluc-
tanec, to acccpt the portion of Governor of thus Territory,
namely, that General Harney, m whom I had great confi-
dence, and who was well known to the people of Kansas,
and greatly respected by them, should be ordered from Flor-
ida, put m special command in Kansas with a large body of
troops, and especially of diagoons and a battery, and re-
tained there, subject to my directions, for military opera-
tions, if necessary, in Kansas, until the danger was over,
and m the absence of which I never would have accepted
this office, I could not but conclude that some mistake must
have been made by General Scott, and that such a course
could never have met tin; approval of the President and his
Cabinet, or of the Secretary of War, by whom this matter
was so well understood."
He goes on:
" I received, on Monday morning last, a printed handbill,
which [ now inclose you, showing certain mo&t alarming
proceedings m the town of Lawrence. This was accom-
panied by information that the people of that town were
proceeding that d.iy to elect a mayor, aldermen, and other
ofiiceis, and would immediately pass and enforce ordi-
nances, m defiance of the laws of the Territory. At the
same tune, the fact was communicated to me that handbills
were circulated Irom Lawrence thioughoiit the Territory,
urging all the disaffected localities, whether towns, cities,
or counties, to pursue a similar course of oiganization; thus
overturning the terntonal government m detail, and neces-
sarily pioducing collision with its authority, and, as a con-
sequence, a renewal of civil war. Although still sufleung
from debility, as the result of my illness, I considered the
ciims so alarming as to rcqune my immediate presence at
Lawrence, where 1 proceeded in company with Mr. Secie-
tary .Stanton, and after spending several hours theie, ascer-
tained to my entire satisfaction that all the facts communi-
cated to me were tiue, and that this movement at Lawrence
was the beginning of a plan, originating in that city, to oi-
ganize insurrection throughout the Territory. Lawrence is
the hot-bed ot all the abolition movement* in this Tcnitoiy.
Tt i<* the town established by the abolition societies of the
East, and whilst there are respectable people there, it is
filled by a consideiable number ofmeicemuies, who are paid
by abolition societies to perpetuate and diffuse agitation
throughout Kansas, and prevent a peaceful settlement of
this question. Having failed m inducing their own so called
Topeka State Legislature to organize this liisuriection,
Lawrence has commenced it herself, and, if not arrested,
the lebelliou will extend tluoughout the Territory."
Governor Walker, on the 14th of July, 1857,
writes to General Harney:
Leavenworth, July 14, 1857.
Sir: I have received authentic intelligence that a dan-
geious rebellion has occuired in the city of Lawrence, in
this Territory, involving an open defiance of the laws, and
the establishment of an insurgent government m that city.
This movement, if not speedily ai rested, I am also assured,
will be extended throughout the Territoiy, and must result
in a lenewal of civi' war.
[t becomes, then, my painful duty, under my instructions
from the President of the United States, to request you to
( furnish a legiment of diajroons, to proceed at once to the
i immediate vicinage of Lawrence, to act as a posse comitatus
in aid of the civil authorities m the due execution of the
laws, and for the preservation of the public pcacc. The
service of the u oops .for this puipose will be discontinued
so soon as the public exigency will permit.
Kespeclfull> jouis., R. J. WALKER,
Governor of IZanscts 'Territory-
Brevet Brigadier General W. S. Harney, Commanding
troops in Kansas, fyc., tyc.
Going on with the evidence of the necessities
which the Governor of the Territory of Kansas
found for retaining the troops within the limits of
Kansas, and the purpose for which they were re-
tained, I read from his proclamation of July 15th,
1857, to the people of Lawrence:
" It will be perceived that the^iuthority of the territorial
government is here distinctly denied, and whilst that of the
so-called State government is acknowledged, it is conceded
that no charter has been granted by them ; indeed, it is a
fact that, although this so-calicd State government has in
itself no legal existence or authority, yet you asked and failed
to receive a charter from them."
Further in this proclamation he says, speaking
to the same people:
" Your evident purpose is thus to involve the whole Terri-
tory in insurrection, and to renew the scenes of bloodshed
and civil war. Upon you, then, mustrest all the guilt and re-
sponsibility of this contemplated revolution. You will be
justly chargeable in law and in conscience with all the blood
that may be shed in this contest, and upon you must fall the
punishment. You have elected your officers under this char-
ter, and instructed them to enter upon the immediate dis-
charge of their duties, including the adoption of ordinances
and the execution thereof, under an authority havingin itself
no legal existence, and established in direct defiance of the
Government of the United States."
Further he says to them:
" Your purpose, if carried into effect in the mode desig-
nated by you, by putting your laws forcibly into execution,
would involve you in the guilt and crime of treason."
And again:
u If your proceedings are not arrested, you will necessa-
rily destroy the peace of this Territory, and involve it in all
the horrors of civil war."
Again:
"As all arguments heretofore so often addressed by me
to you have failed as yet to produce any effect upon you, I
have deemed it necessary for our own safety, and that of the
Territory, and to save you from the perilous consequence
of your own acts, under the authority vested in me by the
President of the United States, to order an adequate foree
of the troops of the United States into your immediate
vicinage, to performing the painful duty of arresting yoar
revolutionary proceedings."
Further he says:
" 1 will accompany the troops to Lawrence with a view
to prevent, if possible, any conflict, and in the siucere hope
that the revolutionary movement contemplated by you, and
now so nearly accomplished, will, ere it is too late, be
abandoned by you.
" If you can be influenced by no other motives, the evi-
dent fact that the power of the Government is adequate to
prevent the accomplishment of your purpose should induce
you to desist from these proceedings.''
On the 25th of July, Governor Walker sent to
Mr. Cass a confidential telegraphic dispatch, writ-
ten from Camp Cooke, near Lawrence:
" Copies of mil itary orders one and two, by General Lane,
acting under direction of the Topeka convention, to organ-
ize the whole so-called free-State party into volunteers, and
to take the names of all who refuse enrollment, have just
reached me. The professed object is to protect the polls, at
the election in August, of the new insurgent Topeka State
Legislature.
The objcct of taking the names of all who refuse en-
rollment, h to terrify the free-State conservatives into sub-
mission. Thi* is pioved by recent atrocities committed on
such men by the Topekaites. The speedy location of large
bodies of regulai troops here, with two batteries, is neces-
sary. The Lawrence insurgents await the development of
this new revolutionary military oiganization. Whenever
the judicial authority orders airffsts the troops will be re-
quired as a posse comitfrtiLs."
I shall not read any further. T have read enough
to show that the executive officer of the Territory
appealed, in the various stages of the troubles ex-
isting in Kansas, to the President of the United
States, through the Secretary of State, for the use
of the troops, that he objected to the removal of
any portion of the troops, and he presented the
conclusive argument that the removal of those
troops would result in civil war. No Senator can
be more reluctant than lnyself to maintain troops
within the limit of any Territory or State to en-
force laws against the will of the people thereof.
It is a melancholy evidence of the decadence of
the political morals of our times that it has been
necessary to employ the troops of the United
States to secure the execution of the laws. It
gives melancholy forebodings as to the capacity of
our people for self-government; but yet the fact
is not to be denied.
In the Territory of Kansas was presented an
anomalous case. Ifthe President had there relied
on the militia, and had called the militia from the
Territory, he must have mustered either one side
or the other of the then existing contestants. If
he had called the militia of any neighboring State
into the service of the United States, to execute
the laws within that Territory, he would have
been but swelling the number of combatants who
would have been mustered on that field, for the
