1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1501
centrate all the powers of the Federation. And
nowhere is that encroachment more apparent than
in the almost unlimited control it has obtained
over the purse.
It was a cardinal principle taught by the State-
rights Republicans of Mr. Jefferson's day, that
no money should be drawn from the Treasury
except by appropriation by Congress, and no ex-
penditures made except by express legislative
sanction. By all the minuteness of specificappro-
priations Congress was to prescribe not only on
what objects money might be expended, hut how
much on each object. Any other construction of
the constitutional provision that no money shall
be drawn from the Treasury, except when appro-
priated by law, would abandon all our power of
control. But it is vain for us to attempt to limit
the expenses of Government, if when, after due
consultation with the Executive Departments, we
have determined the amount we are willing to
sanction, the Executive may exceed the limit as
far as it pleases, and call upon us to approve the
excess, under the name of a deficiency. The De-
partments first send in their estimates; your Com-
mittee of Ways and Means considers them, some-
times reduces them, and but too often merely
registers them; Congress itself then deliberates
upon them,and theresultfinally is thatbysolemn
legislative enactment the voice of the people and
of the States determines how much shall be spent,
and for what purpose. But then the Executive
Departments, which have to execute these laws,
in utter disregai d of them, and at their own mere
discretion, con tract obligations vastly beyond their
authority, spending moneys they never asked for,
which were never granted, or which were even
refused, and we are summoned by all the ties of
party allegiance, and public faith, and govern-
mental necessity, to pay the bills, and sanction
the violations of law.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am ready to admit that,
to a certain extent, deficiencies are unavoidable. I
know that, wi th the greatest prudence and the most
cautious desire to conform to the limits of the law,
the expenses incurred in any particular branch of
the public service may exceed, by a small amount,
the sum appropriated, and that, in this way, defi-
ciencies must frequently arise. So far, I would
not object. If the Executive Departments show
an anxiety to keep the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment within the appropriations by Congress,
and their excesses are so small as to be obvious-
ly unintentional and accidental, I, for one, have
no opposition to make. Such, in theory, are all
justifiable deficiency bills; such they may have
been in the beginning. But what are they now ?
I have before me a statement, prepared by an in-
telligent clerk of this House, showing the amount
appropriated in each deficiency bill since 1843.
The first year after the expenses of the Mexi-
can war were fairly cleared from off our annual
budget, the deficiency appropiiation was only
$345,393 71. This was in 1849. But in 1850 it
was §2,809,681 63, and, in 1851, rather less—■
$2,532,035 78. The very next year it more than
doubled, and reached $5,486,992 92. The fol-
lowing year it fell to less than two and a half mil-
lions, because, meantime, each party had been
obliged to bid for the popularfavorinthepresiden-
rial election, by doing what parties often preach,
but seldom practice—exercising a little economy.
A short-lived reform though, sir; for the next year
this deficiency appropriation was $3,696,290 06,
and in 1855, it was $5,163,224 13; and in 1856, it
reached $5,545,976 20. And even these sums are
small, compared with the bill before us, reported
by my friend and colleague, [Mr. Letcher,]
which contains near ten million dollars; and I un-
dertake to say that my colleague has now in his
desk amendments which will largely increase it.
Then when it goes over to the Senate, where they
pass everything, and reject nothing, Heaven only
knows what it will be. Now, I say, is it right?
Is it consistent with the theory of a constitutional
republican Government that we should vote under
compulsion, as deficiencies, these enormous sums
which we refused as originalappropriations? The
deficiency bill, which, in its origin, was intended
to provide for small and unavoidable excesses of
expenditures above appropriations, is utterly per-
verted from its true purpose, and changed into a
confirmation of extravagance and disregard of
law. What becomes of the legislative power;
where is its control over the Treasury if the limits
it fixes for expenditure are thus habitually neg-
lected and overstepped ? When deficiencies are
thus constantly recurring, thus constantly grow-
ing, thus enormously large, surely it is time for
Congress to interfere, and reclaim some share m
the finances of the country! If Congress has
fixed the expenditures at $50,000,000, or any other
sum, and arranged the taxes, the ways and means,
to meet them, is it competent for the Executive
Departments, without regard to the law, to spend
five, ten, or fifteen million dollars more, and then
call upon us to sanction their course, under the
name of deficiencies? It would seem that the
whole Government is ultimately to be earned on
under the title of deficiencies.
I know my friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
will agree with me in the general condemnation
of such a practice. But he says that only a part
of this bill is for deficiencies, and a part is for
future expenditures; and he will also say, that as
to the deficiencies themselves, they are for obli-
gations already incurred, and for which public
faith is pledged, and that they are necessary to
keep the wheels of Government in motion.
Sir, to his first defense, I would reply, so much
the worse for his bill. Truth is valuable, evea
in the mere names of things, and it misleads the
public, and weakens the proper responsibility of
our financial agents to the people, when we con-
fuse our accounts, and charge our expenses to
the wrong year. Nor is this all. You ask us to
vote for the deficiencies, and that too with some
show of reason, on the ground that they are to
meet obligations for which our faith is already \
pledged; you place them on a footing which would ]
deprive us of the power of revising them. Yet i
you mix up in the same bill appropriations for i
the future, over which our power is undisputed, j
and as to which we should be left perfectly free :
to act, either to grant or to reject So serious do [
I regard this objection, that 1 think it would be !
very proper for this committee to recommend to ;
the House to recommit this bill to the Committee
of Ways and Means, with instructions to sepa-
rate the deficiency items from all others, and re-
port them in a separate bill. I hope such a motion
will be made by my friend himself.
And, sir, when my friend appeals to me on the
general grounds of public faith to vote for the de-
ficiencies themselves, I understand him to admit
that the Executive Departments ought to strive
earnestly to keep within the limits of the lawful
appropriations, and that this growing practice of
habitually andenormously exceeding them is very
bad; that it is, mahis usus et ahalendus est. At least, I
his well-known principles must lead him to the |
same conclusions with my own on this head. I !
ask him, then, why does he not correct them? i
When the Committee of Ways and Means ask ;
us to pay these deficiencies and sanction, thereby,
the abuses out of which they grow, why do they !
not propose some remedy, some protection against
like abuses in the future? 1 would appeal to no-
body more confidently than my respected col-
league [Mr. Letciicr] for such a measure For
we all know his eminent experience and ability, ;
and vigilant care of the interests of the ppople in
an economical administration. If I might sug-
gest to him, and I really do so with diffidence, I
would ask him to amend the law of 1820 so as
to forbid the Secretaries from making any con-
tracts which would bind us to expenditures be-
yond the sums actually appropriated. I know
that there will be considerable difficulty in apply-
ing such a restriction to the quartermaster's or
commissary departments; but I would invoke
his ample talents to devise safe-guards even there,
for theie especially is the abuse. I cannot vote
for such a bill as this unless it is accompanied by
some legislative provisions which promise to
guard us against like abuses hereafter; for I know
not where it is to end. And it is worthy my
friend's anxious inquirjrwhere the money is to
be found to support all such expenditures.
I have been at some little pains to ascertain
what are the means of the Treasury. I find
that, on the 31st of December last, there was a
balance in the Treasury of not quite five million
dollars. I find that according to the Secreta-
ry's estimates, the receipts for the next two quar-
ters can scarcely exceed twenty million dollars,
making an aggregate of not quite twenty-five
million dollars. Add to this the twenty million
dollars of Treasury notes, and you have an ag-
gregate of not quite forty-five million dollars for
the service of this fiscal year. Take from that
the estimated expenditures for the two remaining
quarters, and you have a surplus of not quite eight
million dollars. Now put against this surplus
my friend's deficiency bill of $12,000,000; put'
against it the Oregon and Washington Indian war
debt, $6,000,000, which, I suppose, our commit-
tee will recommend us to pay; put against it the
possible and probable appropriations of this and
the other House for other things passed; what
• will be the debt of the United States at the end
of this Congress? If the Committee of Ways
and Means makes no effort to reduce these ex-
penditures, if we are to go on with such enor-
mous deficiencies; in other words, if the Exec-
utive Departments are to continue spending what
they please, without regard to the limits we affix,
then your loan of $20,000,000 will be altogether
insufficient for the wants of Government itself;
and before the end of the session you will have
another loan bill before you. Perhaps we are
obliged to appropriate this money now. Then, I
say, at least, give us laws which will protect us
against a like extravagance in the future. While
you ask us to stand by the abuses of the past,
give us a remedy against the extravagance of the
future. Is not this reasonable ?
Look, sir, at your Army expenses. Look at
what I alluded to before, the expenses in the com-
missarydepartmentand the quartermaster's. You
will find that the latter has run up from $2,140,000,
in 1850, to $5,472,000 in this year; and here is
my friend's deficiency bill with $6,700,000 more.
This adds up to $12,000,000 for this quartermas-
ter's department for the present year. Where is
the fault? Gentlemen of the committee say it is
not with us; we have no control over it. It is not
in the President; it is not in the Secretary of War;
it is not in the quartermaster general, I suppose.
Then, who is it? We are referred to the distant
forts, the vast frontier lines, and the enormous
cost and distance of transportation; and it is said
that our little Army has to do the service of one
of the great armies of Russia or Austria.
I have compared the statements of the Adjutant
General as to the location of our troops on June
30, 1856, and the same day in 1857, and I find
that the total necessary displacements of troops
during the last fiscal year were only sixteen hun-
dred and seventy; only sixteen hundred and sev-
enty had to be transported from one department
to another, to account for the numbers in each at
the end of the year! 1 ask whether this requires
such an extraordinary amount of transportation ?
It may be that your Army is not large enough.
Some gentlemen have said so, though my friend,
the distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, was not of that opinion when
he reported the volunteer bill, and we all feel,
with the country at large, how much weight is
due to the judgment of such a man. But admit
that the Army is too small, and still I would in-
quire, is its efficiency increased by constantly trav-
eling, by land and sea, thus perpetually wasting
time and strength and money, instead of keeping
them at their posts ? And 1 cannot avoid won-
dering at the location of some of these posts,
though I am no military man. They are not only
on the frontier, but beyond it. For instance, there
is Fort Snncoe:oncof the officers recently told me
that there-was not a white settlement within fifty
or one hundred miles, and the country itself prob-
ably never will be settled! I can see how the ex-
penses are increased by this system, but not how
the efficiency of the Army is improved. When I
show by the official papers that the necessary dis-
placements in one year were only sixteen hundred
and seventy men from one department to another,
how is it possible for this House to believe that
these enormous expenditures of $12,000,000 can
be just and proper ?
1 might go much further, Mr. Chairman, and
pursue this inquiry with greater detail, and into
other branches. But I shall have accomplished my
purpose if I have assisted in arousing the attention
of this House to the urgent necessity for greater
economy and a stricter accountability in those
who control our finances. Our Governments fast
becoming one of the most expensive and least
responsible in the world; and unless Congress
means to abandon and surrender all its constitu-
tional functions, it is high time for it to apply some
remedy to this system of deficiencies and expend-
