1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
people were divided throughout the country on
the question there pending. The collision in Kan-
sas was but a miniature of the division of opin-
ion throughout the United States. If he had mus-
tered in regiments from the different States, he
might have increased the Army to the whole ca-
pacity of the Government to maintain them, and
it would have been merely bringing more troops
to meet each other face to face in blood. It was
an exceptional case, and fortunate for the Presi-
dent was it that he was able to use the Army of
the United States, as was shown by the result;
for not one drop of blood was shed by the army
of the United States, thus maintaining the peace
in that Territory. Wherever they came, belliger-
ents on the very instant of conflict paused. They
respected the persons of the troops of the United
States, and they brought peace wherever they
went. They arrested men coming fraudulently
under the guise of emigration into the Territory,
upon the borders of the Territory, announcing
that their wagons were filled with agricultural im-
plements. Those wagons were inspected, and in-
stead of plows, hoes, and grain, they there found
sabers, muskets, shot, shell, and all the appurte-
nances that belong to a military campaign. These
men were stopped before they entered the Terri-
tory, by a small number of troops, and with no
other coercion than when they refused to be re-
leased, sending them down to a place where they
would answer for their attendance.
Whatever might have been the opinion of Sen-
ators before the fact, it seems to me that after the
army in that Territory has prevented civil war,
after it has stopped belligerents in the moment of
conflict, and preserved order at every place where
it was present, they should now abandon any cen-
sure which they might have passed on the prop-
osition as a general one before the facts were de-
veloped. When connected with the Department
to which reference has been made, but one act was
performed by the troops in Kansas whicli I found
it necessary to disapprove, though many received
my highest official commendation. That one act
was the dispersion of the so-called Topeka Legis-
lature. I looked upon them as men assembled
without authority, men who could pass no law
which should ever be put in execution, that the
crime would be attempting to put the law in ex-
ecution; and, in the mean time, it might be con-
sidered as a mere town-meeting. I was compelled
to disapprove the dispersion of that Legislature by
the army; and, as my memory serves me, I met
criticism on the other side of the Chamber, for that
act.
But the Senator from Maine, in his remarks,
says, that no argument has been produced to .show
the necessity of this increase. That is the want
of ability. 1 cannot hope to convince the Senator.
He has an opinion which I take it for granted he
does not intend to surrender. He says, however,
that he cannot adopt the mere opinions of the
Secretary of War, or of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. Surely 1 did not
expect that of him. 1 did not expect any one to
adopt an opinion because it was announced by
myself, though I think some respect is due to the
Secretary of War, because he is charged with the
administration of military affairs. When he an-
nounces that certain means are necessary to per-
form the duties with which he is charged, I think
it is but fair that we should favorably consider
his application, and that the inquiry should com-
mence with the expectation that he had justifiable
reasons for making the call; but, if that inquiry
should lead us to the opposite conclusion, then of
course we ought to reject his proposition. The
Committee on Military Affairs entered on the in-
vestigation, and came to the conclusion that it was
not necessary to add five regiments to the Army.
They also come to the conclusion that the Secre-
tary had justifiable cause for asking an increase
of the Army.
The Senator from Maine, as I understood him
—and I am sure I did not there misunderstand
him—said that the opinion of the Secretary of
War was the whole basis of our action; and he
referred to there being no military recommend-
ation to sustain him. If so, he must have over-
looked the report of the Commanding General of
the Army, who states, as his opinion, that five
regiments are necessary—I quote from memory—
without any reference whatever to the troubles in
Utah. If the Senator overlooked that, I may offer
that additional information. But then he asks,
why should not the chairman of the committee
state how and where the troops are to be used; at
what stations, and for what purposes, against
whom, &c. That is not the business of the chair-
man; it is not within the power of the Senate.
The committee have no right to inquire and de-
termine where troops shall be stationed; the Sen-
ate have no power to prescribe where troops shall
be stationed. It is a total reversal of the whole
theory of our Government to assume that power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator misunder-
stands me. I did not attempt to assert or to inti-
mate that it was the business of the committee, or
the business of the Senate, to prescribe where and
how the Army should be used. What I desired
was, that we should have some statement from
some authority, from some persons acquainted
with the subject, to let us know the particular
points and purposes for which an increase was
required.
Mr. DAVIS. The report of the Secretary does
not go into minute details on that, point. He
refers generally to where they are to be used.
Nor could he for six months tell himself where he
would wish to use them. That will depend on a
party with whom he has no binding contract. It
must depend on the good peace of the Indians; it
must depend on the conduct of the people of Utah,
now known to be in a state of rebellion; it must
depend on those who are in astate of rebellion also
in the Territory of Kansas; and if reports be true,
there arc difficulties m other Territories. Itmust
depend upon how farinterference with our settlers
along the British boundary shall arise from the
instigation of the half-breeds of that country,
known to be one of the most formidable powers
in proportion to their numbers on the continent,
and who have long been instigated to hostility on
our people in that region. The Secretary could
not possibly tell for six months where he would
use the troops and state the numbers and regi-
ments that he would have at particular places. It
must depend on contingencies. All he could state
would be to give to us lus plan of campaign for the
spring, how many men he expected to send to
different places, and with what organization he
expected to send them; butltakeitforgranted the
Secretary did not suppose the Senate wished him
to do so.
Some other points have been urged against this
bill, which I will notice with thehope of removing
at least some of the objections. One which seems
most frequently to have^been presented, is the
amount of expenditure; and the conclusion is
drawn, as though it were a necessary sequence,
that in proportion as you increase the Army you
increase the expenditures of the Army. That is
not so. Jf you use one man to perform the duties
of five, you must then supply an amountof trans-
portation which makes that man equal to five,
if you move troops, as they have been moved,
over remote points on the frontier, distances
greater beyond the depot of supplies than any
European army has ever made a movement, you
must expect that it will cost money, and money
in no small amount. If you move them to meet
emergencies as they arise, unprovidod with the
means of transportation, other than the military
transportation which is kept at the posts, then
you must keep that military transportation up to
a standard thatirfVolves very heavy expense; and i
hence it is that this year you have a very large
deficiency on account of transportation. The pay
of the Army is constant; most of the expenses
are constant after you fix the point at which the
disbursements are to be made, except the trans-
portation. That is the great variable quantity,
and in proportion as you move the men, so you
must increase, and rapidly increase, the expend-
itures of each man who is so removed. I am not
able, and have not attempted, to make the calcu-
lation; I have not the elements on which the cal-
culation would depend; and I am not able, there-
fore, to state what increase would counteract this
great expenditure for transportation; but it may
be stated, as a general proposition, that there is
a certain increase in the number of men which
would relieve us from those expenses of trans-
portation, so that they would cost us less than the
use of the same number of men at many points j
where the transportation is very expensive.
As to the reduction, I think that follows from
the law; but jf it does not, I have no objection to
adopt any provision which in the minds of Sen-
ators may be necessary, as soon as the exigency
of the public service will permit, (they may fix a
day, or they may fix it by an event.) to reduce
the number of men per company as low as I think
any one here will say it should be reduced.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will suggest a modification of my
amendment to remove one difficulty in the way,
and make it read thus:
Such officers and men as shall be enlisted or raised under
this act, shall remain in 6-ervice only until order and tran-
quility shall have been established in the Territory of Utah;
and whenever that object shall have been established, in
the judgment of the President of the United States, the said
officers and men shall be disbanded.
That avoids the difficulty.
Mr. DAVIS. The proposition in the first sec-
tion of the bill contemplates a changG of organiza-
tion. I cannot accept the amendment, because it
does not contemplate a change of organization:
but, so far as the amendment goes to a reduction,
I have no objection, if the Senate think proper to
adopt the reduction in that form I think it will
answer all the purposes of the public service. 1
shall not insist on the mere idea of organization,
though I think the addition of two companies to
each regiment will be a better organization.
The other argument which I wished to notice
was, that troops stationed in the neighborhood
of Indians caused war. Now, I would ask from
what part of our history is that assertion drawn ?
One incident was only alluded to, and that was
an incident in Oregon; and the Senatorfrom New
Hampshire did mos't recklessly bring forward
that incident. I waive the—I shall not charac-
terize it further than to say the familiarity with
which he made a personal refercnct:; buthiscase
was one in which the outrage represented was
committed by troops not authorized by the United
States, but sent out under the territorial govern-
ment. The officer who made that very report on
which the Senator relied for his argument, was
then contending against the employment of such
irregular or volunteer forces, and insisting that
regular troops alone could preserve the peace on
the frontier; that if regular troops alone were
brought in contiguity with the Indians peace could
be preserved; and that peace was hazarded and
utterly destroyed by the presence of the territorial
militia. That was his argument, and from that
argument the Senator draws a single statement—
being his accusation ofJ>ad conduct against those
volunteers—and relies on it to show that when
troops come in contact with the Indians, war is
the result! The mere statement defeats his whole
object.
Then we were told to follow the example of
Penn, and to make treaties, and we should have
peace. Sir, the very troubles we now have in
Oregon and Washington naturally result from
the treaties which were made. It was part of the
view which I took when I first addressed the
Senate this morning, that these treaties extin-
guished the titles of the Indians to the land, drove
them back from the country in which they had
lived, where they had small fertile valleys, and
lived in a segregated condition. Driven back from
their old homes into a counCry not suited for agri-
cultural purposes, they were thus brought into a
concentration that rendered them effective, and
the wars are the result of that very policy of
making treaties. If there had been no treaties;
if the Indians had continued to live where they
were, and troops had been stationed near them, I
have no idea that the wars would have occurred.
So far from being the advocate of treaties with
the Indians, I think it is an absurdity. They are
pupils, wards in charge of the United States, and
liberal and humane terms should be made with
them; but they have no right to treat. They
have neither the intelligence nor the capacity to
understand or enforce a treaty. I think the whole
policy of the Government from the beginning, in
making treaties with Indians, has been entirely
wrong. Ours is the only Government that has
pursued it, and all other Governments have held
more peaceful relations with the Indians than our
own. We have been more liberal to them; we
have paid them larger sums of money; and, there-
fore, the conflicts which have resulted between
this Government and its Indian tribes must be
attributed to this policy.
I shall not follow Senators who have under-
taken to criticise the movement to Utah. lam not
