1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
itures without authority of law. No time better
than the present to check abuses, to remedy ad-
mitted evils, find to take a new departure. Let
us couple these appropriations with wholesome
and remedial legislation, and I call upon my ex-
cellent and valued friend, who has charge of this
bill, to take the lead. Let him not confine him-
self to the mere work of sanctioning the past—let
him provide for the future; the country will thank
him, and we are all ready to give him our confi-
dence $nd support, and follow him in the path of
reform.
Mr. MASON. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Virginia has expressed some views on this
subject which it was my intention to lay before
the committee 1 intend to vote against this bill.
It is a kind of omnibus bill. It is a log-rollins: con-
cern embracing items of every description. Those
of us who are disposed to vote for necessary ap-
propriations for the Government, are compelled
to vote against them because they are found in
such bad company. There are items here which
ought not to be here, and there are others which
ought to be greatly reduced.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have not time to refer to
all the points involved. I desire to confine myself
alone to a matter with which perhaps I am better
acquainted than with others. I will in particular
make a reply to some remarks of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Nichols.] I do not want to de-
fend myself or others who have heretofore made
allowances under these extra-compensation reso-
lutions. It is enough that they are now decided
to be illegal. The gentleman seems to be resolved
to adhere to precedent, whether the precedent is
good or bad. If the gentleman's party had ad-
hered to precedent so closely it would not have
stepped from its Philadelphia platform to vote for
the admission of a slave State. On that platform
the gentleman and other Republicans resolved
never to vote for the admission of another slave
State. His whole party has gone against that
platform, and have voted to admit a slave State
into the Union. Not only that; some of his Amer-
ican colleagues have voted—for what?
Mr. SEWAttD. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. MASON. I mil only illustrating my point.
The CfEAlRMA !V. The Chair does not see
how the gentleman's remarks arc in order.
Mr. MASON. 1 am showing in this way that
the position the gentleman has taken is not a con-
sistent or a good one. lie referred to the fact
that the Secretary of the Treasury, when a mem-
ber of the Committee of Accounts, and others,
allowed these claims for extra compensation under
a resolution of the House. So did I; but I say
now that the best way is to put a stop to any
further allowances by yielding obedience to the
recent derision of the Secretary of the Treasury
as to the legality of the practice. The gentleman
has changed the whole practice of his party on
the slavery question, and why should he not
change it here, to stop extravagant expenditure ?
Mr. Chairman, some gentlemen have argued—
and thnt wos tho ground taken hy the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Nichols]—that this is res a ({ju-
dicata—a law passed beyond redemption—and
that these men are legally entitled to this money.
The gentleman from Ohio says that we are act-
ing unjustly to the.se nmployes in lefusing to pay
them, although the employes of tho Senate have
been paid; and I understood him to intimate that
it was because the employes of the last House
were Americans and Republicans—that the Dem-
ocratic House is not willing to pay them this ex-
tra compensation Sir, I do not act from party
considerations. I oppose all illegal, unjust, and
unauthorized appiopnations fo - the benefitofany
party—ruy own as well as any other. But when
will the time ever come when we can put a stop
to these allowances? When I was here, some
six years ago, we passed a law to put a stop to
this system; and in the teeth of that law of the
Senate and House these accounts have been al-
lowed. And it is because it is illegal that the
question comes up here to-day, and you are called
upon to sanction this system. But we have got
you where we can have a vote by yeas and nays,
and where, if gentlemen vote to squander the pub-
lic money in this way, their constituents will at
least know it.
Now, sir, 1 have no disposition to be thought
hard-hearted, any more than any other gentle-
man. I have no antipathy to any of these em-
ployes, past or present. They have done me
many favors, and I have reciprocated them. I
have no desire to cut them out of any money to
which they are justly entitled. But have'they a
legal right to the money which the Committee of
Ways and Means provide for paying them in this
third section of the bill? I say they have none,
because you are called upon now to give them a
legal right to it. They cannot get this money
unless you pass a law for that purpose. The
question for you now is, whether you will pass
such a law or not; and not whether others have
passed it ? I have heard no gentleman defend this
provision because it is just and proper. If the
clerks and employes in the legislative department
are to have two or three hundred dollars apiece,
and from that up to *§4,000, why has not every
clerk in the executive and judicial departments
in Washington city a right to the same amount?
why is not every individual in the United States
entitled to the same amount? You certainly do
the executive and judicial employes m this city
injustice unless you pay them the same amount.
Do thfi executive employes receive higher salaries
than those here? Here is the Blue Book. The
messenger at the War Department gets $900 a
year, and the assistant messenger $600. You pay
your messengers here $1,500 a year, and the
assistant messengers $1,200. Do they perform
more service than the executive employes ? They
are employed here for only eleven months in every
two years—about eight months in one year, and
three months m the next; and you know how long
each day; and yet you pay them nearly twice as
much as is paid to the messengers at the execu-
tive departments, who have to woik all the year
round, and six hours a day.
And now what does this bill propose to do? It
proposes, after you have given the clerks, messen-
gers, and employes their reguiar salaries for serv-
ing time months during the last session of Con-
gress and twenty per cent, on top of that, to give
thorn fiom two hundred and forty to three hundred
dollarsapiece more. I am told that some of these
offices are perfect sinecures. I will give you one
or two instances. I take the case of Cornelius
Adams, librarian of the last House of Represent-
atives. He got last year $1,800 as his salary.
Tho messenger to the librarian—the messenger
who serves you in the room there—got $1,200.
The librarian had about as little to do as any one
in the city, and he got $1,800 for the year; he got
twenty per cent, on top of that for doing nothing;
and now the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
pose to give him $300 moiefor doing leas than
nothing. [Laughter.] There is no law for it. i
You make it the law by voting for it heio, and '
that is the only way in which he can get the [
money. The Secretary of the Treasury has very ;
properly endeavored to stop this thing, lie tells i
you it is not legal, and no gentleman here can con- j
tend that it is legal. Gentlemen refer to old pre- j
cedents, and they have attacked the Secretary of :
the Treasury because ten years ago, when he was ;
a member of the Committee of Accounts of this
House, he voted to give a disbursing clerk eight j
or nine hundred dollars. For what? For dis- j
bursing the contingent fund ? As 1 understand !
the facts, if. was for a sum of money that he had j
lost; that had been taken by somebody or there j
had been a miscount m some way, and as he was I
a very honest man the committee made it up to |
him. I understand that subsequent committees j
have supposed that to be a customary allowance j
and have held that it was a precedent. That is j
tho way precedents begin, and they ought to end |
thetc. As for this librarian, he has already had (
$1,800 for his three months' service, and twenty '
per cent, on that. I do not care what party he
belongs to. I do not know. 1 am not acquainted r
with the individual. Hut he got $3,600 for two
years and then $300 on top of that for one ses-
sion; and now, gentlemen, m this Congress seem
to be disposed to raise heaven and earth to give ■
him £300 more. And yet, if you come here with 1
a petition Irom some poor man in your district to i
get an honest claim of $300 allowed, these same j
gentlemen will oppose it and fi^ht ittlnough eveiy i
stage of tho proceeding. |
Well, then, there were fourteen pages regularly |]
employed m the last House who got their two j
dollars a day—fullv as much as a boy of ten or .!
twelve years of oge is worth; but, besides that, \\
at the end of the three months' session, they got P
each voted to them as extra compensation
Now, we have got as likely boys at the West as
there are anywhere; and why not, if two dollars
a day and $200 extra compensation is to be given
to boys, make a fair division and include them ?
You might as well do it as make these allowances
to your pages. I ask, are you doing justice to the
people and to your constituents when you squan-
der the public money in this unceremonious way
without law ?
Nor is that all. Besides these fourteen pages
allowed by law, there were eleven other boys
brought on the floor during the session; and a res-
olution was adopted givingthem two dollars a day
from the commencement of the session, and $200
extra compensation.
Then here are nine clerks employed in the land-
map business; one with a salary of $2,160, and
the rest with salaries of $1,800. They have act-
ually nothing whatever to do. What are they
for? When a section or half a section or a quarter
section of the public lands is sold, and the sale is
reported to the Land Office here, these clerks draw
a red or a blue line through the section on the map,
and that is all. The maps are not referred to by
twenty out of every million of people in the coun-
try. And yet, these clerks, with their already
large salaries, have had twenty per cent, added to
their salaries; and you arc called upon to vote for
this or else vote down the necessary appropria-
tions of the Government. I can bring facts and
figures to show you that three fourths of the em-
ployes about this Capitol can be dispensed with,
without detriment to the public service. *
Look at thisprinted Calendar; you payasmuch
for these blank sheets at the end and these blank
sheets in the middle as you do for what is printed
inside. You pay the printer sixteen dollars in-
stead of one dollar. So it is with all the blanks;
and it is the same with everything else. The pa-
per maker makes the profit on the paper; and the
printer on the printing; and thus millions of the
public treasure are squandered. There is not, in
j the whole wide range of executive expenditures,
I anything approaching the wasteful expenditure
I of the legislative branch of the Government; and
j you, the Representatives of the people, whose
duty it is to guard the public Treasury, stand here
i and countenance this wholesale robbery of it.
j Nor is that the only evil: by your wasteful
I extravagance, hundreds and thousands of office-
, seekers are attracted here from various parts of
j the country, and not being able to get into office,
i they become foot-pads and murderers, and so in-
fest the city that you have to embody a police
; force to protect citizens from murder and rob-
j bcry.
The third section directs tho accounting officer
of the Treasury to allow credit to the Clerk of
the House for such payments out of its contin-
1 gent fund as have been, or may be made, under
| allowances authorized by the House of Repre-
i sentatives during the last Congress. You pay
i $1,700 salary to men m your document-room,
when you can get thousands of good men to do
the same work for $1 50 a day. After getting
their regular salaries, as originally provided, thov
then get their twenty per cent, increase pay, anrl
then comes in the twenty per cent, which we aie
now asked to appropriate. Now, my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Nichols] has gone into an able argu-
ment to show the validity of the resolution voting
this extra compensation. I-ie says they have been
paid the money voted to them.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky one question. I desire to know
whether, if lie had been a member of the Com-
mittee of Accounts when these resolutions passed,
he would have disregarded the order of the House,
'and deebned to audit them ?
Air. MASON, i would have audited them,
having voted against the resolutions in the House.
But they have not been passed at the Treasury
Department, and now the Secretary of the Treas-
ury requests you to pass upon them again, when
you have got clear of the wine and oysters of the
last night of the session.
There is another point upon which I desire to
say a word. It is argued that the late Clerk of
the House has paid the sums voted in these res-
olutions. Now, sir, there is not a dollar paid
under this general resolution for extra compensa-
tion. Gentlemen may tell me that these certifi-
cates are hawked about town, and it may be, for
