416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26.
sufficiently informed of the facts in relation to it.
Why the movement was made at go late a period
as to arrest the march of that army in the mount-
ains, why the army was not able to reach Salt
Lake before the winter set in, depend on facts
which must be minutely examined before any
man, 1 think, can hazard an opinion. The delay
in starting is, known, for some portion of it, to
have been due to the -constant demands of the
executive of the Tenitory of Kansas that the
troops should not be withdrawn from that Terri-
tory in the then rebellious condition of a portion
of the inhabitants. What other causes existed,
I do not know. They may be sufficient to explain
the fact that the force now is locked up in the
mountains, unable to complete the campaign, and
exposed to all the horrors of a northern winter in
that elevated region. I think, however, it is fair
that Senators should at least wait until they are
in possession of all the facts, before they proceed
to criticise the movement and cast censure because
the campaign is arrested in the mountains at this
moment.
As to the economical consideration of the num-
ber of animals lost in the mountains, I eould not
see the application which was made of that branch
of the argument to the remark he had previously
made about the maintenance of a military force
on the frontier as an economical mode of protect-
ing- our citizens settled upon it. These troops on
their march to Utah, as is well known, were not
engaged in the duty of protecting the frontier in-
habitants; and whatever expense may attend the
movement, whatever loss may result from any
improper administration of the campaign, cer-
tainly does not at all apply to the argument I pre-
sented of the good economy of keeping a sufficient
force on the frontier to protect our frontier inhab-
itants.
Several Senators alluded to the use of the troops
on the frontier to maintain the laws in a Territory;
and one at least spoke of it as absurd to require
the troops to execute a law of the people them-
selves. Sir, I think that is answered by the few
extracts which I have mad from the correspond-
ence of the Governor of the Territory of Kansas.
He there found a party in open rebellion against
the Government, a party openly defying the ter-
ritorial government instituted by the organic act
of Congress, and all laws passed under it. That
troops should be necessary to execute laws on a
people thus standing in open defiance to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, seems to me to be
a proposition so plain that I am only surprised
anybody should say force was not required to
maintain or execute the laws under such circum-
stances. What the force should be is an open
question; but we all arc sufficiently familiar with
the history of that Territory, whilst very little of
it may be known accurately fn its details, to un-
derstand that if the men of either side had been
employed, if those who recognized the. territorial
government had been mustered into the service of
the United States Army, fed and paid to execute
the laws on those wiio defied their authority, it
would merely inflict a civil war, in which the Uni-
ted States would have been a party; and the only
practicable mode in which those laws could be
executed peacefully and without bloodshed, was
to employ men not having the excitement which
existed among the inhabitants of the Territory,
to wit, the troops of the United States, who have,
I believe, as lcmenily as possible, and with a for-
bearance which entitles them to high credit, main-
tained the peace of the Territory, and sustained
the civil authorities in the execution of the laws
of the land.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I wish to
call the attention of the Senate to the clause in
President Pieice's message to which I referred
in order to sustain the position which 1 assumed
in regard to the diffeient policy assumed by the
last and the present Administration. President
Pierce's message to Congress of January 2-iih,
185G, contains this clause:
•' But it is not the duty of the President of the United
Stales to volunteer interposition by force to preserve the
puuiy of election^, either in a State or Territory. To do so
would be subversive of public freedom."
The occasion of that statement by President
Pierce in that message, of winch I read only a
single sentence, was this: he was applied to on
tine part of the citizens of the Territory to defend
the polls against invasions from Missouri. Wc
all had heard, and we all knew, that whenever an
election was held in that Territory it was inter-
rupted and controlled by armed iSands of men
coming from the other side of the border, who
took possession of the polls, appointed their own
officers, and had their own election. In conse-
quence of that, when the Government of Presi-
dent Pierce professed its willingness to do ample
justice, and to see that peace and order were main-
tained in the Territory, an application was made
to him by certain citizens, in writing, stating the
facts—they have all been communicated to Con-
gress—and requesting him to interpose, not only
to preserve the peace of the Territory, but to
guard the polls, in order that there might be a
fair expression of public sentiment; and this is
his answer. He denies that there is any power
on the part of the United States by force to pre-
serve the purity of election; that is to say, to pro-
tect the polls in order that the people of Kansas
might have a fair opportunity to vote.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 deny that too.
Mr. F-ESSENDEN. Very well. That is what
I stated was the policy of President Pierce. I did
not undertake to quarrel with it; I made no com-
ment on it; but I said the present Administration
had adopted a different course. I said so, because
it is perfectly notorious that the present Adminis-
tration has used the United States troops for the
purpose of preserving the purity of elections, and
has stationed them about the polls at recent elec-
tions held in the Territory of Kansas. All I did,
and I think it was a perfectly just course for me
to adopt, was to call attention to the fact that, at
the period when the polls were constantly taken
possession of by people outside of the Territory,
the Government of the United States denied its
power to interfere; but the moment things were
changed, and the great majority of the people of
that Tenitory became competent to preserve the
polls themselves and take control of them, the
United States troops were then used for the pur-
pose of protecting the polls. It is a very singu-
lar fact to me, that the policy of the Government
should have changed so totally and so suddenly
as it did. The people of the country will draw
their own inferences from the facts. Such were
the facts, as i understand them, and as they are
admitted.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot see where the Senator
derives that position of the present Administra-
tion; nor do I possibly admit the facts which he
presents, in relation to armed bodies of men being
allowed to conquer and overturn the elections.
Those are statements which have been contro-
verted; but 1 did not intend to interrupt the Sen-
ator furtherthan, when he spoke of these matters
as being admitted, to say to him that I do not ad-
mit the facts he states.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not suppose the hon-
orable Senator admits the fact, and I did not call
on him to admit the fact, but the fact is clear
enough to the country. It is not denied there. It
is not denied in the message. The late President
simply denies the power to use the Army of the
United States for any such purpose. That was
his policy; but 1 say the policy of this Adminis-
tration, in point of fact, is different, because it is
notorious that the troops have been used for that
purpose since Mr. Buchanan came into power.
Mr. Walker used them. lie had a large number
of troops stationed at KickapoO, and at Leaven-
worth, and they were stationed there, as was said
in the public communications that were made, for
the purpose of protecting the polls of that Terri-
tory. I do not say that there was any bad motive
about it. I say the fact is singular, and presents
itself to the country for the people of the country
to notice and remark upon as they please, f say
the whole course of policy with regard to this par-
ticular point has been changed. Whether that
change was owing to the different state of things
in the Territory or not, it is not for rue to say.
Now, sir, with regaid to the statute of which I
spoke, its provisions arc very clear. The first
statute on the subject, the act of 1795, reads in
this wise:
{i Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives in Congress assembledf That whenever the Uni-
ted States sh.ili be invaded,or bj in nutriment ddngei of in-
vasion from any foreign nation, or Indian tribe, it shall be
lawful foi f4ie Pie.-iden? of the United State* to call forth
f-iieii immberot the mihnaoi the State oi State-; mo.-t con-
venient to tho plaee of daagei ot scene ot action, he
may judge neee^ary to icptl sneli invasion, and to issue
Ins order* for that purpy-e to such officer or officers of the
militia as he shall think proper. And in case of an insur-
rection m any State against the government thereof, it shall
be lawful for the President of the United States, on appli-
cation of the Legislature of such State, orof the executive,
when the Legislature cannot be convened, to call forth
such number of the militia of any other State or States, as
may be applied for, as he may judge sufficient to suppress
such insurrection.
" Sec. 2. tdnd be it further enacted, That whenever the
laws of the United States shall he opposed or tho execution
thereof obstructed, in any State, by combinations too pow-
erful to be suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial
proceedings, or by the poweis vested m the mir-hals by
thU act, it shall be lawful for the President of the United
States to call forth the militia of such State, or of any other
State or States, as may be necessary to suppress such com-
binations, and to cause the laws to be duly executed.,J
Upon these two sections connected with the
law afterwards passed in 1807, the argument is
founded that the President had a right to use the
Army, in order to cnforce the execution of the
laws of a Territory. Clearly no such power is
conferred on the President m this act in regard
to the use of the militia. The word " Territory"
is not in the act: it names no places where the
militia is to be used, except the States. The Pres-
ident has a right to call forth the militia, for the
purpose of suppressing insurrections, and he has
a right to use it for the purpose of preventing
obstructions to the laws of any State, or of the
United States. That is the extent of his power,
under the act which I have read. Then what is
the second law? It is a very short one: " that
in all cases of insurrection, or obstruction to the
laws either of the United States or of any indi-
vidual State or Territory, where it is lawful for
the President of the United States to call forth
the militia," &c., he may use the Army. Now,
"where" is it la\yful for the President of the
United States to use the militia? Anywhere but
in the States? There is no specific authority
except as to the States, What I said was, that
if he had that authority in the Territories, it
was by implication, and not by any positive pro-
vision of law.
But the difficulty is beyond that. It is that the
laws of a Territory are not the laws of the United
States. The President assumes to use the Army
under thfse provisions, for the purpose of doing
what ? For the purpose of enforcing the laws of
the Territory of Kansas. I cannot find, in either
of these statutes, any authority given to the Pres-
ident to use the militia for the purpose of pre-
venting obstructions to the laws of a Territory.
His authority to use the militia is confined to the
case of obstructions to the laws of the United
States; and I say that the law of a Territory,
passed by a Territorial Legislature, and approved
by the Governor, is not a law of the United States
in any shape or form, that I am able to under-
stand.
The point which I endeavored to make in refer-
ence to this matter was, in the first place, that
there is no specific authority given to use tho
Army in a Teiritory at all; and, in the next place,
that, if the President has any such power by im-
plication, it is only a power to cnforce the laws of
the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him whether he construes the word " where" to
refer to the locality, or to the conditions, the cir-
cumstances, the status, under which the militia
may be used ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iconstrue ittomean that,
whenever he has authority to use the militia, in
any place, for any purpose specified by the pre-
vious law, he may use the Army.
Mr. DAVIS. And the previous law recites un-
der what circumstances he may use the militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. But not at what place?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; but it speaks of
the purpose. I will not undertake to say, that
where there is an insurrection against the Gov-
ernment, the President may not use the Army;
but I am speaking of the specific use, and I say
he has no right to use the Army by these stat-
utes for the purpose of enforcing the laws of a
Territory, or preventing obstructions to the laws
of a Territory.
Mr. DAVIS. I was very reluctant from the
beginning to get involved in this theory about the
government of a Territory. My own opinion is,
that the law of a Territory, in the early period
of our history, was a law of the United States.
My own opinion is, that not until you struck off
the territorial bill the requirement that the laws
