1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
anything I know, that they have been bought up
lor ten cents on the dollar. Whoever may have
bought them, or whatever the employes them-
selves may have received, the Clerk has not paid
them, and the Clerk will not lose it. I ask, then,
why vote for paying this money, if you do not
intend to sanction the keeping up of these sine-
cure offices and the payment of extra compensa-
tion to the officers? It' gentlemen want to know
what money has actually been paid under these
resolutions, I will tell them: about eleven hun-
dred dollars. .
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has made a mistake of about fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. MASON. If you will leave it out of this
biil and go before the Committee of Claims, I will
show you that I am not mistaken.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEWARD. Ever since I have been in
Congress I have been opposed to our whole sys-
tem of legislation, [Laughter.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman from Georgia allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir, two of them.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I want to know
if the gentleman is also opposed to the institutions
of the country5
Mr. SEWARD. Public or private ? [Laugh-
ter.] Mr. Chairman, the appropuation of money
to pay these cleiks and employes about the House
I consider a question of good faith upon the part
of this House. The Hou^e cannot consistently
decline to make the appropriation without indors-
ing the odious doctrine of repudiation. Why,
sir, millions of the mono v of this Go vet nmcnt have
been spent under simple resolutions of the re-
spective Houses of Congress. Pnor to the pas-
sage of the general appropriation bills, your clerks
have bought books and distributed to the mem-
bers of the House, to the amount of two or tinee
hundied thousand dolkus every year, and you
might as well say that we should repudiate that
as to repudiate this. At the last session of Con-
gress your Clerk bought some books before the
appropriation was made for that purpose, and
Congress, acting in good faith, ratified the pur-
chase as far as the Clerk had gone.
Now, sir, I hold that while it was not a law—
for neither House can of itself pass a law—yet,
sir, as it has been the custom of the House to
gi\ c this extra compensation to its employes, you
cannot escape paying this money without a vio-
lation of your honor. I do not pretend to say
that the amount given to some of these employes
is not extravagant. 1 think it is excessive. But
as to one of the clerks alluded to, the one at your
desk and one in the Clerk's office, I think they
arc the worst paid men about the Government.
The business of this Mouse could not be well
carried on without them; and their compensation,
in my opinion, instead of being too much, ought
to be made equal to that of the Speaker of the
House.
Let us look at the matter for a moment. Here
arc the employes of this Houee, men who labor
for us, men who hunt up documents and examine
Journals, make out written statements, and labor,
week in and week out, for the accommodation of
the members; and they are selected to he the vic-
tims by the very men who receive their kindness.
And, 1 say, the clerks do more than their duty m
getting up information here for members, in fur-
nishing extracts, m hunting up authorities; and
thevarc frequently called upon by members even j
to draft bills for them, to be introduced into the !
House. And yet these are the men whom gen- !
tit-men say shall not be paid. !
Now upon the faith that the House would pay i
them this increased compensation, I have no
doubt these men have regulated their expenses in ;
the way of living. Members of this House know i
veiy well that Washington is an extravagant j
place to live in, and that since the passage of the '
new compensation bill they spend a good deal i
more money than they did when they received ;
only eight dollars per day. These gentlemen I
have no doubt regulated their own living in ac- i
cordanee with the promises of the House to pay j
them, and now it is proposed that we shall not
pay them, and that they shall meet their engage- .
inents out of the small salaries we pay them. It j
is not honest to refuse to pay them. That is my .
opinion, and on that ground I shall vote to pay
this money.
I said that I was opposed to the whole system
of legislation of this country, and I propose to
give the reason for it. Your rules are radically
wrong. They were molded to bring about a con-
currence between the heads of Departments and
the committees manufactured in this House to
carry out political purposes. It may not be known,
but it is true, that half of the appropriation bills
which are presented in this House are got up in
the Departments with marginal notes and the au-
thorities referred to, and are brought here to carry
out the edicts of those Departments. When the
appropriations are here ready to be acted on, your
rules say you shall not put anything on them un-
less it is to carry out some preexisting law. This
whole system in regard to deficiencies is wrong.
This ought to have been a bill providing for the
payment of the debts of the Government. It is
not a deficiency. I do not care what becomes of
the Army bill. I am not concerned, because I do
not think it is necessary to get into a difficulty
with Bngham Young. I think the whole expense
might be stopped. I think that everything con-
nected with our Army is got up on a too magnificent
scale. I want a law passed that no man connected
with the Army shall come to this city unless by
a special order, and a statement of the reason on
the part of the Secietary which induces him to
bring him here. I want to keep them away from
here to prevent them manufacturing these schemes
of extravagance. If we want to correct these de-
fects let us blot out the rules, because no man on
this floor can be a Representative of his constitu-
ency under them. He has to go to the Speaker
every morning, like a man in love has to visit his
sweetheart, in order to get any favor. Every man
has to go to the Speaker for 'he purpose of get-
ting the floor. You all know that kissing goes by
favor here. [Laughter.J Sometimes the Speaker
gets in the chair and he has a wry neck, and he
directs his head to one side of the House, and you
might cry until doomsday and he will not hear
you. When a matter is to be carried out and has
been agreed upon by certain friends, then the
rules aie subverted.' Why,sir, you will find on
your Journal decisions to sustain anythingin the
world except what is right, and 1 do not think
you will find a decision there for that purpose.
There may be\ an exception, however, and that
is when 1 make a point which is decided in my
favor. [Laughter.] J should like to see a com-
mittee raised to revise these rules.
Mr. Chairman, there is another thing. I would
make it a pen.il offense for any member of Con-
gress to write a letter to a head of Department for
information. The Constitution never contem-
plated any such system. When the President
communicates to either branch of Congress at
the opening of the session, his duty is performed;
and all your legislation imposing certain duties
on the heods of Departments, to make estimates,
and yend them into these Houses, is a violation
of the spirit of the Constitution. I wish there
was a wall between them that could not be scaled,
and with nothing but a little hole to get through
when it was absolutely necessary that anybody
should go through. It is this system which be-
gets this extravagance. A thing occursm Con-
gress, and a member writes to a Department. He
gets an answer. Then, sir, he gets up in this
House and reads it, and it is spread upon your
record. The records are crowded all over with
them, and we have to pay for them. I hope that
will be cut off. I hope my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. M\sox] will give it Ins attention. I refer
to my/riend, who made a speech this morning,
which, like the preacher's prayer, had in it every-
thing in the world, and the suburbs thereof.
[Laughter.] We ought to have a law passed
preventing the printing of these letters, <fcc., from
the Departments, m the Globe. If we did we would
save more than sixteen hundred or ten thousand
dollars. That is a great deal. I do not want to
hear from the Departments. I want the Capitol
removed from them, or they from the Capitol. I
want to get clear of them.
Mr. MASON. Does the gentleman allude to
me as having written letters to the Globe?
[Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; I say that a consid-
erable amount of money could be saved by pro-
hibiting the receipt of letters from the Depart-
ments and theirbeingprinted in the Globe. I said
the gentleman ought to look to this, if he wants
to economize the Government expenditures. ,
Mr. MASON. Make the motion, and I will
vote for it. *
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman strikes atlit-
tle matters. He does not want to pay-the clerks*
He will take his &3,000 a year, and voted for the
bill under which he and myself get that much a
year; and I do not regret that vote. But this thing
of the clerks' compensation, I think, is a small
-matter to be serious about. Then there are these
little boys here. Most of these are orphans. We
are apt, too, to complain because we do not get
a boy appointed, whom we wish to get a place
for. I tried to get a boy appointed, and the Door-
keeper said he could not appoint him. I was sat-
isfied with that. I have put nobody in office here
from my State, that I know of. We make war
sometimes on the officers of the House, because
we cannot get offices for those of our friends who
want them. Let us furnish them with authority,
, and they will furnish those we want with places.
But all this does not furnish us with an excuse for
not paying our honest debts.
Mr. MASON. Does the gentleman say I have
complained ?
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman talked about
little boys in the West. He wanted to have them
provided for. I do not want anybody from the
South to come here and ask for office. It is the
most demoralizing place in the world; and the
very moment a man gets here he becomes tainted.
A man cannot take care even of his own boys. If
we keep on doing as wo have, we shall soon have
a nation of paupers. Our people are being taught
that#the Treasury is a sort of almshouse, and that
they have the right to come here and fasten them-
selves on it. Instead of teaching them that they
are to sustain the Government, the lesson taught
is that the Government will sustain them. I do
j not want the people of the South, and especial-
j 3y of Georgia, to look to Washington to be fed.
j They can find at home honorable and remunera-
tive employment, and there their morals will not
be corrupted.
I have little more to say. I ask this House, in
good faith, to pay these us employes the money
which is honestly due them. Do not let us com-
mence economy by striking at these men, who
are poor, and who live upon their salaries, when
millions are demanded from other quarters and
voted.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Virginia, in the opening of his remarks,
uttered a sentiment which I heartily indorse; and
it is, that there is ail evident and growing dispo-
sition, on the part of the executive department of
the Government, to absorb all of the powers of
the legislative bianch. This is evidenced in the
history of the few preceding Congresses. We
find that this system of deficiency bills is rapidly
giowing; and that, unless it is cheeked by the
legislative department of the Government, there
is no telling where it will end.
We have a deficiency hill here of over eleven
million dollars, and, as was well remarked by
some gentleman who preceded me, before we get
through with it no man can tell what will be the
amount of it. I appeal to gentlemen here, not as
a partisan, but I ask each gentleman who repre-
sents a constituency upon this floor, whether we
should not pause and consider well the question
whether we will not chock this thing when we
have the power? What do you find in this hill ?
You find a deficiency for the Army of between
three and four million dollars, with an antici-
pated appropriation of nearly five millions dol-
lars. Now, when the friends of the Administra-
tion talk to me about this being a party measure,
I ask them if we should not at least make the ap-
propriations in accordance with the rules of the
House and the laws upon the statute-book ? Shall
we put into deficiency bills that which docs not
properly belong to them ? Shall we anticipate
appropriations amounting to millions of dollars
which are not even claimed to be deficiencies?
Now, sir, 1 will go as far as any gentleman
upon this floor to correct the abuses which exist
in Utah. I am in favor of using the strong arm
of the Government for the purpose of suppress-
ing the outrages existing in that Territory. I say
that it is our duty, as the Representatives of the
people, to do it. But I say that, when the Com-
