1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
465
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
manufacture atleast $250,000,000. Look at some
of the leading items. I shall use only round num-
bers:
Of woolen goods we imported last year $99,000,000
Cotton  28,700,000
Silk    30,850,000
Iron and steel   .  28,300,000
Carpetings    2,000,000
Linen  12,000.000
Embroideries    4,500,000
Laces  1,500,000
Of these eight different classes of articles ,amoun t-
ing to nearly one hundred and forty million dol-
lars in the last fiscal year, we could, with proper
encouragement, manufacture nearly or quite the
whole. We have the requisite capital; we have
the necessary raw materials, or can produce them
on due notice; we have the essential machinery,
or the genius to invent it, or the capacity to copy
it from foreign models. We have the needed man-
ufacturing skill, in the heads and hands of our
people, native-born or imported; indeed, our coun-
try teems with foreign mechanics and artisans,
anxiously waiting to be employed in their accus-
tomed trades. We have water-power in greater
abundance than any nation on earth, and we can
create steam-power to an incalculable extent. All
we want, then, to manufacture these one hundred
and forty millions annually here at home, is to
convince the people that their manufacturing es-
tablishments had better be set up and carried on
in Massachusetts, New York, Wisconsin, Vir-
ginia, Tennessee, and Missouri, and their sister
States, than in England, Scotland, France, Bel-
gium , Germany, and Russia, and other European
countries.
Numerous other articles of manufactured goods
fall under the same category with those already
named. We import annually of copper manu-
factures about three millions; oftinmanufactures,
about six millions; of lead and zinc manufactures,
more than three millions; of gold and silver man-
ufactures, including watches, about six millions;
ofglass and earthen manufactures, nearly six mil-
lions; of paper manufactures, about one million;
of leather and leather manufactures, nearly five
millions. Thus it seems that, of these ten kinds
of fabrics, we annually import from abroad some
thirty million dollars. Does any one doubt that,
with proper encouragement to our own capital and
skill, we could manufacture on our own soil nearly
the whole range of articles embraced in this list ?
Turning, for a moment, to inquire in respect to
some otherarticles which we largely import, I find
that—
Of molasses, we import annually §8,000,000
Of sugars   -   ,.... .43,000,000
Of wines  4,400,000
Of spirits ,5,000,000
Of tobacco and cigars 5,600,000
Here we have a sum total of $66,000,000 in
these five articles—articles good, bad and indiffer-
ent in their quality, which we annually import
from abroad. Perhaps it would be impossible,
or, if possible, unwise to attempt to produce the
whole of this amount at home. I will not dwell
upon these items, as they lie rather " out of my
line." They must be looked after by those having
them specially under their eye.
I might enumerate other classes of goods, but
there is not time now, nor urn i endeavoring to
make a tariff speech, but only trying in a sum-
mary way to show, that of the $350,000,000 more
or less, which we have been annually import-
ing from abroad for several years past, at least
$250,000,000 can and ought to be manufactured at
home. Nor have I time to show by elaborate
argument, that a tariff policy which would enable
us to do this, would not, as has been sometimes
supposed by superficial thinkers, be beneficial
only to the manufacturer, and be fostering one
kind of business at the expense of other kinds.
A system that would impel American capital,
skill,and labor, to manufacture these $250,000,000
annually, on our own soil, and, in due time to
manufacture another $250,000,000 annually to be
exported to other countries, would directly benefit
not only the manufacturers, the mechanics, and the
artisans, and the laborers of all sorts who produced
these various fabrics, but would equally benefit
all other classes of business men in the country:
as, for example, the sheep-grower, the planter,
and the miner, who furnished the wool and the
cotton, the iron and the coal, consumed in these
New Series—No. 30.
manufacturing establishments; and the farmer
who provided the meat and the breadstuff®, and
the gardener who raised the vegetables and the
fruits on which the mechanics and artisans daily
fed, and the merchant with whom they did their
trading, and the banker who furnished the mone-
tary facilities to the capitalists who had embarked
their means in manufacturing, and the ship-owner
and the mariner who were employed in trans-
porting the fabrics to distant nations of the earth.
In a word, if it be beneficial to a people, and
tends to promote their independence, that they
raise their own daily food out of their own soil,
it must be equally beneficial to them, and tend also
to promote their independence, that they produce
at home the woolen and cotton fabrics with which
they cover their backs, the hats they wear on their
| heads, the shoes they put on their feet, the carpets
' that adorn their floors, the watches that tell them
when to he down and when to rise up, the linen
| on which they rest at night, the blankets that
' cover them while they slumber, the knives and
the forks with which they eat their daily food,
the goblets in which they drink the health of their
friends, the leaden bullets and the steel blades with
which they take the lives of their enemies, the iron
rails on which their locomotives dash through their
valleys and over their plains, the anchors and the
cables that hold their shins, while riding out the
; storms of the arctics and the hurricanes of the
j tropics, and, in a word, the gorgeous silks with
j which they adorn the wives whom they love so
! well, and the very bunting of the star-spangled
| banner, that they will defend with their latest
| breath ! A wise people, a free people, will never
\ rely upon the capital and skill of alien nations for
] the necessaries and luxuries of life, the essentials
I of existence and comfort, and the very emblems
j of their power and their independence.
j Now, sir, only about two million dollars are re-
: quired for tlae purpose of preserving and securing
i the harbors of the country, and rendering them
j accessible to our commerce. This is a sum no
greater than has been voted to this District of
Columbia for unimportant objects — less by
| $1,000,000 than was voted to-day for three use-
| less regiments of volunteers. I will cheerfully
: vote for such a loan as shall secure this object;
J but I cannot give my support for any loan bill,
(except it be for the defense of the country,) un-
| less provision be made for this imperatively neccs-
i sary purpose of preserving and repairing our di-
' lapidated harbors.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Thursday, May 27, 1858.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 343) making appropriations for
repairing the piers at the harbor of Sheboygan,
Wisconsin, which proposes to appropriate $5,000
for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr.PuGH] yesterday offered an amendment
to this bill, adding to it all the other harbor bills.
Shall the amendment be read ?
Mr. HUNTER. I want it read.
Mr. PUGH. It is not necessary to read it. I
will state that I have not put on, as the Chair re-
marks, all these appropriations; but I have put
on all those which the Committee on Commerce
reported for the repair and preservation ot works
already commenced, together with the appropri-
ations for contingencies, and for preserving the
steam dredges thathavc already been constructed.
Mr. CLAY. I ask that the amendment be read
The Secretary read it, as follows:
jlnd be it further enacted, That theie be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in Tlx; Treasury not othct-
wi&e appropriated, the sum of $10,000, foi repairing the
works at the harbor of St. Joseph, Michigan, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money m the Tieasury not othei-
! wise appropriated, the sum of $'9,588, forrepanirig the woiks
j at the haibor of Monroe, Michigan, to be expended under
, the direction of the Secretary of War.
! And be it further enacted. That the gum of $23,4*21 be,
i and whereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Tioas-
i ury not otherwise appropriated, for deepening and widen-
! jng the channel through the St. Clair fl<its, Michigan, to be
I expended under the direction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted. That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other
wise appropriated, the sum of $26,14315, for securing.and
repairing the works at the harbor of Cleveland, Ohio, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is bqreby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, $30,000, for repairs upon the works at
Huron harbor, Ohio, to be expended under the direction of "
the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $16,940 96, for repairs upon
the works at Clack River harbor,Ohio, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That there be, and Is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $8,679 55, for repairs upon
the works at Grand River harbor, Ohio, to be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretary of War,
Jind be it further enacted} That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $6,620, for repairing the works
at the harbor of Ashtabula, Ohio, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $5,020, for repairing the works
at the harbor of Conneaut, Ohio, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $8,638, for the immdiate repair
of the piers at Erie harbor. Pennsylvania, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
And be. it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $5,299 96, for the immediate
repair of Dunkirk haibor works, New York, to be expended
under the duecuon of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enactcd, That there be, and is hereby,
appi opi tated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise uppropnated, the bum of $27,679 35, for repairing the
public works at Buffalo harbor, New York, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $9,736 65, for repairing the
pieis o{ Oak Oichard haibor, New York, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $41,084 34, lor repairing the
public works at Genesee harbor, New York, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of.$40,806, for repairing the piers
at riodus Bay haibor, Wayne county, New York, and for
dredging between the channel piers, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the s uni of $46,391 14, for immediate re-
pans lequned for the preservation of Oswego harbor, New
Yoik, to he expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War.
And be it further cnacted, That there be, and the same is
hejpfoy, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appiopuated, the sum of $2,186 40, for repair^ of
the piers at Burlington, Vermont, to be expended under the
diicction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Tieasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $110,000, for completing the
improvements in the raft region of Red river, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is liereby,
appropriated, out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $10,000, for the preservation
of steam dredges and appurtenances, to be expended uuder
the direction of the Secretary of War.
And be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appiopuated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropuated, the muu of $-20,000 for unforeseen con-
tingencies of lake harbors, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit the following ad-
ditional section as an amendment to the amend-
ment:
i And be it further enacted, That for the purposes of this
: act and to execute all improvements of harborsor rivers for
j which appropriations may be made by law during the pres-
I ent session of Congress, the President shall be authorized
! to borrow so much money as may be made necessary by
• these appropriations, on the credit of the United State*, at
an interest not exceeding six per cent., for a term of not
: more than ten years, the said money to be borrowed uuder
! the s>anie limitations and restrictions and m the same man-
nei as prescribed by the act entitled " An act to authoi lze
> a loan not to exceed the sum ofsixteen millions ol dollars,"
i approved March 3,184b.
I Mr. President, I understand we are about to
1 vote for a large appropriation, amounting, ae the
; chairman of the Committee on Commerce in-
,! forms me, to nearly six hundred thousand dollars,
j1 for objects for which we have no estimates from
j| the Departments. We are about to make this
j| addition to the estimates of the next fiscal year,
I; which has not been asked for by the Executive,
h and it seems to me that those who are thus vot-
i; ing it are bound at least to supply the means by
