1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mil
lect the public business, it seems to me the ar-
gument will be on the other side of the question;
that it is the pay the members come here for, and
not to transact the public business. I voted for
fixing next Monday as the day of adjournment;
but if the public business is such as to require it,
I will vote to prolong the day of adjournment,
and let the public business be dispatched in a
proper manner.
Mr. SEWARD I hope the mover of the reso-
lution will withdraw it, and let me call up my
resolution for the prolongation of the session, and
take the sense of the Senate on that.
Mr. HUxVTER. I would rather have the vote
on my resolution. Let us take the sense of the
Senate on that. The Senator from New York
can try the sense of the Senate on his proposition
hereafter.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I shall vote against this
resolution, in order to take up mine.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from New
York will bring up his resolution, and let us have
a tost vote on that.
Mr. SEWARD. I will do so the first moment
I get the opportunity.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is the resolution of the Senator
from Virginia. Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will make but a single re-
mark on that subject. I have been an observer
of the course of legislation for several sessions,
and I have seen this recess system, I think, effect-
ually tried. It seems to me that the attention of
the niembeis is rarely called to a subject under
debate after dinner.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas will pause for a moment. The Chair re-
grets that he feels obliged to call Senators to or-
der. There is great confusion m the Chamber.
Mr. HOUSi ON. I will raise my voice, Mr.
President, and try if [ can drown the surrounding1
noise; but 1 think it doubtful.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair requests
Senators to come to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I have ob-
served that gentlemen are about the lounges and
in the reception room, at evenings, after a recess
has been taken and the Senate has reassembled,
so that there are but a few persons attending to
business. Indeed, I have often seen it when there
were but tlnee in the Hall, the President, the one
that was engaged on the iloor, and one other in
reserve to occupy tho residue of the time. I think
that at evening sessions matters are hurried
through without consideration, and without any
degree of vigilance or carc. For that reason I am
not in favoi of voting for a reccse. I am willing
to meet at any hour in the morning; I am willing i
to vote for the prolongation of the session; I am I
willing to do anything that will dispatch, in a be- i
coming manner, the public business of the coun- !
try; but I am not in favor of a recess, having the [
experience I have had of the manner m which busi-
ness is transacted under the recess system. For :
that reason I cannot vote for a recess; but! think |
the adjournments ought to be legular; our meet- i
ings ought to be regular; our adjournments at four i
or four and a half o'clock, and you may say meet I
at nine o'clock in the .morning. I am willing to '
do that. 1
Mr. SEWA.RD. I offer the resolution which !
J introduced a day or two ago to prolong the ses- '
f.;on, as a substitute for the resolution now before j
the Senate offered by the Senator from Virginia, j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lias
doubts whether it is in order. The resolution of j
the Senatorfrom Virginia is not a joint resolution ;
but that, of the Senatorfrom New York is a joint 1
resolution. j
Mr. IiUNTER.. I suggest to the Senatorfrom 1
New York, whether he had not better take the
sense of the Senate on his proposition separately. ;
Xvlr. SEWARD. Very well. I
Air. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the res- !
ohmon of the Senator lrom Virginia, before the j
words "until otherwise ordered," by inserting 1
the words " and will not continue such sessions j
beyond ten o'clock, p. m." \
Mr. JIUNTER. I hope tho Senator will not J
press that amendment. Pie had better leave that
i:uiKer to the Senate. i
WILSON. I hope the amendment pro- j
posed bv the Senator from Illinois will not be :
adopted; but that the proposition made by the
Senator from Virginia will be adopted and adhered
to. I voted against fixing this early day of ad-
journment. I did not believe it right then, and I
do not believe it right now; but I find Senators,
who were fierce then to fix the day, now say that
we are paid by the year, and ought to sit here.
They ought to have thought of that before they
fixed the day of adjournment. I think we may
possibly get through this week, by meeting even-
ings, meeting early, working hard, and making
short speeches. 1 am in favor of adopting the
proposition made by the Senator from Virginia,
as the only proper and practical one; and if, to-
wards the close of the week, we find that we can-
not get through, let us then adopt the proposition
made by the Senator from New York.
Mr. GWIN. I hope tins resolution will be
! voted down, and that we shall extend the time of
j the session. It is perfect folly to think that we can
1 get through legislation, if we have to commence
' now holding evening sessions, with any degree of
i accuracy. I hope this resolution will be voted
■ down, and that then we shall have a vote on the
■ resolution of the Senator from New York.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. I am in favor of the retf-
■ olution offoicd by the Senator from Virginia, be-
| cause I believe it will be very much better for us
! to go away at four and return at six o'clock, and
| work two or three hours in the evening, than it
| will bo, to keep on aswe have been doing. It will
j be accompanied with a less degree of exhaustion,
. and more benefit to ourselves and the country. I
' am opposed to taking a vote on extending the ses-
i sion until we find that it is absolutely necessary.
If it should become absolutely necessary, we can
do it at a subsequent period. 1 am perfectly cer-
tain, in my own mind, that, if we endeavor to do
it, and spend as little time as may be absolutely
i necessary in talking, we can get through with all
I the public business before the day fixed for ad-
journment; but, if it be found that the inteiests
: of our constituents require that we should sit a
! few days longer to dispose of private business, I
; would not object to that; for I tlunk the Private
j Calendar has been too much neglected. But, in re-
' gard to tho public business, I have no doubt that
i we ran finish it if we endeavor to do so. I hope,
! at any rate, we shall make the experiment. 1
i have no fears that, at evening sessions, we shall
not behavQ here decently. We are an older set
! of men than the members of the House, and I
' have not heard complaints of their behaving very
; improperly, although they have had evening ses-
1 sions for some time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of staying
1 here just as long as is necessary to do the busi-
! ness in reasonable hours, but I do not believe at
' all in punishing; ourselves by sitting through the
, night and endangering our health in order to close
J this session at a particular day. I think if we
| meet daily at eleven o'clock, and continue in
session fur five hours, and then meet again at
seven and continue until ten, making eight hours,
it is as many hours as wc ought to bo required to
sit; and, in fact, I am opposed to evening ses-
sions at all, and shall vote against this resolution.
I think live or six hours is Ionic enough for the
daily sessions to continue. Business is pressing
on us, and we want time to consider it, and do it
properly. I cannot conceive why there should
be this immense pressine to close the. session on
a particular day, and force us to ni<rht sessions,
which aio always attended with evil 
Air. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question '
Mr. TRUAICULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON, i want to ^rIc Mm if he did
not vote to fix tins day ; 1 ln've his name on the
yeas and nays voting to fix this pnittcular day.
Air. TRUMimLL. I thin kit very probable that
I did, but I will vote to unfix it when it becomes
necessary. Because 1 voted a month ago to fix
a day, and I find that we shall not get through
the business by that d;<v, am £ to be to!d that I
cannot extend the turn ? It matters not whether
I voted to fix the day or not. I wns for an early
adjournment then, I am for an early ndjouVnment
now—as early ns is consistent wth the business
before Congress, and wnh allowing le^sonable
time for us dispatch; but I am not tur adjourning
to-day week, if, m order to accomplish it, I have
got to sit here every night between this and next
Monday. I think ni^ht sessions are very un-
profitable. Menget worn out,arid improper legis-
lation takes place. Men cannot sit here through
twenty-four hours and keep a-watch on every bill
which comes up. The extravagant, improper ap-
propriations are all made af such times. It has
now become the practice that the genera) legis-
lation of the country is put on to appropriation
bills; and why? Because it is supposed, under
the pressure of an appropriation bill, and the
short time allowed for Us consideration, it can be
got through the Senate when it could not be got
through standing on its own merits. I hope that
the resolution will not be adopted at all; but if it
is to be adopted, I think we should modify it so
that we shall not continue the sessions later than
ten o'clock at night.
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, I hope very
much that the resolution offered by the Sena-
tor from Virginia will be adopted. I find in the
coursc of the discussion here but three points in
the matter. To one of them, those who have
discussed the question have not given that atten-
tion to which it is entitled. It is that the reso-
lution for adjournment has been passed by both
Houses, and the Senate cannot repeal it. This
is the attitude in which the Senate stands unques-
tionably. We may repeal the joint resolution
as far as our action Is concerned, but the other
Mouse may refuse to agree to it. In this condi-
tion, when by the almost unanimous action of
the Senate wc have concurred with the House in
fixing a day of adjournment, and that day the
7th of June, the Senator from Virginia comes
before us, and asks us to give the means of
consummating the public business, other gentle-
men who do not want to adjourn, who did not
want to adjourn at the time the resolution was
adopted, and who do not want to adjourn now,
for one reason or for another, it is immaterial to
me what, propose to extend the time. I venture
' to say that every gentleman who wishes to extend
the time will vote against the adoption of this
resolution which will promote the transaction of
the pubic business.
The majority here did fix a day for adjourn-
ment, and the majority are called upon to carry
out that resolution by transacting the public bus-
iness, which it is apparent is not to be transacted
in tune to meet the day of adjournment, unless
i this resolution be agreed to. Why shall we not
I grant it? I see no reason. Even if you adopt a
i lesoiution which repeals the present day fixed
I for adjournment, the proposition ought to he
| granted as proposed now by the Senator from
I Virginia, because you do not know that the House
; will concur in repealing the joint resolution for
j adjournment. To say that we will not provide
I for continued and longer sittings to attend to the
| public business, is to declare that wc intend the
; public business shall not be transacted, and we
know if the business should not be transacted,
I Congress, even if U should adjourn on the 7th
will be called back again, and in that way Con-
i gress would be forced, with or without their will,
by the refusal to transact business, to repeal the
joint resolution as it stands. That is our situa-
tion. Suppose the sense of the Senate be taken
on repealing the joint resolution for adjournment
and we agree to do it, we must send our action
to the House and it will require their concuirence;
stilt it is but just to the public business and to
the past action of the Senate, that we should
adopt the proposition made by the Senator from
Virginia for the immediate and as rapid as pos-
sible transaction of the public business.
Now, as for the proposition of the Senator from
Illinois, which is the third one before us, it is to
declare that at ten o 'clock at night we shall have
an adjournment. I suppose that empowers and
requires the Cliair, at ten o'clock, to declare that
the Senate stands adjourned, without a vote. _ Ev-
ery one, who is a close observer of the business
of the Senate, knows that whenever there is a bill
before the Senate to which there is any earnest
opposition, it is debated; and if such a proposi-
tion were adopted, n would be very easy to con-
tinue a discussion from the hour of nine to the
hour of ten, and thus defeat it. ft is idle to sit
here if two or three men can talk until the bout
of ten o'clock and compel an adjournment, thus
wasting the voiy time we have piovided for busi-
ness. i do not think that proposition ought to
be adopted under any circumstances; but 1 really
cannot think that we ought to reject the resolu-
