466
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
■way of giving him authority to make such a loan
as may be necessary for that purpose.
I know that yesterday and the day before, when
the loan bill was up, many Senators opposed that
bill upon certain grounds which would apply to
this proposition when it is presented to the Sen-
ate; but they were so obviously untenable that
I think I shall be able to show that there is no
obstacle in the objections which were then pre-
sented that should prevent them from now pro-
viding the means for this appropriation, which
they are about to add to the annual estimates of
the Departments.
I know, sir, that they objected to that loan bill,
which was indispensable to carry on this Govern-
ment, which was indispensable for the support of
your Army and your Navy, upon the ground that
we would not agree tointroduce amendments upon
it which were designed to alter the existing mode
of calculating the ad valorem duties, which amend-
ments, as was shown upon that occasion, would
have added largely to the revenues to be derived
from this mode of taxation. I know, too, that
they objected to a loan in addition to this, because
they said that, in this time of deficiency, we were
bound so to add to the tariff as to provide the
Government with the means and with the reve-
nues to meet the expenditures. I think it will
be easy to show that the objection which they
raised to the fact that we provided for a loan, and
would not agree to provide any means of altering
the old mode of calculating the ad valorem system,
ia notfoundcd on reason, because it is the system
on which wo have been acting ever since 1793.
From that day to this, as I am informed at the
Treasury Department, it has been the unbroken
usage bo to construe the law, in relation to costs
and charges, as to impose the duty on the costs
and charges at the port from which the article is
shipped—the port from which it is imported. I
know that the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Simmons] said this was a false construction of the
law, and that he luid set up, in a report which he
presented to this body, his opinion that all the
Departments and all these authorities have been
wrong in regard to this matter, I might almost say
ab urbe condita. But, sir, against that opinion of
his, that this is a false construction of the law, I
set up the unbroken usage of the Department, the
unbroken construction of all the Secretaries of
the Treasury, and all the collectors, from thatday
to this. I set up the legislative exposition in 1823,
when, in amending the oath which the consignee
was to take, Congress required that he should
swear that the invoice contained these costs and
charges, which of course must have been the for-
eign costs and charges, for the invoice was made
out at the port from which the importations were
shipped. 1 stand on the exposition which has
been given by the Federal courts, the courts of the
land, on a case made in relation to this very matter.
Judge Nelson decided, in the case of Grmnell vs.
Lawrence, (Blatchford's Circuit Court Reports,
vol. 1, page 349,) that—
" In each case coRtaaml charges arc to ho added, as pro-
scribed ia the enacting clause; and the cosi.h and charts
in tlik case aie tlio^e which have been incurred at the port
of shipment."
Now sir, I say upon all this, it has been the
construction of the law made by all Secretaries
of the Treasury and concurred in by the country
and sustained by the highest tribunals in the land,
that the mode in which we are now estimating
the duty is the mode which the law requires and
the history of the Department shows that it has
been the unbroken usage, from 1795 to this time,
so to assess and to lay the duties; and because
we will not depart from that usage, now more
than sixty years old, gentlemen say they will not
vote for a loan to satisfy the wants of the Gov-
ernment. Why was not that objection made
heretofore ? It might as well have been made to
any loan that ever was made. Surely it can with
as much propriety be made to the appropriation
bills as to the loan bill, because if you will not
vote the means of satisfying the appropriations
surely you ought not to vote for the appropria-
tions themselves. And yet, gentlemen raise an
outcry and a clamor about the frauds of this sys-
tem which has been sanctified by an experience
so Jong, and rather seek to cast reproach upon
us because we do not, in the face of the Consti-
tution, which forbids us to originate revenue bills,
attempt to depart from that time-honored system
which has been justified by experience itself.
Now, sir, if these frauds exist, why do not the
gentlemen show them ? We are not to rest upon
loose assertion; we are not to rest upon the clam-
ors of persons who are often interested in getting
them up. If these frauds existed to the extent
that is alleged, they ought to be shown in the re-
ports of our courts; they ought to be shown in
the records of the Treasury Department; they
ought to be facts that are patent. Some of the
investigating committees, which have been ori-
ginated for that purpose, ought to have shown
them. Such committees have been originated, and
they have resulted in nothing. On the contrary,
you find that the late Secretary of the Treasury,
Mr. Guthrie—I quote from memory—in his letter
on home valuation, says that the present mode
of laying the duties has not resulted, as far as he
knows, in many cases of fraud. We know, too,
that the highest inducements are held out to the
public officers to detect frauds, if they exist, be-
cause they are given a part of the fines, the pen-
alties, and the forfeitures; and if, with such stin,-
ulantsand such inducements as these, none have
been detected and exposed, wi th what face can gen-
tlemen rise here, and assert and expect us to be-
lieve, and act upon the belief, that these frauds
exist to the extent alleged ? Why, sir, they attempt
to eke out the absence of positive testimony by cir-
cumstantial evidence; and what sort ofcircu mstan-
tial evidence? The Senator from Rhode Island,
in order to show it, says that we have been cheated
during the whole period of the existence of the
tariff of 1846 by undervaluation, because the im-
portations did not yield what they ought to have
done in the way of duty; and how does he pro-
pose to estimate what they ought to have yielded?
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not say that. I do not
know but that it will hurt the gentleman's argu-
ment to have me coneot hiin.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood the Senator from
Rhode Island to say, that because they did not
yield what the importations that were brought m
ought to have yielded, in his opinion, the Govern-
ment must have been cheated by undervaluation.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; 1 did not say any
such thing. Those facts were not stated by me
to show the frauds. 1 stated that there might be
circumstances to induce more importations in one
year than the average; that tliey would vary from
year to year. I did not rely on that as an evi-
dence of fraud; but I alluded to the report of Mr.
Guthrie, who said a great many fabrics had their
names changed so as to get them in under lower
schedules.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood the Senator from
Rhode Island to assume that the true mode of es-
timating the revenue to be derived on imports was
by averaging the duties; that is, by adding up the
: different schedules and dividing them by the num-
ber of duties. Am I wrong in that?
Mr. SIMMONS. That is the way to find the
average rate of duty.
Mr. HUNTER. It is by that average rate of
duty we are to estimate, in his opinion, what we
are to receive from the tariff; because he said un-
der the present tariff, estimating in that way, it
would be but sixteen per cent., and it would re-
quire §400,000,000 of imports to give $64,000,000
of revenue. Am I right in that ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I say so.
Mr. HUNTER. Then it comes to what 1 said,
that the Senator from Rhode Island in his argu-
ment estimates the revenue that ought to be de-
rived from the customs to be that average rate
which we get by adding together all the duties in
the schedules, and dividing them by the number
of schedules. He takes, for instance, the tariff
of'184G with duties of one hundred, forty, thirty,
twenty per cent., and so on; adds them up and
divides the sum by the number of schedules, and
he maintains that the imports ought to yield duty
in that ratio.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not say that. I stated
that the rates of duty were not a matter dependent
on the class of imports, but were fixed inthe law
and did not change. That was not a matter of
conjecture at all. What they would yield was
another matter, dependent on the different quanti-
ties of imports under the different schedules.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I pass over that, if I
misunderstood the Senator, and I am glad I have,
for it really seems to me to be a most extraor-
dinary calculation in one who generally cyphers
so well, to suppose that we were to estimate the
probable revenue to be derived by putting an av-
erage thus ascertained upon the dutiable imports.
If he abandons that ground, I have nothing more
to say on it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know how I can
abandon a ground I never took.
Mr. HUNTER. I am glad 1 misunderstood
the gentleman.
Mr. SIMMONS. It seems to be very difficult
for the gentleman to understand me. When I say
I did not take the ground he says, he then turns
round and declares that I have abandoned it.
Mr. HUNTER. I take the Senator's word;
I do not insist that he took the ground if he says
he did not.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, that is not abandon-
ing it, is it ?
Mr. HUNTER. There was another branch
of the Senator's circumstantial evidence which was
adduced in order to show that we must have been
cheated in the way of undervaluation on the
importations. My friend from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] also fell into an error on that subject.
He seemed to suppose that because, for a certain
period of three years, the imports, as valued in the
port of shipment—that is, abroad—were greater
than the exports as valued in the port of ship-
ment—that is, here—we were cheated out of the
difference, not only between this value of the ex-
ports and imports, but out of all the profit added
to the exports when they went abroad. I told him
upon that occasion what he will allow me to re-
peat, that the true equation was between the mar-
ket value of the exports where they were sent and
the market value of the imports where they were
brought; and that, in order to show that we were
cheatcd, he would have to prove that the imports
wore of less value rated at the market puce where
they were bought, than the exports rated at the
market price where they were sold; and when we
come to institute that equation, we shall find that
there may very well be a state of the tariff in
which the imports reckoned at the place of ship-
ment would be of less value than the exports
which are always reckoned at the place of ship-
ment. Take the case that he desires to export his
cotton in order to get iron for ono of his railroads.
His cotton goes to Liverpool free of duty; the
duty does notenterinto the market price there. It
returns in the shape of iron which, under the tariff
of 1840, bore a duty of thirty percent., which did
enter into the price there. In order to obtain
equal values at the market price, you had to im-
port a less value of imports at the place of ship-
ment than the value of the exports at the port
from winch they went. In other words, his sta-
tistics aie only an illustration of the old " forty
bale" theory, which was sustained by a distin-
guished gentleman from South Carolina, Mr.
McDuffie, and by Professor Senior, of Oxford, a
theory to which I do not subscribe in the whole,
but which is undoubtedly correct, in part; for
there are conditions of trade in which the exporter
does pay a portion of the duty.
But, sir, even as I said on that occasion, if the
Senator from Georgia had succeeded m showing,
when you came to institute the true equation, that
the imports reckoned at the market value where
they were bought, were less than the exports at
the market value where they were sent, it would
not do to say that the whole of that difference was
attributable to undervaluation, because it would
be far more reasonable to attribute them to smug-
gling, to which there were so many more induce-
ments,for which there were so many more oppor-
tunities, than to the undervaluation. Against
that, we have checks of all sorts and descriptions.
We have a check in the skill of experienced men
who look to see whether the invoice states the
true price of the article, who have the power to
put it up if they find it too low. We have, too,
the stimulus which is given to the custom-house
officers by allowing them a portion of the fines,
penalties, and forfeitures,in cases of frauds; and
with all these safeguards in a system which has
been maturing since 1795, it is reasonable to sup-
pose that frauds, unless the Government should
