1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
have been most unfortunate in its selection of ap-
praisers, could hardly be so numerous as gentle-
men here charge and suppose." On the other
hand, the facilities for smuggling, especially since
the reciprocity treaty, are very great; and I have
no doubt that if the truth could be known, there
is a great deal of smuggling into this country.
I say, then, that the objection which those gen-
tlemen raise to voting for a loan bill because we
would not agree to adopt the proposition of the
Senator from Rhode Island, in regard to a change
of the mode of executing our ad valorem system, is
not a valid objection, because they have failed to
prove the frauds alleged,either by direct evidence
or circumstantial proof; and against them they
will find the authority of those who have been
administering the Department.
But, sir, I go farther; I say that all those who
voted for that amendment are forever estopped
from saying anything in regard to the frauds of
the present ad valorem system. Why, sir, what
does that amendment propose? The duties are
to be assessed on the market price or value, " to
include the foreign cost, all charges, duties, and
profits, or so much thereof as may enter into and
become a part of such wholesale market price or
value;" so that under this, the appraisers would
have not only all the opportunities for mistake,
there would exist not only all the temptations for
fraud that now exist when they have only to ascer-
tain the foreign value, but they would have in ad-
dition, the temptations which would arise out of
the opportunities for deceit, and for mistake to be
given by ascertaining the charges, the duties, the
freights, and the profits. Noris this all, sir. An
appraiser at New Orleans and at San Francisco
was to appraise a yard of cloth by undertaking to
ascertain what it would be worth at New York.
It would take a skillful appraiser at New York to
fix the true market value on it, if he had it in his
possession, and could see it and feel it. How
would it be possible for appraisers at the distant
ports, and especially at the small ports, to execute
any such law ?
1 say, then, that those who vote for this, stand
committed to all the frauds of the present system,
and to more besides; and that they have, there-
fore, no right to object to voting for a loan bill,
for the simple fact that we did notimpose upon it
such a scheme as this; that we did not propose to
add upon it such a scheme as this.
In addition to that, sir, we were j ustified in re-
fusing it on the point which I raised, and which
was treated as a mere technical objection, that the
amendment offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island did raise the taxes upon the country most
materially; that it did originate a revenue measure
here. Why, sir, upon the twenty-four per cent,
schedule it made the tax higher, far higher than
it was under the tariff of 1846; and the thirty per
cent, schedule it raised to over forty percent.; and
yet when I referred to the provision of the Consti-
tution which we have all sworn to support, it was
said I was raising a technical objection; and I un-
derstood my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
rather to administer rebuke to me as being some-
what beneath the gravity and importance of the
occasion in raising such an objection. Sir, it has
been said by an eminent man that the day would
come when any one would be called to order who
quoted the Constitution of the United States in
the Congress of the United States; but I never ex-
pected to see the day when a constitutional objec-
tion raised upon the plain reading of the Consti-
tution itself would be treated as a mere technical
and trifling objection.
But I pass over that, I put it out of the way,
for we took the vote, not on the point of order,
but on the merits of the amendment. I come,
however, to the other point, which gentlemen
raised, that they would not vote loans unless we
did something to increase the revenue; that it was
manifest the revenue was below what was now
estimated to be expended—that is, seventy-four
or eighty million dollars a year, which they
maintained and asserted was an extravagant es-
timate. Now, sir, I ask if it would have been
possible, on our imports, to have laid any tariff,
any system of duties, which could have been ex-
ecuted, that would have raised money enough
to have met an estimate of seventy-four or sev-
enty-six million dollars this year ? Could we have
done it? I go further; if we could have done it,
would it be proper to lay a tariff, which, in a pe-
riod of such severe pressure and crisis as that
we have just passed through, would have given
us enough not only for the ordinary, but the ex-
traordinary expenditures of the country ? or, if it
would have given us enough at such a period as
that, in average times and in usual years, it would
have filled our Treasury with a surplus; and we
all know to what extravagance and profligacy a
surplus revenue would lead.
I say it is not desirable that there should be such
a system of revenue raised as would give enough,
in time of pressure, to meet even the ordinary
wants of the Government; and, if this be true, then
the only question left forstatesmen to consider is,
whether the existing sources of revenue would be
sufficient for the just demands of the Government
economically administered; and, if they would be
sufficient, then leave your revenue where it stands,
and provide by way of loan for the temporary
deficiency, under the just expectation that when
that period passes away, and commerce fills its
usual channels, we shail have, out of the existing
sources, enough for the just wants of theGovern-
ment. I say that that is the true plan for the
statesman to pursue, and that is the plan which
the Secretary of the Treasury recommends. So
far from disapproving of that, I honor and com-
mend him for it. What sort of system would
that be, which would alter the tariff so as to raise
revenue enough in such a period as this, if it could
be done, for such an expenditure as seventy-four
or eighty million dollars a year?
But gentlemen cannot pursue both lines of at-
tack. If they say seventy-four or eighty million
dollars are extravagant estimates of expenditure,
surely they ought not to be willing to raise rev-
enue enough to meet them; but if they are will-
ing to raise revenue enough to meet such an ex-
penditure, they ought not to say that seventy-four
or eighty million dollars are extravagant, for as
certain as you raise the revenue, we know from
experience, it will be expended.
The sole question, then, for us to consider, was:
is there likely to be enough, out of the existing
sources of revenue, to meet the economical wants
of the Government? I say, yes; enough to meet
those wants if they do not exceed $60,000,000, or
even §64,000,000 a year; and in order to prove it
as nearly as could be done, (for any calculation
of this sort is an approximation,) I took the du-
tiable imports for the year closing in July, 1857,
the last fiscal year; I ascertained, by a calcula-
tion made at the Treasury Department, what rate
of duty the tariff of 1857 had actually given on
the dutiable imports; I imposed that rate of duty
on the dutiable imports of 1857, and found that
would give us something like fifty-one million
dollars. I referred, then, to the experience of the
tariff of 1846, and found that the imports and ex-
ports, and revenue, under that, increased some-
thing like ten per cent, per annum; and said that
if we had a right to anticipate the same increase
after the revival of trade, the present tariff would
soon giveussixtymilliondollarsor more. Would
not that be enough, with the public lands, to meet
all the just wants of the Government? If so,
would it not be worse than useless, would it not
be a wrong and an extravagance to avail our-
selves of the present condition of things in order
to force up the revenue to a higher standard,
which, in periods of prosperity, would fill the
Treasury to overflowing? Upon that, I am will-
ing to go befoie the country. Upon that issue, I
atn willing to meet those gentlemen who insist that
we are bound, rather than ask for a loan to meet
this temporary deficiency, to impose a permanent
addition on the taxation of the country. _
But there was another argument which they
addressed to us, which would have been an argu-
ment addressed to our feeling if it had been true;
but, in my opinion, it was as unfounded as the
others; and that was the appeal ad misericordiam.
That was the appeal to do something for the labor
of the country on the idea that we ought to raise
the tariff in order to protect the operatives who
were suffering. I say, in answer to that, that I
do not think it fair to tax all other laborers in
order to promote and to support another class. I
do not think it fair to impose a system of taxation
which, like the protective system, makes the con-
sumer, for every dollar he pays to the Govern-
ment, pay one, two, three, or four other dollars
to private individuals, in the shape of an enhanced
price, on the domestic manufacture which he is
thus forced to consume. I say it is not fair to the
sailor, it is not fair to the man of commerce, it is /
not fair to the agricultural laborer, thus to tax'
them for the benefit of any other pursuit. I go
further. I say that if bounties were thus given,
it would be found that they did not profit the la-
borer. Why, sir, the manufacturing laborer, no
matter what your tariff is, will get no more than
any other skilled laborer in the country. If there
be any extra profits produced by it, they go to
the capitalists, the owners of the factories, the
men who are rich enough already.
But, sir, I will for a moment assume the truth
of the argument, though I do not assent to it, that
as regards protection we ought to disregard all
other interests, and look only to the manufac-
turer: I deny, if we look only to his interest, that
we ought to resort to a protective system again,
and as proof of it, I plant myself on the experi
ence of the tariff of 1846. Show me any other
period of ten years in the history of this country
in which not only all its great interests throve and
prospered so rapidly, but in which the manufac-
turing interest was developed with such rapidity
as it was then. I proved to you the other day,
from those statistics, which can neither err nor lie,
that the manufacturing exports increased nearly
threefold in those ten years, more than they had
done at any other period of our financial history;
and that is the true test of the prosperity of the
manufacturing interest. I showed you the sta-
tistics of the manufactures of cotton and of wool
in Massachusetts, the great manufacturing State
of the Union, and showed you with what unex-
ampled rapidity they had prospered and thriven
during that period. And I say that if such are
tho results of that reduction of duty; if we find so
much greater comparative prosperity whert we
come to compare that period with those of high
duties, I am justified in saying that it is neither
a chanty nor a benefit to the manufacturing la-
borer to impose upon him again the protective
system. I plant myself for that upon those fig-
ures; let gentlemen explain away or meet them,
if they can. Until they do so, I feel that I am
laboring not only for the good of all the other
great interests which prospered in sympathy and
amity and friendship along with the manufactur-
ing interest during these ten years; and I say that
when I adopt a system of low duties, provided it
furnishes revenue enough to the country, I am
benefiting not only the agriculturist, but the
sailor anil the man of commerce, but I am bene-
fiting also the manufacturer himself, and that is
proved by the history not only of this, but of
other countries; and accordingly these great truths
which lie at the bottom of all great commercial
prosperity are making their way throughout the
civilized world. Upon them, sir, I am ready to
meet gentlemen at any time or anywhere. If that
be the issue which they make, regarding it, as I
do, as one of progress, I am willing to stand or
fall upon it.
Mr. TOOMBS. My honorable friend from
Virginia has called my attention to what he sup-v
poses to be a mistake in the argument which I
made on the day before yesterday; but I think ha
has committed one of the most singular and ex-
traordinary mistakes for a gentleman ofhis finan-
cial knowledge I have ever heard in the Senate.
I will take the illustration he has given me. I
held that if the imports of the country were less
than its exports, necessarily allowing for the ele-
ments I took into the account, we were doing a
losing trade, or the goods were undervalued;
that one result or the other absolutely followed.
I then showed from the state of the exchanges
during the last three years, that our trade was not
a losin°" one, that we had sold the commodities
exported for more than we gave for them because
there was no balance against us. He gave the
illustration of my exporting cotton for the pur-
pose of importing iron. I will take that, and I
think I can satisfy my friend in an instant that he
is utterly wrong. If a merchant in New Orleans
buys a thousand bales of cotton for $50,000, and
sends them to Liverpool, if he sells them for
§40,000, of course, he has lost $10,000, besides
