2530
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Senator from Georgia may think otherwise. He
may be right, but the alternative proposed by the
amendment is either to give additional force, by
way of language, to the resolutions, which I think
will amount to but very little, or to change their
character, and substitute an act of war for the res-
olutions, which are recommendatory and pros-
pective. I hope the amendments will not prevail.
Mr. TOOMBS. My objection, as I stated very
fully, to the resolutions of the committee was, that
they proposed nothing but the expression of the
opinion of the Senate. I believe that, aj far as
opinion has been expressed, it is unanimous, not
only here, but- in the country; but it leads to noth-
ing. There is no power in the Executive to do
what, in my judgment, ought to be done. He can-
not act without the action of the two Houses; he
has no authority to go down there to do anything
more than prevent further aggression; he can do
nothing for the past. I desire to authorize him
to do something for the past. As for our commit-
ting an act of war, I hold that an act of war has
been committed, in the face of our declaration
from the last war with Great Britain to this hour,
in the face of the uniform policy of the country
at all times; and we are to talk to England again
about this thing; to go to her, and inquire whether
she authorized the commanders of the Buzzard
and Styx to commit these outrages. If that is
the opinion of the Senate, the Senator is right;
but it is not worth while to make a special older
of those resolutions; I am utterly opposed to that.
It amounts to nothing except the expression of
the opinion of the Senate, when I believe there is
but one opinion throughout tfie whole country.
I am opposed to the resolution which says it is
time for England and America to settle this ques-
tion. It is settled; the argument is exhausted;
and we have nothing to do but to stand by our
arms.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the pending amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Hale; which is, to strike out all after the words
" voyage," in the fourth line of the second reso-
lution, and insert:
Are belligerent m then* character, and should be resist-
ed at all hazards, by all the power ot the country.
Mr. WILSON proposed to amend the amend-
ment, by adding:
And the Picsident is Iieiebv nuthoii'/.ed and empow-
ered to employ Ihe naval I'otce of ihe United States, and
to send Mich force 10 llie scene ol'tlie iccent outrage:-), with
instructions to capture the -hip-, which have committed or
winch may commit the-;: belligerent acts.
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 wish to say, Mr. Presi-
' dent, that \ differ with the honorable Senator from
•Georgia. 1 think there is much substance in these
resolutions; I think the resolutions of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations have taken high,
strong', clear, and tiue ground; and that if it is
maintained earnestly and faithfully by this Gov-
ernment and by the country, they will accomplish
all our purposes. It is not a small thine: to re-
solve that we are determined that England shall
abandon the right of search. I think it will prob-
ably bring war. I hardly believe that England
■will abandon the right of search without a war.
1 am not for making a declaration of war by
indirection. If it is the intention of the Senate,
if it is the will of this country, whether wo are
prepared or not, to go into a war, let us make a
formal declaration of war. It is a momentous mat-
ter. Let it be done with all proper form. If we j
intend to abandon the ancient usages, if we omit !
the "Feciales" of the Romans, and send no mes-1
sengers for explanation; let us at least cast the j
bloody spear in due and solemn form. I am not j
willing to be swept by the very first wave of pub-1
lie excitement into so great a war as this—still iess j
am I willing to be smuggled into it by an amend-!
ment to an amendment. If we intend war let us ■
declare war. J do not say that I am opposed to j
it. We have just and ample cause of war. We!
have received the most flagrant insults; and I re- j
peat that if this country is prepared to go into it ;
and will make a solemn declaration of war, I shall
not hang back, nor will the people whom I repre- j
sent. But a war with England will be the most;
momentous event of the last three centuries, if not j
of any century since the world began. I am not
blind to the disasters and calamities the earlier .
periods of it will probably inflict on us; yet I be-
lieve that if England provokes us to it, she will I
be rushing on her fate. It is perhaps inevitable,
sooner or later, and whenever she sets her time
for it, that must be our time. But, sir, let us ad-
here to these resolutions; let us gi ve her a chance
to postpone an event, which, whenever it comes,
will change the whole face of human affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me, sir,
that it becomes us, upon such an occasion as this,
to proceed with firm, determined, but cautious
step. If we are to go to war, let it be for injuries
done to our country. Let us not go to war for
words which are impatiently and passionately
used by us. I want to do nothing precipitately,
but all things firmly, patriotically, and bravely.
Great Britain lias done us a wrong—I think we are
all agreed about that; a wrong for which we are
bound in interest and in honor to require some
reparation and proper and ample reparation. But,
sir, it becomes our dignity to proceed to obtain
that redress in a proper and dignified manner.
How is that to be done? We want no war of
.words; we want to say nothing but that which is
just necessary to convince Great Britain that we
feel with proper national sensibility the outrage,
as we call it, which has been committed upon us.
We want, then, in an appropriate, becoming, and
dignified manner, to ask her for repaiation; and j
when we have leccived her answer we shall know
what to do; but surely it becomes us not to go to j
war upon the instant; not to go to extremities j
urnil we have demanded of her reparation. If one
gentleman offends another lie asks first for repa-
ration, voluntary reparation, and that being re-
fused, he takes his own hostile course if he thinks
proper; and for infinitely stronger reasons ought :
that to be the case among nations, whose subor- j
dmates may do a wrong that the nation itself may j
be willing to disavow and make ample atonement j
for.
I think, therefore, we should do nothing rashly;
that we should not make war ourselves before we !
have informed Great Britain of the cause, and the j
inevitable consequences of her act unless proper i
satisfaction be made. When that voluntary sat-
isfaction is refused, it seems to me it will be time
enough for us to engage in actual hostilities.
Hence I think these resolutions, although I con-
fess they do not perhaps go to the extremes of that
prudence which we are bound to observe, still are
sufficient to convey the meaning of the American
people; and, if we are to err, I would rather err in
the forbearance of angry and quarrelsome words,
or angry and quarrelsome acts. It is a cause of
too much consequence between parties of too j
much power and dignity, to indulge in anything I
that is hasty or inconsiderate, to indulge in quar- ,
relsome words, or in quanelsome acis. Ourdig-
luty requires a different course; and the more
firmly and resolutely we intend to have satisfac-
tion, the nioic dignified ltwillbein us (o endeavor
to obtain first the voluntary retribution and repa-
ration which we have aught to expect fiotn Eng-
land. When we have done that; when we have
demanded it m a manner becoming us, and be-
coming her, without insult, or without aggravating
circumstances, and it is refused, then we feel that
wo stand on firm and solid ground, and are acting
to maintain the dignity and honor and rights of
our country.
Sir, I am like the gentleman from Georgia in
one respect. The officers of the English Govern-
ment have perpetrated acts upon our commerce,
on the high seas, which we cannot permit. These
resolutions seem,underone interpretation of them,
to imply that it is our wish to enter into negotia-
tions with Great Britain about the right of search
or right of visitation, and to require of her an open
and express abandonment of that right. I do not
want any negotiations with Great Britain, or any
discussion with Great Britain, about the right of
search or right of visitation. That is a subject
which is exhausted; our minds are made up on
that question; and we do not wish that the Gov-
ernment of England should understand that we
consider the question on our part as open for any
.argument. We have made up our minds on it.
We only wish to negotiate with her about these
acts. When she refuses to make reparation for
them, then we will decide whether they are of
consequence or importance enough, either to our
honor or our interest, to make them cause of war.
GreatBritain may be perfectly willing to renounce
these acts, to disavow them; and that is all we
have a right to demand. What her reasons may
be for the commission of these acts, is entirely un-
important to us. Whether she has done them
under any supposed emergency, whether she has
done them because she feels authorized to do them
in virtue of any right of search or visitation to
which she may pretend, is a matter of indifference
to us. We may say to her: " Hold your opin-
ions, but-forbear to do those acts which are in-
jurious to us and for which we must make war;
that is all we ask." She is fully authorized, so
far as I am concerned, to maintain her preten-
sions to visitation and search until time shall
wear them out and obliterate them. I will not
quarrel with her for an opinion; I will not go
to war with her for a difference of opinion; but
when she undertakes to perform acts under those
opinions, those acts I am concerned with, and
those acts I must resist or submit to, as it best
suits me. I want no discussion about the right
of visitation or the right of search, and I should
think it unworthy of this Government to enter
into any negotiation on that subject. I care not
upon what grounds she may found her preten-
sions. All I ask of her is, to forbear such action
as is injurious to my country; and when she has
done that, she may weigh as she pleases, in her
national pride before the world, all these sover-
eign rights of hers about visitation and search on
the high seas, to the nations who please to sub-
mit to them. I want to negotiate about these
acts, these acts merely, and no further negotiation
than to inform Great Britain of the acts that have
been perpetrated or performed by her officers on
our coast, and to know of her whether she is will-
ing to make that reparation which this country
thinks it is entitled'to. [ want an answer on that
point—no more negotiation about it, unless it re-
lates to the simple facts that are brought in ques-
tion. Was the attack made ? Under what circum-
stances was it made ? With what aggravations,
or with what circumstances of mitigation, was it
made ? These are the only topics of negotiation
between us. I want no more learning, I want no
more diplomacy, upon the question of visitation.
I will not ask Great Britain for a renunciation of
that, because I care nothing about it. Upon what-
ever pretensions, high or low, ancientor modern,
you find a right to slop our ships engaged in lawful
commerce on the high seas, that thing we will not
submit to. As long as you entertain these opin-
ions, and hold them as opinions merely, we will
not quarrel with you about them, however erro-
neous we may think them; but the moment you
attempt to act on that or any other pretense, and
to perform acts injurious to us, wo will resist
those acts.
With that understanding, and that interpreta-
tion of these resolutions,! think they are of some
consequence, and 1 shall vote for them; but 1 want
no negotiation. I want it understood (hat we have
no negotiation about abstract rights. It is prac-
tical wrongs and injuues alone for which this coun-
try wants redress; and 1 will not enlarge, and al-
low that matter to be diluted, and to lun into a
long volume of diplomacy about abstract lights
and laws of the sea. We will submit to no actual
wronir; v.'e will resist that; but if Great Britain
will forbear that as to us, I am satisfied; but I
think it is our duty, before we take redress into
our own hands, to apply to the Government of
that country for redress. I think this is demanded
of us by our own character. It is demanded of
us by the peace of the world; demanded of us oy
all nations, and by all laws, to apply to her for
reparation. That refused, we are either to sub-
mit, or we must, take redress into our own hands;
and the world will warrant and justify us, and our
country will warrant and justify us. That is the
course I desire to pursue. I would not have it
I understood by the world that we are proceeding
recklessly and passionately; that there is anything
like intimidation intended by our course. I want
it to be understood in all our acts that we intend
a little more than we say, and that we are certain
to do what we intimate it is our purpose and in-
tention to do, m everything that concerns our na-
tional honor and our national rights. That is the
language 1 desire to hold towards foreign nat.ons;
the language of peace; the language of remon-
strance; the language of friendly demand for sat-
isfaction for wrongs done*, and that retused, men
comes the time for quarrel; and then the senate
of the United States will be prepared, I am sure,
to go aa far as any equal number of citizens of the
