1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
of our last war with Great Britain. I think that
the peopie of this country have just causo to be
alarmed at the rapidity with which the expenses
of this Government are increasing. No adminis-
tration of any party in this country, except this
Democratic party, could stand three months under
such an increase of expenditures as have been
rolled up under the last and the present Adminis-
trations.
But I wish to say one word in reference to the
character of this deficiency bill. I have not ex-
amined the particular provision for the payment
of the officers of this House> nor do I care to. I
presume that the committee have taken the means
to secure all the information that is to be had, and
have acted fairly in regard to that matter. I am
not so anxious to save at the spigot when the
entire contents of the barrel are running out at the
bunghole. What are some of these deficiencies?
A few moments ago I looked over the statement
sent in here,based on contracts made forthe trans-
portation of the army from Kansas to Utah, and
I found, as it seems to me, very extraordinary
features in those contracts. Russell, "VVaddell &
Co., for transportation of stores from Fort Lea-
venworth, Kansas, to Utah, are paid $1 35 to
$4 50 per hundred pounds for each hundred miles;
for all over ten million pounds they are paid an
increase of twenty-five per cent ; and for all over
fifteen million pounds, the pay is advanced thirty-
five percent.; and so the pay goes on increasing
as the quantity to*be transported increases. Then
there is another feature of demurrage. The Gov-
ernment contracts to pay these contractors five
dollars for each wagon, for every day their wag-
ons may be delayed on the route.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman permit me
to make an inquiry? Docs he think it unreason-
able to pay five dollars aday for a team, teamster,
wagon, and six yoke of oxen?
Mr. TAPPAN. I only refer to this 
Mr. PHELPS. I ask him what would be the
wages of such a wagon and team in his own Stole?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman Aom Mis-
souii is not in order. The ^cntlenifin from New
Hampshire declines to yield the floor.
Mr. TAPPAN. I was only about to say that
this contract provides for delays, and that five dol-
lars shall be allowed for every day for every single !
wagon. I do not know whether if the delays '
were not improper, that that would be too large :
an amount. But what guarantee has the Gov- I
eminent that the trains may not be delayed for |
the mere purpose of recovering a large amount by |
way of " demurrage ?" I do not think, under
such a provision, that these contractors will be par- j
ticulariy anxious to proceed very rapidly with
their trains 
Mr. PHELPS. Permit me to explain that.
It is for the purpose of compensating the con-
tractors if they arc delayed by the officers of the
Government.
Mr. TAPPAN. I must decline to yield. I
think that tins Government will find a very pretty
little bill by the time all these stores are tians-
ported to Utah, fur demurrages under this sort of
contiaet.
But another extraordinary feature of it is, as I
have said, that as the quantity to he transported is
increased, the pay for transportation is increased
in the same proportion. 1 think this is a very
extraordinary feature. The more stores we have
to transport, the higher the rate of compensation
which is given to the contractors for doing the
work. Now, the principle usually acted on m
eases of this sort is just the reveise uf this. The
lau'iT the quantity of fieightto be transported,
the less, it would si>cm, couid it bo afforded to
do the work for. In any case, the rate of remu-
neration should not be augmented with the in-
crease of the employment furnished.
Rut, sir, something has been said here in ref-
erence to the cost of transporting a barrel of Hour
from I(1ort Leavenworth to Utah. I have gone
into a little estimate, for the purpose of seeing
how much it will probably cost under this con-
tact. 1 understand that the distance agreed upon
fiom Fort Leavenworth to Utah is two thousand
one hundred miles, which, at $1 35 per hundred
pouiuk, (ihe lowest amount paid) for each hun-
dred miles, supposing a barrel of flour to weigh
two hundred pounds, would give a cost of §56 70
for the transportation of a barrel of flour from
Fort Leavenworth to Utah. Then, sir, the Uni-
ted States Government are bound to furnish an
escort for the trains; and by the time you pay
your demurrage, and for the escort, it will cost
over $100 -for every harrel of flour that goes to
Utah. At this rate our Mormonwar will be a
rather expensive luxury before it is over.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct him ?
Mr. TAPPAN. I am just through; and the
gentleman can then make any explanation. Now,
sir, as I said, without knowing precisely when or
where this war is to end, or what it was com-
menced for, or, in fact, what the troops are to do
after they get there, we are called upon, by the
passage of this bill, to indorse this executive
usurpation. If we do it now; we may do it again,
and I am opposed to setting any precedent of the
kind. And let me say, Mr. Chairman, at the rate
the expenditures for this Utah war are going on,
in a year from to-day it will have cost more than
the war with Great Britain and the Mexican war
together, and, as a friend nea me remarks, for
aught I know, the war of the Revolution thrown in.
Now, sir, I am not for going forward any
further in the dark. I am not for indorsing this
action of the Executive, when, as has been well
said by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Tay-
lor,] if there had been ail extraordinary exigency
requiring this large expenditure of money, and
involving the country in a war which it may take
years to get extricated from, the Congress of the
United States, which is the war-making power,
should have been called together. But there was
no such pressing exigency. The President might
well have waited until the regular session of Con-
gress before involving the country in a war which
may require the expenditure of untold millions.
Although I might be disposed to vote for some
of the items 111 this bill, and inay do so in some
other shape, yet 1 will not, and I hope our friends
upon this side of the House will not, indorse this
executive war, l)v voting for this measure.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I move that the commit-
tee do now lise.
Mr. PHELPS. Oh, I hope not. There may
be other gentlemen who desire to speak; and this
is the Inst day for debate. *
Mr. BUt'FINTON. 1 insist on the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the five minutes' debate will alFoid gentlemen
an opportunity to be further heard upon this sub-
ject.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee lose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill (II. R. No. 30G) to supply deficiencies m
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1858, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
WASHINGTON POLICE.
Mr. LEITER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a substitute for the bill
reported yesterday by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Goode,] from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, in regaid to a police force
for this city. I ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and printed, to be considered whenever that bill
comes up.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman gives notice
that he will offer a substitute, and asks that it be
printed, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LEITER. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, it
will bo so ordered.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOPKINS, (at
twenty-seven minutes to live o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, .dpril 7, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. F. Swektzel, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was rend and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, inclosing
a petition' of the paymasters' clerks of the Army,
praying for an increase of compensation, and rec-
ommending it to the favorable consideration of
Congress; which, on motion of Mr. Johnson, of
Arkansas, was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and Militia.
fie also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, information in
relation to the North Carolina aiseual; which, on
motion of Mr. Biggs, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial from the
mayor and board of common councilmen of Atchi-
son, Kansas Territory, praying that land may not
be granted to the St. Joseph and Topeka Rail-
road Company but that aid be granted for a rail-
road connection between the valley of Kansas
river and the Missouri river, on the northwest-
ern border of Kansas; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of Simeon
Draper, and other citizens of the city of New
York,praying for the enactment of a general relief *
law; which was referred to the Committee on tho
Judiciary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of cit-
izens of Superior, Wisconsin, in favor of a north-
ern Pacific iailroad,and praying that Superior
may be made one of its termini; which was or-
dered to lie on the table, the subject having been
reported upon by a select committee.
Mr. RllOWN presented a petition of the Rev.
A. G. Carothers, W. B. Magruder, and others,
1 citizens of Washington, praying that the public
reservation opposite the " Assembly's Church"
may be inclosed; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of John
Gaidnerand his associates, prayingthat the Post-
master General may be authorized to contract
with them for carrying the mails in steamships be-
tween the United States, the West Indies, Brazil,
and the Argentine Republics; which was referred
to the Committee oil the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. CAMERON presented additional papers in
support of the claim of William Reynolds; which
were referred to the Committee on Nava.1 Affairs.
Mr. MA.LLORY presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Appalachicola, Florida, remonstrating
against the repeal of the law creating the Light-
House Board; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Oil motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
OhIotI, That the pennon of Oatiianne Jacobs, widow
of Fianf in Jacobs, on the illc.- of the Senate, be retened to
the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Oulered, That the petition ofMiles T)evine. with the ad-
veise report thereon, be recommitted to tho Coiuniittec on
Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph G.
Heaton, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
ji was referred the memorial of J. K. Kane, and
I, others, in behalf of the widow of Foxliail A.
i Parker, asked to be discharged from its further
i consideration, a pension having been granted to
' her by the Department; which was agreed to.
I He also, from the same committee, to whom
; was referred the petition of James Hudgins, son
| and administrator of Ruth Murphy, widow of
j John Hudgms, asked to be discharged from us
i further consideration, and that it be referred to tho
J Secretary of the Interior; which was agreed to.
■j He also, from the same committee, to whom
'I was referred the petition of Charles Bruckner,
i! administrator of William White, asked to be dis-
!' charged from its further consideration, and that it
! be referred to the Secretary of the Interior; wnicli
' was agreed to.
i Mr.' JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the C.;m-
' mittee on Military Affairs and Mihtui, to \"iu>m
; were referred the petition of William I . 1 a.1, the
resolution of the Legislature of Texas mating :«>
