1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
tion, in the coytity in which he offers to vote, and
no other person whatever, shall be entitled to vote
at said election.
It farther provides for the punishment of any
person who, by menace, threats, or force, or by
any other unlawful means, shall, directly or indi-
rectly, attempt to influence any voter in giving
his vote, or deter him from going to the polls, or
disturb or hinder him in the free exercise of his
right of suffrage at said election.
It further provides for the punishment of any
person holding said election who shall, willfully
and knowingly, commit any fraud or irregularity
whatever, with the intent to hinder, prevent, or
defeat a fair expression of the popular will at said
election.
It also requires all officers to make oath before
entering upon the discharge of their duties, that
they will faithfully and impartially discharge
them.
Extract of a letter from II. Clay Pate.
<e At the October election in 1856, a majority of five thou-
sand votes were cast m favor of a convention, and at the ses-
sion of the Kansas Legislative Assembly, which met on the
second Monday of January last, [1857J ' all necessary pi ovis-
sions were made for' that convention. A law was passed,
taking for its basis the principles of the celebrated Toombs
bill, which Senator Douglas helped to make, and for which
he voted. It provided for the registry of all the legal voters
ofthe Territoiy by the Sheriff of each county and Jus. depu-
ties. The probate judges were required to hold courts or
sessions in convenient parts of the counties, and add to the
lists returned by the sdienfts any namea accidentally or
wrongfully omitted. It also provided that in cases where
there was no probate judge, or he would not act. then the
sheriff should, and if theie was no officer at all to perform
the duties specified, then the people might petition the Gov-
ernor to appoint some one to carry out the law. The Gov-
ernor says that 'fifteen counties' were entuely disfran-
chised, *and by no fault ot their own.' Let u>j see. In
Fiankhn county, one of the 1 oldest organized,' J&*quue
Yocura, probate judge, was driven awaj by the Abolitionists
as was also Richard Goulding, sheriff of said county ; cuch
of these officials wasthieatened with death should they at-
tempt to perform the duties confeired upon them by the
regisuy law. Under the same circumstances, George Wil-
son, judge of probate for Anderson county, was ptevented
from executing the law. So with Allen county ; Pussmorc
Williams had to leave m ouler to save his life. J. J. Bar-
ker, piobate judge of Bieckinridge, being a free-State man,
refused to act. These four were the only organized counties
not represented the convention. Why not represented?
It was the fault of those who now complain, and ' on their
heads, and theirs alone, will rest the lesponsibihty.'
"It is well to observe that, of the nineteen counties
spoken of as not represented, the census was not taken in
four for the leasons stated; the other fifteen weie, for civil
purposes, attached to organized counties, us follows:
"Two, Richardson and WelIer,to Shawnee ;
tc Three, .Madison, Butler, and Wise, to Breckinridge;
" One, Coffee to Andeison ;
" One, McGce to Boutbon ;
" Six, Greenwood, Hunter, Dorn, Wilson, Woodson, and
Gregory, to Allen;
" One, Blown to Doniphan ;
" One, Davis to Ililey.
"The counliesof Brown, Washington,Clay, and Dickin-
son, were oiganized at the last session of the Legislature;
in the last named three there were no inhabitants.
" The registry law was executed, and voteis were regis-
tered in the following counties : Johnson, Lykms, Lynn,
Bourbon, Douglas, Shawnee, Doniphan, Atoln&on, Leaven-
worth, Jefferson, Nemeha, Calhoun, Marshall, and Riley.
"It will thus be seen that the only counties really dis-
franchised were the four in which Abolitionists would per-
mit no legist j y tobu taken ; and it ts> an established fact that
many factious people refused to tell their names, and other-
wise obstructed theofficeis—some giving fictitious appella-
tions, and otheis threatening the lives and property of cen-
fsus-takeis.
" ; These officers were political partisans,' and they fie-
fttsed or neglected to take any census ot make any icgi-diy,
and therefore they were etunely disft anchised, and could not
and did not give a «irigl« vote.5 Why did they not compel
the officeis to do their duty ? It was possible; but if not,
they could have petitioned the Governor for redress. If the
people of those counties could not and did not vote, it was
k a lault of their own,' and on ' their heads, and theirs alone,
will rest the responsibility.5
* a ->***** + #•
t£ From fiif't to ln^t, every opportunity has been given for
an expression of the will of a majonty; and now if the prin-
ciples of a minonty, as alleged, arc to triumph in Kam-as,
by the neglcct or factious opposition of ihc so-called ma-
jority. £on their heads, and theus alone, will rest the re-
sponsibility.' II. CLAY" PATE.
" We concur in the foregoing:
il George W. McKowk, ex-member of the Lccompton Con-
vention.
"Francis J. Marshall, Democratic candidate for Gov-
ernor.
"William (*. Mathias, Democratic candidate for Lieu-
tenant Governor.
"J. II. Danfouth, ex-member of the Lerompton Convention.
" Blake Littt.e, ex-member of the Lecompton Convention.
" Westtort, January 4, 1858."]
Before the conclusion of the above remarks, the
time fixed by the House for closing debate upon
the bill before the committee, arrived.
The bill was then read by paragraphs, for amend-
ment.
Mr. ANDERSON moved to amend by reducing
the appropriation in the last paragraph $1,000.
He then proceeded to finish his remarks, as
above printed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, the Chairman (Mr. Wikslow)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill (No. 3) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States, for the year ending June 30,
1859, and had directed him to report the same back
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the pre-
vious question upon the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
the third time; and being engrossed it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the previ-
ous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of flie Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the permission of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, 1 desire to send
a resolution to the Speaker's chair, and have it
referred to a committee.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I cannot give way.
I am very anxious to get along with the appro-
priation bills. If I yield to one 1 must to another.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. English in the
chair.)
DEFICIENCY BILL FOR PRINTING.
Mr. PHELPS. I desite that the committee shall
take up the bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and referred to this committee,
making appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for printing in former Congresses.
The general debate can go on upon that bill, and
1 desire that the House shall act upon it at as
early a day as practicable. I therefore ask the
unanimous consent of the committee to take up
that bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is an appropriation bill,
and you can move to take it up.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well. 1 move to take up
that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up for consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will be read by
sections for amendment. The first section of the
bill was read, as follows:
That for the purpose of decaying the deficiencies m the
appropriations tor the paper lor the pi innng,and for the bind-
ing, engraving, arid lithogiaphing oidered by the Senate and
House of Representative^ of the Tinny-Third and Thnty-
Fourth Congi'twos. the foiiowtngsumsof money lire hereby
apptopnated out of any money m the Tieasuiy not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. PIIELPS. Mr. Chairman, in seeking the
floor, I do not desire to inflict upon the committee
a speech, but simply to give a brief explanation
of the bill; and I shall endeavor to confine my re-
marks to the subject-matter now under considera-
tion, leaving to other gentlemen who are desirous
to deliver their opinions on other questions of im-
portance, which will come before this House, the
exercise of the priwlege of occupying the floor
for that purpose.
At the first session of the last Congress, Mr.
Chairman, a joint resolution was passed to sup-
ply deficiencies which had occurred in the appro-
priations for the printing ordered by the two
Houses of the Thirty-Third Congress. That joint
resolution was, in fact, an appropriation bill; for
it diverted a portion of the amount appropriated
for defraying the printing of the first session of
the Thirty-Fourth Congress and applied it to pay
for the printing ordered by the Thirty-Third Con-
gress. The joint resolution attracted no particular
attention at that time. While it did not diminish
the deficiency, yet, to a certain extent, it has
placed a deficiency on the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress which was in part incurred by the Thirty-
Third Congress. Iam not going into the inquiry
where blame or censure ought to rest—I mean, to
say which Congress is to blame for the creation
of this deficiency, which we have felt it to be our
duty to recommend should be paid. Every dollar
which this bill appropriates has the sanction of
resolutions passed by the House of Representa-
tives, or by the Senate, or by joint resolutions.
Sir, one of the heaviest items of expenditure
provided for bv this bill, as we are informed by
the Superintendent of Public Printing in his report
made at this session, is caused by the printing of
the report of the results of the United States naval
astronomical expedition to the southern hemi-
sphere. This report was made by Lieutenant
Gilliss,and was ordered to be printed before it was
written—before it was communicated to either
House of Congress-, and consequently before its
probable cost could be ascertained. A resolution
was reported by Mr. Stanton, then chairman of
the Committee on Printing, providing for the
printing of six thousand extra copies of the report
for the use of the House. Several years before, it
was deemed important that an officer of the Navy
should be sent to the coast of Chili for the purpose
of making certain astronomical observations; and
Lieutenant Gilltss was assigned for the discharge
of that duty. I was a member of the Thirty-
Third Congress when his report was ordered to he
printed; but I had no expectation that the history
of Chili was to be written by that gentleman. Yet
if gentlemen will examine the report they will find
that the first volume is a history of Chili. If the
House of Representatives desire to employ a his-
torian to write the history of this or any other
nation, I desire to have a voice in the selection.
Some two or three volumes of this work have
been printed, and I understand that in all it will
embrace six or seven volumes quarto, with large
plates, and many engravings. Engravings and
lithographs accompany the written matter already
published; and for the volumes yet to be issued,
engravings have already been executed,and oth-
ers arc m the process of completion by those who
have the contracts to furnish them under the joint
resolution directing the Superintendent of Public
Printing to enter into contracts for furnishing
maps, drawings, illustrations,&c., to accompan y
works which have been ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAIG E, of North Carolina. 1 would be
glad if the gentleman would furnish to the House,
while upon that subject, some information-in re-
gard to the cost of the different plates in those
| works. There have been some strange rumors
! in the country on the subject. I have heard it
I stated that the plates of parrots cost $10,000. Now
how much do the other plates cost—of lizards,
&c., &.c. ?
Mr. PIIELPS. If the gentleman expects that
I can tell the cost of every engraving or plate
which maybe prepared forGilliss's report, he is
i mistaken. It is impossible for any one man to
| attend to every detail in such matters. It is im-
j possible to tell how much every cut or illustra-
j tion costs by itself, or how much they costinthe
i aggregate, unless by a member ofthe special corn-
| mittec laised to investigate the cost of the public
1 printing, who may require such specific state-
ments to be furnished by the Superintendent of the
' Public Printing, to communicate it to the House,
: in compliance with its specific order.
S Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Ifthegen-
! tlemau does not possess the information, I think
he ought to before he asks this House to vote for
this appropriation bill.
! Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let me make a re-
mark.
Mr. PHELPS. One at a time. If the gentle-
man from North Carolina expects that I can tell
the cost of any block of marble of this Capitol,
although I am a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, whence the appropriation to
pay for the extension comes, he is mistaken.
That is a matter of detail which no man can in-
form himself unless he has all of the documents
before him appertaining to the contracts which
