1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (2LOBE.
1507
the protection of the frontier of the State, and the
resolution of the State military convention held
at the city of Columbus, Ohio, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William W. Hubbell,
asked to be discharged from its farther consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; winch was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 178) to provide for
the organization of a regiment of mounted volun-
teers for the defense of the frontier of Texas, and
to authorize the President to call into the service
of the United States four additional regiments of
volunteers, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, the subject having been dis-
posed of by the passage of another bill; which was
agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 2:27) authorizing the organization of afire
department in the District of Columbia, reported
it without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the lay members of
the Roman Catholic churches in the District of
Columbia, reported a bill (8. No. 241) relating to
the manner of holding and transmitting certain
church property therein mentioned; which was:
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a mo-
tion to print the report of the Secretary of War
communicating the repoit of Lieutenant locale of
his exploration for a wagon road from Fort Defi-
ance to the western borders of Cahlorma, reported
m favor of the motion; and it was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wos referred amotion to piint the memorial of the
Magnetic Telegraph Company, and of the New
England Union Telegraph Company,and also the
mouon to print the supplemental memorjalof the j
said companies, reported in favor of printing the
memonals; which was agreed to. j
Mr. THOMSON, of Nov/ Jersey, from the |
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred .
the petition of Joseph Paul, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed. i
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the papers in relation lo the claim ■
of Nannie Denman, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed. I
He aiso. from the satne committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the giiaiduuis of the j
minor children of Major J. II. Ha^nei ,!ate of the ■
UnitcdStates Army, submitted an adverse leport;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same, committee, to whom ,
was referred the petition of Charles West, sub- ,
nutted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed. :
lie also, from the same committee, to whom 1
was referred the petition of John Brest, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 212)' ;
for the lelief of John Brest, a soldier in the war
of 1812. The bill was road, and passed to a sec-
ond reading; and tho report was ordered to be 1
printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of John W. Pray, submitted an adverse re- '
port; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the legal represent-
atives of James Purvis, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers relating to the claim of
Catharine Kellar, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Mason and oth-
ers, heirs of Jeremiah Oilman, submitted an ad-
verse report; winch was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Virginia Rose and
the co-heirs of Captain Alexander Rose, of the
revolutionary army, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 2)3) for the relief of the
heirs of Captain Alexander Rose. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re- j
port was ordered to be printed. j
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom were referred additional
papers relating to claims to lands in the Munsee
reservation in Kansas, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration, and that they be
referred to tho Secretary of the Interior; which
was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
165) authorizing the construction of a dry-dock
for the naval service, reported it without amend-
ment; and submittedareporton the subject, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr.MALLORY,from theComrnittee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of George .Tcw-
ett, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 245) to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of Luther Jewett, late collector of the dis-
trict of Portland and Falmouth, in the State of
Maine. -The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed,
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled bill
(H. R. No. 313) to provide for the oiganization
of a regiment of mounted volunteers for the de-
fense of the frontier of Texas, and to authorize
the President to call into the service of the United
States two additional regiments of volunteers;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KENNEDY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (3. No 2G) for the benefit of the nearest
male heir of the late Major General Towson, Uni-
ted States Army, deceased; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
244) for the relief of Henry G. Carson; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
2JG) to piovide for the geological and mineralogi-
es!. Hui vey of the Territory of No w M exico; which
was lead twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
OBITUARY ADDRESSES.
Mr. HOUSTON. I movn to lee up the res-
olution winch I submitted yesterday, as a substi-
tute fei the lvnorr of the Committee on Printing:,
in repaid to pnntine," the obituary addiesses mi
the death of certain membcis.
The motion wa*J agreed to: and the Senate pro-
ceeded to ^m«'ider the resolution.
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask that the
resolution be ic.ul.
The Clml: ici.d it, as follows:
llrsolre-'. Thai there he pune-il, m p'ltnnhlet fo-m.foi the
u-i<3 oi i'k\> -siMe. ton th'.H-aud •>« o! the addict's ma<h.
bv the nn nihi i of ihi- H.-n.Ue cuu! iiionljoi- of jhe IIou-o
<>! Uopiev.'i'um e*, u.iou the o:-ca-ion^ of the death of ihc
Hon. A. P. l.uilei. oS South ruiolic!:', Hon. Jauie-, Boil, of
New e, am! II-hi. Thuiii.H lla -K. of Te\a<, J.ite
nt tfe L'liit'jd Sfut"*-: a,id (hat tho Punter to the
Si'inf" be (''leered to ptepase them in a sitiiilai mannei lo
the eulojics oa the hie of lion. John M. Clayton.
, Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the at-
I tention of tho Senate to this resolution, which is
! introduced by the Senator from Texas as a sub-
| stitute for the advcise iepoiton the same subject
i made by the Committee on Piintiog. The com-
i mittee were satisfied that, unless the practice in-
: dicatcd by the resolution were arrested, it would
i be cairicd into effect in every instance where a
; death may hereafter occur in the Senate. The
I committee do not believe that it is the sense of the
i Senate that this should be done. It has been done
! heretofore in only a few instances, on the deaths of
I very extraordinarily eminent men. The eom-
I mittee do not dispute that those whoso names it
i is now sought to commemorate in tins manner
i were eminent men. The relations borne to them
by the mcra'x rs of the commttteo preclude tho
possibility of any one corning to tho conclusion
that it is from any disiespect to them or their mem-
ory that an adverse report has been made by tho
Committee on Printing upon the proposition to
print the addresses and eulogiums delivered upon
the occasions of the enunciation of their deaths
here. * :
The estimated cost of this printing, I will now
state, and I shall allude to that no further, is up-
wards of two thousand dollars. " The
do not believe that it is necessary to the fame of
these gentlemen that this expense should be in-
curred for the purpose of publishingabook. The
committee know and feel sensibly the very great
difficulty, as well as the very great delicacy, that
exists in any effort which is made to abridge the
honors that shall hereafter be paid, or that shall
now be paid, to deceased members of this body;
but they believe that a proper respect for the opin-
ions which have been manifested throughout the
Senate in regard to the practices connected with
public printing, deemed to bo vicious in many re-
spects, requires them to report against a project
which involves an expense to the public Treas-
ury without any corresponding benefit.
The committee have another reason for insist-
ing upon retrenchment in these matters upon the
present occasion. This resolution embraces the
names of three of our deceased members. All of
us feel the highest respect for the menflory of each
of those gentlemen, and many the most ardent
affection. Such being the ease, we can arrest this
practice now without any charge of being in-
vidious. If we wait to do it hereafter, until an
occasion when but a single member shall have left
us, it will be pronounced invidious, the attempt
will not succeed, and the practice will become es-
tablished. That is the belief of the committee.
Holding that it is no disrespect to the memory of
these gentlemen whatever, and that the public
service and its economy ought to be preserved by
all respectful and proper action in this body, the
Committee on Printing have instructed me to re-
port adversely, and to make this statement of facts
m behalf of the action they have taken. 1 hope
the resolution of the Senator from Texas, as a
substitute for the report of the Committee on
Printing, will not be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I should like to have that sub-
stitute read.
The Clerk read the resolution submitted by Mr.
Houston.
Mr. STUART. Is that a substitute ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. It is an inde-
pendent resolution. The Senator from Texas said
lie designed it as a substitute for the report of the
committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, no remarks
which I may ofler to the Senate on this occasion
can possibly be construed into any disrespect for
the Committee on Printing, or the judgment which
they have formed upon this subject. I congratu-
late tho country upon the spirit of economy and
retrenchment that is manifested by the report in
this case; but it reminds me of a farmer who de-
termined to be very economical. His pigeons
were sometimes troublesome, and they were in
the habit of going into the gable end of his bam,
j and there destroying some of his grain. He con-
! eluded that he would Stop that waste. He closed
! tho gable end, but forgot to shut the door, and all
the smaller animals and barn yard-fowl got in.
So this is really beginning to retrench upon this
little item when we find that there is great waste
generally throughout the expenditures of Con-
gress. We are to set an example by retrenching
this mere trifle of expense.
I have no disposition to enlarge the sphere of
expenditure and extravagance; but I consider this
a matter that concerns the feelings and the rep-
utation of the Senate. Three gentlemen of our
companions here have lately left this body; they
were all respectable; they were not undistin-
guished, any one of them. It has been the prac-
tice heretofore to publish the obituary addresses
delivered on the occasion of the death of gentle-
men who have died whiV members of this body.
When there has been such a manifest calamity
visiting this body as the death of three distin-
guished members of it m one year, I do not seo
that we should begin retrenchment here. Re-
trenchments ought, m my opinion, to be prospect-
live and not retroactive in their effect. If it is
! thought proper or wise by the Senate to stop this
I practice, let them make a rule from henceforth
forbidding it, and let it be understood; and then
no disrespect can be offered to any one, as it can
point to no one in particular. In this case, I think
it would be a reflection on the memory of these
