2532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 31,
any, to build a railroad bridge at either point
now, or at any time. I am in favor of crossing
the Potomac river by railroad, not at the site of
the present Long Bridge, where you must always
have draws, obstructing; the passage—where you
must always have the risk of running off through
those draws, but where it may be permanent,
constructed upon stone piers, and the railroad
will run over a distance of three hundred yards,
• instead of running largely over a mile, across a
bridge. As I said before, I do not want to dis-
cuss the question. These are the reasons for the
movement. I hope We shall have a vote.
- Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope we shall have a vote.
As much interested as I am in the bridge, I am
unwilling to debate it, and delay the bill. I will
only say that I differ very much with the Sena-
tor from Mississippi in regard to the grounds
he has taken. I do not believe the Long Bridge
affects the health of the city; I believe it can
be shown that the mud flat was there before the
bridge was put there. It may give some little
inconvenicnce to navigation, but that is all. The
convenience of the bridge is to market people and
those who arc trading here. There is a system
of roads on the other side, in Virginia, made in
reference to this bridge, which has been there
forty years. But I shall not detain the Senate
with discussion. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe with the Senator from
Georgia, but 1 shall not repeat his argument, that
all the bridges stand on the same footing so far as
appropriations from the Treasuiy are concerned.
* I wish to say, however, that I do not believe this
bridge is injurious to the navigation of the Poto-
mac as high as Georgetown. T believe it is ben-
eficial to it. The bar which is formed now above
the causeway is the result of the great expansion
of the river. It would be distributed through the
whole channel if there were no obstruction inter-
posed there of an artificial character. The bar
results from the causeway; and from the bar re-
sults the deeper channel unclur the diaw-bridgc.
I believe it is an improvement to the navigation
of George,town; I believe it is an injury to the
health of the western part of Washington; but if
we are to continue appropriations for bridges
leading from the capital into Maryland and Vir-
ginia, I do*not see why this should be excluded,
for 1 think it the best of the whole biood.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays JJU; as follows:
YI'iA^—Mc-ms. l.eii, Benjamin, Hiiuht. linm'n, Chand-
ler, <'lav, Foot, Fo- 'iT. JdIiii -ihi el T< ntu'^ c<,
Kenncd\. M.illoty, Pol!,, I'uyh. Uiee, Sew ;n,|, Shiiell, Stu
art, Tjiunii^uu ot i\entuck\, Wil-on. and \\'i i-'hl —
£ NAYS — Aic-sir>. Alieu, lii;;lei, n.odi'iirk. (L. (.'imtf
^ man, Coil.uun, ("i itteiuh n, Dim-, i>'\o:i, Dmkee, ^n/-
puinek, fiic.'ii, Hamlin. Si.uLui, Ua\ue, IlotMon, llnntci,
Iver-on. Johnson of Aikaiisas. .Inn,"., M:i-.on, U.'ui, Sebas-
tian, Simmons, 'J'lioia-on ot iv'ew Jew), Toombs Tiutu-
bull, Wade, and Yulee - j!).
So the SrLiate lofuscd to strike out.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the bill by
adding after line one hundred and ninety-five,
which makes an appropriation foi lighting Penn-
sylvania avenue:
lA>r extending gas pip'^ ihion^U the public* ie°viva-
tion, ( oaMn<>nl\ known :i-. the -Mall, oil Four and a-hail and
Seventh and Twditb wheels,,* l {>,.100, or so ie.u<di theieof as
maybe found invo atj,to hi; expended undci tin* duce
tion oi% the Se<ietaiyol the Inle.rn, n > soon a-j the <ris
pipes shall h:; extended to ihe ed^eof the lesei v Hum ><r
Mall aforesaid, by tin; <-ny auihouue^or citizeiu- mtousted
tlieiem.
The House of Representatives have passed a
bill, which lies upon the table, for this object,
and it was unanimously agreed to by the Senate
Committee on the District of Columbia. I move
it in this form, the substance of it at least, to
avoid the necessity of discussion, or an attempt
to pas* that bill. The public reservation called
the Mai), divides all of the southern portion
of the city from all the noithem portion. The
City authorities and persons interested, aie very
anxious to extend the gas into the portion of the
city m which the penitentiary and othei public
buildings are, but they are not disposed to pay
the expense of running gas pipes and putting up
lamp-po$ts through the public grounds. This is
simply to do for ilm Government wha t evei y citi-
zen is required to do m front of his own house,
to put down your own gas pipes and put up your
own lamp-posts over your own grounds.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that the peo-
ple of the city ought to provide the pipes which
are to carry gas. It is for the benefitof the city.
If we light Pennsylvania avenue and the public
buildings, it is as much as wc ought to be required
to do.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator had listened to
what I said, ho would have seen that it is con-
fined exclusively to the public grounds, and the
appropriation is not to be made until the gas is
taken through all the property-which belongs to
the city and private citizens. All you are asked
to do is simply to extend it through the ground
that belongs to the public—the Mall, the public
reservation on which the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, the Washington Monument, and the Public
Armory are located.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not think there is any
public interest in lighting that up with gas. I hope
the amendment will be voted down.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee oil the District of Columbia to offer the fol-
lowing amendment: after line one hundred and
sixty-one, appropriating for the insane hospital,
insert:
For the salaries and incidental expends of the Institu-
tion tor the instruction ot't'io Deaf and Dumb and Blind m
j the Uistiictot Columbia, authou/sed by the act, appiovud
| May y9, $:5,0U0.
Subsequent to the time when the estimates were
made by the Department, we passed a law, which
I hold in my hand, appropriating $]5,Q0U—$3,001)
a year, for five years—to this institution. The
amendment is diawn in the language of the law.
It was approved by the President on the 29th day
of this month.
Mr. HUNTER. Are these the salaries pro-
vided by law ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir. The language of
the appropriation is the language of the law, which
is,k'shall be nl lowed for five years for the payment
of salaries and incidental expenses of said insti-
tution. " That is the language of the amendment.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 am directed by the same
committee to oiler the following amendment, to
follow line one hundred and ninety-live.
'L'hat heieafter the noithcin boundaiy of the corporation
of Cleoigeunvu shall Ik: leimuiated by the protou^anon ot a
line aloir?the mad and Ki;;hih stieet, to the \v< stem limits
of the pic-ent eoipojahoii : +bul piovuled, That the piop-
eity set a pat t hom ihe nicoi poiatod hunts, a <3 above, fhall
he appiawd by three commi-— toners, appointed bv the cir-
cuit coin ( ol {lie Hi -tilet, and the owneis thereof shall pay
into t he ! iea iny of llie cm poiation of Geoi^etovnniu eqti il
annu il i't-t,;Hiiieii;> of one, two. tluec, iout, live, and *i\-
vea'*, 'Ueh -ntiis as s,ud eomnu-.-toueis shall apportion as
an equitable hitiool ihe se\eial estate* set ap.ut, to the
U liole \ 'line of tile appUl-ed 1 C.ll estate Ol {JcoiiJetou n, ,ls
sho\v a by't- la-t appt.n -i>meut • **2>ul ■}>roi i.l-'t1 Tna' an ap
pea! fioi ni!;e -,ii 11 eonnm -lonei !,ia\ lie ia\< n bv tea* o\\ ii"i
er ovVii' l ■. oi «in\ pioi pieces ol piopeiiv, to the ciU'Uit
com I, <iii(l Ut.u i he decision ot said t om t >hall Ikmi-iuI an l
conelusive  Jar? <>i 'iMi.U the icpori ot th'1 said
' eonnnr - toiieis shall he rutcied up m said eouit as imbiineut
1 acauir.t the piO|,ci'.y, to be collected by t-uit, as othei taxes
i ou lu.ii est He .tie < olb'Cted.
I I will detain the Senate for a very few moments,
| while I ftate tin; reawons which brought the com •
| mittee to the conclusion at which tWey at rived in
j this'matter. It will he seen, if Senators will take
j the trouble to look at the plan wlneh I hold in
; my hand, that the city of Georgetown is very
j neaily a parallelogram. At the northeast corner
1 of that city is a little strip of land, about sixty
i rods wide, and very neaily a mile long,piojecisu«^
i into the county. It is suburban-, it is nuai; it is
! as much a pail of the county as all the rest of
i the county that surrounds it.
I Mr. ILUNTEft. Will the Senator from Maine
allow me to appeal to him r We cannot put this
' sort of legislation on an appropriation bill, if we
j do, wc shall not get through m three, or four, or
fi\"! Jjionths.
i INJpF. HAMLIN. I am not going to detain the
' Senate live minutes: I will make shoit speeches,
j This strip of land runs up, as I say, about three
quarters of a mile, ,nid contains lots that arc es-
timated at about four acres each. The onerous
| part of it is that upon these lots, which are little
! farms, the auth01.t1e.-5 of Georgetown assess front
' taxes to make roads and to pay for gas lights
. down in the city. All, or nearly all of the eom-
1 mittec went to the ground for the purpose of look-
! ma: at it and examining it. A majority of the
committee—I think e^ery member who went there
—was decidedly of the opinion that it was a se-
vere tax to compel these men to remain within the
corporation limits of the city proper, who want
to keep the property still for taxation. The cor-
poration of Georgetown asked a rehearing and
we gave it; and after that rehearing, we all came
to the same conclusion again, and the committee
instructed me to offer this amendment. There is
a city debt; I think the Mayor told me it was
about two hundred thousand dollars. No matter
what it may he, the amendment provides that the
property shall be assessed, and that the owners
shall pay, in six equal animal installments, the
amount which would be their proportion relative-
ly, on the value of their property.
Mr. MASON. How are you to enforce the
payments ?
Mr. HAMLIN. The section pledges the lands
for the payment of them, by which pledge they
will certainly be holden.
Mr. MASON. I agree with my colleague per-
i fectly, independently of the merits or demerits of
j this question, be they what they may; the pro-
! position is to put alien matter on an appropriation
I bill. •
I Mr. HAMLIN. I want to state one fact. This
j amendment comes in at the very point where we
] are called upon to make an appropriation for these
! very streets I want it to go 011 heio, and cut off
j that tail end of the city running up into the coun-
! ty, for the purpose of saving us hereafter from
1 appropriations to that part which is in the county
| substantially; and wo might just as well make
' appropuations for all the rest of the county of
; Washington as for that little point of land. That
■ is my judgment.
j Mr. MASON. I still say it is to ingraft alien
i matter altogether on an uppiopnation bill, and
' matter exceedingly inteiestmg to the persons who
j live in that part of the county. We cannot m-
. quire into, or discuss, or understand it 011 an ap-
! propriation bill. 1 hope it will not pass.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 18, noes 19.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer an amend-
i nient, to come in at the end of the first section of
] the bill:
Foi satisfwnr; the claims of the States of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts iindei the -aipulatum ol tlu> tieat.v between the
United States and Ureal Cutain, concluded on the SUh day
of Auyiist, 111 the year IS 1*2. a sum not exceedni'i^'i 1,49f> bl
I 111 satiM,-tenon of Mich claims of the Ntaw o; Ai/'inie ; and
j 13 in satisfaction ol hke claims ot llie State ot Mas-
! sachtweit'; to he audited by the piojiei accounting othccis
| 01 the Tiea-un,.
I Mr. HUNTER. What are those claims for?
! I should hke to have some explanation.
Mr. MASON. Those chums are to return to
| those States respectively that amount of money,
wlueli the Stales of Maine and Massachusetts ex-
pended m defense of the Aroostook country, as it
' was called, and is piovid'.'d for by the tieuty of
[ 1^42. The States have paid, from time to tune,
, the claims as they eame in. They were sent to
j tlie Treasury Depai tment, examined by the proper
^ accounting ollicer, and are said to be just and cor-
; reet. *
s Mr. IICNTER. Are they provided for in the
! treaty ?
j Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
i Mr. POLlv. I will also state that one of them
has already passed the Seriate—the one in favor
: of the State of Maine.
| Mr. VESSKNDEN. Not this; that is another
: matter.
il The amendment was agreed to.
j! Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Commit-
II tee on Foreign Relations to offer another amend*
', nient of hke ehaiacter:
'i „<])>;! }.'> it fiiflhcr enacted. That the p«oper aceountintroffi-
,1 ce-1 s of the Tica-ury lie directed to a eeiMni. as among the
! cxpendifiie-! ol the ^tatc ot Maine ;a defending the iem-
'! toiv h'Mot<)iou: in disputo with G.cat Uutain, luc amounts
, paid in bOHovuncr moir;> for expenditures bejond tli-i
I j ititc oi ?i\ per centum per annum, w.ietiiei ni the ibiin of
1 discoutit-5, or otiiui wise, in «ii! cases in \vh th the punoipal
i of siK-ii e\pciuirnre^ and ui?eie-,t upon them at the rate of
1 six per eentiun luue heictoEoie been iclunded to t-aid .State
by the United States ; and that the SceiecaiV be dnccted to
! pay the amount -vo a-ccitaiucd out of any moneys m the
I. Tieas-tiry not o'licavisc appropi Jated,to an> piopeil> autlior-
il izod oilieer of saul State". In makmsi the ascertainment
beiem dofjeieJ. the accounting olficeis shall compute t:io
| puneipai and lutcje&t of the difterenec between the cash
lecetved In viune 111 ne<jouanng itock-sand notes, and the
: nonui>aS asno nit of such atoc'is and notes, ,1.5,1 rise nueiest
accuied theieon ; and in cav s where Maine wa  obliged, m
; ne^etiram^ soi money.-, to iiicrc\^e the iv.te of inten -at on
i pifcviou.s loans, the amount of such n-ciease thall be com-
puted and allowed, but not so els to icekon interest upon in-
terest.
