1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
sidered. I further said to my honorable friend
from Virginia, that if it was the disposition of
the ruling powers of the country, at this time,
to correct the frauds by undervaluations, and
realiy to supply the wants of the Treasury ac-
cording to the fair interpretation of the existing
law, and it was unconstitutional to bring forward
such a measure here, why was it not done in the
House of Representatives? I consider that the
strongest statement, looking at it in a party point
of view, stronger than any other part of the state-
ment I made.
I had not time to arrange my thoughts, or even
to take any notes with such order and precision
that I could present them clearly and satisfacto-
rily to the Senate; but still I went into some argu-
ment to show that it was impossible in the na-
ture of things that the productive capacity of this
country could have increased so extraordinarily
as to have justified the greafincrease of our im-
portations from 1857 to this time, an average in-
crease of |15,000,000 per annum. It was impos-
sible in the nature of things, as I conceive, that
this could have been a healthy increase. I know
there were one or two years of high prices pro-
duced by the state of things in Europe when we
got more for our produce and breadstuffs on ac-
count of short crops abroad; but that is an incon-
siderable item of the large increase from $347 to
1857. In 1857, the imports were one hundred and
sixty or one hundred and seventy millions more
than they were ten years ago. I say the ability
to buy articles has not increased with that rapid-
ity, and the inference which I wished to draw
from all this was, that the gentleman who had
charge of the finances of the Government ought to
have seen it.
In reference to the currency, I mean to say noth-
ing, now. I shall not go into the question of the
exportation of specie, because the honorable Sen-
ator has not alluded to it; and what I am now say-
ing I wish to be strictly in reply to him. My ar-
gument was intended to show that if he would
give the proper weight and consideration to this
large increase of our importations in the last ten
years, he would see that much of it was founded
upon credit; it was artificial; it was not a true
index of the ability of the country either to buy
or to pay; and that when he relied upon a revival
of trade and business in this country on the fig-
ures of 1855, 1856, and 1857, his calculations
would never be realized, and he had bettor make
provision ai once for an increased revenue. I think,
upon a fair and deliberate consideration of the
facts I have presented, any man will see that they
furnish no grounds of faith that this country will,
within any short period, reach a similar condition
of prosperity so far as itis indicated by the amount
of merchandise imported.
Another thing I threw in—an appeal to the
good feelings and sympathies of men—an appeal
to which, as I pointed out, the English Govern-
ment was ever ready to respond. I thought we
might fairly adopt the proposition of the Senator
from Rhode Island, as providing the means of
paying the debt proposed to be contracted and
supplying the Treasury next year; for the Sena-
tor from Virginia himself does not pretend to say
that he calculates with any certainty that the or-
dinary receipts of the revenue will pay the expen-
ditures of the next year, and I pointed to the fact
that at the close of the next year you would have
a public debt of more than seventy or eighty mil-
lion dollars. Looking back to the circumstances
to which I have already alluded as to the charac-
ter of our trade, I thought we all ought at once to
perceive that there was no good sense or wisdom
in delaying for a year or two to see whether busi-
ness would revive. I thought the evidence was
conclusive, that it could not and would not, to
such an extent as would meet the wants of the
Government; and hence, I thought we might as
well, at once, relieve the country to the extent
that such a measure would relieve those who have
been thrown out of employment, by increasing
the imposts upon imported merchandise coming
in conflict with the domestic produce of the coun-
try. The honorable Senator from Virginia has
drawn into his short argument, made to-day, that
ad captandum—I will not call it by any less dig-
nified name—appeal which is made on such oc-
casions about the injustice done to the poor by
increasing the impositions upon the articles of
imported merchandise.
Mr. HUNTER. I said nothing about the
poor. I spoke of the consumers. The consum-
ers embrace poor and rich.
Mr. BELL. I understand; but then the hon-
orable Senator alluded to the appeal madg on ac-
count of the suffering portion of the community
now thrown out of employment, and said, " how
could that be, when you take from one class, by
imposing protective duties, to put into the pockets
of the capitalists, those who are not suffering?"
He said you increase the means of the capitalists
and you throw the burden on the unemployed,
the poor, the toiling millions. The honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia and the honorable Senator from
Georgia do not differ much when we c6me to dis-
cuss that point. It is in that odious point of view
that the arguments of some of the gentlemen on
this side of the Chamber are held up and presented
before the country. My own judgment on the
subject is, that unless you lay a duty so great as
to prohibit the importation of articles, the effect of
duties affording protection to a reasonable extent
on the great bulk of manufactured articles that
come in conflict with similar articles which we
have the raw material and the skill and knowledge
to manufacture here, diminish prices in the end,
and that the capitalist, after all, can receive only
a reasonable remunerative price or interest on his
capital, such as all other employments justify. I
will not detain the Senate further.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to ask the Senator
from Tennessee a question: how the proposed
modification of the manner of collecting the duties
would entirely avoid the danger of fraud ? He
alleges fraud to exist now, and to some extent,
no doubt, it does. I wish to know how he is
going to avoid it; how the proposed plan will do
it?
Mr. BELL. I will answer to the best of my
knowledge and judgment. Youcannotaltogether
avoid frauds by a change in the mode of valua-
tion. Frauds will continue to exist, to some ex-
tent, under any system. I only pretend to say
that they must more exceedingly abound under
the present practice of the Government in collect-
ing revenue than could possibly be the case in
collecting revenue under the system of home val-
uation. Of course there may be a difference be-
tween the judgment of appraisers in one port and
another. One proposition is to fix New York as
a standard. I have conversed with the honora-
ble Senator from Virginia on this subject hereto-
fore, and he asked me how you would fix a value
in any one port that would be equally just in Cal-
ifornia? I replied that, if the standard was fixed
at New York, and the effect should be that we
lost in the revenue in regard to the goods con-
sumed in California, the consequence would be
that the importing merchant and consumers in
California would pay less duty.
Mr. DAVIS. It might be more.
Mr. BELL. It might be more according to the
principles on whieli you base the calculation, but
now they would pay a less duty in San Francisco
by the New York standard. I presume the stan-
dard would be fixed at the wholesale market value
at New York. You might make some deductions
one way or the other, if you thought proper; but
that is the idea and the principle. When you take
goods from New York to California, the cost of
freightand transportation from New York to Cal-
ifornia adds to their value; and then, when you
require the merchants and consumers in Califor-
nia to pay duty only by the New York standard,
you lessen the burden upon them. The article,
the moment it arrives there, is worth more than
that standard by the cost of transportation and
insurance and commissions. All that would be
added; but they would pay no duty on it. That
would be unfair to some extent, and might be
said by some gentlemen to be contrary to the
Constitution; but practically, 1 think, in levying
revenue in a country like this, so divided as our
sea-ports are, that is a matter of small considera-
tion compared with the great importance of hav-
ing our system uniform as far as practicable, and
our revenues honestly raised.
Now, I will state another fact. When I was at
New Orleans, some six or seven years ago—and I
dare say the representatives from Louisiana can
verify it—I learned that the merchants could then,
notwithstanding the honesty of our appraisers,
actually import their goods cheaper through New
York. The honest merchants, who would not
condescend to use false invoices, found it was
better to have their goods shipped to New York,
en tered there, and then reshipped to Ne w Orleans,
with all the charges of reloading, the coastwise
freight, and insurance. That was a mode by
which some of them continued in the trade so as
to avoid the competition which they had to meet
in New Orleans with merchants who imported
under the custom-house invoice system.
I am not familiar with these subjects, as my
friend from Mississippi very well knows. They
have not been in my line atall; but I studied them
to some extent when I saw that they were likely
to arise here. I do not know that I have given
a satisfactory answer; but I think my friend from
Rhode Island could perhaps devise a scheme that
would be satisfactory.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator from Ten-
nessee does himself injustice. He shows famil-
iarity with the general principles involved, but I
do not think he removes my difficulty by any
means. The question which I asked presents to
my mind several difficulties. In the first place,
I do not see how it would be possible (to take the
ports he names, San Francisco and New York)
for the appraisers at San Francisco to know the
value of any article of commerce in New York
upon the day when it was entered in the harbor
of San Francisco. The price is fluctuating, and
the time is considerable between the two ports.
If the price was ascending or descending, the ap-
praisers in San Francisco would make the error
just in proportion to the ascent or descent of its
value in the port of New York.
Mr. BELL. That would be a practicalincon-
vcnience.
Mr. DAVIS. Then again the Senator is quite
mistaken in supposing that all commerce must
incur an increase of value by going to San Fran-
cisco. I think one of the great elements in the pre-
sent system likely to produce discontents among
the people of the Pacific coast is that we legis-
late entirely in relation to our duties on imports
by regarding the interests of those people, who
look out on the Atlantic and draw their trade
across it; but the people of the Pacific coast must
some day or other have a very extensive trade of
an Asiatic character. Now to take an article
which is already one of considerable import into
the harbor of San Francisco, Chinese rice, how
would an appraiser at San Francisco determine
the value of Chinese rice, in the port of New
York, where not one grain probably ever enters
as merchandise ?
Mr. BELL. That could be provided for.
Mr. DAVIS. It could not possibly. The arti-
cle has no value in New York known to the ap-
praiser. So a very large class of French goods
are imported into New Orleans which find no
other market in the United States. How are you
to fix a New York standard for measuring these
foods which are never imported into New York?
t is impossible. And if you could reach it, if
goods of Asiatic production should enter into
New York and become matter of merchandise
there and acquire value there, would it be fair to
impose upon an importer in San Francisco the
increase of value of those goods when they should
have been carried around the Cape and on a
stormy sea to the port of New York ? It would
be manifestly unjust, manifestly injurious to the
trade of those people who look out upon the
Pacific and not on the Atlantic.
I think, therefore, that, whilst we are met at
the first step with the difficulty, at last you must
rely on the intelligence and integrity of the ap-
praisers, as you do now; and, secondly, that, by
such a regulation as is proposed, you give a pref-
erence to one port over another, making it the
interest of the merchant to do that which the Sen-
ator from Tennessee finds that, in some cases, the
merchant in New Orleans now does—making it
always his interest to import into New York;
having no additional charge of duty when he ar-
rives at New Orleans, if he brings the goods from
New York; but having an additional charge if he
brings them from elsewhere. It is to create a pref-
erence for that port over the others, necessarily;
