1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1509
but all admit that great abuses have crept into
the system of printing. The committee are the
proper agents of the Senate, and if they are ex-
pected to reform these crying abuses, they must
be sustained by the Senate. The Senator from
Texas says this is a small matter. It is so. It
is with small matters reforms must commence.
These small items have increased to an aggregate
of millions yeaily. Here is a proper place for
beginning; and if the Senate will sustain thecom-
mittee, they believe that by the end of the session
they can show such a reformation as will gratify
every gentleman here, and greatly relieve the
Treasury. The sum already saved is very large,
and the committee will see that no more " picture-
books" will be printed by their recommendation.
The only work begun, and not completed, is the
Mexican Boundary Survey.' The first volume
has cost over one hundred thousand dollars, and
it may reach one hundred and fifty thousand more;
for no man can tell, before it is ended, what those
pictures, of which the Senator from Mississippi
so justly complains, will cost. It is this rage for
unnecessary embellishment which has so greatly
increased the cost of the public printing. As an
evidence of this, one item occurs to my mind. A
single dish of strawberries in the last Patent Office
report, cost, for engraving and printing, over two
thousand dollars. Tins is a question of business,
of economy, if you like, and its decision, then,
should be without reference to the merits of the
distinguished dead. Their fame does not need it.
Mr. PUGH. Has the resolution been before
the committee ?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir; and they have re-
ported against it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a resolu-
tion presented by the Senator from Texas, as a
substitute for the report of the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. HALE. There is not certainly a man in
the Senate who would be less suspected of any
prejudice against this proposition than myself, for
one of these gentlemen was a deceased colleague
of mine, with whom I lived upon the most inti-
mate terms of friendship for thirty years; but I
have long thought that we were going wrong in
this direction, and that obituaries of this kind
ought not to be printed. I concur with the sug-
gestions so well made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 Printing. I think if we are ever going
to begin a reform, this is the place. We may
begin it here without any invidious distinctions.
During the last recess, three members of this
body, from different sections of the country, were
called away; one of them was my own colleague,
from the State of New Hampshire. But, sir, the
thing has been going on, constantly increasing,
and if you do not stop here, it will nevac stop. It
has not always been confined to members of the
Senate. I think the Senate went so far in the case
of Mr. Webster as to have eulogies delivered here,
and printed at the expense of the Senate, on the
occasion of his death, though he had long before
ceased to be a member of the body.
I have long thought we were running into fool-
ish and extravagant expenses, not only in this
respect, but in the matter of funerals. I thought
when Mr. Adams died there was a very useless
and unnecessary parade at the public expense.
When Mr. Calhoun died it was repeated; but I
did not want to object then. When the House
of Representatives had been guilty of that folly
in reference to one northern man, and the Senate
in reference to one southern man, I hoped we
should be done with the folly of sending commit-
tees of Congress all the way from Washington to
the places where the dead members were to be
buried. Butanotherinstancecameup of a very em-
inent and distinguished man, and although I had
determined to interpose objections, and notified his
colleague that I would do so, yet, on further re-
flection , I felt unequal to the task. That was the
ease of Mr. Clay. We sent a committee to Ken-
tucky to attend to his funeral. This thing has
been increasing, and will increase; and if you do
not stop it now, you will never stop it. Now we
can stop with the greatest advantage to ourselves
and to the country, and we can stop without of-
fending anybody.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall feel that the action
of the Senate is retroactive and disrespectful to
the memory of these gentlemen if it refuses now to
follow the usual course. If it is to be prospective
in its action it can very readily intimate that now,
and it will be understood, and then if an instance
should occur hereafter, this printing will not be
expected. If gentlemen intend to retrench at this jl
point, they should go further in order to make \\
the retrenchment perfect. Every column that is
published of the proceedings of Congress costs 'j
seven dollars and a half. That expense has al- !j
ready been incurred in this case; and what is now I
proposed is but a trifling addition to that. In or-lj
der to perfect the system of economy it will be jj
proper not to make the announcement of the death ;i
of a member at all. I cannot see why it is that .|
it is necessary to begin here with the proposed n
retrenchment when itis retroactive in its influence |i
upon the body, and upon the world. The honor-1:
able Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] who
opposes my proposition, had an agency in inaug- \<
urating this system, as he says, in reference to Mr. ji
Clayton. I admit his distinction; I admit his ij
worth; I admit the eminent services that he had !}
rendered to the country; but is that to be the rule
of action > Are exceptions to be made among those
members who have departed, upon a supposed
distinction between them in point of eminence ?
The Senator from Maine intimates that benefits
are to flow from such publications to those who
delivered the eulogies. If that is supposed to be
the case, I shall move that the remarks I made on
the death of my late colleague be excepted, for I
did not think them cither worthy of the occasion,
or creditable to myself, being unprepared. I felt
a delicacy in moving in this matter, because of
my participation. I was importuned again and
again to bring forward some measure to secure
this publication. I was solicited to do so by my
constituents, who desired to see what had been
said on the occasion of the enunciation of the
death oftheirdistinguished Senator. From Maine,
from New York, from every portion of the coun-
try, I have received application for these obitua-
ries. I have brought forward the proposition from
a sense of duty, not for the purpose of rendering
my name conspicuous, or showing what fine
things I had said, not in order to gam eclat from
the world. I had no disposition to seek notoriety
without fame, nor did I care much about that.
What I said was impromptu, and without prepa-
ration. I shall move to amend my resolution by
excepting from the publication the lemarks which
I made in announcing the death of my late dis-
tinguished colleague, that 1 may disabuse the Sen- ;j
ator's mind of the idea that I had any object of a
sinister character. jl
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg the Senator to un- j
derstand me. I meantno sortof imputation upon |i
the motives of the Senator from Texas, or any- 1
body else. What I said was, that the effect of ;i
these publications was to give notoriety to those
who made the addresses on the occasion, rather '
than to add to the reputation of those who were
spoken of. I did not suggest the motive, nor did '
1 intimate, that there was anv motive other than
a proper one in the mind of the mover or any one
else. !
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not misapprehend the ,
Senator at all. His remark was a gpneral one, j
and had no reference to me; but I should be per- 1
fectly willing to be excluded from the possible '
benefits which it is supposed may result from this j
publication to those who participated in these obit- i
uanes. I am willing to exclude ray remarks al-
together, as I did not think they were worthy of ij
the occasion, or creditable to myself, being en- !j
tirely unprepared. j]
If we are to begin on this occasion, it is a most !|
extraordinary evidence of retrenchment. Let it \'
be hereafter understood, if you please, that no jj
more notices of this kind are to be needed, and ij
let no more announcements be made of the death ■'
of Senators to this body, if you intend to effect |j
a real retrenchment. \[
So far as the gentleman's remarks went in re- i
lation to Army and Navy contracts, if he will I
only bring forward a measure to conect those ;j
evils, he will not find a more cordial cooperation ;
from any individual in this body than from my-
self. I will go with him heart and hand in cor- :
reefing abuses of magnitude in the first instance; !
but I will not begin at minor matters^ that are j!
mere trifles in themselves, and on occasions that Ij
require a different course, in my humble cstima- ''
tion. If this has been a custom of the Senate,
this is not the place to begin the correction.
Henceforth you may have it understood, but do
not go back to the past. I do trust the Senate
will say that these obituaries shall be published.
What is §2,000? Wc waste it every day here in
nothing of any consequence.
Mr. MASON, i wish to say a very few words
on this subject. I think there can be no Senator
who will go further to restrain the exorbitant
expense in public printing than I will, and yet
I cannot but be aware that to refuse all expendi-
ture is no sort of economy. Improper, improvi-
dent, and wasteful expenditure is that which is to
be checked by the exercise of economy. These
books, one of which has been pioduced here by
the Senator from Mississippi, involve, in my judg-
ment, a properexpenditure, provided that expend-
iture is under proper guards. We send abroad
exploring parlies through the country, and neces-
sarily so, in the discharge of the great duties to
the public that devolve upon the Government,
exploring for the Pacific railroad, the Mexican
boundary, and explorations by officers of the
Army for military purposes. They are required,
and properly required, to make a journal: and
when they make their report to the head of the
Department, the work is done; but it would seem
to me to follow, as a necessary incident to that
work, that it should be published by Congress
and diffused; and yet I do not know where the
propei restraint is, as I am not at all conversant
with the details; whether it is in the Committee
on Public Printing, or whether it rests with the
Executive Departments, but it should rest some-
where to check this truly unnecessary expendi-
ture m embellishing these books. Take the paint-
ed Indians, the scenes, the landscapes that are
given in them, or the matters of scientific discov-
ery m philosophy which are exhibited,and they
seem to me to be entirely out of place; and I am
informed, and I think correctly informed, that
they make one half the expenditure of these pub-
lications, or perhaps more than that. They are
utterly out of place, and derogatory to the char-
acter of the Government. To print the report
alone, which would diffuse the information con-
tained in them, I should think is not an improv-
ident use of the public money.
Then as to this particular source of expendi-
tures: why, sir, we know very well that it has
been the usage of the Senate to pay very great
honor to the memory of those who have served
their country long and faithfully, and who have
boon called from this world while serving here.
Committees have been sent home with them to
very distant parts of the Confederacy. Honors
have been rendered to them all the way while their
remains were passing through the country, and
great honors have been paid to them and to their
memories when they arrived at their homes. For
what? Not only as a grateful acknowledgment
for their public services, but with a view to im-
press, I think, upon the rising generation, the
character, the services, and the merits of those
men. It has been customary, also, to pay tributes
to their memories upon this floor, and upon the
floor of the other House. That is a usage with
which I am satisfied no Senator will be disposed
in the slightest degree to interfere—a very proper
usage. And then I should think it would follow as
an incident, that we should, in a plain way, with-
out ostentation or expense, diffuse those tributes
after they are thus given. Therefore, with every
desire in the world to unite with the honorable
Senator who is at the head of the Printing Com-
mittee to check improvident expenditure, I can-
not agree to this report.
Sir, if there be no means of checking improv-
ident expenditure but by denying all expendi-
tures, we shall have come to a very unfortunate
pass in the country. I confess, with the very great
respect I bear to the eminent and distinguished
gentleman who conducted the Mexican boundary
survey, it was with concern and regret that I saw
that his book also was the subject of unnecessary
and improvident embellishment. I can see no
reason for it, no propriety in it. I think it is de-
rogatory to the character of the Government that
it should send abroad books that are really inter-
esting for their matter, and for the information
they contain, with all these embellishments that
are worthy only of the humblest picture shops.
