1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
That is an improvident expenditure; but to print
the books and to diffuse them, I should not con-
sider extravagant. These are my views; and so
feeling, with every regret not to have it in my
power to follow the honorable chairman, I shall
feel required to vote for printing these eulogies.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The resolution
of the Senator from Texas was offered as a sub-
stitute for the report of the Committee on Print-
ing, which is now up for consideration. The
Clerk does not seem to understand its position.
If it were offered now as an independent resolu-
tion, it would necessarily be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, which has already reported
on the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark to the Senator from Arkansas, that
the Senator from Texas submitted his resolution,
and said he designed to offer it as a substitute for
the report of the Committee on Printing. The
Chair intended to state to the Senator from Texas,
when the discussion was through, that the only
mode by which he could accomplish his object,
•would be to move to proceed to the consideration
of the report of the Committee on Printing, and
when that was up, offer this as a substitute.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, I hope that will
be regarded by unanimous consent as having been
done, so that we may have a vote on the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The Chair
will say to the Senator from Texas, that his only
mode of accomplishing what is desired by him,
is to move to take up for consideration the report
of the Committee on Printing on the same sub-
ject.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that may be con-
sidered as up by the consent of the Senate; but I
make that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish now to
make no reply to anything that has been said in
regard to this matter. The action of the com-
mittee is understood by the Senate, and I trust we
shall have the vote.
Mr. BIGGS. I understand the motion of the
Senator from Texas, is to proceed now to the
consideration of the report of the committee; and
then, after proceeding to the consideration of the
report, he will move his substitute. It is now
up, I understand, by the decision of the Senate.
The PRESI DENTpro tempore put the question,
and there were calls for a division.
Mr. STUART. Is the division called for upon
the motion to take up the report?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
question pending.
Mr. KING. No division is required on that.
Mr. STUART. There is no objection to the
report coming up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the re-
port will be considered as before the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 now move this resolution
as a substitute for the report.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Do I understand the Sena-
tor from Texas to move to exclude his own re-
marks from the publication?
Several Senators. Oh, no.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an
adverse report from the Committee on Printing,
against the publication of these eulogies. The
Senator from Texas now moves this resolution
as a substitute for the adverse report.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I understand him to
move to exclude from the book that is to be pub-
lished, his own speech. I will say that I would
as soon think of publishing Hamlet with the part
of Hamlet omitted, as to publish the book with
the remarks of the Senator from Texas omitted.
If that motion should prevail, I should certainly
feel bound to vote against the proposition unless
each Senator whose speech was to be published
declined to have his speech published also. Then
I think the proposition would be entirely harmless.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Tho Senator
from Texas has not made that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Texas has moved no amendment of that
kind. The question is on the resolution offered
by him as a substitute for the report.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to explain very briefly
the reasons for my vote, as I do not wish to be
misunderstood. I shall vote for the resolution
of the Senator from Texas for the publication of
these obituary notices, but not on the ground that
I myself participated in a portion of the proceed-
ings to be thus solemnly published. It is not ne-
cessary for any use or purpose of mine that the
remarks which I made on those occasions should
be now published in this way. Congress pro-
vides for the publication in an authentic form of
every word which is ever uttered here. That is
ordinarily a sufficient publication of anything that
I have occasion to submit to the Senate. On other
occasions of peculiar interest or importance, all
the world knows that it is the custom of Senators
to print at their own expense extra copies of their
speeches or remarks; and what others have done,
I myself have done on other occasions, so far as
to give wider circulation to the remarks which I
felt it my privilege and duty to make in honor of
the distinguished Senators whose deaths have re-
sulted in these proceedings, than the Senate will
give to the same remarks if they adopt this reso-
lution.
I therefore stand in this matter free from any
cause for questioning the vote 1 shall give. When
I came into the Senate several years ago, I found
that it was the custom of the Senate to pay fu-
neral honors to the memories of members who
died in the performance of their public duties.
That custom was dictated by feelings that are in-
herent in our common nature. Publications of
these honors had been received and accepted by
the country with satisfaction. The satisfaction
which the people have manifested with those pro-
ceedings seems to me to harmonize with nature
and with the constitution of a republican people,
watchful of the conduct of their public servants,
and appreciative and grateful when they dis-
charged their duties with fidelity and advantage
to the country. That custom has continued prac-
tically unbroken. Many instances have occurred
here on which honors have been paid to distin-
guished men, which, examined from the position
in which tlicy stood, seemed to me exaggerated.
Still they were paid by common conscnt; and he
would have been justly thought uncharitable who
would interpose to detract, in any one case, from
the tributes which were thus paid to the memo-
ries of statesmen thus honored.
Now, it was only at the last session that sen-
atorial honors were paid to a statesman of whom
I had been a friend and follower, John M. Clay-
ton, of Delaware. I felt that those honors were
justly due to him, and I was grateful when the
Senate accorded them. The publication of the
tributes paid to his memory was a part of those
honors. Now, there have recently occurred throe
deaths instead of one—the deaths of three eminent
men—I think men who have filled, in a very high
degree, the full complement of senatorial charac-
ter. It is proposed to withhold a part of these
honors from them. Two of them were Senators
from whom I was politically divided and widely
separated. I concur in what the honorable Sen-
ator from Texas says in regard to the case of the
late Senator from that State, Mr. Rusk. An
abridgement of the honors paid to his memory
will be felt to be a discrimination insidious and
unkind. As it is in the case of that State, so it
is with the States of the other deceased Senators.
1 therefore shall vote for the resolution of the hon-
orable Senator from Texas. I shall very gladly
cooperate generally in any measures for a retrench-
ment of the expenses of the Government. But I
do not think that Senators are removed from this
field by death so often, and in such numbers, that
the retrenchment which maybe made by discon-
tinuing these honors, will be important.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I feel unwilling to be
placed m any degree in a false position about this
matter, although my position about anything is
of very little consequence to the country, or to
anybody but myself. I do not think this is an
occasion, it being a mere matter of business, a
matter of printing, and these gentlemen having
been deceased for some time, upon which wc can
get up feel ing or sym pathy by any particular grav-
lty of voice or peculiarity of manner; nor do I see
that there is any necessity for any particular tears.
It is a mere common matter of business; we are
to decide whether we are called upon by any ne-
cessity of the case, from regard or respect to the
memory of these gentlemen, for all of whom I
had very high respect and regard, to publish this
book.
I agree with the Senator from New York, that
funeral honors paid to. men who die here in the
discharge of their duty, are very proper. I should
agree, moreover, that the more simple they are,
the more honor we render, and the better we do
our duty. I think that the whole matter is better
illustrated by an example which I saw stated in
the newspapers a few days ago, of a former mem-
ber of Congress who, when he died here, appro-
priated beforehand and putin the hands of a friend
a sum of money to pay the expenses of his funeral,
and left it as a particular request that those ex-
penses should not be paid out of the public Treas-
ury. I think that he showed more regard for
what is truly and justly befitting such an occasion,
than we show by making this extraordinary dis-
play.
However, sir, I do not wish to be understood
as objecting in any manner to all the proper fu-
neral honors being paid to the memory of any
man who dies here in the discharge of his duty.
This is not a question that refers to that at all. It
is a mere matter of publishing a little book, with a
little cover, with a little picture on the outside of
it, to be sent abroad for the gratification of the
particular persons who receive it, and not to add
in anyway to the honors that are paid to the mem-
ory of ourdeceased associates. It has not been a
general custom, as stated by the honorable Sen-
ator from New York. The first time when such
a thing was done within my recollection was in
the case of Mr. Calhoun; and the same thing was
done upon the death of Mr. Webster, Mr. Clay,
and Vice President King. Those are the only
cases where this has been done, except upon the
death of Mr. Clayton. Three Senators from New
Hampshire have died within a few years. Mr.
Athcrton died while he was a member of the Sen-
ate; but no such honor was paid to him; no book
was published. Mr. Norris died here since I have
been a member of the Senate; but no book was
published on that occasion; and no book has been
published, except in the case of a very few ex-
ceedingly distinguished men, one of whom was
the Vice President of the United States. It is, in
fact, inaugurating a new policy to say and to de-
cree here that whenever a member of this body
happens to die, in Washington or out of Wash-
ington, while he is a member of the Senate, not
only the ordinary notice must be taken of it, but
we must publish all that gentlemen heie choose
to say on the occasion for distribution.
If I thought that by objecting to this proposi-
tion I was detracting one jot or one tittle from the
proper honors to be paid to my deceased friend,
I should not have said a word m opposition to it.
I am unwilling that the idea should be considered
a just one, and one which is to prevail in the Sen-
ate of the United States, that because an expense
is a small one, therefore it is of no consequence.
As I said before, if we cannot begin to reform
with an ordinary matter which is unnecessary,
we can never do anything with an extraordinary
matter which is unnecessary. It is not the amount
that 1 care about; but I feel disposed to aid the
Committee on Printing, as far as I can, m all their
honest efforts to prevent this unnecessary ex-
penditure of money. That is all there is of it.
I think that nobody's reputation will be advanced,
nobody's memory will be honored, nothing will
be doneexcept simply affording a little extra sum
of money to the printers and bookbinders, and
then wc shall have the extraordinary privilege
of sending what we said on the occasion to dif-
ferent parts of tho country for people to read; and
the conclusion will be come to by all sensible
people that every man who dies here as a Sen-
ator, whatever he might be at home, or whatever
he might have been while living, is an extraor-
dinary man the very moment he dies, and that
they are all pretty much of the same size. The
amount of it is, that the whole thing is, in the
manner in which it is done, calculated to mislead
the public and to produce no good effect; and I
; am just as willing to interpose here as anywhere
else.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the resolution of the Senator from Texas,
as a substitute for the report.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Blight, Brodericfc, Evans, Fits-
