1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4U
the people self-sought and self-imposed; not an
iron harness sprung upon the limbs of a common-
wealth by a foreign despotism or an internal fac-
tion. If there is anything upon which freemen
may vote, it is the organic law under which they
are to live. If popular sovereignty means any-
thing—if self-government has any significance—
it requires that the constitution proposed for the
government of a people shall be fully and freely
submitted for their acceptance or rejection.
Before Congress can receive Kansas into the
Union as one of the sovereign States of this Con-
federacy, we are bound to be satisfied that the
sovereign people have made application; that the
majority, and not the minority, ask admission;
that the constitution with which she comes un-
mistakably embodies the assent and judgment of
her people. Not that the Kansas-Nebraska act
has made any new revelations, or imposed any
new requirements upon Congress in reference to
the doctrine of self-government, as seems to be
supposed in certain quarters, but because consid-
erations with earlier and higher sanctions than
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, or any act which Con-
gress ever has, or ever can pass, demands this at
our hands. The common and conceded rights
of man require it; because you have no rjght, legal
or moral, under any necessity whatever, to im-
pose a constitution upon a free people against
their will. And this is precisely what the Le-
compton conspirators ask you to do. Their
whole proceeding was a deliberative and studied
scheme to force an obnoxious constitution upon
an unwilling and resisting people; and you are
now asked to consummate the wrong.
This Lecompton swindle, the work of a meager
minority, and coming up here reeking with fraud
and branded with the popular condemnation, is
commended to our approval by the Federal Exec-
utive; not on the ground of justicc but upon the
plea of tranquillity. That same old plea, sir, that
made the compromise of 1820 and broke it in 1854;
that has already nationalized slavery and local-
ized freedom; changed by construction the organic
law of the Federal Union from a free Constitution
into an instrument by which the institutions pecu-
liar to the southern portion of the Confederacy
are carried into all the Territories of the Union
heretofore or hereafter acquired. So that the
music of the Union, with which we are required
to keep step, is the clanking of chains and the rat-
tling of cotftes.
We may not'forget, Mr. Chairman, that the
Pierce Administration came into power upon the
statute of repose. 1 here had been a great finality
in 1850. The slavery question had been defi-
nitely settled. There was to be no more agitation
upon that subject, in or out of Congress. "VVc
were to have a good time generally, and, I may
add, indefinitely. Well, sir, that Administration
had scarcely entered upon the responsibilities of
the Government,and had time to reaffirm its doc-
trines and pledges of repose, before these same
Union-savers and tranquillizers—without cause,
necessity, or invitation—reopened the slavery con-
troversy both in and out of Congress, by striking
down the Missouri settlement, to the end that
slavery might be extended over the Territoiies
from which, for a consideration and by the solemn-
stipulations of both sections of the Confederacy, it
had been foreverexcluded. That act—so unjust
and unfair to the free people and free laborers of
the North—never had and never can have but one
solution: its design was to make Kansas a slave
State. So we believed and so we chaiged.
The argument of popular sovereignty, put forth
with all the zeal and pretense of a new revelation,
was but a tub thrown to the whale. A mere de-
vice, delusion, and snare, in order to allay the
public excitement, and prepare the country for
the next aggressive step in the progress and con-
summation of the wrong. So we also believed,
and so we likewise charged. Less than four
years have passed, and those predictions have
become history, and those charges are more than
verified. In the past history and present attitude
of Kansas, I submit to the House and the coun-
try, we have all the elements of entire demonstra-
tion.
A bold and reckless minority ofherpeople, intent
on a purpose to be accomplished only by a cheat,
have framed a constitution to suit themselves, and
in known and shameless defiance alike of their
own pledges and the public will. How have they
done all this? Under the protection of the Fed-
eral Army, commissioned and sent there to en-
force the will of the minority. Majorities in a
free land like ours, can enforce their own will,
it is only the necessities of minorities which re-
quire the aid of dragoons. That minority, affect-
ing to represent the people of Kansas, are now
]?ere with their slave constitution, asking admis-
sion into the Union as an equal State. That con-
stitution is a fugitive from justice. It has been
smuggled from the Territory under the cover
of the Federal bayonets, and now appears here
naked and unindorsed not only, but with the dust
and odor of the grave upon it, to which it had been
committed by the votes of more than ten thousand
freemen. Shall we breathe into it the breath of
life? Shall we attempt to give it force and vital-
ity, or return it, a corpse as it came, for final burial
in the soil it was created to enslave?
Well, Mr. Chairman, the President tells us
that the Kansas-Nebraska act did not require
the whole constitution to be submitted, only that
part which relates to the " domestic institution of
slavery;" that the Kansas*Nebraska act is sat-
isfied by such a submission. Who made that
act the standard by which to measure the rights
of American freemen? The right of our people to
self-government—to decide for themselves the in-
stitutions under which they arc to live—is derived
from higher sources than the Kansas-Nebraska
bill—their own intrinsic manhood; a right net
conferred, but vindicated and guarantied by the
constitutional structure and maxims of the Repub-
lic. I am free to confess I do not know what the
Kansas-Nebraska act does-require. It has received
so many different and successive interpretations
from its friends, in order to meet the new exigen-
cies of the Democratic party and the slavery ques-
tion, it is difficult to say what is its present, or
what is to be its final construction. At the time
of its imposing advent, it was claimed, at least
by the national Democracy North, that, under it,
the people of the Territory might exclude slavery
while in the territorial condition. By its inter-
pretation in the Cincinnati platform, the people
might exclude it when they came to form a State
constitution. By the President's message it. is
understood to mean—and this is the last interpre-
tation—that the people may exclude it after they
become a State. So far, then, we have three in-
terpretations.
1. The people may exclude slavery while in the
territorial condition.
2. The people may not exclude it while in the
territorial condition, but may when they come to
form a constitution preparatory to their admission
into the Union.
3. That the people may not exclude it befote
their admission into the Union, but may in a short
time afterwards, provided they can.
This, then, is the Kansas-Nebraska bill; it
u hath this extent; no more." This is the great
doctrine of popular sovereignty; the new revela-
tion; the <f stump speech in the belly of the bill."
What the eloquent gentleman from Mississippi
called the " second Declaration of Independence."
Are the Democrats from the free States, are the
Democrats from the slave States, satisfied with
this "lame and impotent conclusion."
But, again, sir, the President says that the
question of slavery {< has been fairly and expli-
citly referred to tlnj people, whether they will have
a constitution with or without slavery." The in-
firmity of this statement is a radical one; its entire
want of foundation in fact. I affirm, sir, that no
such question was submitted, or intended to be
submitted at all by the Lecompton convention.
No matter which form of ballot the people voted,
whether'4 the constitution with slavery," or " the
constitution with no {slavery," they had a slave
constitution still, and could not have anything else
or different. Did these Lecompton despots sup-
pose that the rest of mankind were fools and could
not detect the fraud, bold and patent on the very
face of their record ? No, sir; they knew it was a
; cheat—they confessed it was a cheat. They in-
i tended to do just what they did; and expected it
| would be known and read of all men. Itwasthe
, last desperate throw of the dice; and they meant
i to frame a constitution so odious in itself, and con-
j trive such agencies and modes of submission as
j necessarily to exclude every man not m the con-
[ spiracy, whether Republican or Democrat, from
I thepoils; and rely upon the Administration and its
majority m Congress to see them through. Did
they count without their host? Wc shall see. I
can assure gentlemen of one thing; if the expec-
tations of the Lecomptonites are realized m this
regard, the Democratic party, so-called, will be-
come, geographically, what it is in fact, a mere
sectional party.
The members of the convention who were op-
posed to the sham proceeding, and in favor of
sending the constitution as framed directly to Con-
gress, without committing it in any form to the
ordeal of the public judgment, did not hesitate to
denounce the scheme of affected submission as a
" lie, a cheat, and a cwindle5"as " wearing false-
hood upon its face in letters of brass." What
these men, and such men, thus characterized, the
Executive head of the Republic has commended
to us as " fair."
Had "the constitution with no slavery" pre-
vailed at the election of the 21st of December, as
it did not, it would have been, to all intents and
purposes, simply and legally a sla\ e constitution.
It guarantied and perpetuated slavery in Kansas
forever. It provided " that the right of property
in slaves now in the Territory shall in no7nanner
be interfered with," and prohibited to the people
of the proposed State any and ail power, through
legislative action or the processes of constitutional
reform, to control or impair that right in any man-
ner whatsoever.
By the fourteenth section of the schedule, which
graciously permits the people after the year 1864,
if they shall so-order, to assemble a convention to
revise the constitution, it is expressly declared
" but no alteration shall be made to affect the right
of property in the ownership of slaves."
What is this right of property in slaves thus
exempted from all criticism and control, as that
right is now understood and defined by the pow-
ers that be? It is the absolute right of property
in all slaves in esse, and in their increase forever.
If this does not constitute a slave constitution the
fault is in the infirmity of the English language.
The question then, Mr. Chairman, which the
President informs us " has been fairly and expli-
citly referred to the people," is plainly and simply
this, whether the slave owners of Kansas shall
impoit their domestics or raise them, and no arts of
argument or of rhetoric can make it anything
more or different. The alternative presented to
the people of Kansas, is precisely the choice the
white man commended to the Indian: " you may
have the crow and 1 will have turkey, or I will
have turkey and you may have the crow."
This submission, the President tells us, satisfies
the organic act of the Territory. This is allow-
ing the people " to form and regulate their own
domestic institutions m their own way." This is
the gi eat doctrine of popular sovereignty as recast,
improved, and promulgated in the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill. For four anxious years has the Dem-
ocratic mountain been in labor, and this is the
progeny. And, Mr. Chairman, what a little thing
it is.
In attempting to justify what he calls the res-
ervation of the "rights of property in slaves now
in the Territory," the President employs the fol-
lowing extraordinary language:
" To have summarily confiscated the property m staves
already m the Territoiy tvouUJ have been an act of gross in-
justice, and contiary to the practice of the older States of
the Union which have abolished slavery.5'
Was there no way of providing against a sum-
mary confiscation of the property in slaves except
by a constitutional guarantee of that property and
its increase in perpetuity ? The object of that con-
vention, in inserting these provisions, was not to
prevent "summary confiscation," but its open
and avowed purpose was to secure, in defiance
of the public judgment, a slave constitution, with
perpetual and unalterable guarantees—and this,
whether submitted or unsubmitted, whether til®
slavery article was voted out or voted in—and this
they accomplished.
Had I been a member of a constitutional con-
vention of Kansas, fairly elected and constituted
by its people, I might have accorded to the owner
of this species of property, as was done at T opeka,
a reasonable time to remove his slaves from the
Territory, to bo disposed of in any manner he
thought proper; but I should have done it as a
matter of favor, and not conceded it as a claim of
right. I deny that.any such right exists. No
such claim is recognized by any rule of justice or
