1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MU-
Patrick, Green, Uammond, Houston, Jones, Kennedy, Ma-
son, Pcwaid, Simmons, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey,
and Wright—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Cipgs, Brown, Cameron, Chandler,
Clay. Cuttenden, Dixon, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Hamlin, Hailan, Huntei, lveison. Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of'Tcnnessee, King, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Slidell,
Toomh®, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—26.
So the substitute was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. I move that
the adverse report of the committee be now con-
curred in.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. BRIGHT. Yesterday, I moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate disagreed to
the amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill admitting Kansas as a State. I sup-
pose it was generally understood in the Senate
that my object in making that motion was to re-
lieve the Senate, and particularly the Chair, from
the embarrassment that would result from deciding
several questions of order that were raised. It
was not my intention to insist upon the motion;
and now, with the leave of the Senate, I will with-
draw it. That will leave the question where I
understand the Senator from Michigan and the
Senator from Illinois desired it to be left.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, will the Senate grant leave to withdraw the
motion to reconsider?
Mr. HALE. Does not that require unanimous
consent?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A majority
can grant leave, I think.
Mr. BRIGHT. It requires unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. If it did not require unanimous
consent, you would defeat the right of the minor-
ity to insist on the motion.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is no doubt it requires
unanimous consent. Any Senator can object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire object?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I only want to know
whether I have the right.
The motion to reconsider was withdrawn.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re- j
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 86) .
for the admission of the State of Minnesota into |
the Union. ;
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended, ]
and the amendments made as in Committee of the j
Whole were concurred in. The bill was ordered j
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was read i
the third time.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I was not aware that this bill was
so near being brought to a conclusion this morn-
ing. I do not propose to detain the Senate a great
while, but simply to recapitulate the views which
I have expressed in this body heretofore, partic-
ularly in the debate that took place some two
years ago, I think, on the passage of the enabling
act authorizing the people of the Territory of Min-
nesota to form a State constitution. There was
considerable discussion at that time as to whether
one provision contained in that bill,proposing to
allow aliens not naturalized to vote for delegates
to the convention which was to form the organic
law of Minnesota, was in accordance with the
Constitution of the United States. I contended
then that it was of very little consequence whether
a principle of that kind was recognized in an en-
abling act, or not, but that the question would be-
come much more important if it should be con-
ceded that Minnesota after becoming a State would
be authorized to admit aliens not naturalized to
vote m Federal elections, and I believe there is no
discrimination made in the provisions of this con-
stitution as to the elections at which aliens may
be allowed to vote.
I hold now, as I did upon that occasion, that
such a practice is in violation of the Constitution
of the United States; not only the spirit of it,
but, in fact, in some sense, of the very letter. The
Constitution, for wise and sufficient reasons, con-
ferred upon Congress the power of providing nat-
uralization laws. The object was, to confer power
upon Congress to establish some uniform rule by
which to determine who were citizens of the Uni-
ted States when a question should arise between
foreigners and natives. The object was, to pre-
vent the evils and confusion which would be likely
to result if every State were permitted to adopt a
rule of her own upon that subject; some admitting
foreigners to citizenship as soon as they arrived,
and became domiciled in the State; others requir-
ing one year's residence, or two years' residence, I
or three years, or fifteen or twenty years, or any '
term they might think proper; and some denying
them altogether. It was in order to prevent the
difficulties and confusion that might arise under
such circumstances, that the Constitution of the
United States conferred upon Congress the power
to prescribe some uniform mode by which for-
eigners should be admitted to the rights of citi-
zenship. It seems to me that there was great
wisdom in that, particularly when you come to
consider another clause of the Constitution which
provides that the citizens of each State shall have
all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States. Now, how is it possible that ques-
tions which might arise under that provision of
the Constitution, in the several States, can be
settled or adjudicated upon any clear and satisfac-
tory principle, if you allow each State to fix the
rule by which to admit foreigners, or anybody it
pleases, to citizenship? *
I did no't mean to go into this subject in detail,
but simply to throw out a few hints to show the
embarrassments that might result from admitting
this power m the States. Upon the occasion to ;
which I have alluded, it was argued that to deny \
this right to the States would trench upon State |
sovereignty in many respects. I replied, no; I ]
said it did not touch the right of a State to fix i
the qualification of voters for the most numerous !
branch of its Legislature; it might allow women 1
to vote, it might allow females of eighteen or fif-
teen years of age, or boys of twelve or fifteen,
if it thought proper, to vote. We cannot help
that; that is all within the power of the States.
The Constitution of the United States does not
interpose m regard to that. But if you were pres-
ent, sir, [Mr. Biggs in the chair,] on that occa-
sion—and I think you were—and took part in
the debate, you will remember that one of the
honorable Senators from Virginia said that this
power of the States was so unlimited that in the
South they could admit their slaves to vote, if,
they thought proper. I do not see any limitation j
at all upon the power, according to the idea on
the other side, but the States may admit convicts, j
slaves, and foreigners; and, upon the same pnn- ;
ciplc, people might come over from Canada, and ,
vote in our elections, if the Legislatures of the bor- ^
der States thought proper to pass laws of such a
character to permit it. As I admitted in my for- j
mer argument, that would be an extreme case, |
but the principle extends so far that a residence ;
of half an hour would be sufficient if a State Le- ,
gislature thought proper to allow it, so that alien [
enemies might be brought in, and we could not j
prevent their voting in the Federal elections of the
United States, and controlling-the policy and per-
haps the destiny of the whole country.
The point now is, whether this is a sufficient ob-
jection to the constitution of Minnesota; whether
1 ought to vote against the admission of Minne-
sota as a State, upon the ground that her consti-
tution asserts the right of the State to admit aliens
to vote without having been naturalized according
to the laws passed by Congress under the Consti-
tution of the United States? The Constitution of
the United States is silent on such a point as that;
but, in my opinion, this is a violation, a nullifi-
cation of that provision of the Constitution ot the
United States to which I have referred. But, sir,
here is the representation of the whole South,with
one exception, I believe, more deeply interested
in this question perhaps than'any others, say-
ing that it is important to sustain the right of the
States to regulate this whole subject, insisting that
to interfere with it will strike a vital blow at the
sovereignty of the States. ;
That was the argument two years ago, and ,
nearly the whole North united in the opinion that j
it was no objection. Michigan by her constitu- j
tion, I behove, now exerciscs the power, and Con-.
gress has never interposed. No adjudication has .
been had on the question; and, indeed, it is diffi- j
cult to see how it can arise judicially; but yet, it t
may arise in regard to the privileges of those who
are admitted to citizenship in one State,citizens,
in one State being allowed by the Constitution aH
the privileges and. immunities of citizens in; the
several States. It might be a difficult question to „
decide on principle. Here, however, there seems
to be a general concurrence in the opiaidn.that
the States ought to be allowed this power. I think
there is a violation of principle in it in this respect;
for if you can nullify, as I believe you plainly do
by such a doctrine as this, that provision of the
Constitution requiring uniformity in the admission
of aliens to the rights of citizenship, you encour-
age, you incite,you afford a precedent for the nul-
lification of other provisions of the Constitution'.
This, I think, is dangerous and mischievous.
Now, sir, what is a higher test of citizenship
than the exercise of the right of suffrage ? Is it
not the very highest evidence that«can be given
by any law of a State, or the constitution of a
State, that you admit a man to the right of suf-
frage ? If you do that, is he not a citizen within
that State ? If a State allows an alien, after six
months' residence, to exercise the right of suf-
frage, and thereby be a citizen of the State, is he
not entitled, under the Constitution of the United
States, to the privileges and immunities of cit-
izens in other States? How would you test
that question, if it should arise in any other
State? Suppose an alien is admitted to the right
of citizenship in Minnesota, or Michigan, and I
believe the same power has been claimed in Wis-
consin 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I can inform the honor-
able Senator that the constitution of Wisconsin
contains a provision similar to that contained in
the Mmncsota.constitution in this respect, not
precisely the same, but similar, so far as persons
who have declared their intention to become citi-
zens are concerned.
Mr. BELL. The right of suffrage is the highest
privilege of citizenship. We are accustomed to
say that reserved sovereignty resides in the peo-
ple. But who are the people? Who are these
sovereigns? Are they not those who exercise
their privilege through the ballot-box, which it
has been contended so earnestly and strenuously,
at this session, is the only medium through which
citizens can express their sovereign power. Sup-
pose an alien, who is permitted to exercise the
right of suffrage in Minnesota, or Wisconsin, or
Michigan, shall set up a claim to the right of
American citizenship in any other State of the
Union, under that provision of the Constitution
which says that citizens in each State shall be
entitled to all the immunities and privileges of
citizens in the several States: has such a man the
right to exorcise all the privileges and immunities
of the citizens of any State to which he may choose
to migiate ?
To be sure, it may be urged that there is no
great difference between admitting an alien to
enjoy the right of suffrage in six months, upon
making a declaration of intention, and requiring
him to remain five years, at the end of which time
he may become a citizen, according to the laws
of the United States. But, sir, I look at it as a
matter of principle that aliens cannot be admitted
to the rights of citizenship until the lapse of five
years, unless our naturalization laws be changed;
and I have often said that, in my opinion, alonger
period of probation ought to be required.
I did not rise, however, for the purpose of going
into the subject at large, but simply to recapitu-
late the grounds which I assumed in the argument
two years ago, and to state that under the cir-
cumstances I should vote for the bill because of
the general concession of this right both North
and South, and because it is not a condition pre-
scribed for the admission of new States by the
Constitution of theUnited States that all the pro-
visions of the constitution of the proposed State
shall have the approval of the Senators and Rep-
resentatives who act upon the question of admis-
sion, and because it would be in the power of the
State, even if she should be rejected now upon
the ground that she has what we consider to be
an unconstitutional provision in her organic law
according to the principle almost universally en-
tertained here, after she is admitted to reform,
alter, modify, or abolish her constitution at dis-
cretion, and there is no limitation of time that can
prevent her doing so. It would seem, therefore,
