1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
p-r hundred woi ; for i ocording every assignment or other
WiI'ltiii. oi thiee bundled words or under, one doiJar; for
r<'c i dmsi every alignment or other writing, overthrcc hun-
diedand undi'i one thousand wouts, two dollars; for record-
ing evciy alignment oj other wilting, if over one thousand
wonK. tin oo dollar-; foi copies of drawings, the reasonable
expense of iwakj g t,vie same.
iVii\ SIMMONS. I think the Senator from
Florida, in repealing the existing law with refer-
ence to these fees, should have put in the other
provision with regard to patents issued to foreign-
ers, which was reported by the committee, or else
the proposition will not be as the committee in-
tended to have it.
Mr. YULEE. X intended to move that after-
wards; but it can be added now.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should not like to repeal the
present law without making a complete provision
for all cases.
Mr. YULEE. Then I will offer this proviso*
as an addition to the amendment:
Provided* That the sums to be charged upon the appli-
cation for, and issue of. a patent to any person being a cit-
izen or aubjfet ofa fou ign country, shall be the samo us are
charged m the count) y to which *ucli peison belongs upon
the application for, and issue of. a patent to a citizen ot the
United States, but not less than the sums herein piovided.
Mr. HALE. I hope the amendment will not be
urged here; and ifitis, I hopeit will be voted down.
This is no place tor it. It proposes a pretty im-
portant and radical change in the Patent Office
laws; and before I vote to impose a further tax
upon the applicants for patents, and for the con-
tinuation or extension of them, upon the ground
that the institution cannot support itself as a self-
sustaining institution, I should like to know how
much monpy has been taken from the patent fund
to erect that immense building which the Gov-
ernment have constructed, not for the use of the
Patent Office entirely, but for the use of other
Departments of the Government. If this fund,
which has been accumulated by the tax upon the
ingenuity of the country, has been squandered in
building this immense temple for the Government
of the United States, 1 say it is unjust to the in-
genuity and the labor of the country to impose a
further tax upon them for replacing money which
the Government have taken to erect this building,
f hope that when the patent laws are reviewed, it
will be done at leisure, and it will be made a sub-
ject of debate when gentlemen have time to ex-
amine it. The Committee on Patents reported,
some time ago, a general bill, and this was a part
of their system. From the imperfect knowledge
I had of the matter, I thought I saw in that bill
some things that were crude and imperfect, and I
notified the chairman of the Committee on Patents
that when it was called up, I should be prepared
to say something m opposition to the measure.
I had no idea that it was to be sprung upon us in
this appropriation bill. I hopeit will not be urged
here; but if it is urged here, 1 hopeit will be voted
down.
Mr. YULEE. This amendment has been of-
fered now because I had become hopeless of the
action of the Senate upon the larger bill, to which
the Senator from New Hampshire refers, in time
for action by the House of Representatives at this
session. I had, therefore, by the authority of the
committee, and by their direction, proposed to
confine the legislation at this session to the single
section which I have taken from that bill, and
which relates to the fees alone. The purpose of
the amendment is to enable the Patent Office to
be self-sustaining 
Mr. HALE. And build buildings for the Gov-
ernment besides.
Mr. YULEE. I shall come to that point pres-
ently. The Secretary of the Interior informs us,
in his report, that the expenditures m the last
three quarters are considerably beyond the re-
ceipts; and, in consequence of tne continuing de-
ficiency, they have been obliged to discharge a
number of clerks and some examiners, whereby
the business is greatly delayed, to the injury of
applicants for .patents. The deficiency in three
quarters amounted to some three or four thousand
dollars; and the Secretary asks with great earn-
estness the action of Congress, at this session,
upon the subject. The Commissioner of Patents,
in his report, also urges the necessity Gf immediate
action; and the committee have received one or two
letters from the Commissioner during; the session,
urging the necessity of some action in relation to
the fees.
j The Senate will see the necessity and propriety
i of the addition which we propose to make to the
j patent fees. We propose much less than the
\ House committee had determined upon, and we
' propose less.than the Department and the Com-
missioner have desired; but we have thought that,
with the experiment of the small increase which
we propose, we may try whether-the income of
the office will be sufficient to sustain its expendi-
tures; and if not, at the next session the greater
increase which the Departments ask may be con-
sidered by Congress. As the matter at present
stands, the patent fee, upon the first filing of a
caveat, is ten dollars; and afterwards, on filing an
application, the applicant deposits twenty dollars
more, and the PatentOffice is obliged to go through
the full examination whether it be a good case or
a bad case; but if the decision be against the ap-
plication, the applicant is allowed to withdraw
twenty dollars, and then ten dollars is the whole
compensation of the Department for all the labor
which they give to a ease in its examination and
decision—which labor is quite as much if it be
rejected as if it be granted. One of the very alter-
j ations in the patent fee, which this amendment'
i proposes, is to obtain for the Department the full
| value of its services. The explanation is fully
j made m a brief paragraph of the report of the
j Commissioner, which I will read to the Senate,
, and which will explain the necessity and propri-
j ety, and the equity of the change which is pro-
| posed to be made m the fees:
] c< It will be observed that of the $211,582 09 set forth as
j the aggregate cxpenditutes of tins office foi the year 1857,
j $^8.0iO 98 corwstcd ot lees returned on applications with-
1 diuwn after examination and rejection. The necessity of
i a change m tins leatuie of the existing law lia** been heie-
i toiore e\piessed,and is still frit with increasing foiee. Did
I the patent constitute the c uuMilei«uioti loi which the fee of
: thuty dollars is paid, it would be but leavonable that this
J sum, or a paitot it, should be returned upon the abandon-
ment of the claim. Such, howevei, is not the case. The
J cotisideiauon of the patent the sin tender of the invention
to the public at the expuation of the fourteen years for which
the monopoly is gtanted. The thirty dollars form the com-
pensation (and it js no mote than a just one) lor the labor
bestowed by the office m the pieparation and examination
of the application. When, then, tins has been perfouwd,
ills neither just noi expedient thatthe well-earned compen-
sation foi it should, rn whole or m part, be withheld A uuiff
of foes, which, while dividing the services requned, pi ovules
that liiey shall be paid for, >-top by step, as they progiess, has
been proposed, and, it is hoped, will bcfavoiably con-idcrcd
by C y\gress. This would be alike agreeable to the inventor
| and to the office, ptoteeting, as it would, the former from
| the oppiessiouot paying lor any services not m lact ren-
[ deied, and the lattci liom the injustice of perfoimnig any
[ labor for which it is not icmuneiatcd."
i The principal other alteration is in the fee for
extension, which isproposed to be increased from
thirty to fifty dollars, which is only considered a
reasonable allowance. Now, with regard to the
question made by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, in respect to the amount which has been
invested in the building of the Inteiior Depart-
ment and Patent Office from the patent fund, I j
will say to him, that I have not the means of ad- I
vising him distinctly as to the figures, hut I am !
informed that only a very small proportion of the [
cost of that building was derived from the patent '
fund. A number of years ago the building was j
commenced, (perhaps ten or twelve years ago,) in j
contemplation of use for the Patent Office alone, j
when there was a considerable excess in the i
receipts over the expenditures. Since then the I
appropriations have been made from the general j
Tiuasf ry, and have not fallen on the patentfund. 1
Now, inasmuch as the receipts have become less j
than the expenditures, and it is indispensable to i
the interests of tin; applicants for patents them- i
selves that some change shouidjje made by which :
the Department may keep up the clerical force i
necessary to transact then- business with cxpe-
duion, in which they arc all interested, or else it
must fall on the Treasuiy to sustain it, we aie
called upon to make this legislation. We have j
one of the two alternatives: either to diminish the \\
clerical force, and thus interfere with the progress i j
of business and affect injuriously the interests of i I
patentees, or we must call upon the Treasury for :!
the support of the PatentOffice—one or the other, !,
in failure of the adoption of this proposition. \<
Mr. HALE. I wish to interpose a question •]
of older here. I think this is clearly a proposi- n
tion for raising revenue, it proposes to tax the i
people. It is a measure, by the confession of the ^
chairman of the Patent Office Committee, to raise j;
revenue; and as such I take the ground that we H
have no right to originate it in the Senate. h
Mr. YULEE. ■ It is to regulate the fees of an
office.
Mr. HALE. It is to raise revenue, confess-
edly.
Mr. YULEE. It is not to raise revenue f©r
the Government. It is to regulate the fees which
shall be paid by applicants for patents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire makes a question of order
that this amendment is not within the constitu-
tional power of the Senate, being a proposition,
as he insists, to raise revenue within the meaning
of the. Constitution. The present occupant of the
Chair will follow the example of the vice Presi-
dent, and submit that question to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will not press the point, for this is
not a measure to raise revenue. It is merely charg-
ing fees on the sale of the services of the officers
of the General Government. The first bill con-
stituting the Post Office Department originated in
the Senate. It was construed not to be a bill rais-
ing revenue, but a sale of the services of theGov-
ernment; for the service of transporting a letter,
it received so much in exchange as a matter of
bargain and sale: and so with regard to other
fees. It is not like a bill laying duties on imports,
which is a tax on the people. I hope the Senator
will not press this point, for it would be cutting
down our jurisdiction largely; and it would be
found that a very large portion of our legislation
had been unconstitutional, if his view be correct.
Mr. HALE. 1 listen to that appeal, and I with-
draw the point of order; but I hope the amend-
ment will be voted down.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not think any question
of order can be raised on this matter. 1 c6nceded
that this proposition might be reported to the Sen-
ate; but when I came to hear the extent of it, and
the reasons urged for placing it in this bill, I
thought the Senator from Florida had better
reserve it for .consideration on the general bill.
The Senator will recollect the reasons urged in .
committee for making this change in the fees and
in the amount returned to the applicants, if pat-
ents should not be granted". It was stated that
there was a necessity for a larger income, with a
view to a new board of examiners, and various
improvements in this establishment, which were
contemplated in the bill we reported. It was in
consideration of these improvements, and with a
desire to meet them by the receipts of the Depart-
ment, that the bill was reported by the commit-
tee. Here it seems, however, is a proposition to
put in the taxing part of the bill, and leave out all
the parts which were beneficial to inventors. I
think the bill, as a whole, might have been an
improvement; 1 so thought, at any rate, when it
was before the committee; but I should not think
it was proper or right to put into an appropria-
tion bill all those portions of that measure which
were burdensome to inventors, and leave out all
that was considered to be to their advantage.
The Senator from Florida says the patentfund
has fallen short some three or four thousand dol-
lars m the last three quarters; and he states, at
the same time, that there is an annual return to
inventors of some $38,000 of fees in cases where
patents arc not granted. Then we are to cut off a
return of $38,0U0 to supply a deficiency of $3,000.
That does not look to me to be very appropriate.
I say the propriety of the amendment depends
altogether, in my judgment, on passing the gen-
eral provisions of the bill reported by the Patent
Officc Committee; and I cannot conceive how the
Commissioner, or anybody else, can expect to
improve the revenues of that office at a period
when persons do not apply for patents because of
the haidncss of the times, by increasing the amount
exacted from thorn. This is one of those cases
where, if anybody believes that low charges would
increase the amount of business as they have done
in the Post Office Department, it is a bad time to
raise them when the portions of the country where
these applicants generally come from are so much
depressed as they arc now.
I certainly would do anything in my power to
improve the condition of this establishment; I
have no factious opposition to any part of it; but
I cannot conceive the propriety of pushing sec-
tions of hills into the general appropriation bill
because there is no tune to consider those bills
themselves. That is a singular mode of legisla-
tion. 1 do not think our tune is so precious as to
