474
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
unconstitutional motion." Ia that .allowable?
That is the case here.
Mr. POSTER. Will the Senator pardon me
for interrupting him ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. POSTER. I will take the gentleman's
own illustration. If the Constitution has said such
a motion as that should not be made in the body,
I ask him, then, if he could make it? If the Con-
stitution had said in express terms that such a mo-
tion as he proposed to make should not be made
in the Senate, could he make it?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I am not
making any motion. I say the objection to this
amendment is on the ground that it involves the
constitutional proposition, the origination of a
revenue measure by a proceeding in this House.
I say that amounts to nothing, as a question of
order. You, sir, must be governed by the rules,
and, with the highest respect to the body, I think,
if I were in your place, I would decide it in or out
of order, ana if they did not like it they might let
it alone.
Mr. HALE. I did not think, sir, that I should
bo led into this debate; but the honorable Sena-
tor from Connecticut has advanced a proposition
which I think erroneous; and as it may have some
influence here, I desire to have it considered. He
says that if a bill is originated in this body against
the provisions of the Constitution, and is carried
to the other House, and enacted there, and be-
comes a law, no court can go behind the record,
and say that it was not constitutionally enacted,
and adjudge it null. I dissent from that entirely,
and I believe that several of the States in this
Union have decided differently. I know that the
supreme court of my own State have, within the
past year, decided that, where the constitution
requires the Houses to keep a journal, and re-
quires bills to go through certain stages, and it
appears, on an inspection of the journal, that a
bill did not £0 through the stages required by the
constitution, notwithstanding it has all the forms
of law, signed by both presiding officers, and ap-
proved by the Governor, it is not a law. The
honorable Senator from Georgia tells me that
such has been the ruling in the State of Georgia.
The Constitution says certain things shall bo
done, and that each House shall keep a Journal to
show what it has done. If it appear by its Jour-
nal that a bill which the Constitution says shall
not originate here, has originated here, I contend
that it would be the clearest duty, and within the
legitimate province of the Supreme Court, or any
other couit before whom tho matter might be
brought, to pronounce that, although such a bill
had all theforms of law, it was notalaw. Forthat
reason, I think it is exceedingly important that
the Senate should settle—1 do not care whether
you call it a constitutional question or a question
of order—and should settle rightfully, whether it
is within the legitimate province of this body to
originate such a measure.
Mr. FOSTER. Allow me to ask the Senator,
before he sits down, how, after a bill has passed
the Senate and House of Representatives, and
becomes a law and has all the forms which such
a bill ordinarily has, he would ascertain in the
courts, in which House it had originated?
Mr. HALE. In the easiest way in the world.
By looking at the Journals. The Constitution ,
says we shall keep Journals,and they are kept for
the very purpose of ascertaining just such facts
as those. I
Mr. DAVIS. I think Senators on the other
side have pushed the argument greatly beyond
the practice, and any reason which exists, either ;
in the Constitution or without it, to carry it to the |
extent to which they now press it. I am sorry '
they did not take the same position on the amend- !
ment offered by the Senator from Rhode Island
to the loan bill. Carried, however, to the extent [
they now press it, it would be, that any proposi- [
Hon made m the Senate which would increase the
revenue of the country, would be out of order on
the ground that it was unconstitutional. Tho
men who framed the Constitution lived before
that great discovery that the imposition of du-
ties on imports made them cheaper, and they \
meant that no tax bill should originate in the Sen- '
ate. I have no disposition to limit it or to extend
it beyond tho judgment of the Senate, and I am
acting now under the judgment which the Senate
indicated two days ago. But, sir, no railroad
grant has ever been proposed in the Senate on
which the argument was not made that by giving
away a part of the lands to insure the construc-
tion of a road, you would increase the value of
the rest, and hasten its sale. Under such argu-
ments as are sprung on this amendment, such a
proposition was a bill to raise revenue, and un-
constitutional and out of order. The propositions
which are now pending to improve harbors, it is
urged, will increase the commerce of the coun-
try, and so increase the revenue, the general fund
of the country; and, I might just as well say, that
is out of order and unconstitutional, because it is
a mode of raising revenue, and that belongs to the
House of Representatives. The pointis pushed
to the extent of absurdity in the argument,
whatever may be the merits of the amendment
itself.
Mr. COLLAMER. I perceive that gentlemen
do that which is not very unfrequent among us
—they assume that their view of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Rhode Island to the
loan bill, is the true one; and they attempt, from
their view of it, to apply it as an argument with
relation to this case. Our opinion in regard to
that amendment was that it did not raise reve-
nues. I do not wish to bo understood as using
the word " raise" in the sense of " increase."
If a bill were presented which made the duties all
ten per cent., that would still be a revenue bill.
Suppose that was the first bill for revenue that
was ever offered in Congress, would it not be a
bill raising revenue? Certainly. Then you are
to judge of it in the same way at all periods of
our history. If it is a bill raising revenue to begin
with; it is a bill raising revenue at all stages of
our history. The Constitution does not require
that it shall be a bill increasing revenue; it means
nothing more than a plan for producing money,
getting it into the Treasury. The amendment of
the Senator from Rhode Island, in our view, was
nothing but carrying the law into effect, and get-
ting the revenue which the law provided. What
if it did increase the amount of revenue? I say
you cannot make a law to prevent frauds, that
will not increase tho revenue. If it does not, it
will not do any good.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question in regard to a difficulty that oc-
curred to my mind; and it will illustrate this par-
ticular point. The proposition that he and others
voted for was to adopt the home valuation. Well,
I find that, taking railroad bar-iron for example,
when it would be worth at Liverpool about twen-
ty-six dollars a ton, its selling price in New York
would be about forty dollars; and, by the last
statement I was able to get, when the selling price
in New York was sixty-two dollars, it was thirty-
eight and a fraction at Liverpool 
Mr. COLLAMER. This is a pretty long ques-
tion. Wc shall want a surveyor, with a compass
and chain, to run it out.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I come to the point in this
way: the home valuation is fifty per cent, higher
than the foreign.
Mr. COLLAMER. I deny the fact.
Mr. CLLNGMAN. It is on bar-iron, as the
gentleman will find if he will take the lists of prices
for the last ten years.
Mr. COLLAMER. That must be owing to
the freight and duty.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Exactly; and the very
amendment the Senator voted for, adopted the
New York valuation, and that valuation was
equivalent to raising the duty on bar-iron from
twenty-four per cent., as it now is to thirty-six
per cent, on the foreign valuation. If that was
right, what is the objection to this? If you could
raise the duty by that form of language, thirty-
six per cent., what is the objection to making the
change now suggested ?
Mr. COLLAMER. I will say to the gentle-
man about his question, as the witness said to
the lawyer, after a very long one, with a great
many expletives—" I do not know," said he,
"about that, may it please the court; I cannot
answer that question now, without a surveyor
with his compass and chain to run it out and get
at what it is." [Laughter.] 1 am not proposing
to make any tariff speech at this time. The gen-
tleman is mistaken in saying that I voted for that
proposition.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg pardon. I thought
the Senator was among those who voted for it.
It was generally voted for by his political friends,
and I supposed he voted with them.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman assumes
a great many things in his question. In the first
place, I was saying that we viewed the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island as nothing
more nor less than an attempt by some efficient
legislation to obtain the revenues and duties for
which the existing laws provide. I deny that the
foreign valuation is the present law, or ever has
been since 1799. Our duties have been most gen-
erally specific; but that our ad valorem duties, so
far as they have existed, have been laid on any
foreign valuation, never was true,and is not true
to-day, except so far as we are cheated. The act
of 1795 provides for assessing the duty at the
place of importation.
Mr. CLINGMAN rose.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand what I am
about. The gentleman need not trouble me with
any more of his questions. He will get his an-
swer, and get it understanding^ too, if he chooses
to attend to me. Neither shall I be embarrassed
by the gentleman's question. I shall not be
thrown off my guard in the least by it.
The act of 1795 provides for levying the duty
on the foreign price of the goods as put on board
the vessel, with the charges of getting them on
board; and it adds " all other costs and charges
except insurance and commissions," which, of
course, included the cost of getting them to this
country. What did that mean ? Can any man
on earth tell me what that means ? Take it as it
reads, and can there be a mistake about it? It is
that you take the foreign price, with the addition
of all the costs and chatges, until you get the ar-
ticle here as the mere means, the scaffolding, the
elements, out of which to get the price on which
to lay yourduty when it arrives here. The duty
is not laid on the foreign valuation; it is laid
upon the price, abroad, together with the costs
and charges, with certain exceptions mentioned.
What costs and charges ? Those of shipping the
article and getting it to America. All costs and
charges, except insurance and commissions, are to
be put on the foreign price—what for? To get
the price at home. That is the law now. We
find, however, that we are deceived in those ele-
ments, we are cheated in those means, and we
want to carry out the true intention of the law by
getting at the price in the market, simply by going
into the market and ascertaining what the price
is, and thus carry out the law. That it will pro-
duce more money we know. That is the very
reason we want it now; but it is to produce no
more than the law intended. That is the char-
acter of that proposition.
Now, sir, with tho explanation I have made
about raising revenue, dismissing the idea that
" raising" means " increasing," I say still that
any measure which institutes means of getting
money into the Treasury is a revenue measure.
This amendment is evidently of that character.
The mover of it does not disguise that, but he
uses the argumentum ad hominem on the idea that
he is going to get us to vote for this measuie be-
cause iie says we are inconsistent with regard to
another.
Mr. DAYIS. Allow me to say to the Senator
in all frankness that it is not merely an argumen-
tum ad hominem, but I am in earnest; if we are
going to spend this money, and have not got it, I
want to increase the revenue, and I think tho
proper way to do it is to tax the free list.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman does not
think I wish to misrepresent him ?
Mr. DAYIS. Certainly not.
Mr. COLLAMER. What I meant by the argu-
mentum ad hominem, was that the Senator must
have reasoned in this way: " I am moving this
not because I have a constitutional right to induct
this measure in tho Senate; I do not pretend that;
but I mean to present it in the Senate, and then I
am going to address the gentlemen on the other
side who, I say, voted for such a measure yester-
day to vote for this to-day in order to be consist-
ent." That, I say,is the argumenthe addresses
to them; not that he supports it on that ground.
