1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
gentleman from Mississippi does not desire to
speak this evening, and I therefore, with his per-
mission, move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I yield the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentleman from Indi-
ana withdraw that motion for a moment, to allow
mo to ask a question of the gentleman who has
just spoken> .
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I withdraw it for a
moment.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Clark B.Cochrane] a question,
which, as this discussion is gathering to a head,
may enable us to avoid some misrepresentation or
misunderstanding.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 must insist on
the regular order. The gentleman from South
Carolina can ask his question at some other time.
Let the gentleman from Mississippi proceed, if
lie desires to do so.
Mr. KEITT. I only want to ask one question.
The gentleman from Mississippi does not desire
to speak this evening, and has yielded for a mo-
tion to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Do«s the gentleman from
Mississippi yield to the gentleman from South
Carolina?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do, for a mo-
ment only.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman yields for me to
ask one question, honestly put, with a view of
eliciting information. I wish to know of the gen-
tleman from New York, who has just spoken,
whether or not he would vote for the admission
of Kansas under the Topeka constitution?
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. 1 answer very
frank'y that, if 1 had evidence that it embodied
the public, will, I should do so.
Mr. KEITT. Did not the gentleman say in
his spoceh that it did embody the public will?
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Yes, sir; at
the. time it was adopted.
Mr. KEITT. Then, in connection with that, I
wish to ask the gentleman this question: if the
whole Lecompton constitution had been submit-
ted to the people, and the whole vote of the Ter-
ritory, embracing all the voters there, had been
thrown for that constitution, with slavery ex-
pressly and unequivocally established, would lie
have voted for the admission of Kansas under
that constitution ?
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Not since the
repeal of the Missouri compromise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I now renew the mo-
tion that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. English reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 20"2) to ap-
propriate money to supply deficiencies for the
paper, printing, binding, and engraving, ordered
by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER.
Mr. WHITELEY, by unanimous consent, of-
feied the following resolution; which was read,
considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietary of War be requested to fur-
Di~.h this House with the eattinated cost of the completion
of the Delawaie hieakwater by the construction of a mole,
or pier, upon the shoie ot the Delaware bay, opposite the
bteakwater.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY, ETC.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce the following resolutions, for
the purpose of having them referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs:
Resolved, That the tieaty between the United States and
Gieat On tain, designated as the UIhj ton-Rulvver treaty,
being, under the interpretation placed on it by Great Butain,
an entire siuiender ot" the lights ot tins country, and upon
the American eoustiuUion an entangling alliance without
mutuality either in its benefit*, or re-tuctions, and having
hitherto been productive onlv ofmisunderstandnig^ and con-
trove tnes between the two Governments, ought therefore to
be abiogatcd.
Resolved., That since the acquisition and settlement of
our territoiy on the Pacific, ceitain portions ot Central
Ameiiea bland to us in a iclation similar to thatwhich
Louisiana, puor to its acquisition, bore to our territoiy m
the Mississippi valley, and, therefore, ought not to be sub-
ject to the coistiol ol any ibietgn Powerthat might uiterfcic
luatenally with our intercuts.
Resolved, That inasmuch as the Government of the Uni-
ted States has heietofore taken steps to suppress the African
slave hade, and is at pie^ent eubjectin" itself to a consider-
able annual expense to keep up a squadron on the coast
of Africa to pievent the same, we ffeei it to be our duty to
prote&t against the tiadein white men, commonly called the
Cooly uade, not only on pi inciples of humanity with refer-
ence to the subjects of that tiafTie, but also because it is
eminently mjunous in its ultimate effects to the countries
to which they are tranc ported.
Mr. BLISS. I object to the resolutions.
RAILROADS THROUGH SOUTH PASS.
Mr. BLAIR offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That theSecrotaryof the Interior be requested
to furnish this Hou«e with any information that may be
communicated to hnn by F. W. Lander, Esq., engineer of
the wasjon in'id, as to the practicability ofiailroads thiough
the South Pd-o. and the be t method of constructing a road,
and any othei infmmdtion m respect to the same obtained
during Ins late exploration.
MAJOR GENERAL WOOL.
Mr. OLIN offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Piesulent be requested to communi-
cate to this llousc, if not incompatible with the public ser-
vice, much of the correspondence between the late Secre-
tary of War and Major Gcneial John E. Wool, late com-
manding the Pacilie'deparlinent, lelative to the affairs of
such depairmcnt as hasnotheietoibre been published uudei
a call of this Iloiue
THE MORMONS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution for
reference.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think we all ought to
have fair play; and I ask, there fore, that the States
be called for bills and resolutions. Till that be
done, I must object to everything coming in.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 believe the gen-
tleman himself has got in a resolution.
Mr. KEITT. No; it was objected to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. My resolution is in
the hands of the Clerk. Lot it bo read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw my objection
to that; but I will object to everything else.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us hear what the reso-
lution is.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Be it revolved by the Senate and Holt's c of Representatives
of the United Slate* oj Jimci La m Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States hp, and he is hereby,
authorized and lequired to appoint thiee commissionss to
negotiate with the Mounons m Utah, for the puichaseof
their pOesowKon.-, on the following conditions, to wit:
1. That they slnil peaceably lemove by the 1st day of
June, A. JD. 1859, from without the limits and jurisdiction
of the United States.
2. That they hhall keep the peace towards all the people
of the United States*.
U. That the money to be allowed them for their nnpiov c-
ment-* :>hall be paid .it filch tune* and in such amounts as
they and >aid commissioners may a^'ree.
That said Moimons shall not depieciate in value their
leal poaht-Mous alti'i an anangenient lor their purchase
shall have been concluded
i 5. That until the removal of the Mormons from without
the limit* ot the United Stales they bhall bubmit to and be
governed by the law* thereof.
6. That all hostilities, between the Mormons and the Uni-
ted State* *hall cea-e alter they shall have concluded an
arrangement with the v,ml eonimi^ioncrs to remove from
without the United State-, a* contemplated m tin* resolu-
tion. and on the bu>is theieof: Provided, That the Pi evi-
dent of the United State*, shall Keep such foiec within the
Teiritory of Utah as, in hib judgment, the public interest
may require.
7. That the Mormon* a<< a community t-hall be responsi-
ble to the United States roi the value outa piopeiiy,oi that of
any of it- citizens decoyed by them, oi any of them—the
amount of which, when ascertained, in the manner said
commissioners may designate, shall be deducted from the
amount *aid Moimon4- may be entitled to reecivc as afore-
said from the Government for their possesions.
Resolved, That the comimssioneis hereby authorized to
be appointed, shall receive dollars per day and all
| necevaiy expenses tor their service^; and that they be,
i and hereby aie required, upon being notified of their selec-
| tion by the President, to enter at once upon the duty as-
1 Mgned them. They shall ptoceed to Salt Lake City, whore
! they shall commence the negotiation provided for m the
' pieeedmg resolution, and report their action m the prem-
' lses to the President as soon as practicable.
| Mr. LETCHER. I object to the introduction
i of the resolution.
I Mr. BOCOCK. I move an amendment to it,
that the Mormons shall not have more than one
wife.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurun<x.) That the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives
, adjourn their ie peonvu Houses for the present session, on
• Moiuiit), Ihy 7th day «f June next ensuing; at twelve
o'eiueL. m
The SPEAKER. The Cliair holds that tha.t
is not a question of privilege.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object. It fixes the time
too far off.
And then, on motion of Mr. LETCHER, (at
twenty minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
m.   
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 2T, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Alfred IIolmead.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of in-
surance companies, owners of vessels, and others,
at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, praying for the enact-
! ment of a law to regulate and establish a system
' of lights, to be carried by sailing vessels navigat-
I ing the lakes; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
: He also presented a petition of citizens of Janes-
| ville, Wisconsin, praying for the adoption of some
| practical measure for peacefully extinguishing sla-
j veiy, and providing compensation to the owners
j of slaves for their manumission; which was oc-
! dered to lie on the table.
| Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Phebe
; Smith, widow and executrix of Oziel Smith,
| praying for indemnity for property destroyed by
I the enemy in the war of 1812; which was referred
I to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Frances Ann
McCauley, widow of Daniel S. McCa-uley, late
consul general at Alexandria, in Egypt, praying
for compensation for certain judicial duties per-
formed 'by her husband under the act of August
1], 1848; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of William
C. Fowler and others, praying to be allowed
bounty land for services in the last war with Greafc
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
James A. Glanding, praying for a pension for a
wound received in the defense of Baltimore in
1814; which was referred to the Committee on-
Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Eliza
Gerry Townsend, widow of David S. Towns-
end, late a paymaster in the Army, praying to*
be allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of Henry
S. Crabbe, first clerk to the commandant of the
navy-yard at Philadelphia, praying Congress to
correct an error in relation to his compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of James Sud-
dards, a passed assistant surgeon in the Navy,
praying to be allowed a balance of pay which he
alleges to be due to him; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a memorial of the
I register and receiver of the land office at New Oi-
leans, praying that the compensation of registers
; and receivers may be increased; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial of citizens
of Fort Dodge, and a memorial of citizens of Iowa
Falls, in the State of Iowa, praying that a grant
of land maybe made to aid in the construction of
a railroad from some point on the Missouri river,
westward, in tli<i direction of the South Pass, in
1 the Rocky Mountains, with a branch in the di-
rection of Oregon and Washington Territories;
1 which was referred to the Committee on Public
, Lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
John M. Chase, for himself and others, owners
[ of the bark Attica, praying that certain money
! paid on account of that vessel, under an act of
j Congress, may be refunded; which was referred
: to the Committee on Commerce,
j Mr. MASON. J present the petition of J. K.
1 Kane, and many other citizens of Philadelphia,
I asking that some provision may be made by law
' for the relief of the widow of the late Commodore
j Foxhall A. Parker, of the Navy. The memorial
| states the services of Commodore Parker and the
circumslanccsttntlerwhie.h hedinl.somi of winch
were known to me, aud presents a vciy earnest
