1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
A word now as to the question of order. If any
point which is raised is a point which should gov-
ern a man's vote on the passage of a bill, that can-
not be a question of mere order. If it enters into
the merits of a bill, and determines a man's vote
on the bill, it is not a matter of order. I think
that is a criterion which will settle any question
of this kind. If a point which is presented relates
to and must affect the merits of a bill, it is some-
thing more than a question of order; but, if it is
of a character which would not affect the passage
of the bill in the view of the voter, then it may
indeed be a question of order. Now, how is it in
this case? Here is a revenue bill—for this amend-
ment is substantially the same thing as a bill—
undisguisedly presented in the Senate. The point
is, can any Senator rise in his place, and say
to the Chair, " I object to that as out of order?"
Try that question liy the test which I have just
suggested: would that determine my vote on the
merits of the bill ? I think it would not.
If the bill was just such a revenue bill as I was
satisfied was a good one upon its merits, why
should I refuse to vote for it ? It might indeed be
a question with the other House whether they
would permit us to originate a revenue bill in this
way; whether they would consent to it. But if
they took no exception, its origination would not
affect the merits of the bill; for I agree entirely
with the Senator from Connecticut that if the bill
passed both Houses, it would be a valid law—
though at the same time I know full well that there
has been some such decision as that suggested by
the Senator from New Hampshire. I know that
there has been a decision in New York to this
effect: the constitution of New York required a
two-thirds majority of the Legislature to grant a
bank charter, and the question arose before their
supreme court in relation to the validity of an
alleged law of that State which granted a bank
charter. The court looked behind the mere pass-
age of the bill to ascertain whether it had received
the constitutional majority, and ascertaining that
it had not received two thirds, the supreme
court decided that it was not a law. But what
of that? There was an objection which entered
into the very merit of the thing: the bill never had
the constitutional majority; here the only ques-
tion is as to the inception of the paper. In point
of fact that bill never passed into a law; it never
passed the House by a constitutional majority.
But in this instance, would the mere fact of the
inception of a bill in one House or the other, nul-
lify its legal effect if it had been passed with the
consent of bo'h Houses by the proper constitu-
tional majority? Certainly not at all; therefore
it is not a matter which would enter properly, as
I think, into the vote of a man on the merits of
the bill; and hence, in my estimation, it is a
proper question of order, and it is in the prov-
ince of the Chair to decide it as a question of order,
or to submit it to the Senate.
Mr. WADE. To me this question seems very
plain; and I have wondered that it led to so much
discussion. When I came into the Senate, like
every other Senator, I took an oath that I would
maintain the Constitution of the United States.
Whenever I think a proposition in any form, or
in any stage of any proceeding, is palpably un-
constitutional , to me it is void; I cannot make use
of it for any purpose, not even to defeat a bill to
which I am opposed. Whenever I think any
proposition is unconstitutional, my course of ac-
tion is, " hands off;" but another gentleman may
think that is constitutional which to me appears
to be unconstitutional; and so every man must
judge for himself.
The proposition before the Senate is, to my
mind, so palpably unconstitutional that I cannot
give force or effect to it m any form whatever.
The Senate has no jurisdiction over the subject-
matter; we can do nothing with it. That is my
judgment. I understand the Constitution to pro-
hibit us from starting such ameasure. The Con-
stitution says that bills of this kind shall originate
in the House of Representatives. Then how can
we originate them here? Plain as the question
appears to me, however, it seems that there are
other minds to which it appears differently.
I can have no difficulty about the point of order.
I do i) t think you can sink a constitutional ques-
tion into a mere question of order. I do not be-
lieve it is in the nature of it to be submitted to the
Presiding Officer as a question of order; but it
should enter as an element into the proceeding
before the body, for each member to judge of ac-
cording to his own views. I do not care how it is
presented to me. If it is presented as a question
of order, I will say it is out of order, because it is
unconstitutional and can have no effect. If I were
asked whether an unconstitutional thing was in
order, I would say no; it has no business here;
it can have no effect; without violating my oath
I cannot entertain it at all. I do not care at what
stage of the proceedings you face me with an un-
constitutional proposition; if I think it unconsti-
tutional I adjudge it void and go against it in any
stage, whether you make it a question of order
or leave it as an element in any proceeding, or bill,
or resolution.
This amendment is presented by those who
manifestly wish to defeat the bill. I hope there
will be no more discussion over it. I hardly ever
say anything on such questions, and probably I
ought not to have said what I have on this occa-
sion. I trust the friends of the bill will have
no difficulty in voting against this proposition,
whether it be presented as a question of order, or
whether suffered to come to a vote on its meiits
or demerits.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not wish to be trouble-
some to the Senate, but I wish to say that in put-
ting my question to the Senator from Vermont, I
had no purpose whatever to embarrass him, or to
throw him off his guard, but a bona fide purpose
to see if he could show any distinction in prin-
ciple between this proposition and the one which
I understood him to be advocating; but he informs
me that he did not vote for it yesterday. Prom
the course of his remarks to-day defending it, I
supposed he had voted for it, but I learn that he
left the Senate Chamber before the vote was taken,
and, therefore, did not vote at all. If I understand
him now, he says there is no law or usage to jus-
tify foreign valuation.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not say usage.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well.no law. I may have
misunderstood the gentleman. Then, if there be
no law, I confess I am at a loss to see why the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island should have introduced a
proposition to change the law. I understand that
it was a proposition materially to amend the exist-
ing laws.
Mr. SIMMONS. I stated, when I introduced
it, that it was in strict conformity with the prin-
ciples of the present law, and every law that had
existed on the subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I must remind the
gentleman of what occurred in 1833. I do not
know how far back this foreign valuation has been
adopted; but I remember very well, at least I read
of it—and I presume the gentleman's recollection,
as he was perhaps, an actor at that time, will bear
me out—when Mr. Clay, in 1833, introduced, and
got through the system by which ad valorem took
the place of specific duties, it was provided that
at the end of nine years, during which period the
duties were being gradually reduced, they should
come down to twenty per cent, and the home val-
uation. Mr. Calhoun, advocating the bill, declared
that he would vote for it, but that he believed,
when the time came, the home valuation would
be impracticable. I ask the gentlemanfrom Rhode
Island whether that bill of 1833 did not provide
for a general ad valorem system; and whether it
provided for a home valuation until the nine years
ran out in 1841 ? Am I right about that ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly. While the modifi-
cation was going oil from specific duties to duties
strictly ad valorem, how could the home valuation
prevail ? It could not apply until the change was
effsctsd.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That bill provided that
you should scale the duties regularly down, and
make them all ad valorem; and from that time the
Senator, I am sure, will remember that in every
tariff we have had while there have been specific
duties, there have always been ad valorems. I
understand that while there were ad valorems, as
he well knows, in that tariff, it left them upon the
foreign valuation, and the tariff of 1842 contained
a number of ad valorems. I ask the Senator if that
tariff made a provision for home valuation on the
ad valorems ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I will tell you what the pro-
vision of the tariff of 1842 is. It is, that where
there is any doubt about undervaluation you shall
take the duties in the article itself.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes;wherethere is a doubt
about undervaluation; but that is not meeting my
question. Did that bill provide for home valua-
tion on the ad valorems—the tariff of 1842, which
I presume he had a share in passing?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir; I voted for it. The
provision was that the market value should be
ascertained by taking the foreign cost, and adding
to it all charges, except insurance, to constitute
the value of the article at the place of importation
on which the duty should be assessed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Did it include freight?
Mr. SIMMONS. I think it did.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My recollection is the other
way; but I have not the act before me. I think
it did not include the duty. The gentleman's
proposition includes the duty.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the gentleman will allow
me to speak live minutes, I will dispose of what
I want to say.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I supposed the gentleman
could answer that question, yes or no.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not been in the habit
of being catechised across the Chamber.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg pardon. I asked for
information. If the gentleman does not choose
to answer my question, of course 
Mr. SIMMONS. I will answer any ques-
tion that is put in such a form that it can be an-
swered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, I ask whether in
levying a duty on the ad valorems in the tariff of
1846, it added the dutv as a component part of
the value, as in the Senator's proposition, or
not ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I will answer. I say if the
Senatorhad understood myproposition, he would
have known that it did not add the duty. I stated
in it that the home value should be taken, the
market value to include so much of the elements
of cost as entered into the value. Does that as-
sume that the duty enters into the value ? Suppose
the market value of the article should be cheaper
in Now York than at the place of exportation,
would it include the duty then? The Senator
takes it for granted that nothing is imported and
sold here but what pays every item that is an ele-
ment of cost.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand all that; but
we can arrive at it in this way: the Senator from
Rhode Island says that the duty did not enter into
the price; but m estimating the value of iron at
New York, for example, they will say," this bar-
iron is worth so much if you pay the duty; but if
I pay the duty, or duty paid, it is worth so much
in the market." Now, which of these statements
did the gentleman intend by his proposition the
other day to arrive at? I understood him to take
the market value of the iron, for example, in New
York, the duty being paid.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not intend to be drawn
into any discussion on this question. I think I
understand the purpose of the amendment, and
the object of the discussion. It is to embarrass the
passage of these measures; and, for one, when I
see such a purpose manifested, people may attack
me from one side of this Chamber or the other,
but 1 shall keep my seat, if possible. But as the
Senator from North Carolina avows a purpose of
merely asking questions for information, I will
answer him as candidly as I know how to do.
There has always been a difficulty in the minds
of those who wanted to get rid of paying duties,
who wanted to lessen duties, in coming at what
is the market value of an article; and one great
reason of it is that they generally illustrate by
putting a question about some article of merchan-
dise that they do not know anything about, and
that the Senate knows nothing about. Generally
they put such a question as was put by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi: " Suppose rice should be
imported into California from China, and no rice
of that kind came into New York?" 
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say " suppose." Isaid
Chinese rice was a large importation into San.
Francisco.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have always found very
many of these practical difficulties. Now the
