1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1513
the Commonwealth whose vote I now give. In-
formalities have occurred; but these informalities
liave been all rectified by the popular vote freely-
given—a vote approaching unanimity. Whatever
may have been the faults of the representatives
of the people in convention, the people gave their
sanction to this instrument, and I bow to their
will.
I do not however, Mr. President, approve of
this portion of the constitution concerning; the
right of suffrage. Had I been a member of the
convention I should have opposed it. Had I been
an inhabitant of Minnesota I should have been op-
posed to it. I should have done all in my power
to have required men of foreign birth to have been
naturalized before extending to them the right of
suffrage. I should have opposed the policy of
excluding native Americans who have had the
bad taste to be born with African blood in their
veins. My voice and my vote would have been
given to extend to men born on our own soil, with
African blood coursing through their veins, the
right of suffrage. Many of them are the descend-
ants of brave and patriotic men who periled their
lives and shed their blood to win independence
and the liberties we now enjoy—the independ-
ence and the liberties which now cdnfer upon us
the power to degrade and oppress their race.
The State I represent confers upon men of color
the right of suffrage; and she has no leason to
regret this act of equal justice. Massachusetts
requires a residence of one year in the State; six
months in the town where the vote is to be given;
the payment of a poll-tax assessed within two
years; and she also requires a registry of the per-
son proposing to vote. These requirements se-
cure a ballot-box as pure as the lot of humanity
will permit. For nearly a quarter of a century
I have annually attended elections. I do notknow
that, in all that time, I ever saw an illegal vote
given, or saw a blow struck, at or about the polls.
The votes are taken even in the most exciting
contests with quite as much regularity as they
are taken in the Halls of Congress.
Naturalized citizens are allowed to vote in Mas-
sachusetts. Persons are sometimes naturalized
by political parties in order to carry a particular
election in some localities. The tendency of this
system is to make the persons so naturalized the
willing or unwilling tools of parties or individ-
uals. This policy does not tend to the purity of
the ballot-box, and much feeling often grows out
of it during excitcd political contests. In order
to reform the abuses to which this policy leads,
the Legislature has proposed an amendment to
the constitution, requiring two years' residence
after naturalization. It is believed the adoption
of this amendment will tend to sccure more per-
sonal independence m the voter, for it destroys
the immediate motive of the partisan to secure
the naturalization of foreigneis to carry particu-
lar elections—to attain certain results. Parties
and party men will hardly engage in the work of
hunting up foreign-born inhabitants, and raise
money to secure their naturalization, if the votes
cannot he given under two years. This is a long
while for excited partisans to wait for the results
of their labors, especially in these fluctuating
times. Everywhere we hear sad stories of the
impurities of the ballot-box, which we all regard
as the palladium of our liberties. Statesmen, in
framing constitutions and laws, should labor to
secure equality of rights, and the purity of the
elective franchise. IJut whatever our opinions
may be in regard to this portion of the constitu-
tion of Minnesota, it is not for Congress, but for
the people of that State to decide upon it.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Massachusetts,
as T understood him, says that if he had been a
citizen of Minnesota he would have voted against
the provision in her constitution which admits
aliens or unnaturalized foreigners to vote, and
which excludes negroes born in the country from
voting. Inasmuch as he would not have had an
opportunity to vote against that provision, be-
cause the whole constitution was submitted, and
he must take that or no constitution, I will ask
him whether he would have voted against the con-
stitution on those grounds?
Mr. WILSON, If I had been a member of the
convention I should have voted against it. I can-
not say what T should have done if I had been
simply a voter in Minnesota; but if 1 had voted
for the constitution with such a provision in it, I
should have done so with the greatest possible re-
luctance. Circumstances might have been such
that I should have voted for it, but my impression
is, that if I had been a citizen of Minnesota, I
should not have voted for a constitution with such
provisions in it. That is my impression now
I cannot tell certainly what I'should have done
if I had resided there, and known all the ciicum-
stances of the case.
Mr. CLAY. I do not propose to reply to any-
thing that has been said by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I only wish to direct attention to itin
order " to pointamoral andadorna tale,"which
may be written hereafter. I rise now mainly to
say that I shall vote against the admission of
Minnesota, but not for the reason that she has ex-
cluded negroes certainly, nor for the reason that
she has admitted unnaturalized foreigners to the
right of suffrage, although I disapprobate that
myself. I concur entirely in what was said by
the Senator from Virginia, and his remarks will
prevent me from saying some things that I had
intended to say. I shall simply remark now, that
while I shall vote, perhaps alone with the Sena-
tor from Maryland against the admission of Min-
nesota, t shall do so for different reasons than
those stated by him, and for reasons which I as-
signed m voting against the enabling act at the
last session, and which I do not think it neces-
sary to repeat, as I do not suppose they would
influence the vote of any other Senator.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no apology to make
for consuming the time of the Senate on this ques-
tion. I shall vote for the bill admitting Minne-
sota into the Union; but I shall do sounderasol-
emn protest against some principles contained in
her constitution. The provision which author-
izes aliens to vote, I think is m opposition to the
spirit and letter of the Federal Constitution. Ori-
ginally the right to naturalize foreigners belonged
to the colonies respectively. The power did not
belong to the old Confederation; but when the
Constitution of the United States was formed, the
power to provide for the naturalization of foreign-
ers was given it to Congress, and it was given for
the purpose of establishing a uniform rule. The
several States at that time delegated to Congress
express power to pass uniform laws of naturaliza-
tion. The States made no reservation of any por-
tion of that power, but gave all to the Congress
of the United States. Congress, under this grant
of power, has proceeded to pass naturalization
laws, and somo of the States, in contravention of
them, have undertaken to make aliens citizens of
the several States, who are not citizens of the
United States. Sir, to my nund, it is an absurd-
ity to say that a man can be a citizen of a State,
with Federal lelations, who is not a citizen of the
United States; and that an alien can have a right,
by virtue of State authority, to vote for members
of Congress and presidential electors, because the
State confcrs upon him the power to vote for the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature.
T think there is an ineonsistoncy between the
power delegated to the Federal Government over
this subject, and the power which has been at-
tempted to be exercised by some States. I insist
that no man can be a citizen of a State who is not
a citizen of the United States. The greater must
include the less. The Federal Government being
more extensive than aState government, and em-
bracing all the States, must have an overriding
power on this subject, under the grant contained
in the Constitution. This power is expressly
granted to Congress, and hence a State cannot
exercise it. j
Moreover, to show the inconsistency of it, do
you not see at once that if you allow the States
to exercise this power, there will be no uniform-
ity. There was not uniformity in this respect
before the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
and for that reason the power was concedcd to
Congress to pass naturalization laws which should
be uniform in all the States. I admit that a State
has the power to restrict and regulate citizenship
and to say who shall be citizens, provided the per-
sons whom they admitare citizens of the United
States. If the Government of the United States
has passed a law for the purpose of naturalization,
and has naturalized a foreigner under it, any State
can require him to remain in the State for a rea-
sonable length of time before allowing him to exer-
cise the rights of citizenship within that State, but
it cannot unmake him as a citizen of the Genera.'
Government. A man may be a citizen of the Gen-
eral Government though he is not a citizen of any
State; but I insist that no man can beaxitizen of
a State who is not a citizen of the United States.
Nor, sir, is the view which I take an infringement
of the rights of the States. 11 merely secures uni-
formity. This uniformity, I think, is required
by the Constitution, which confers upon the citi-
zen of one State the rights and privileges of a cit-
izen in the several States. That harmonizes per-
fectly with the power of naturalization and makes
it uniform.
Again, to allow the States to confer the right
of citizenship on an alien, would be unjust to the
naturalized citizen. He undergoes a probation of
five years before he becomes a citizen of the Un ited
States; and, though he be a citizen of the United
States, he may not be a citizen of any State; he
may be a citizen of the District of Columbia. If
aState can allow an alien, after arriving upon our
shores, and declaring his intention to become a
citizen, to exercise all the rights of a citizen, is it
just to the man who has been naturalized under
the Federal law ? Is it allowable that the States
shall have it in their power to confer the privi-
leges of citizenship upon persons who owe no
allegiance to the United States? Suppose such a
man should go into a foreign country: could he
take a passport from the Federal Government?
No, sir. Suppose he should be involved in diffi-
culties, so that it would become necessary, if he
were a citizen of the United States, to make rec-
lamation for wrongs done to him in person or
property: could the United States interpose? could
they make any demand on the foreign Govern-
ment? The Executive has a supervision of our
foreign relations; but, if this policy be admitted,
aState might involve the Federal Government in
difficulties with foreign nations without its con-
sent. I insist that it is not a legitimate act on the
part of the States, nor is it within the pale of the
Constitution of the United States, for them to un-
dertake to create aliens citizens. It is unjust to
the naturalized foreigner; it is unjust to the native-
born citizen. What, sir, take an alien, not nat-
uralized, irresponsible to this Government, ow-
ing it no allegiance, who cannot commit treason
against this Government, who is not a citizen'of
the United States, and confer upon him the right
of suffrage in a State ! He may be an incendiary;
he may be a deserter; he may commit crimes
against this Government; but you cannot punish
him for tieason. He may coalesce or confederate
with an enemy; but he cannot commit treason
j against this Government, because he is not a citi-
1 zen of it. Is it proper to invest such a man with
, the highest prerogatives of a freeman ? In mon-
| archies, the head of the Government is the center
\ of power; the sovereignty resides in the person
i| ofan individual, and he is supreme. Inthiscoun-
!| try, supreme power resides in the people; it is
distributed through them; and every citizen of the
United States participates in that sovereignty. I
j! insist that you have no right to invest an alien
,i with any portion of the Sovereignty that belongs
j) only to native and to naturalized citizens; and the
! moment you do it, you go in direct violation of
the principles of our institutions, and in the face
of the Constitution of the country.
I might present many other views upon this
point, hut I do not wish to consume the precious
time of the Senate. I shall vote for the admission
of Minnesota into the Union, but with a solemn
protest in behalf of the State I represent, at least,
against the principle of authorizing aliens to vote
and share the sovereignty of this people. 1 con-
sider it a usurpation of our rights for any State to
attempt to incorporate an alien into the privileged
sovereignty of this people.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not wish
to occupy the time of the Senate, but I desire to
say a few words on this subject. The Constitu-
tion of the United States provides that Congress
shall have power " to establish an uniform rule
of naturalization." Of course, when a foreigner
comes into the United States, he cannot, until lie
is naturalized and becomes a citizen of the United
States, claim protection of this Government. Af-
ter being naturalized and becoming a citizen of the
United States, it makes no odds where he goes, no
matter in what part of the globe he may be, he can
