2538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated : Provided,
That the amount to be so paid shall not exceed §72,000."
There was precisely a similar case to the one
now under consideration put upon an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. HUNTER. In the House or the Senate ?
Mr. IVERSON. Put on in the Senate, I pre-
sume. I know the Central Rank case was put in
by the Senate, bccause I was here personally rep-
resenting the case. I think the other was put in
on an appropriation bill, by the Senate appro-
priating money to pay the Texas rangers that
were called into the service of that State. This
is a stronger case than that. In the case of the
Texas rangers, the money was appropriated di-
rectly to pay the companies. The State of Texas
had not paid those companies off, and it did not
come here in the position of a State claim, but it
was in fact a private claim of the Texas volun-
teers who were calicd into service by the State,
and who had a claim against the Government. In
the case now under consideration, the claim is on
behalf of the State of Georgia; and as I have pro-
ceeded to show, she has already paid to these
volunteer companies the amount due them. I hold
in my hand the executive order under the act of
1856, that I have read, appointing Thomas M.
Bradford auditor, to audit these accounts. It is
unnecessary to read it to the Senate. I have it
here, and any gentleman can read it if he desires.
Here are the regular muster rolls which have been
sent to the Senators and Representatives of Geor-
gia. Here is the " pay roll of Captain John E.
Price's company of mounted volunteers of Gilmer
county, organized under an act of the General
Assembly of the State of Georgia, assented to
December 26,1837, for the protection of the Cher-
okee country, and the removal of the Cherokee
and Creek Indians, from the 25th May, to
the 12th July, 18obj both days inclusive, includ-
ing pay, tations, and foiage.,J Then tho names
of the members of the company are put down
with the amount due to each, the items amount-
ing to §3,056 54. It is indorsed "audited and
allowed: T. M. Bradford, auditor of tile Cher-
okee claims."
There is also a receipt:
Received of John B. Tnppo, Ticasurer of the State of
Georgia, $3305(> 51, m full oJ tins pay toll, 9hh September,
1&>7. J AM A GttliUN,
Jor the Company.
I have also the pay roll of Captain Patterson's
company, verified in the same manner.
I do not think tins can be considered a private
claim m the oidinary acceptation of that tenn.
Keing from the Slate of Georgia, it stands unon a
higher dignity, a higher footing, than an individ-
ual claim. It is one of those claims that Oongi i ss,
of course, cannot object to allowing. Such claims
luive been ct I lowed and paid to othorStates. Texas
rangers, as 1 have air ady read to the Senate, and
other companies of the State of Georgia, have been
paid. An act was passed in 1843, appropriating
money to pay the State of Maine for troops called
out during the difficulties in the Aroostook coun-
try, and that amount has been refunded by the
United States to the State of Maine. This is only
calling on the Government to do precisely what
it has ever done in similar cases heretofore. It is
to refund to our State the amount she has actu-
ally expended m protecting her citizens from ap-
prehended difficulties with the Indians. I show
you precedents where precisely similar caSes have
been put on the appropriation bills. This very
claim has been ruled out m the House of Repre-
sentatives, I understand, with another that 1 have
to oifei, on the very ground that it is not a private
claim. They ruled H olf tile Piivate Calendar on
tho ground that it was not a pnvate tlaim; and
here the objection is, thar it is a private chum. In 1
one House it is ruled out because it is not a pn- j
vale claim, and in the other it is to be ruled out
because k is a private eiaim. It is like an hone^l 1
man falling between two thieves, to be crushed
between the two Houses, because the two Houses j
adopt different mh-s m the transaction of busi- j
ncss. ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator j
fiom Virgima makes a question that this is a pu- 1
v.Ue chum wnimi the 3U'h lide. Since the pie«-
em oecusiMH of Aiq cLior has been m the S--na*e, 1
ckce.fj tn'o'^ti s have Oreo rt/gvud-'J e < pt >-
vat; cijiuis, toid haw bev.ni acted <. u npu>> private .
bill days as s*iu,h. The Chair thinks, unhesua- ;
tingly, that this is a private claim within the mean-
ing of the rule.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senate made an excep-
tion in the case of the State of Maine this very
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was a
case which fell within the exception, being pro-
vided for by a treaty. The 30th rule contains this
language:
" Unless it be to carrv out the provisions of an existing
law, or a treaty stipulation."
The case of the State of Maine was based upon
a treaty stipulation.
_ Mr. IVERSON. I must appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair in this case; and I call for the
yeas and nays on the appeal.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. DAVIS. I think there is a very broad dis-
tinction between a debt due to a State which has
interposed to perform the functions of the Federal
Government in the absence of the capacity on the
part of the Federal Government to do its duty,
and claims which arise from an individual bring-
ing his case before Congress, and asking indem-
nity. Our Government represents the States, de-
nves its power from the States; and when it fails
to perform any particular function and the States
perform it and present the case before Congress,
it ought not to be treated as a private claim. I do
not tiiink it respectful to a State to put it in the
attitude of a mere claim, and treat the case of an
account presented and audited by a State as that
of a pnvate claim, to be put on the Calendar of
private bills, and treated as such.
The question being takon by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas, 24, nays 14; as lollows:
YFvAS—Messrs Allen, Benjamin, Oumiler, Oollamer,
r>i\on, Out kce, Foot, FiKtur, Okhmi. Hole, ihulan, I Juiitei,
Johnson ot Aikaiww, Johnson oi' Tonnes-fee, Kum, Mal-
loiv, Polk, I'u«h, ileal, riewatd, tflidWl, Ti umbuil, 'Wade,
and W'ngiit— ;>1.
NAYri—Me--.-is Bright, I>rodencic, Cameron, Clav, Chug-
man, Davia, DouaUid, Gwui, llayue, lIou>ton, ivei&ou,
Jones, Kice, mid Toombs—M.
So the decision of the Chair, ruling the amend-
ment out of order, was sustained. j
Mr. IVERSON. I have an amendment to
offer from the Committee on Claims:
slndhc it, further enacted, Thai the sum of $35,555 42,
Willi lnteie-i at the late of six jh-i cent. Horn the 1st day of
J.uiuaiy, he appiopnated out of any money m the
Tiea>uiy not otheiwt-r> appionuated, to reiuiid to Hie fc>t«ite
of (Ji'oigia that sum. paid by said btatc, ol I'eler Ti u-t-ivanl,
Ir^al lepieM-itutiu' o> Robert Tiu-mv.uiI, doeoasod,on ac-
count of ^-applies | in mailed by Uobuit fanjidiar to certain
troojK oi -.aid State durinj? the levoiutionaiy war : Pro-
vitfoi, That it shall not appeal ihat -.aiu Mate b«id aheady
u-ci'iv'fd a cu'dii toi tho purchase of -Mid -.applies m any
settlement or appiopiidiion heretofore made by the United
rftafes.
Mr. HUNTER. Does not this amendment
come within the rule ? Is >t not a private claim?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It depends, m
the opinion of the Chair, on what is the existing
law on the subject. If there is no law to authorize
it, it is not in order.
Mr. IVERSON. This claim arises out of the
advances made by the State of Georgia during the
revolutionary uar. j
Mr. COLLAMER. Has the Court of Claims ,
passed on it' j
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir, I do not know that j
the Court of Claims has jurisdiction of the case, j
It has never been presented to them. The papers j
before me show that in 1777, while the tioops of j
the State of Geoigia weie stationed at Savannah, I
and in a gieat state of destitution, the Legislature |
of Georgia authonzed the commissioners of the j
State to make a purchase from Robert Farquhar 1
of supplies of clothing and other articles abso- j
lulMy nccessury for the troops in their destitute j
condition. They purchased a cargo from Mr.
Fa.quhar, of clothing and other materials neces-
sary for the supply of the troops, and agreed to
pay lain in continental money. The State, how-
ever, did not pay at the time specified, and sub-
sequently Mr. Faiquhar brought an action against
the State of Geoigia in the Federal courts, and
r^coveied a judgment against the State for the
amount of t.sis mdebtt dnes«": The State, after
that judgment, issucu whit were called lundmg
eertihc.oes to tne administrator of Mr. Faiquhar
for a portion of that indebtedness, amounting to
some seven thousand pounds sterling. Some por-
tion of those certificates were probably paid, at
least we have no account of them, and they were
probably taken up by the State of Georgia. Sub-
sequently, however, the certificates were pre-
sented to the State to the amount of over five
thousand pounds sterling; and by an act of the
Legislature, passed in 1845, if 1 mistake not, that
debt was recognized as a just and valid debt, and
was provided for by the State of Georgia, issued
m bonds, payable on the 1st day of last January,
and the State has just accomplished the payment
of the whole debt, with interest.
Now, sir, I think this is one of those cases
which may very properly come under the obliga-
tions of the Constitution itself, and therefore may
be considered as coming under the provisions of
a law, because the Constitution is the highest law
known to this country. It will be remembered
that the Constitution declares that "All debts
contracted and engagements entered into before
the adoption of this Constitution, shall be as valid
against the United States under this Constitution
as under the Confederation." This was an obli-
gation which the Confederation owed to the va-
rious States to refund back all the expenses of
the war; and it may be, as I have provided for
in this amendment, that the State of Georgia has
already received credit for these advances. That,
of course, I cannot tell without a critical exam-
ination at the Treasury; but I have provided for
that contingency by declaring in this amendment
that if the State of (jreorgia has ever received any-
thing for the supplies she furnished to these con-
tinental troops, she shall receive nothing more.
But this is an obligation growing out of the revo-
lutionary war; and was a debt which was due and
owing to the State of Georgia by the Confedera-
tion; and by the adoption of the Constitution this
obligation of the Confederation was transferred
to the present Government of the United States.
It has, therefore, in my opinion, the obligation
of a law of the very highest character, and hence
may legitimately be put on this bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. This case has additional claims
and comes within the exception to the rule, be-
cause, by the assumption of the act of 1790, all
moneys spent by the different States for the gen-
eral or particular defense, were funded* All the
States luive been paid under that act, and this is
a debt which the State of Georgia has paid since
that time. I think the State ot Virginia, by an
act passed in 1832, received over a million dollars
that she was compelled to pay subsequent to the
act of 1790, being a fund that might have been
funded, and provided for by the assumption act,
and I believe the Treasury now pays all that class
of cases. This case comes under that act, and
is plainly within the Constitution. The other
point the Senate has just decided, and that I sup-
pose it is not necessary to argue, for certainly
the decisions are on no principle. The case just
decided was where a State, under the Constitu-
tion, had a right to call out tioops, and keep them
in her pny when the danger was so imminent
that she could not wait. The Constitution de-
clafes, that no State shall have troops m her pay
without the consent of Congress except the dan-
ger is imminent. The point m that case was,
whether the danger was so imminent that she
ought to have called out the militia. If it was
not, they ought not to have been paid at all; if
it was, they ought to have been paid, because it
was under the supreme law of the land. This is
under the assumption act. As stated by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, they are not private claims
to go on the Private Calendar, especially as they
are connected with the public defenses.
Mr. COLLAMER. Has the Chair decided •
this amendment to be in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
predicated his opinion upon the custom of the
Senate, which he has stated has been uniform
since he has been here, to regard claims from
States as private claims, to be considered on pri-
vate-bill days. He felt himself bound by that
uniform action of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I admit there may be claims -
of States that would be private chums, hut no)i
co)isf«£_ that all State claims are private claims.
Some individuals have claims that are not private
claims, because they aie m puisuunce of law.
Tne Senate may have decided that a claim of a
State may be a private claim; but to hold that all
