1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dSu&jri>v
claims of States are private claims is a very dif-
ferent thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
about stating his views, and he will do so very
briefly. The practice of the Senate has been to
regard all claims from States as private claims,
and to be acted upon as on the Private Calendar.
The rule rejects all private claims except those
which fall within these two classes: claims to
carry out the provisions of an existing law, and
claims to carry ouji a treaty stipulation. These
are admissible upon general appropriation bills,
notwithstanding they are private claims. The
Chair does not see that the amendment presented
falls within either of the exceptions, and there-
fore thinks it is excluded by the rule.
Mr. IVERSON. I must appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, and ask for the yeas and nays
upon it. I do not see that this is a different case
in principle from the one presented a while ago
from the State of Maine.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand this to be a
claim that is embraced within the provisions of
the Constitution; that it originated in the war of
the Revolution. The debt was assumed by tlte
United States at the close of the Revolution and
the adoption of the Constitution; and if the pro-
vision is to pay no more than what may be found
due to the State of Georgia, if this has never been
a credit to that State as part of her quota furnished
as one of the members of the Confederation, I
think the debt was assumed when the Constitu-
tion was adopted; and such a debt would be a
singular private claim. •
Mr.COLLAMER. I mustcorrect what has been
said in relation to the assumption of the debts of the
Revolution. The Confederation owed none of the
private debts of the States, never assumed them,
and was under no legal obligation to pay them.
The Confederation made such requisitions on the
States as it thought proper, and the States did as
they pleased about responding to those requisi-
tions; they generally did respond if they were
able to furnish the money and men which consti-
tuted their quota; but the separate debt which
each State incurred in the prosecution of the rev-
olutionary war was not a claim at all upon the
Confederation, nor was it assumed by the Con-
stitution. It was entirely assumed by the act of
1790, to which the Senator from Georgia referred.
It was assumed, then, in this way: the funding
act of 1790, after the adoption of the present Con-
stitution, provided that a settlement should be
made with edcli State; the States brought in their
accounts, and they went in with the Confedera-
tion expenses; the whole was apportioned among
the States, and those to whom a balance fell re-
ceived funding certificates. But the idea that a
debt incurred by each State in the Revolution was
a debt of the Confederation, was not so. They
were not assumed by the Constitution. It became
a very debatable point whether they should be
taken into the final settlement under thc^act of
1790, whether that act should stand as General
Hamilton recommended, to take in all the State
debts as well as the United States debt, and have
the whole of it funded together, and the balance j
struck. If this was a debt against the Confeder- j
ation, which came within the article of the Con- ,
stitution which the honorable Senator has read,
it would be a clear ease, and the United States
were bound, by the very terms.of the Constitu-
tion to pay it. It was because they were not
bound to do it that all the debate was occasioned
in regard to the funding act of 1790.
In relation to the merits of this case, notwith-
standing what I have said, I do pot undertake to
say there is no merit in this claim; it may be that
there is. The only question is, whether the act
of 1790 was such an act as makes the amendment
now proposed an amendment to carry out an ex-
isting law. The Senator from Georgia, last up,
says°that under the act of 1790, the debts of the
several States were assumed, and therefore tms
amendment is to carry out that act. It may be
that is tenable ground; I am not sufficiently ac-
quainted with questions of order to say whether
it is or not; but here is the difficulty with that:
that act of 1790 did not provide that the United
States should assume thoscdehts; it only provided
that a settlement should be made, and each K,tate
should bring m its expenses, and then tncy struck
the balance, to see whether the State was on the
debtor or creditor side of the account. The ac-
count was stricken long since and settled, and all
the States that had balances due them have been
paid—I do not say that those who had balances
against them ever paid their debts.
Mr.TOOMBS. Vermont, forinstance. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COLLAMER. Vermont was never settled
with. I do not say, as the honorable gentleman
would intimate, that the reason was that Vermont
was a debtor State. That might be true, on the
foundation which they took to settle it, and the
gentleman knows what that was because his State
suffered as much as we did. The apportionment
was made on the population of 1790, which was
unjust; and whether the State of Vermont would
not have come out debtor in that business I do not
know. But, after what has been the experience,
we might as well have come out debtor as not,
because none of them paid anything. Those who
fell in debt have never paid, and it would be no
hurt if we had settled it; but, for fear that we
should have a balance to pay, our fathers did not
present the claim. [Laughter.]
But it is not true that even under the act of
1790 the United States ever undertook to pay the
State debts for the expenses of tlie Revolution.
They did not become^the debts of the individuals
to whom they were due, against the United States.
The United States did not assume the debts them-
selves. They agreed to settle with the States for
what they should settle with the individuals.
Now, I do not know but that this may be a claim
which was good against Georgia, and which she
has subsequently paid, as I understand. I do not
know whether it went into that settlement or not;
but I insist that the amendment, as proposed, is
to change the whole order of business, and to j
make it out that we arc to pay every debt, unless
it did go into the settlement. The presumption
is, that the settlement having been made, and
every State having settled its claims, everything
was settled.
Mr. TOOMBS. This claim is part of the
public history of the United States. The State of
Georgia did not pay it until 1845, and therefore
it could not have come into the settlement.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is a nonsequitur, as
T view it. It was totally immaterial whether the
States had paid the expenses brought into the
settlement or not. A large part of them were not
paid at that time. They were debts assumed by the
United States, which had been existing against
the States, and were carried into account by the
States.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator does not under-
stand me. I say that this was a disputed debt.
A suit was commenced in the district court of
the United States; for the State did not acknowl-
edge it for a long time afterwards.
Mr.COLLAMER. It might be. The gentle-
man talks about a lawsuit against the State.
Mr.TOOMBS. It was the case of Chisholm,
executor of Farquhar, v?. the State of Georgia.
The question was raised in 1795, and brought
about an amendment of the Constitution ot the
United States. It had so much celebrity that the
Senator, as a lawyer, ought to know of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I know they had a case of
that kind; but I did not know this was it.
Air. TOOMBS. This was it. The case of
Chisholm, executor of Farquhar, vs. the State of
Georgia, m which it was decided that an individ-
ual of one State might sue another State.
Mr. COLLAMEtt. A claim may have been
existing against the State of Georgia which claim
; they then did not know of, or if they did know, they
' disputed whether it was contracted by authority,
and therefore did not bring it, into the final set-
tlement. Such a case as that may exist, and if
they have been constrained ultimately to pay it,
we ought to pay; but this is a matter which should
go to the proper authority. It should go to tne
Court of Claims, and these facts should be shown.
The general presumption that all these matters
were settled in the final settlement provided for
in the act of 1790 should be overcome by direct
and affirmative proof on the trial, showing that it
did not come in, and that it remains against them
a just debt that they had to pay, orought to pay,
which I think is the same thing, for i do not be-
lieve any statute of limitation should be urged on
: such a matter. This amendment is urged here
| that we shall provide for paying this bill unless
it shall appear affirmatively that it has been set-
tled. The burden of proof should be the other
way. The claimant should, by direct and satis-
factory proof, overcome the presumption of set-
tlement, and on the other hand prove that it was
not included in the settlements. If we open this
account, there is no knowing what is to become
of the final settlements made with the Old Thir-
teen;! they are all to be opened again. I do not
mean to say that if a State can show there was a
just debt which was not settled, they proving
the debt, it ought not to be provided for; but the
whole order is reversed in this proposition. To
my mind this claim should be presented to the
Court of Claims. They have had a great many
cases about these very final settlement certificates,
and have passed on some of them. Upon proper
litigation and proper showing, it may be that this
is a just claim; but for anything that yet appears
here, we cannot know whether it is or is not. 1
think it should be on the side of the claimants to
rebut the piesumption which I say arises from the
settlement; and you should not reverse the order
so as to require the Government to pay it unless
it shows affirmatively that the claim has not been
paid.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Cameron. Chandler, Col-
lamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Durkoe, Fessenden, Foot. Fos-
ter, Gieen, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson ofAilcansas, Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Pugh, Keid, Seward. Slidell,
Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, and Wiight—
26.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bnght, Brodertck, Brown,
Clav, D.ivis, Uwin, llammoud, Il.iyne, Houston, Iverson.
Polk, llice, Thomson of New Jersey, and Toombs—15.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained; and
the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. IVERSON. I have another amendment
to offer in behalf of States; and I suppose it will
be ruled out of order, because it is in behalf of
States:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the proper accounting
officers of tlie Treasury be authoiized and dnected to ex-
amine the accounts between the United States and thesev-
eral States winch have been, oi may be, allowed interest
uponclanns against the United States, whieli have accrued
during or since the war of 18L2 with Great Britain, and ap-
ply in sueh examination the provisions and principles of the
twelfth section of the acl of Maicil 3, 1857, entitled " An
act making appropi uitions for certain civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June, 1858
and that any money found upon such reexamination to be
due any State, shall be paid to such State out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. That is clearly within the
rule, it seems to me, and out of order. This is an
amendment to provide for the different States to
make an additional allowance—one to which they
are not entitled under the law—under tlie princi-
ple of some act previously passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Georgia be good enough to refer to the
law stated in the amendment?
Mr. IVERSON. If it is a private claim I can
only say that the last Cougiess—of which the
Senator from Virginia was a member, and most
of the gentlemen who were present who were
members—committed the same error in the act of
1857. The twelfth section of that act is in these
words:
he\f,further enacfed,Thitthe piopcr accounting offi-
cers of ttic TrwiHuy be, and they ate lieichy, autUouzed
and duected to reexamine uie account between the United
Suneo and the Stale ot Mai viand, a-; the same was, from
time to time, adjusted underthe act passed on the J3th May,
l$2o, entitled ' An aft authorizing tne payment of interest
due to the Skate of Mainland and on sueh reexamination
t<> ass-ume tlx1 expended by the rftate of Maryland for
i tlie \i>e and benefit of the United States, and the sums le-
1 funded and icpaid by the United States to tlie said State,
I and tlie time.; ol tuch payments a« being correctly stated m
. tlie account, as the s-anie has heretofore been passed at the
' Trca^itv Department; but m the calculation 01 interest due
i nndci tiie act afoic^iultho follow nig rules shall be observed,
I to wit - interest shall be calculated up to the tune of any
: p;v\ incut made. To this mtere-t the payment shall be jrsl
I ai)i>bcd, and if it exceed the inreiest due, the b-uance s-lm J
I bo iumh"d to dimmish the principal if the payment tall
| slmu of the mtei eat, the balance of intere.-t shaN not be
! added to the puneipal so as to pioduce interest, second,
' interest shall he allowed the State of Man land on s.ucfi >.unu
! only on which the said State eithei paid inteie-i oj lost nt-
: teie.-t by the tiansfer of an nueie&t-beaiing lund.'
i That is the twelfth section of the act of March
j 3, 1357, making appropriations to defray certain
I civil expenses of the Government, precisely the
act now before the Senate. That was a pio-
' vision changing the mode of computing interest,
j Many of tlie States, nearly all the States who
