•430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 27,
Mr. PTJGH. It seems to me the Senate may
well pause before voting on the amendment of the
Senator from California, because it involves the
whole principle of the bill. 3f this increase of the
Army is to be permanent, I prefer the original
bill; it will be much less expensive. Five regi-
ments added to the Army will require us to pay
live colonels, five lieutenant-colonels, and prob-
ably ten majors; and the pay of those officers is
a very serious item of expenditure. It will re-
quire us also to increase the number of surgeons
of the rank of captain and major, as proposed in
the amendment. All these things are avoided in
the original bill. There will be no increase of field
officers by the original bill, except fifteen addi-
tional surgeons. If there is to be a permanent
increase of the Army I infinitely prefer the ori-
ginal bill. If it is to be a temporary increase, it
seems to me that the number of the regiments de-
manded is beyond the necessity shown, and I
would prefer, as to a part of the force, to accept
"the services of volunteers.
Mr. TOOMBS. So would I. Let us vote it
down.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Biglpr, Green, Cwin, Houston,
Johnson of Tennessee, Polk, and Shdell—8.
NAYrt—Messrs. Bell,Benjamin, Bright, Bioderick,
Brown, Cameron, Chandlei, Clav, Crittenden, J)aviss, Dix-
on, DooJittle, Douglas, Duikefi, Evan<, 3?csM-nden, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Hammond, Harlan, Hunter, Ivcrson, Jones,
Kmg\ Mallory, Pearcc, Pugh, Sebastian, Sewmd, Simmon?,
Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—36.
So the substitute was rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS. I now renew the motion which
1 made to strike out the first section of the bill
after the enacting clause.
Mr. BELL. I confess, Mr. President, that
when this bill was first taken up, I supposed it
would be my duty on public accounts to vote for
it; or, if not for that, at least for such a proposi-
tion as has just been voted down by the Senate.
I supposed, from the earnest recommendation of
the Government, that there was really such a de-
mand existing for additional troops, that we were
bound by considerations of the public interest
connected with the exigencies existing on the
frontiers and in the Tcrntoi y of Utah, to vote, as
indispensable, an addition to the present military
force of the country.
But, sir, before the debate closed yesterday, I
found that I had been laboring under a consider-
able misapprehension as to the real state of the
question and the exigencies of the case. My opin-
ion now is, unless 1 shall be bettei infoimed be-
fore the discussion finally closes, that there is no
absolute necessity for any such addition to the
Army. It was considerably increased two or
•three years ago. Our force authorized by law
is admitted to be about eighteen thousand men,
rank and file, at present; and the addition of four,
or live, or seven thousand men, according to the
•exigencies of the case, as provided by this bill,
seems to me uncalled for at this time. I am of
opinion, however, that some increase—say two
or three thousand, or perhaps even four or five
thousand—may not, at some early period, be an
unnecessary addition to the military establish-
ment of the United States. I think there is a great
4oal of force in the argument which has been made,
founded upon the low condition of our finances.
Although it might be desirable on many accounts
to have some additional regiments authorized by
iaw, yet at the present moment there is no such
exigency as makes it absolute^ necessary; and
we may as well afford to wait two years at least
before we enter upon such an increase; of the stand-
ding A rray.
1 had supposed that the exigency now calling
on us to aet was really the Moimon war. The
statement of facts elicited yesterday, and the opin-
ions of gentlemen better acquainted by far than
I am with the forces which may be ordered prop-
erly by the Government to increase those of Col- ;
onel Johnston, who is now m command of the j
•detachment which is arrested by the snows of the .
Rocky Mountains, show clearly, it seems to me, j
that there is a sufficient force at the disposition ;
of the Government to reinforce them adequately, j
If five or ten regiments were necessary to rescue j
those gallant officers and soldiers from the condi- 1
lion m which they are now placed, I should feel j
myself constrained to vote them. Whatever I j
might think of the indiscretion and the impru- 1
dence of the Government in precipitating those
men into these difficulties, ordering them to enter
upon the expedition at a season of the year when
it was known to be almost impossible that they
could pass the gorges of the Rocky Mountains
until next spring, thus, of course, m the mean
time exposing them to all the hardships, and
privations, and seventies of a Rocky Mountain
winter, I would vote for the force demanded, if
it was necessary, to rescue them. Whatever I
might be disposed to say in leference to this in-
discretion and want of foresight, and though, as
it seems to me, (notwithstanding the fact I do
not pretend to have a sagacity or judgment supe-
rior to the military gentleman who may have ad-
vised the expedition,) it was ill advised, and was
entered upon with a spirit of temerity for which
I cannot imagine any reason, in the existing state
of things in Utah, 1 shall be willing to vote for
any increase of force demanded at the hands of
Congress to rescue these brave men.
But from the debate yesterday I am led to be-
lieve that no such exigency exists, and that theio
is an adequate and all-sufficient force ready to be
sent in aid of that command, and ata time ante-
rior to the probable enlistment of the men provided
by this bill. I should like to know from the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, whether it is
actually supposed that the additional number of
men authorized by the bill before the Senate—the
thirty additional companies—can be raised and
organized, if the bill shall pass, in time to over-
take Colonel Johnston's command 111 the Rocky
Mountains before he may be expected to move
upon Salt Lake. I have heard no gentleman state
yet that it was supposed this foreo, even if au-
thorized by Congress, was expected to be raised
in time to unite with Colonel Johnston before he
moves upon Salt Lake. I have seen it stated in
the public papers thatseveral volunteer regiments
have already tendered their services to the Gov-
ernment, particularly in Missouri; and 1 should
like to know from the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs whether it is con-
templated to accept the services of those volunteer
companies, now said fo be tendered in the western
part of the State of Missouri: Is it proposed to
send them forward in the spring to the relief of
Colonel Johnston ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answerthe Senator. I have
no information from the Administration that they
have any such purpose. If he will permit me, I
will add that the period for recruiting is now so
very favorable that I think, notwithstanding his
remarks, if this bill were to pass speedily, it would
be possible to raise all the additional force for
which it provides before the period at which they
could move on the plains. I think they might he
in a position to move as soon as it would be pos-
sible to start from Fort Leavenworth to the relief
of Colonel Johnston.
Mr. BELL. I would like the honorable Sen-
ator also to state whether, in his opinion, there is
not a sufficient forcc of regular troops now at the
disposal of the War Department to enable it to
send a competent icinforcement to Colonel John-
ston, as soon as the spring opens and the grass
appears on the plains?
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator will not fail to per-
ceive, having been Secretary of War himself, on
a former occasion, the indelicacy of my under-
taking to express such an opinion as that in re-
lation to my successor. Whether he has the dis-
posable force to send or not, will depend on how
he distributes the force which he has. I have not
the information, and have not sought to obtain
the information which would enable me to answer
the Senator's question with accuracy, because I
have never claimed for myself the right to crit-
j! icise,in these details, the conduct of my successor
11 in office.
j| Mr. BELL. I will ask the honorable Senator
!] another question, if he will allow me.
| Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
j Mr. BELL. I was once familiar with the con-
■ dition of the Army at a particular period; but I
have given so little attention to it of late that I
; have not the knowledge which authoiizes me to
! make a statement on the subject to the Senate. I
| have already stated that the military force now
j authorized by law is eighteen thousand, within
1 a fraction. Now, what is the average percentage
: of that force which the experience of the last eight
or ten years shows can never be said to be effect-
ive? Is it ten, or twelve, or fifteen per cent. ? Do
not resignations, deaths, and other casualties re-
duce the actual force to far less in amount than the
nominal number of troops authorized by law ?
Mr. DAVIS. That is a very variable quantity.
It depends on the condition of the country. At
this moment, I suppose the force to be unusually
large, on account of the sudden check which has
been given to public works, and the number of
men thrown out of employment. This has en-
abled the recruiting officers to get men with greater
facility than usual. Under a different state of cir-
cumstances, the disproportion between the actual
number of effective troops and the amount nom-
inally authorized, would be much greater than it
is now. I give the Senator the benefit of that
answer. The former adjutant general, General
Jones, stated that a company of'fifty-two would
rarely give more than thirty-two effective men to
go into action. 1 think, at this time, a larger per-
centage could be obtained. That is the answer.
Mr. BELL. I should suppose, then, from the
statement of the honorable Senator, that the ef-
fective force of the standing Army, at present, is
about fifteen thousand men.
Mr. DAVIS. It is so reported.
Mr. BELL. That is more than the usual aver-
age proportion of the number authorized Well,
sir, if in the present circumstances of the country
the present effective force, the actual number of
the rank and file of the Army amounts to fifteen
thousand men, I cannot conceive that there is a
demand foi additional forcc to reinforce Colonel
Johnston at this time. Unless there is a larger
force demanded for service in Kansas than I sup-
pose can in any exigency arise, there must be a
sufficient amount of troops at the disposal of tlm
Secretary of War 
Mr. DAVIS. I see the Senator does not follow
cxactly what I intended to convey to him. Pie
being so familiar with the subject himself, I did
not attempt to be at all minute in my answer.
Mr. BELL. I do not pretend to be familiar
with it at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it is not fair to infer that
all the troops, which cannot be sent to the relief
of Colonel Johnston, are to be employed in Kan-
sas.
Mr. BELL. I do not infer any such thing.
Mr. DAVIS. I trust there may be no neces-
sity to employ one man in Kansas. The Senator
is certainly aware (for his connection not only
with military, but Indian affairs, makes him pecu-
liarly well informed on the subject,) that difficul-
ties have arisen on our extreme northern border;
that difficulties have, for some time, existed in our
Pacific possessions—m the Territories of Oregon
and Washington. Ho is probably also aware that
recent incursions have been made by the Indians
along the southern border; that the town of Me-
silla has been recently attacked; that parties, pass-
ing between towns at a short distance from each
other, have been attacked and robbed on the road.
The people there have recently sent in a petition
signed by a large number of persons, asking for
an additional mounted force for their protection:
He is also aware that we have memorials from
Texas, asking that a regiment of mounted volun-
teers may be called into service for the protection
of their frontier. He is also aware that hostili-
ties are still existing in Florida. Let him run the
whole circuit of our country and pass into the
interior, and with difficulty he can put his finger
on a spot where troops are not required. Why
argue it, then, as a question affecting only the
Mormons and the people of Kansas?
Mr. BELL. I had the knowledge of some of
these things which the Senator has bioughtto
my notice, though I had seen no statement of
them, even in the public papers, or by public ru-
mor. I have a pretty general knowledge of the
statements in regard to our Indian frontier; and
by long observation of the progress of things here,
I have come to the conclusion that there must
ever be many difficulties occurring on our Indian
borders, and on our frontier lines in connection
with Mexico, in all probability. My long obser-
vation has assured me also, that there is no pei-
fect secuiity to be afforded on any of these lines
by any multiplication of the regiments of the
standing Army. You send regiment after regi-
ment to one of these frontiers if you choose, if
you have them at your disposal, and still the
