478
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Bigler.
Senate.
ation he desires. He will remember that many
years ago an appropriation was made, and a steam-
boat captain of much energy, Captain Shreve,
was employed to clear out the raft, and so far ef-
fected it as to make a passage through the raft for
one or more boats to pass through. It was a very
narrow passage, whereas the raft is a great island
of interlaced logs, with some shrubs and pretty
large trees growing upon it. Immediately there-
after, the logs from the sides of the raft joining
with those borne down by the next flood, filled
up the passage. Some other appropriations were
made of such small amounts as really to effect
nothing. In 1859, an appropriation was made, I
think, of $100,000: my memory is never very ac-
curate about numbers, but I think that was the
sum. It devolved on me in another capacity to
seek a contractor to remove the raft with that ap-
propriation. Advertisements were issued, and
proposals were invited from persons who were
said to have studied the subject, and had some pe-
culiar facilities for removing the raft; but I could
never get a contractor who, for the amount appro-
priated, was able to give bond that he could com-
plete the work, and I did not choose to give him
a dollar with a knowledge that I should have to
come to Congress for more. After various at-
tempts, it was found fruitless to get a contractor;
and, on the matter being reported to Congress, the
act was changed, and power was then given to the
Secretary of War to apply the money in any man-
ner for the improvement of the navigation of Red
river through or around the raft.
Upon an examination and report by a gentleman
of some reputation as a civil engineer, and who is
now in charge of the work, it appeared that in-
stead of attempting to remove the raft, it would
be better to clear out a bayou through which there
was already a partial navigation, and which ran
out of Red river above the raft, and into Red river
again below the raft. They commenced the im-
provement of this bayou, which consisted in re-
moving logs and stumps, and some little dredging
where it expanded into a kind of lake. The work
is not yet completed; I believe the appropriation
is not exhausted. My expectation was, that the
money on hand would make the bayou navigable
into Red river above the raft; but I had no doubt
it would bo necessary at a subsequent period to
make another appropriation, on account of the
extension of the raft, which, constantly extending
up the river, would finally pass the head of the
bayou. Some provision was made for catching
the logs as they came down the river, and trans-
ferring them into a sort of basin or natural lake,
lying on each side. This would require an annual
expenditure. Sometimes there are two floods in
the river, and when that is the case, it would re-
quire twice in each year an expenditure of money
to catch the logs and take them out of the river
into some place of safety. I think the navigation
may, in the manner I have stated, be made feasi-
ble for a large portion of the year for a small class
of steamboats.
I would say further, that the Red river, as it
runs now, is higher than the country for some
distance west of it, and there is a seeming incli-
nation of the river to find its way through bayous,
and possibly to cut a new channel. I think it
would have been possible, with a very large
amount of money, to remove the raft; but it was
not possible to do it for the amount which was
appropriated, and I do not believe it was possible
to remove the raft for ail amount which could ju-
diciously have been appropriated for that pur-
pose.
1 am a little struck, however, with the excep-
tion which is made to this particular improve-
ment. The reason for taking out this particular
work from the general class is, that it is not to
Freserve and keep in repair work already done.
t is as much so as the others. You must prevent
the accumulation of the raft and its extension
above the bayou, which now constitutes the whole
navigation; and it is as much the keeping of the
navigation around the raft in repair, as the bind-
ing together of the stone piers you have built with
new crib-work at the harbors along the lakes. It
is additional work in orderthatyou may keep up
a navigation which has been created by artificial
means. They are all subject to the same objec-
tion. It is a mere pretext to say that you are
keeping a work in repair when you are in fact
renewing the construction.
When the Government has generously gone
into the wilderness and made a harbor where na-
ture had made none, and upon that harbor has
grown a great city; for that city, with its wealth,
to come here annually and ask for appropriations
to keep up its piers, seems to me more objection-
able than that this region, lying, as it does, in a
frontier position, should come here in its poverty,
and ask aid to its navigation. Yet that is not a
plea which I could make; it is not a reason on
which I could ever casta vote; but if there is any
one measure in the whole list which may be ex-
cepted from the objection that we are making to
the bills as a whole, it is the particular work which
it is now proposed to strike out. It runs into
the Indian country; the navigation leads to your
frontier military posts, kept there as a cover to
the frontier settlements, and to control the Indians.
If that navigation were open as high as the mouth
of the False Washita or Preston, it would greatly
diminish the expense of keeping your military
(brces on the upper waters of the Red river. It
might, therefore, bo put on the ground of means
of access to the frontier for military purposes,
and hence it might be made an exception, which
you might take out of the bill for the purpose of
voting for it separately, when you were going to
vote against the bill. But that the friends of the
whole class of measures should take this one out
on the mere pretext that it is not keeping a work
in repair, and endeavor to discriminate against
it, surprises me.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to suggest that I think he has misappre-
hended the friends of the whole class of these
measures. No person here has taken that excep-
tion. The motion comes from the honorable Sen-
ator behind him, [Mr. Bigler.,] No person on
this side of the Chamber, I know, has responded
to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make a single remark; and
I shall not continue my observations on the sub-
ject. The Senator who sits behind me, and who,
I am very glad to say, is my friend, does not hap-
pen to be with me on this question. This seems
to bo a question that upheaves party distinctions.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not see that it does.
Mr. DAVIS. I scarcely know how to find a
Democrat on the question of internal improve-
ments.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know about the
Democrats.
Mr. DAVIS. A certain portion of them seem
always to me, somehow or other, to get se-
duced into the camp of the enemy; and I know
how hopeless it is to struggle against a great
scheme, in which a variety of local interests are
combined, to obtain a large sum of money out of
the Treasury. Were my strength greater, my
prudence would warn me not to make the at-
tempt.
Mr. GWIN. I have no doubt that this is the
most meritorious measure which has been brought
before the Senate in connection with river and
harbor improvements. The navigation of the Red
river for two or three hundred miles above this
obstruction is very good, and this raft is the only
difficulty in the way of navigation from the mouth
of the R.ed river, certainly up to the mouth of the
False Washita, or even perhaps higher. It runs
into a section of country where we now have to
transport munitions of war at great expense, and
in the direction of a region where the Indians are
most warlike and commit the most depredations
on our frontier settlements.
Gentlemen speak of this as a sectional question.
Why, sir, there never was a more partial set of
measures than these bills. In the whole series
there is not a single dime proposed to be appro-
priated for the Pacific coast, where we have two
thousand miles of sea-coast and interior rivers that
need improvement. It is said these measures are
for the repair of works already commenced by the
Government. Well, sir, five or six years ago an
appropriation of $30,000 was made for the pur-
pose of preserving the harbor of San Diego, one
of the most beautiful harbors within the bounda-
ries of the United States. It was being destroyed
by the San Diego river having broken through an
obstruction which formerly existed, and washing
the sand into the harbor and filling it up, instead
of going through False bay, its former mouth,
into the ocean. That work was progressed with
to a certain point; it was not completed; and what
was done there has been of great injury to the
harbor, because the works are being washed into
the harbor and are filling it up rapidly. If there
is any case where it is necessary to appropriate
money to preserve work that has been done here-
tofore, certainly that is one; and when the War
Department was called upon to report the works
for the preservation of which an appropriation
should be made, that was one of those which ought
to have been sent in; but, as I said before, that
coast is left out entirely in these appropriations.
That is the justice accorded to us.
Mr. BIGLER. I had not supposed, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the question of improving rivers and
harbors, either making new work or extending
work that had been commenced, or repairing or
protecting improvements already made, ever had
been considered a question of Democracy. I have
not so understood it. I could not so understand
it, looking at its history long before I came here
as a member of this body. I do not recollect ever
to have seen a distinct party vote on the subject.
11 is a question of policy, of expediency, on which
statesmen may differ. It may be a question of
constitutional power. It may be one of policy for
one section of the Union, and not policy for an-
other. It is generally understood to be a part of
our commercial policy. I recollect that in the last
Congress members of this body who stood high
in the Democratic party advocated large appro-
priations to commence new works and to extend
improvements of this character. I have not favored
an extension of the system; but I have a settled
aversion to sudden, impulsive changes of the pol-
icy of the Government.
It is not for me to attempt to inquire at this day
whether these improvements were necessary for
commerce; whether the policy has been a wise
one. I have regarded it as part of our commercial
system, which had been adopted and cherished
from the foundation of the Government. I am not
certain that it ought to be continued; but in decid-
ing to vote in favor of reporting the necessary
measures to protect the works which we have, I
was controlled mainly by the. consideration that
it was unwise to change suddenly a policy which
the Government had so long embraced. As stated
by the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Allen,]
the report of the topographical bureau to the War
Department asked appropriations of $3,500,000,
to extend and construct new improvements of
rivers and harbors. I was not willing, in the pres-
ent depressed condition of our finances, to report
in favor of new works, or the extension of new
improvements; but I was willing, and I did vote
to report bills for such repairs as seemed to be
necessary to protect, for a time at least, the im-
provements which had been heretofore made.
Now, sir, I differ with my honorable friend
from Mississippi in reference to this Red river
improvement. I do not believe it falls within that
class which the instructions of the Senate con-
templated. If I recollect aright, the resolution of
the Senate was for repairs. The Senator's own
showing is, that this work is never to cease; that,
from its very character, the improvement which
is constructed one year is to be destroyed the
next, and so the work is to be perpetual. I con-
sider such a work impracticable. I do not con-
fine my objection to the idea that it is to com-
mence new works, or complete a work instead of
repairing one. From what I knew of it before I
heard of it here, and from what I heard in com-
mittee, I came to the conclusion that it was an
impracticable scheme, did not fail within the in-
structions of the Senate, was not an appropria-
tion for repairs, but to prosecute a hopeless enter-
prise which would be continued year after year.
I shall be very slow to vote for the entire bill, if I
am requested to include this Red river appropria-
tion. I think I stated in committee, that I would
hold my opinion in reserve on that point; I do so
now. My judgment is clear that this $ 110,000
will be thrown away ifit be appropriated. I move
to strike it out, as I intend to move to strike out
every appropriation which I think not pressingly
necessary, with a view of voting for the bill. I
shall not trouble the Senate further.
