1858.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
Indians will commit depredations; murders and
robberies will be committed; they will slip in be-
tween our military posts, between the camps of
our regular troops and volunteers; and then the
clamor arises from them, " regular troops are not
fit to guard our frontier; we are entitled to pro-
tection from the Government under which we
live, and we must have it: our volunteers, our
own men, our boys, our border settlers, or where-
soever they can be raised within the State, arc the
men; let them be organized, admitted into the ser-
vice and mounted, and they can protect our bor-
ders." Still they do not do it absolutely. I un-
derstand that part of the argument. *
Now, sir, the lenient practice of the Urovern-
ment, the, I think, inexpedient practice in many
cases, though not in all cases, the indulgent prac-
tice of the Government, or rather the relaxation of
all discreet exercise of executive control, lias led to
many of those Indian wars, not only on our fron-
tiers in the interior, but upon those nurselings of
•ours—the Territories on the Pacific coast. Money
.enough has been spent on them, if I have not been
misinformed, within the last two or three years,
to give a start to the trade, the enterprise, and the
business of those communities—such a start, as
they could not, in the ordinary state of things,
have given to themselves by their regular indus-
try in ten years. This is on account of the dis-
tribution of six or seven million dollars; and some
have .said to me, and I stated it a year ago,on this
floor, that there was no certainty that §10,000,000
would cover the whole amount of the responsibili-
ties of this Government for these irregular wars in
that region. It would be a great misfortune to
those Territories, materially speaking—speaking
in reference to the sources of their power and pros-
perity, and increase in population and wealth—if
you should adopt any policy that would cut off the
prospect of renewed Indian wars upon their bor-
ders. Such is human nature. I do not say that I
find fault with human nature; but where there is
no adequate and stern government m such cases,
its tendencies will always preponderate. Possi-
bly, if 1 were there, I might gloat over the pros-
pect of the country m the way that many gentle-
men do there; I do not say that I would, but it is
not improbable. We are the creatures of the
circumstances by which we find ourselves sur-
rounded, in a case of that sort.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi has
spoken of a difficulty between the Hudson 13 \y
Company's traders and some of the Indians on
the Red "River of the North. I have heai d no ex-
position of that, and I do not know how it is in
fact; but my experience—as the hdiowible Sen-
ator has alluded a little to that familiarity which
I ought to have with some of these subjects, if 1
have it not—has been such on these questions
here, and my observation has been such, that 1
do not adopt every piece of information I hoar on
subjects of thatsortastrue. I have been rendered
suspicious; and I doubt whether there is any par-
' tide of foundation for that rumor. What is the
reason I doubt it? I found an effort made last
year to establish a fort there; we were asked to
vote some fifty thousand dollars for the construc-
tion of a fort on the Ilcd River of the North, on
the ground that it was a very fine territory, and
very desirable for settlement; that some of our
western pioneers had already penetrated into it;
that it was exposed to sudden attacks, not only
of Indians from our own border, but from the
Canada border; and I am not sure that my op-
position to it did not contribute somewhat to its
defeat. The honorable Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittkxdex] came also in aid of me on that
point. The proposition then was to establish a
fort there. It was voted down; but there will be
a similar proposition offered at this session. It
will be said that we have not got land enough
open; that we have not enough new Territories
open; we have not enough new .Slates forming in
embryo, and particularly in the Northwest; that
we have not got fiee States enough. I will say
to my friend before me, [Mr. King,] I am sure
there will be a proposition to < stabhsh a foit on
that Red River of the North. I have not the slight-
est confidence in the truth of this report that there
are to be any Indian difiiculties there, though it
may be used as an argument for that measure.
Hut, sir, I am wandering somewhat from the
subject, it would require half a day for me to
state the results of my experience and observation
and knowledge of the state of things as they ex-
isted some years ago with reference to matters of
this kind. From my knowledge of the causes
existing at the seat of Government, and on the
frontiers, particularly with regard to the state of
affairs between the traders and the Indians, I am
inclined to believe that a war can be had when-
ever it becomes expedient to the most influential
and powerful individuals on the border, who have
political influence at Washington to bring it on.
All this, however, is rather apart from the sub-
ject on which I rose to speak. I meant to say
that a country with such a very extensive frontier
as ours, exposed, at so many various points, to
sudden internal outbreaks, and external attacks,
with such a vast Indian frontier—I need not enu-
merate all the causes—needed a larger army than
we have at this time; but, before providing for
any increase, 1 think we can afford to wait until
we see what is to be the condition of our finances,
especially as there is no particular demand for the
Mormon war, as was stated yesterday, and pretty
well exhibited. I think we may wait a year or
two before we add to the expenditure of the Gov-
ernment eight or ten or twelve million dollars, as
the case may be, which will result from the adop-
tion of this bill.
I asked what was the ordinary average actual
strength of the Army, under the present author-
ized establishment, in order to show that perhaps
twenty thousand of an effective average sufficient
force was not too much for this great country,
with all our exposed points. I should have asked
the honorable Senator from Mississippi for An-
ther information on this point, but for the fact
that he insists that I ought to be so familiar with
these subjects as net to be e,ailed upon to aak him
for additional mformaMon. I once knew, accoid-
mg to the number of iurtnicutions and our inter-
nal pobW, how many men it requhed really to
keep our fortifications in a proper condition, to
prevent dilapidation where that goes on, and how
many men were required to prevent a sudden sur-
prise from any quarter. I formerly had some
knowledge of an aveiage estimate oi calculation
that was formed as to the number of troops that
were required to preserve them from dilapidation,
keep them clean, keep them from the decay that
takes place when there is neglect of such service,
and prevent them from sudden surprises. I think
now that we ought to have some estimates from
the War Department of the number of troops that
will he required to man these different posts and
fortifications to an extent to answer these objects
and purposes. We have had none such. The
honorable Secretary of War, I suppose, would ;
have stated it, if his attention had been called to
it.
Then I asked for information in regard to the
probable average number of the Army. It has
been a great deal below the present point, as I find
by the statementof the Senator from Mississippi.
I had supposed, according to the experience of
the last fifteen oreighteen years, thatout of eigh-
teen thousand in the Army, some twelve or four-
teen thousand would he about the average effect-
ive strength of the Army. He states—and 1 am
glad to hear it—that it is greater now; and there-
fore I feel greater assurance in the propriety of at
present rejecting this proposition to add to the
standing Army.
Now, sir, with regard to, the Mormon war. I
do not care about lugging in that question here.
The only point in reference to it that attracted
my attention particularly, was that this increase
seemed yesteiday not to be regarded as necessary
for that purpose. It struck me on reflection, also,
that we could not possibly, after the period when
this bill shall pass both Blouses of Congress, raise
any considerable portion of this additional force
before they would be needed, if they were to start
over the plains to take the advantage of the first
springing grasses. It struck me, also, that the
War Department has men enough at its command,
if it haslifteen thousand effective troops, notwith-
standing all this array of difficulties, and the war-
like disposition of the Indians on the frontier of
Texas, and elsewhere, at all events to add ade-
quately to the force now under Colonel Johnston
in the mountains.
With regard to these Mormons, something has
been said as to the policy and expediency of sup-
pressing them right away, making no question ,
as to whether they are in a condition to.author
ize these military preparations on the part of the
United States; whether it is expedient, whether
it is a wise policy to send such a military force,
with the instructions they are understood to have
with reference to carrying on the war, unless the
Mormons submit. 1 do not propose to enter into
that subject. If the present state of things were
retrieved, I should like to speak somewhatat large
on that subject; but we have that force already
in the Rocky Mountains; we have undertaken to
subdue or suppress the Mormons by military
force. I neVer doubted, when the Moicnons were
permitted to settle tl^re as a separate people, that
a day like this would come, sooner or later. I
believed it would come; I did not much doubt that
it must come. In 1850, when that people were
organized into a separate Territory, called the
Territory of Utah, I thought I foresaw these diife-
culties; I gave my voice against it, and explained
my reasons briefly, and I even had the hardihood
to vote against that part of the omnibus bill which
attained such notoriety at that time. Another
honorable Senator belonging to the same party
organization at that time, whom 1 do not now
sec, [Mr. Pearce,] and myself were the only two
who voted against it. It was thought a most
strange and extraordinary vote. My opinion
always has been that they oughtnot to have been
incorporated into a separate territorial organiza-
tion, but combined with a sufficient extent of
territory settled by people of different religious
opinions from their own, which would be likely,
however, to preserve the preponderance or con-
trol of them; or else they ought to be told at once
that they were only to remain at sufferance; that
wc would attempt to organize no government for
them, but leave them alone untouched, until time,
their own reflection, and experience, should bring
them to a knowledge of the infatuation under
which they were acting, when they might either
disband or disperse to different parts of the United
States, where they would not be arranged in any
large or effective power, or leave our country al-
together.
That was my opinion then; and even now, from
any knowledge that has come to my ears of the
facts of the case, I have not seen the necessity of
sending a military force there. It may be, how-
evo.i\ that there is a necessity for it. I do not
mean to find fault with it, for I have not a suffi-
cient knowledge of the facts. I should have pre-
ferred that wc had negotiated further with them.
I should havg preferred that we had taken the
step of repealing the territorial organization, and
have nothing to do with them, provided we could
stipulate with them that they should permit our
caravans of eimgiants, or troops, or what not,
that we should find it expedient to send to Cali-
fornia, to pass through their country unmolested.
If they would do tins, I should be willing to let
them remain unmolested on our part, and govern
themselves according to their own views of right
and propriety.
I think the Government of the United States is
under some obligation to be lenient in its policy
towards these people. Why did you give them
this Territory ? Why suffer them by such a
solemn act on your part, to make settlement in
this region, when it was known to be likely from
the character of the people and their peculiar re-
ligious opinions, that there would be no settle-
ments of a different description in their neigh-
borhood to interrupt 'them? You held out this
encouragement to them, that they would be pro-
tected by your Government in the enjoyment of
their peculiar opinions and institutions, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States.
These people are likely to have been greatly mis-
led by the doctrines which have been prevalent
in this country for the last two or three years,
supported in high places, proclaimed by the high-
est authorities in our land—the doctrine that any
people, by the inherent right of self-government,
can do as they please in a Territory. I do not
wish to go into any sectional or party question;
I am only speaking of the probable effcct of these
doctrines on such a people as the Mormons in
Utah. After they had a territorial organization
provided for them, they had a right to conclude
that there was a new era of principle inaugurated
in the Government of the United States, which
would allow them to rest undisturbed forever by
any foreign influences m regard to their peculiar
institutions and opinions, and give them a right
