1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1517
Statement showing the contracts made in connection with the Utah expedition, their dates, the persons with
whom they were made, the articles contracted for, the prices to be paid, and the places oj delivery; prepared
in answer to a resolution of the House of Repi escntativcs, adopted on the 5th of *Qpiil, 1858.
Date of
contract.
With whom made.
A. M. "Vlute & Co 
Beggs & Rowland    
NVil McAhvajne 
Philip Dorn 
W. 11. Talbott* 
11. H. Haillcy &. Co 
J. W. Singleton &. Co ....
Pacific Railtoad Cornpanvf.,
Russell, Majois & Waddelij:.
Articles contracted foi.
150 army wagons    
o0 do.  
50 do.  
50 do.  
100 do.
100 sfit> harness complete for 6 mule?
],>C0 cavalrv horses 
Price to be
paid.
5141 e$ch
141 "
140 "
13.3 c(
140
Place of delivery.
Pittsburg.
Plniad* Ipbia.
Pittsburg.
Cincinnati.
y.imt Louis.
49 20 per set' Pitts-burg.
159 each ! Foit Leavenworth.
Feb'y 10,1858
« 13, «
" 24, «
March 'J, 46 :
" 18, "
« 1, «
Jan'y 10, "
* The terms of the eonttact awarded to Mr. Talbot! woic understood and agreed upon, but as he failed to cxecute it
and give bonds fonts fulfillment, the same number of wagons was ordeied to be made in Philadelphia, by the consent and
authouty of the Secretary of War, at $141 each.
f The exclusive transportation by railroad and iif imboat of all the troops and military supplies, except such as may
be nansported by Government steamers from Saint '-oiin to Fort Leavenworth, or such other point oi points on the Mis-
souri nver as may be selected for tempoiarv depots, lias been given to tin* company. The company is to be paid for the
transportation of officers and troops to Fort Leavenworth at the lare of .$'13 for each officer, and of §6 for each enhfted
man, laundiess. oi officer's servant; and for all supplies, the cuircnt rates ohaigcd by steamers on the Mississippi river
at the time of shipment. The time fixed for the delivery of troops or supplies at Foit Leavenworth or Atchison is five
days, and at Table Creek seven days, under a forleituie of twenty per cent, on the entire amount of fieight that may be
due on the shipment.
} For the transportation of all military supplies required in Utah, or at the posts on tho route to Utah, at rates shown
by the tabulai statement herewith. The greater part of the supplies will be forwaided during the months in which the
lovve t rates govern.
Tlf. S. JCSUPj Quanta master General*
Quartermaster Oeneru/s Offtcf, Jlpril 6, 1858.
Mr. FAULEvNER. 1 move that the communi-
cation and accompanying documents belaid upon
the table, "and printed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Has the contract for beef
been read ? ®
The SPEAKER. Everything has been read.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to make a statement
in regard to it. That contract is no contract at
all. It has been annulled.
The SPEAKER. It is so stated in the papers.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I want to say that an-
other contract luis been made with Russell, Major
<fc Co., which has not been communicated to the
House. I saw it yesterday.
The SPEAKER. That is stated in the papers.
Mr. Faulkner's motion was then agreed to.
So the communication and accompanying doc-
uments were laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
EXPLORATION OP THE AMOOR RIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous conscnt,
laid before the House a communication from the
Department of Stato. transmitting the explora-
tions of the Amoor River.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, the communication
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON POLICE.
Mr. GOODE. I rise to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow Senate bill (No. 232)
on the subject of a police force for this city, to be
taken up, and referred to the Committee for the
Distuct of Columbia, with leave to report at any
time, with the understanding that when it is re-
ported back to the Hous< , it shall be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to conic up when the House bill is taken
up for consideration.
Mr. STANTON. That is right; but I desire
to make a suggestion in connection with it. An
amendment has been introduced by my colleague,
[Mr. Leiter.]
Mr. SEWARD. I object to the request of the
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. GOODE. Then I ask that the bill be taken
from the Speaker's table, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
CLERKS FOR UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill providing
for the appointment of clerks for the district and
circuit courts of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNS, of Illinois I object.
HOUR OF MEETING OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. WARREN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That when this IIou«e adjourns, it adjourn to
meet at ten o'clock, a. m , on to-morrow, and that the future
meetings of this House, during the piesent session of Con-
gress, shall be ton o'clock, a. m., unless an earlier hour be
determined on by the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
SURVEY" IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTERO. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill to provide for the
geological and mineralogical survey of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico.
Mi. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
WAGON ROAD IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, intro-
dured a bill making appropriations for the con- !
struction of a wagon and emigrant road in the i
Territory of New Mexico; which was read a first j
and second time, and referred to the Committee j
on Military Affairs. 1
ENROLLED BILL. j
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En- ■
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to I
provide for the organization of a regiment of :
mounted volunteets for the defense of the fron- !
tier of Texas, and to authorize the President to |
call into the service of the United States two ad- J
ditionalregimentsofvolunteers; whentheSpealcer i
signed the same. j
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE. j
A message from the Senate was received, by |
Mr. IIickey, its Chief Clerk, notifying the House 1
that the Senate had disagreed to the amendment j
of the House to the bill entitled "An act for the
I admission of the State of Kansas into the Union." j
j RESOLUTIONS OF LEGISLATURES. |
! Mr. CLAWSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
i sented joint resolutions of tlft Legislature of New !
( Jersey in reference to the better preservation of ;
j life and property on the coast; which were referred
j to the Committee on Commeice. !
| Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also, by u nan- '
> imous conscnt, presented joint resolutions of the 1
j Legislature of that Territory for the estabhsh-
! ment of a port of delivery at Whatcom, relative
: to enrolling clerks for the Legislative Assembly,
! relative to the erection of three additional land
i districts, and relative to the false reports made by
| General Wool concerning the late Indian war in
| Washington Territory.
; The first three were severally referred to the
j Committee on Commerce, the Committee on Ter- :
! litones, and the Committee on Public Lands, and 1
j the last was laid on the table, and all ordered to |
1 be printed. i
| Mr. RORBINS, also, by unanimous consent, !
i presented joint resolutions of the Legislature of |
j New Jersey asking for donations of public lands j
for agricultural colleges; which were referred to j
the Committee on Agriculture, and ordered to be I
printed. <
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the rules be |
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to. i
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the j
House resolved itself into the Committee of the j
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock !
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
DEFICIENCY BILL,
on which general debate was closed—Mr. Let-
cher, who reported the bill, being entitled to the
floor to make a closing speech.
Mr* LETCHER. I regret that the hour-al-
lowed to me under the rules of the House is not
at ail sufficient to enable me to reply to various
objections made to the provisions of this bill. I
shall therefore be compelled, in a great measure,
to confine myself to some of the most prominent
'features of the bill, and to present my views upon
them, even if I should be dented the privilege of
devoting any time to others, that I regard as less
material.
1 feel,sir, that myself,and the committee with
whom I act, are placed here in a very embarrass-
ing position, by the course adopted in this dis-
cussion. We have been fired upon from our own
side of the House in some half dozen speeches—
some against all the provisions of the bill, others
against some particular provisions of the bill,and
others against other provisions of the bill; but all
seeming to concur in the conclusion that unless -
the bill, in every provision, can be made exactly
acceptable to each of them, he is prepared to vote
it down, and to leave the Government without the
means of carrying out the policy which it has in-
augurated.
My friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who
opened the discussion, occupies the ground of gen-
eral opposition to the whole of it. He takes the
ground that deficiency bills are improper and that
they ought not to bo allowed; and he and others, on
the same side of the House, follow that up with
the declaration that they are used by an Admin-
istration for no other purpose than to secure the
adoption of its views, although Congress might
have been originally opposed to them. He op-
poses it, also, on another ground: that it con<
tains a provision which anticipates £3,000,000, in
the way of expenditures for the coming twenty
months, to be applied to the prosecution of the
war in Utah; and he asks whether we have not
strained the Constitution in introducing such a
provision here? I maintain, sir, that we have not
strained the Constitution; that we have, neither
in spirit nor in letter, violated any one of its pro-
visions; and that there are overwhelming consid-
erations of propriety which operated on the Ad-
ministration in making the recommendation, and
which ought to operate on this House in adopt-
ing it.
For the last two or three years there has been
a general complaint in both Houses of Congress,
and throughout the country, that the late Admin-
istration had not performed its duty in allowing
the Territory of Utah to be managed by officials
entertaining the abominable sentiments and prin-
ciples that characterize that people; and we have
been told over and over again that it was the duty
of the Administration to remove these officials,
and to substitute others in their stead, to whom
the administration of this territorial government
should be committed. When this Administia-
tion came into power, these complaints were gen-
eral everywhere. They came up from the coun-
try as they had been previously made in Congress.
One of its very first acts, after its inauguration,
was to consider this subject, and to commission
new officers, who should go to Utah, and wh'>
were not liable to the same objections which were
charged upon those holding official positions. For
the purpose of escorting these officers to the Ter-
litory, and with no view of commencing any ag-
gression whatsoever upon that people, but for the
purpose of having at hand the means of protect-
ing them in entering upon the discharge of their
duties, the President accompanied them by a mil-
itary escort of something like eighteen hundred
men.
This, sir, was not a matter which was antici-
pated when the last Administration went out of
power. It was not provided for in those estimates.
There were no recommendations for transporta-
tion, for subsistence, for supplies, or for any other
expenses which were incident to this movement
upon the part of this Administration. These troops
were sent to Utah, and they had to be furnished,
as a matter of course. Now, sir, the Adminis-
tration desire, as these troops are there, and as
their policy has been indorsed by this House in a
resolution which has been adopted by this body,
