1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The first deviation, if I remember, was in the
case of Alabama; but there it was determined to
make certain allowances of interest, because the
State had paid the interest, because it had sold
stocks, as was done in Maine; and an exception
was made in the case of Alabamafor that reason.
I believe that was the case, also, in Maryland,
where the allowance was on the principle of the
Alabama case. Unless you treat this as having
arisen out of those exceptional circumstances,
you will reopen all the settlements that have been
made with the States; and you will pass out of
the Treasury a large sum of money, in my opin-
ion. I speak, though, only from general recollec-
tion; I have had no timg to examine the amend-
ment particularly; but I am afraid it will be found,
when we come to see the effect of it—if it should
be adopted—that it will go much further than any
of us suppose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, if he would take the pains to read the amend-
ment, would see that it is not open to the objec-
tions he has stated. It does not provide, if I read
it rightly, for the payment of any interest to a
State, in any case whatever, where interest has
not been allowed heretofore. It does not make
any new claim in that respect. The whole amount
of it is simply this: the Treasury, as I under-
stand, has adopted the rule that where a certain
amount of debt is owing to a State, and a certain
amount of interest has accumulated on that debt,
and where the principal thus owing bears inter-
est, and the interest thus owing does not, if the
claim is paid in part, they apply that part payment
to the principal which bears interest, instead of
to the interest which does not, thus reversing the
rule which exists m every State in the Union, and
operating most un]ustly towards the States them-
selves. For instance: suppose a debt is due to a
State, which debt bears interest, and by the law
at the same time there is an amount of interest
accumulated upon it which does not bear interest—■
let us call one $50,000 and the other $30,000—the
$50,000 bearing interest, and the §30,000 not bear-
ing interest. The Government, in these circum-
stances, instead of paying the whole, pay up
$30,000. Then, instead of applying it to the in-
terest which does not bear interest against the
Government, and which the State has paid, they
apply it to the principal, reducing the claim which
bears interest to $20,000, and leaving the State to
lose its interest on §30,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is worse than that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is bad enough. The
provision is, m regard to all these claims which
the States have where the United States will not
pay accumulating interest, as they ought to do,
that the partial payment shall first go to sink the
interest that is due. If a man owes me money,
and interest has been accumulating year after year
which he has failed to pay, and especially if I am
in debt for it, as is very often the case with the
States, he ought to indemnify me; but the rule
adopted by the Treasury is worse than that.
They say they will not only not indemnify me,
and leave me to pay my interest, but when they
do make a payment, it shall not go to sink the
interest, but to sink the principal, leaving the in-
terest to stand. That is unjust. It does not ap-
ply in the case of any private claim anywhere,
but has been arbitrarily adopted by the accounting
officers of the Treasury. In the case of Mary-
land, which was precisely similar, Maryland re-
monstrated, and at the last session Congress said
that account should be adjusted upon proper prin-
ciples—the same principles that exist in every
State of the Union between man and man—that
where principal and interest are due, and the
Government paid any part, that payment should
be applied to the interest first; if it paid it off, very
well; if it overbalanced it, the balance should be
so much towards the principal. This was on the
common, ordinary principles of justice.
In the case of the State of South Carolina, if I
understand it, the officers went so far as to keep
an account with the State, crediting her with in-
terest accumulating on the principal, and if theie
was any left they then took the part they had
paid, cast interest on that, and then offset the two.
That is to say, they paid their principal in part,
and retained to themselves the right of offsetting
the interest which accrued on their own payment
of money due to the State, to pay the rest of the
debt with! [Laughter.]
It does not do to make it a matter of account I
current between the two, because the account is
really all on one side; but the Treasury officers
apply the principle of accounts current to it as if
so much was due from Maryland and so much
from the United States, and cast interest on both
and then offset the two; but, instead of that, it is
all due from the United States. They say, " we
will owe you the interest; we will pay you part
of the principal; we will cast interest on the money
we allow you, and pay you interest with it."
That is the principle they have adopted. This
is simply to set that right, and to say that where
these things exist, the Government shall do what
is proper. I submit that the argument of the Sen-
ator from Virginia is inapplicable, in any sense of
justice and decency, to say wc ought to inquire
first how much money this will amount to before
we pay it. Why, sir, what difference will it make
how much money it amounts to? If there be more
or less, the Government ought to pay, and pay it
at once, without the slightest hesitation, and cal-
culate the interest upon proper principles.
Mr. HUNTER. When we are bestowing gra-
tuities we have a right to inquire the amount. If
we have settled with the States to their satisfac-
tion, it seems to me we have discharged all our
debts, and if wc arc asked to give them more—
and that, too, not on the application of many of
them—I think we may very well inquire how
much is to be disposed of by way of gratuity?
We are asked to disturb a mode of settlement that
has been practiced for years, and with which the
States have heretofore been perfectly satisfied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Maryland provision
came from the Senator's own Committtee on Fi-
nance, and was agreed to by the Senate. If it
was pioper m that case, why is it not in every
other ?
Mr. HUNTER. I have stated that was made
under peculiar circumstances that I do not recol-
lect perfectly. The Senator from Maryland can
explain them. It will be found, I think, that they
do not apply to other cases.
Mr. PEARCE. I will state the facts in relation
to the claim of Maryland. The State of Mary-
land advanced large sums of money to the Gov-
ernment of the United States during the war of
1812, and some time after the close of that war
the United States reimbursed the principal. In
182G, an act was passed for the payment of inter-
est to the State of Maryland, and the interest was
paid upon a mode of calculation novel to me,
though I find it has been adopted as the usual
rule of computation m such cases at the Treasury.
That is to say, having determined to settle the
accounts, and commenced to make payments on
it, the first payment was applied to the reduction
of the principal, the interest being made to stand
aside; and so payments were made from time to
time, until the whole of the principal was liquida-
ted; and then they went back to the period when
they began to pay, and ascertained what the
amount of interest due at that time was, and paid
that sum without any interest on it. In 18:29, or
1830, an act was passed through both Houses of
Congress authorizing the payment of interest to
the State of Maryland upon the proper principle,
such as prevailed in mercantile transactions, and
it was vetoed by General Jackson, and the veto
came in at the next session of Congress, on the
ground that it was distuibing the usual mode of
settlement. [Laughter.]
After I became a member of the Senate, I re-
vived this claim of Maryland, under instructions
from my State Legislature, and 1 introduced a
general bill, providing for the liquidation of the
interest due to the different Status of the Union,
which had made such advances in a body. It
was objected to by a gentleman, then a Senator
from Alabama, who preferred that each State
should have its own claim rest on its own basis.
He introduced another bill for the benefit of the
State of Alabama, and it was passed through the
Senate, and under that bill the State of Alabama
was paid according to the old mode of computation.
The Senate will remark, however, that this rule
was always adopted in the allowance of interest.
The Government of the United States never paid
interest, exccpt where the State had paid interest
itself upon its advance, or had lost interest, and
Alabama obtained her allowance of interest be-
cause the funds which she had applied to aid the
General Government were taken from a-bank
which was her property, and she had thus been ob-
liged to contract her line of discounts, slnd so lost
interest. The State of Maryland obtained inter-
est because she had liquidated the bonds which
she had given to her creditors for the money she
applied for the service of the Government during
the war, by selling United States stock  f which
she was owner, thus transferring to the liquida-
tion of this obligation an interest-bearing fund.
The principle was that the United States would
pay no interest, except where interest had actu-
ally been paid or lost by the State.
As the State of Maryland came within that cats-
gory, she was entitled to interest; and after long
years of dispute on the subject, the Congress of
the United States at the last session passed the
act which has been referred to, providing for the
reexamination and readjustment of the account of
the State of Maryland, and directing that the in-
terest should be calculated according to certain
rules laid down by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States for that purpose; that is to say, first
applying the payments to the interest,and when
the interest was all liquidated, then applying them
to the piincipal; ana under that act X think the
State of Maryland received after the last session
of Congress about two hundred and seventy thou-
sand dollars. There are several States interested
in like manner, I do not now recollect how many;
but when I originally introduced the bill, I care-
fully noticed the States interested and their num-
ber, and no doubt the amount will be very large.
Delaware, South Carolina, Virginia, and several
other States,are interested, and the amountisvery
large; but I do not know that magnitude of the
obligation is any defense against the passage of
an act for payment according to the principles of
equity which have been applied to the State of
Maryland. This is an inconvenient time, it is true,
for us to be dunned for this money; but I think
we ought to settle fairly, if we do nothing else.
If we cannot pay the money, we ought at least to
acknowledge the obligation.
Mr. PUGrH called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 33, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bell, Benjamin, ISlocicriek, Col-
lamer, Ui ittenden. Dixon, Darker. Fev*endeii. Fuel!, Foot,
Foster, llamhn, Hammond, llarlan, Ilavue, Houston, Iver-
hoii. Jones, Kennedy, Mason, Peaiee, Polk, Rice, Reward,
Simmons. Thonwm oi N>-\v Jersey, Toombs, Wade, Wil-
son, Wnyht. and Yalee—33.
KAYS—Messis. Allen, Biglcr. Drown, Cameron, Chand-
ler, O'linamaii. Davis, Fitzpatnck, Green. Hunter, Jobrisnn
of Arkansas. Johnson of Tennessee, Km<r, Pugh, Reid, Se-
bastian, Slidell, Stuart, and Trumbull—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I have another amendment
to offer, to come in at the end of the first section:
That theseveial acts granting twenty percent, additional
pay to Hie eleik-s employed at the Washington navy yaid
he so C0h*trued as to embrace the inspector of timber in
the service al the time of the passage of said acts.
Mr. HUNTER. Ts not that a private claim ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I have nothing more to
say. I have another amendment to offer, to come
in after line two hundred and fifty-eight. The
provision is:
" For binding twenty four hundred eopics of Code of the
Distnct of Columbia, at seventy five cents per copy, author-
ized by act approved 3d March, ($l,b75."
I propose to add this amendment:
And that all the ruhn<rand hairline; for the several Exec-
utive Depaitmeuts shall be executed by practical and com-
petent bookbnideis, to be appointed by tlie liead of the De-
i partmcnt.
j We have already, in a previous bill, directed
I that allprintingshallbe done by practical printers;
and all engraving by practical engravers, I wish
| to put the binding on the same footing, and regu-
' late and control it so that it may not be given to
I special favorites or persons who are to be bene-
j fited by these appointments. Let it go to prac-
] tical mechanics.
j Mr. CRITTENDEN. How are they appointed
i now ■
■ Mr. IVERSON. At the discretion of the heads
of Departments, and given out as they choose. ■
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is the way they
are to be appointed by the amendment, 1 under-
stand. „
Mr. FESSENDEN. But they are to be prac-
tical bookbinders.
The amendment was agreed to.
