1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJLOBE.
April 7,
that they shall have the means of supplying these
men; and they have recommended that $3,000,000
shall be appropriated in advance for the purpose
of meeting the expenses of those troops.
Now, sir, let us see if there was not wisdom in
that recommendation. Under the last Administra-
tion, by a contract entered into in February, 1857,
the cost of transportation to Utah was$19 221-5 per
one hundred pounds per one hundred miles. Under
that Administration, two million two hundred
and sixty-four thousand one hundred and thir-
teen pounds of military supplies were transported
at these rates. The people themselves, in that
Territory, who have been engaged in merchan-
dizing or otherwise, have been put to a cost of
from fourteen to fifteen cents per pound fur the
transportation of supplies to that Territory, many
of which were transported by organizations, got-
ten up among Jhems^lves, antl, of course, the sup-
plies could be carried for something less than sup-
plies for the Army can bo transported.
Now let us see at what rates supplies can be
transported to Utah, to Fort Laramie, and Fort
Kearny.
Schedule of prices per hundred pounds per hundred miles to be paid to Russell, Majors Waddell, con-
tractors for transportation of military stores and supplies, under an agreement between Major General
Thomas S. Jesup> Quartermaster General of the United States Jlnmj, on behalf of the United States, and
the said firm of Russell, Majors fy Waddell, bearing date at Washington city, on the Itith day of Jan-
uary, 1858.
Names of posts, or places from which stores
are to be taken up.
To Fort Kearny and intermediate posts 
ToFoit Laiamieand posts beyond Fort Kear-
ny 
To Gioat Salt Lake City, or depot in Utal), ami
point beyond Fort Laiamie 
Periods of starting from points mentioned in the agreement above
refeued to, and rates of payment, except on haul bread, bacon,
pine lumber, and shingles, ptovuled for m article eight of the agice-
ment.
January 1
to Febru-
ary 23.
March 1 to
31.
o
— ©
•E n
c,
<«
o .
r-H n
>.>>
£ 3
August I
to 31.
September
1 to 30.
i
October 1
to 31.
November
1 to De-
cember 31.
$3 55
$2 90
$2 00
$'1 35
$1 50
§2 00
$2 90
$4 00
3 55
2 90
2 00
1 35
1 70
9 00
a oo
4 50
4 00
2 90
1 80
1 80
1 80
2 20
3 00
4 50
The above tabular rates to govern for all transportation not exceeding in the aggregate ten million pound*, and for
the fir>t additional five million pounds, or any part thereof, they t-hall be paid at the rate of uvontv-fivo per centum
advance on the^e tabular lafes, and for all ovei and above said fifteen million pounds winch they may lie lequued to
transpon under this agreement, an advance ol thirty-five pci centum on these tubular lates shall be paid tUecontraetois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. "Will the gentleman allow me
to make a statement right there >
Mr. LETCHER. I cannot yiold,-unless the
committee will extend my time. If they will give
me unlimited time, I will submit to any inter-
ruption from any gentleman on the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman's time
will be extended.
Mr. COLFAX, f trust the gentleman's time
will be extended. This is an important subject.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 shall object, at
this stage of the gentleman's remarks, to an un-
limited extension of time. When his time is
nearly out, if he is not able to complete Ins re-
marks, I shall have no objection to his time being
extended.
Mr. LETCHER. If I consent to interruptions
it must be upon the understanding that the House
shall consent to an extension of my time. If my
time is extended, I will cheerfully consent to be
interrupted to any extent whatever, embarrassing
as the situation may be.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I move that
the time of the gentleman from Virginia be ex-
tended for one hour.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition can be
entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I cannot yield. Tt is
perfectly manifest that these supplies have to be
transported to Utah, and that they can be trans-
ported for greatly less money between the 1st day
of April and the 31st day of August than in any
other peiiod of the year. During that period
these supplies can bo transported for $1 80 per
one hundred pounds for one hundred miles, or
computing the distance atone thousand two hun-
dred miles, at $21 GO per one hundred pounds for
the entire distance to the Territory.
Now, sir, the Secretary of War, with very great
propriety, and, as I think, with that due regard
to the public interest which should characterize
public officers, and which he has displayed in this
matter, proposes to anticipate the regular appro-
priation, that would not, in all probability, be
made before the last of July, about the rising of
Congress, >so as to purchase those articles, and
to have them ready to send oil* from Fort Leaven-
worth at some period between the 1st of April
and the 31st of August, when they can be trans-
ported at the rate of ^180 per one hundred pounus
per one hundred miles. I think the recommend-
ation is a pioper one on the score of economy-
and what difference does it make whether we ap-
propriate the money now or on the last day of
July next?
There is the whole of it, and there is this whole
objection that has been raised to anticipating ap-
propiiations, made by the gentlemen who have
discussed this question on the other side. Now,
sir, on the score of economy, those gentlemen
ought to sustain this proposition; because, if their
purpose shall be carried out, if this bill shall be
defeated, if those articles shall be purchased from
the appropiiutions made in the regular bill, then
the Government is to pay from three to four and
a half dollars foi transportation; and not only
that, but the Government is to run the risk of
having the wagons overtaken during the winter,
and the loss, probably, of the entire supplies. I
put it, then, to the common, practical sense of the
House, whether they are economists, or whether
I am practicing on an econominal rule, in the
recommendations that Ihave presented from the
Committee of Ways and Means,
Let us look at it again, Mr. Chairman, in an-
other point of view, and see whether this contract
is not an advantageous contract to the Govern-
ment, and one for which the Secretary of War,
instead of reproach, deserves commendation, at
the hands of this and the other House. Why, sir,
it is an immense business. How many wagons
do you suppose will be required to carry on this
transportation? how many yoke of oxen? how
much other preparation wiil be required to meet
the demands made by the Government under this
contract? It will require two thousand four bun-
dled and sixteen wagons to be used for transpor-
tation; and that is counting two trips to Fort Lar-
amie and two to Fort Kearny during tho year,
and one tn Urah. It will require two thousand
four hundred and sixteen wagons to transport
what is already ordered, to say nothing of what
may be ordered hereafter. It will require twenty-
eight thousand nine hundred and ninety-two oxen
for this purpose. Wagons cost about one hun-
dred and seventy dollars each, delivered at Fort
Leavenwoith. The oxen cost about ninety dol-
lars a yoke. They travel m companies of twenty-
five wagons, and there must be twenty-five team-
s'tors—one to each wagon. Besides, there must be
a wagon for the contractor to carry supplies for
his moil, which makes twenty-six m all;and there
is a captain and a lieutenant to each tram, who
have charge of if. Yes, sir; and there must be extra
teams if they carry a traveling forge, or anything
ot that kind, for they must be prepared with that
and everything else necessary to enable them to
supply adequately this tiain. When you come
to count up all these items, to say nothing of the
extra teams besides those I have enumerated, and
those referred to by my ft tend from rtlissouti,
[Mr. PriF.r.ps,] you have two thousand five hun-
dred and thirteen wagons, thirty thousand one
hundred and fifty-six oxen, two thousand five
hundred and thirteen teamsters, one hundred and
ninety-four captains and lieutenants, making in
all two thousand seven hundred and seven men.
And the capital which this contractor is required to
raise on his own credit, without a dollar of ad-
vance from this Government, is something near
two million dollars. And now, sir, when lie has
performed part of this service; when he is execut-
ing this contract, the House here say that they
will notfurnish the means to pay it; and that after
running his credit to the last verge, they will not
pay him for what he has done.
The views of the Secretary of War ought to be
carried out in the execution of this contract. We
know that property is as high now as it was a
year or two ago. This party has to buy on credit,
and of course he has to pay something additional
on that account. He has to go into the market,
furnish these wagons, these oxen, and hire these
men for this hazardous service; and yet the in-
crease in the cost of transportation is the differ-
ence between §13 22 1-5 and $21 GO under the ex-
isting contract with two million two hundred and
sixty-four thousand one hundred and thirteen
pounds to be transported under the nineteen-dol-
lar contract, and four hundred and ninety-five
thousand pounds already ordered under the twen-
ty-one dollar contract. Then I ask again, whether
the Secretary of War has not shown forecast here
which entitles him to credit, instead of ccnsure,
on the part of this House ?
My friend from Ohi#[Mr. Sherman] told us
that he was opposed to this bill because it was
altogether too general in its terms; that there was
nothing specific in it; and that he wanted to know
what those words, " incidental expenses" mean ?
He says he does not understand what it means,
and the committee docs not inform him what it
moans. I would like to know whether he has
read the bill; because, if he has, it is a marvel to
me that in looking at the fiftieth line he did not
discover what the " incidental expenses" covered.
This clause of the bill states:
" Foi the incidAual expenses of the quartet master's de-
partment, eoiioi.-ting of postage on letter and package* ie-
eeived ami sent by officer of the Aimy on public service;
expenses of couits-martial and courts of niquuj, including
the additional compensation to judge advocates, rccoulers,
member, and witnesses, while on that seivice, under the
act of Match 16, 1802; extra pay to soldieis employed un-
der the direction of the quartermasters depaitmcm, m the
eicctton of barracks, quaiters, storehouses, and ho-'pitaU ;
the construction of roads, and other constant labor, lor po-
unds of not less than ten davs, under the act* of March 'J,
lhl9, and August 45 1854, including those employed ascleiks
at dm-um and depaitment headquarter; expenses of ev-
pie&se^ to and fiom the iionuei posts and annies m the lield;
! ol escorts to paymaster, other disbursmgodiccr, and uam^,
j when l.niitaiy escorts cannot be fuimilled ; expenses ot the
! interment ol non-commi-^ioncd and soldier; authonzed
| office furmtuic; line ot laborers m the quai teinuclei's de-
| paitiuent, luetmhiiK hire of intcipicier?, spies, and guide-.,
; U>i thoAiniy; compensation of cleik to ofticcis of the quai-
. teima-tei'^ depaitment; compensation of foi age and wagon
j mulcts, authorized by the act of July 5, j«3d; foi the ap-
j pirheinon of deseiteis, and the expenses incident to their
' pursuit; the following expendituies lequhed foi the two
i legunents of diagoons, the two legimcnts of cavahy, the
| iegtinciit of mounud iiHemcn, and such companies of in-
1 fa.it.y a-; may be mounted, namely, the purchase of tiavel-
i ni2 lbige<, blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and mule
j shoes and naiN. iron and .steel tor shoeing, hue of veteimaiy
I suigeoir, medicines for bores and mules, picket ropes, ami
i shoeing the horse* of those corps, £190,000."
! The items arc set out clcarly and distinctly.
The gentleman will sec at once that it would
be impossible to furnish the specific amounts re-
quired to covcr each one of them. Then when
these incidental expenses are mentioned, they are
incidental expenses which can be ascertained from
this bill, on reference to it, to pay for items the
necessity for which every member can judge of
for himself. If the incidental expenses shall not
amount to the sum therein specified, then the bal-
ance will remain, not to be expended, under that
clause.
! Now, sir, are the provisions of this bill, so far
I as the Army is concerned, less or more specific
! than the provisions of former bills in legard to
1 the same subject? If my friend from Ohio [Mr.
SiiEitM \n] knows of a solitary instance m which
a bill of appropriations for the Army has been
more specific in its terms than the bill reported
by us, I should be glad to know when such a bib
was brought here, by whom brought here, and
when it war; considered bv this House.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I should like to
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. LETCHER. I think the gentleman ob-
