480
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Appropriations for Lake Harbors—Mr. Goodwin.
Ho. of Reps.
commerce have been sanctioned by the action of
nearly every Administration down to the present
time; they received the practical approval of the
administrations of Jefferson, Madison, and Jack-
son. The question now presented, is not, whether
the Government will originate these works and
continue these improvements, but simply whether
the Government will, after expending millions in
establishing these improvements,"allow them to be
destroyed and its money lost, for the want of small
appropriations to save them from destruction ?
"VVnether this trade and commerce shall be in a
great measure paralyzed, or enabled to contribute
to the revenues and the wealth and prosperity of
the country ?
its extent and importance.
From the report made by the Committee on
Commerce in the Thirty-Fourth Congress, and
from other sources of information, I find that the
value of the commerce of these lakes in 1855 was
more than six hundred and thirty million dollars;
1 also have the figures to show that the lake ton-
nage constitutes one fifteenth of the entire tonnage
of the United States; and for the last few years the
ratio of its increase has been more than double that
of our ocean tonnage. I also find that the clear-
ances of vessels from ports in the United States
to Canada and entries from ports in Canada to
ports in the United States for the year 1855, were
greater in amount of tonnage than between- the
United States and any other foreign country. The
value of our trade with Canada, carried on main-
ly over these lakes, is greater than with any other
foreign country, excepting England and France;
and this trade is rapidly increasing. The coast
line of these lakes on the American side is eighteen
hundred and sixty miles, and they have au average
breadth of about forty seven miles. This lake
shipping has also access to Lake Superior, open-
ing new and rich avenues of trade and commerce
which will rapidly increase in value and extent.
revenues and expenditures.
In the discussion a few days ago in relation to
the extravagant expenditures of the Government,
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letchhu]
seemed to include in that term those bills malting
appropriations for lake harbors, and for river nav-
igation. Now, sir, I will briefly refer to this point.
From 1837 to 1855, inclusive, the revenue derived
from duties on imports at the various ports on
the great lakes amount to §5,71:1,129 98. The
total amount appropriated by the Government
for the improvement of the navigation of these
lakes, from the beginning to 1855, inclusive, is
$2,884,125, less than has been appropriated for a
custom-house at New Orleans; surplus revenue re-
ceived by the United States, $2,829,004 98.
The following table will show the amounts of
duties collected at the different points on the lakes
from 1837 to 1855;
Ohwep) on
oi'iickio  150,t-6(> a;
Niagara   SJl.tWl 81
Buft.ilo Cri'ek  m:>,295 62
Oswe^aiclno      
Cham plum  9L
Cape Vincent  JjU,Gk2() .'M
Pjqmjuc Isle    8,f)0l .51
Miami  .........   Itt0,oC>3 K7
Sandusky  246,4G9 73
Cuyahoga  530,Ml 65
Detroit  218,095 *i3
Miehihmaekinac    10,875 61
Chicago  1,0-14,917 9G
Milwaukee  137,485 45
It will be found, by examination, that the Gov-
ernment has realized from this commerce a hand-
some income over and above all expenditures and
expenses.
But, sir, I do not ask for these appropriations
because of the profits this commerce has yielded
to the Treasury of the nation. I place it on a
broader ground. Our domestic commerce is as
much entitled to the care and protection of the
Government as ourforeign commerce. The pres-
ervation of these harbors is essential to this com-
merce; necessary for the safety of the property
and lives of the people engaged in it. The fact
cannot be dented that these harbors have saved
the country the amount the Government has ex-
pended on them over and over again. In princi-
ple, the commerce of the lakes is a national com-
merce, as well as our ocean commerce. Seven of
our ►States, containing about half of the popula-
tion of the country, are bounded, in part, on the
great lakes. By rivers, canals, and railroads, this
commerce is extended to, and connected with, the
tide waters of the Atlantic and the Mississippi
river, threading with links of intercommunication
many States, and adding to the wealth and pros-
perity of the whole country.
condition of the lake harbors.
The annual report of Colonel J. D. Graham,
the officer in charge of the lake harbor works,
made September 30, 1857, and published by the
order of this House, sets forth the condition of
these harbors and earnestly recommends imme-
diate appropriations to save them from destruc-
tion. I would call the attention of members to
this valuable official report, containing as it does, a
great amount of i nformation on this w hole subject.
It will be found that the harbor works are in a ruin-
ous and dilapidated state, the improvements here-
tofore commenced by the Government, and par-
tially completed, are being rapidly destroyed, and
without some aid the millions of money already
expended by the Government on the lake harbor
improvements, necessary for the preservation of life
and property, must become a total loss. Your pre-
sent Committee on Commerce, in the report on
this subject, says:
" In many instances tlie fruits of repeated appropriations
are now perishing for want of proper attention; and in all,
the works may be not only paved at their present state of
completion, by timely appropriations, but preserved for fu-
tuie improvement."
Mr. Chairman, in this connection I wish to re-
fer to the situation of Oswego harbor, New York,
the most important one on Lake Ontario, and ne-
cessary for the protection of the commerce of the
lakes; it will afford an illustration of the condi-
tion of the lake harbors generally. The follow-
ing is an extract from Colonel Graham's report:
" Oswicoo Harbor,Nkw York.—The works for the pro-
tection ol tim harbor uie in a very piocarmus condition.
" Tlu-y wcie eon.-lruou'd at apeuod when, it won Id seem,
there could not have been a just appreciation ol the toiec
of the lake sea which they were intended to resist.
<k During Hie present season a portion of the work has
crumbled, winch was built only four year* ago, at lite ex-
ueimty ot the wos t pier. The cub work lias been under-
mined at fourdillerent places, and the stone washed out by
the force of the sea. One of these breaches is within one
hundred and lUf y feet of the light-house. We have endeav-
ored to make temporary repairs at these places, m the beat
manner piaetieable, with the very small means at our com-
mand ; and, indeed, while writing this repoit,our attention
has been frequently abstracted from it under the necessity
of endwivonng to save important parts of the work fioni
more serious injuiy. We have not, however, the means to
do it in the peimanent manner lequired to make it last.
" 1 consider the light-house to be in danger from the storms
which must occur between the present season and the en-
suing spring.
The l nner harbor, designed to be protected by the work*,
iw also in imminent danger of being seriously injured, if
not altogether ruined, unless immediate appropriations be
granted ibi the most urgent repairs teqiured.
" For these repairs I herewith submitan estimate, marked
S I, amounting to #16,391 44.
" I would earnestly recommend that this sum be granted
with as lutle delay as po^Mblo, and in a single appiopnu-
tiou, because it is very impoitunt that the icquisite mate-
rials be collected, and certain portions of the work be done
the eu'-uin? winter. The whole work of repairs should be
m full vigor on the opening of spung.
"The harbor of Oswego, whether considered in a com-
meieial or military point of view, is undoubtedly the most
unpoitaiu on Lake Ontario.
'> By cauah and railroads it has a direct commercial con-
nection not onlv with Syracuse, Albany, and the city of
New York, but also with*Philadelphia, to which it is the
nearest port on the great lakes. The value of its internal
and eoasiwise trade is not less than sixty million dollars
per annum, the statistics of which 1 shall endeavor to pre-
sent in detail in a future leport. it is certainly the most ex-
tensive wheat market in the State of New York, and its
trade with the Canadas is greater than tiiat of all other ports
in the United States joined together.
44 The Oswego rivei empties into Lake Ontario at this
point. It is a powerful stream, studded with falls and lap-
ids, and the water power derived from it operates a great
number of mills and other factories.
u It brings into one toirent within its channel, the waters
of nearlv all the small lakes m the western part ofthe State
of New Yoik. The united waters of the Canandaigua, the
Seneca, the Caj uga.Owasco, and the Oneida, all flow into
it.
" Fort Ontario is situated on the east side of this harbor,
about twelve hundred feet from the light-house. It overlooks
and completely commands the harbor entrance.
iC It is an important work in the chain of defenses requisite
in times of war for our northern frontier, but 11$ import-
ance u Quid be greatly diminished if the ha-) bur v ere to become
deteriorated for want of the requisite protecting works."
This report was made in September, 1857;
since that time these works have sustained seri-
ous injuries, as will appear by the following let-
ter from Captain Malcolm, United States custo-
dian at that point;
Office op Publio Works,
Oswego, *5pril 14,1858.
Sir: 1 would most respectfully call your earnest attention
to the deplorable state of the Government pier at this place,
and to the absolute necessity for an early appropriation by
Congress for its repair.
For several years past the stone work has been rapidly
crumbling away, and during the past winter two hundred
cords of stone filling have escaped from the undermining of
the old crib work, built some twenty-five years since.
Indeed the whole pier is in a most dilapidated condition.
The counter ports or small piers inside, which strengthen,
and are the backbone to it, are fast washing away.
The oak plank sheathing which faces the pier at the light-
house, with a portion of the crib timber, is cut away some
forty feet, by the action of the waves.
If no appropriation is made this year, another year will
find us without light-house or pier.
The loss will not end here, for the remains of the work
will be carried into the channel, entirely closing its entrance
to the inner harbor, for which the work was designed to
protect.
In conclusion, I would most respectfully refer you to the
admirable repoit of Colonel Graham, for 1857, which places
this subject m its true light.
I am very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM SCHUYLER MALCOLM,
United Slates Custodian*
Hon. II. C. Goodwin, Washington.
Again, under date of May 13, 1858, he says,
in a letter urging action on this subject:
" There is not a lmrbor on the American side of Lake
Ontario wlierc the piers are not washing away, and filling
up the channels to thorn. As there is nothing now in the
pier (at Oswego) to keep it in its place, the first severe gale
wiii completely demolish the wlmlc work, and, of course,
destioy the commerce of this port."
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] in his remarks made several days
since, in opposition to the proposed appropria-
tions for completing custom-houses at various
points, referred to Oswego as a port where the
collection of the revenue cost the Government
more than it received, and condemned the ex-
penditure for a custom-house at that point. I re-
plied to the gentleman at the time. Now, I have,
from the Treasury Department, the figures to
show how the matter stands between Oswego and
the Government. The duties collected at the port of
Oswego, from June, 1848, to Jn u, 1856, amount to
$1,200,113 84. The amount of appropriations for
this harbor, from the beginning, is but $271,086.
After deducting the cost of the custom-house, and
the cost of collecting the duties at this point, it
will be found that the port of Oswego has paid to
the Government, for the eight years prior to 1856,
an average net income of at least one hundred
thousand dollars per year.
Now, sir, it is true, that since the adoption of
the " reciprocity treaty" the revenue at this point
has fallen off, for certain property is allowed to be
imported dutyfree; but while the duties collected
are less, the importations and trade have greatly
increased. The imports have to be entered at the
custom-house so that the officers may decide
what are free from, and what are to be charged
with duties. The duties paid at this port for the
last calender year before the treaty went into ef-
fect, amounted to more than two hundred and
ninety thousand dollars. Some of this amount
was afterwards refunded under the operation of
that treaty; but had the old rate of duties been
paid on the imports at this point in 1856, I am told
they would have amounted to near half amillion
dollars. Allow me to call attention for a mo-
ment to a few facts illustrating the importance of
maintaining this harbor, in a commercial point of
view. In 1856, the arrivals of vessels at this port
numbered three thousand five hundred and fifty,
with thirty-eight thousand four hundred and four-
teen men, and a tonnage amounting to eight hun-
dred and fifty-six thousand seven hundred and
seventy tons; this statement is only for arrivals.
Colonel Graham, in his report, refers to its im-
portance as a market for wheat. There are at
Oswego and its vicinity some twenty mills, capa-
ble of manufacturing more than ten thousand bar-
rels of flour per day; and twenty-one elevators
that can deliver fifty thousand bushels of grain
per hour. I have hastily glanced at these various
facts to correct any erroneous impressions that
may have been made by the remarks to which I
have referred. I also desire to call attention to
the remarks of Colonel Graham as to the import-
, ance of this harbor in a military view. In case
" of a rupture with Great Britain, this harbor, being
