2542,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Mr. DIXON. I wish to offer an amendment:
And be it further emoted, Thai when any district judge
is, or shall be designated nnd appointed, under and hy vir-
tue of the act entitled " An act to provide tor holding the
courts of the United States in the case of the sickness or
disability of the judges of the district courts," apptoved
July SO, 1850, and under and by virtue of the act amenda-
tory of the same, approved on the 2d day of April, 1852, to
perform the duties and exercise the powers in said acts
&pecilicd, there shall be allowed and paid to each district
judge, as a compensation forsueli service, in addition tohis
expenses, as provided by said acts, the further sum of eight
dollars per day, while engaged therein ; which, when cer-
tified by the clerk and the district atlorney, shall be paid by
the marshal, with such expenses, and shall be allowed him
in his accounts with the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. This is legislation. I do not
know where we shall stop. We might a3 well
take up the Calendar, and put all the bills on the
appropriation bills.
Mr. DIXON. I think this is in order. It is
carying out the provisions of the laws referred to
in the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from
Louisiana will state whether the committee have
ever agreed to this amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We had the subject under
consideration in the Committee on the Judiciary,
and we came to the conclusion that we would not
recommend it to the Senate, after a full discussion
in committee. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Pugii,] I think, was in favor of reporting an
amendment of this kind to tho appropriation biii,
but he was the only member of the committee
who agreed to it; and, upon full discussion m the
committee, the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio was rejected. I think the Senator will re-
member it.
Mr. PUttH. I was never in favor of putting
any proposition on an appropriation bill for legis-
lation. That is a mistake of the Senator from
Louisiana; but I was in favor of increasing the
salary of the district judge for Connecticut, be-
cause that judge was compelled to go to the city
' of New York, and hold court almost as much as
the jtnige of that district. I am now in favor of
increasing his salary, and increasing- it largely;
but as to this particular proposition, which 1 sup-
pose is meant to cover his case, 1 do not think I
can go for general legislation on this bill.
Mr. GREEN. I call for the reading of the first
pait. of the amendment again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. GREEN. My object in calling for the
reading of thai was lo see \vhelher it would have
a tendency to reach back. There was a case re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, the
design of winch was to reach back and pay a i
certain judge who luui held a ceitain post. We :
thought it a private cfaim. The law which au-
thonnes this transfer of jnusdiction specially
says that the judges shall be paid their expenses,
as certified by the clerk, under a cert.un Rtalenieut
of facts, without any addition to their salaries;
and it was our opinion, and it is nunc now as an
individual, i hat their salary is enough. If, how-
ever, the salary is not enough, we ought to add
to the salary,and not to undertake, in iui indirect
method, to increase the compensation the law au-
thorizes. 1 hope the amendment will be voted
down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Virginia to make a
question of order on this point.
Air. 11 [J iS 1 EU. No, sir. I do not see how I
con iniso a question of order. 1 say it is legisla-
tion, and we ought to vote it down for that rea-
son.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRiGIIT. I have a few amendments to
oner from the Committee on Public Ihuldings
and Grounds. First, I move to insert, at the end
of the first section:
For Ii!lue,r up Hie !iiI)'::;-:!- tvloncens; tu the United States :
eoutli of, a.'d ii'uucdj.ticiy adjoining, the present Capiiol '
incio.-utu,
MU-.TRITMIiULL. Tt is manifest that we can- ;
not get through wjth this bill tonight; and I move :
that the Senate adjourn. ;
The motion was not agreed to—ayes sixteen, |
noe* not counted. " i
Ah. iJiUOIiT. This appropriation is one of ;
rna.iy recommended by the boon.raiy of the In- 1
terior us embracing an improvement very import- |
ant to be made. The Committee on Public Build-
ings, however, agreed to but two of the great
number of recommendations—only those that
they considered indispensably necessary at this
time. This is the only speech I have to make.
Mr. CLAY. What is the necessity?
Mr. GREEN. I would inquire if it is not pro-
posed to buy out certain lands to enlarge the
grounds; and whether we ought not to consider
the whole matter together ? This is to fill up
south. I would prefer postponing the whole mat-
ter until we see how we are to enlarge the grounds.
Mr. BRIGHT. Whether the public grounds
be enlarged or not, this is an improvement neces-
sary and proper to be made. I have no doubt
thatif the public grounds be enlarged we shall go,
at least, as far as C street. If we should go as far
as C street, the improvement contemplated by this
amendment wdl have to be made.
Mr. MASON. What is the object?
Mr. BRIGHT. To fill up the low lands ad-
joining the Capitol.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 have another amendment to
offer.
For making improvements provided for in the fifteenth
section of the cuv chruter, appioved'May l.">. 1800, and the
twelfth Motion of tlio amended chaiter, approved May 17,
184b, §.',000.
Mr. HUNTER, What is that?
Mr. BRIGHT. The laws referred to in the
amendment provide that whenever the owneis of
property, private individuals, shall go on to im-
prove their grounds, the Government, if owning on
the opposite side of the street, shall make a corre-
sponding improvement. It is an appropriation to
be placed at the disposal of the Secretary of the
Interior, for the purpose of carrying out the ex-
isting laws referred to in the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have another amendment
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, to add at the end of the first section:
Thar the Piesidcnt of the United States cause the sum
of $0,001) to be advanced to C'laik Mills, in addition to the
sum already advanced, out of the .$50 000 appioptiated hy
the act of January 52.">, to erect at the capital of the
nation, an equestuan statue of Washington, on the peisonal
application and receipt ot the said Mills : lJioudc<1, That
the said Mill> furnish the Seeietaiy of the Imetioi with so
run y for the. completion of the statue as the Secretaiy may
requite.
Mr. Mills h s made his own speech in favor of
this* appropriation, in the shape of a memorial,
which 1 will ask the Secretary to read.
The Secretary lend tt, as follows:
| To the /tifhn'nP i //,v Senate and House of Representatives,
in e^\ (,s--eiiihU d:
an <V! of Connies.-, p.i^cd on the 9.">th January, 18."3,
j-CA)J)U0 vvete appiopu ued. lo enable the Piendent of the
I'm ted State-* to employ the undei Mimed to eieet an eijue>-
ti uin ftauie of W.i-lnn^toa at the capilal.
In the < ontiaer dt.iwn up between the Tie^ident and the
mides* is;ned, amUiym'd by them, it was stipulated that only
$"}0,(iv)0 should be paid to the undesigned until aftei the
statue \va-- completed and circled.
The uudei njiied had collected motciiaN, and Ins work
\va< m advance when. unloiuinately.afne de&tioyedail his
woiks and machine! y.
J ii eoiu-equeuee ot this, the undesigned ha<3 not been abb;
to complete and eieet tins statue up to thi> time, but it is
completed except the peije-tal.
Congre&tf has already given to the undesigned $5,000
moic than tho oonttact •ttipulated, in consideration of his
flicat lo^es by iue, but he yet finds hnn^elt unable to com
p'ete and end t!n> statue, without benu; permitted to draw
-£6,000 inoie tiom the Tiea-any at tins tunc ; and the object
of tins memonal is to petition your honorable bodies to al-
low him the amount out of the $25,000 of the appiopnation
yet unexpended.
And youi petitioner will ever pray, &c , &c.
(JLAUIv MILLS.
Washington, Mey 21, 15:58.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT, I have one other amendment
to add at the end of the first section:
To pay tho drausbtMn.m employed hy the Committees on
Public Buildings and tiumnds of the two House* ot Con-
frtc--!, for diawinifj and calculation-' luini-hed, and inci-
dental expenses defiaycd by hmi dining the last and pres-
ent session of Confess, $528.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have still another amend-
ment. There was an amendment passed on Sat-
urday,on motionof the Senator fiom Mississippi,
[Mr. Ijuowx,] providing- for the appropriation
of ^30,000 for the purpose of completing rooms
for the f-evoiv.l courts in this District. It is neces-
sary to strike out the word " criminal." I think
the amendment, as it now'reads, provides for the
criminal court. It should be " courts for the Dis-
trict/' leaving it to the proper authorities to de-
termine what courts shall occupy the buildings
proposed to be erected. I propose to strike out
the word " criminal'* before " court," and insert
the letter " s" after ii court."
Mr, HUNTER. That can be done by general
consent.
Mr. BRIGHT. By unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the correction will be
made.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer an amendment as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted, Ihat the public lands m the
Teintoiy of Kansas shall not be offered at public sale until
the expiration of one yearfiom and after the 1st day of
November next.
Mr. HUNTER. That is general legislation of
a very important character. Certainly that ought
not to be put on the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the objection?
Mr. HUNTER. The objection is, that it is a
matter of general legislation relating to a subject
of great importance.
Mr. SEWARD. I will be content with the yeas
and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Chair decide the amend-
ment to be in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No question
of order was raised.
Mr. PUGII. I raise the question of order. It
has nosortofpertinency. Weeannotputonany-
thing. I refer to Jefferson's Manual. It says an
amendmentmusthave some pertinency to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not aware of any rule that excludes it.
Mr. MASON. It is irrelevant.
Mr. CLAY. Docs not the general principle of
the Manual exclude irrelevant matter?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not aware of any general parliamentary law which
excludes an amendment on the ground of irrele-
vancy.
Mr. TOOMBS. I take an appeal. I supposed
everybody knew an amendment must have some-
thing to do with the bill.
Mr. PEAR.CE. I think the Senator from Geor-
gia is mistaken; I think it has been decided, over
and over again, that incongruity is no reason for
ruling out an amendment. The Senate must rec-
ollect an example, not very ancient, when an in-
valid pension bill was here, and I moved to it an
amendment to repeal a law granting certain lands
i to a lailroad in the West. I think you recollect
it, sir, for you opposed it very vehemently; and
it was then decided that incongruity was no ob-
jection to an amendment for the put pose of ruling
it out of order, as it had been decided before.
That was not the first time it was so decided. The
Senate have so idled again and again. I do not
think the amendment is out of order; but I shall
certainly not vote for it.
Mr. SEWARD. The nearest approach I have
ever seen to an objection like thus occurred in the
State of New York, where an amendment was
ruled out of order because it was a very long
amendment made to a very short bill. [Laugh-
ter.] I have avoided that point here by offering
a very short amendment to a very long bill; and
I am quite satisfied that it is very important, how-
ever incongruous it may be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: Shall the decision of tiie Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate r
Mr, BENJAMIin'. I hope the appeal v/ill be
withdrawn, and let us vote, on the question.
Mi. TOOM83. Well, I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Mer-fis. liioderick, Cameron, Chandler, Dixon,
Dnrkee, Fe>-em'en. Fostei. Ilainhn, Ilailau, Ivumcdj,
Bice, Scwatd, Simmon-*, ytuuit, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wibon—H.
NAYtf—r\Je?.-rs. Allen,Benjamin. Bi^ler, Bright, Blown,
Clav, Ciiii'itnan. Ciiuenden, Dhvin, Fixh, t'lt/patnck,
Gioon, G\vns, IJannuoMd, iJavne, Hou^t'ui, Uuntc-i. Ivor-
son, John-on^of Aikansa*, Johnson of Teuue^.ec. Jones,
iVIalloiy, M.^on, Pearce, Polk, ru^h, Reul, ScharMdn, Sh-
cleil. Thomson oi New Jersey,Too'm'b-, Wright, and Yulre
—33
So the amendment was rejected.
