1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
protected by Port Ontario, would be of the utmost
importance to our vessels engaged in this com-
merce, and would also be essential for the safety
of Government vessels and stores, and although
a war may be utterly improbable, yet all expe-
rience arid recent occurrences show the propriety
of not allowing the usefulness and efficiency of
such defenses to be destroyed for the want of at-
tention on the part of the Government.
Mr. Chairman, there is another point to which
I will briefly refer, showing the importance of
these appropriations for the lake harbors, and
that is the fearful loss of life and property that
occurs on these lakes from the want of proper pro-
tection in the shape of harbors. For a period of
eight years the value of property lost on the lakes
and damage sustained, was more than five million
eight hundred and twenty-eight thousand three
hundred and forty-six dollars; number of vessels
lost in that time one thousand two hundred and
thirty-one; of those, five hundred and sixty-six
were stranded. The total loss of property on the
lakes in 1857, was more than one million three hun-
dred and eighty-seven thousand nineliundred and
thirty-five dollars. Total loss of life in 1857, was
four hundred and ninety; in 1856, four hundred
and seven. Those most intimately acquainted
with the commerce of the lakes unite in saying,
that much of this loss, both^as respects life and
property, is owing to the want of harbor accom-
modations and protection. This applies partic-
ularly to the loss sustained by the stranding of
vessels. Why, sir, the value of the property ex-
posed to the perils of lake navigation is about equal
to the total value of all the merchandise exported
from the United States to foreign countries added
to the value of all that is imported into our coun-
try. Some years it exceeds in value the sum to-
tal of our exports and imports, and in other years
it falls but little short.
Mr. Chairman, we are near the close of the
session. These bills have been for a long time
before the House and Senate. We have just ap-
propriated a million dollars to continue the works
for bringing water to the city of Washington.
We shall appropriate near a million dollars to
continue the works on the Capitol extension.
Now, after all* this, is it right for Congress to
refuse or neglect to make these small appropri-
ations for the protection of these vast interests,
for the safety of life and property, for the im-
provement of these grand highways of trade
and commerce? Sir, let not the Government turn
aside from these duties that lie directly in its path-
way, but mete out to the commerce of the great
Jakes—a national interest—the same measure or
justice that it has not been withheld from our in-
terests on the sea-board.
; in the Committee of the Whole on the
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
SPEECH OF HON. WILLIAM SMITH,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 31,1858.
The House bem;
state of the Union— i
Mr. SMITH said: 1
Mr. Chairman: I have been here for twelve
hours, under quite feeble health; for until to-day
I have not felt tolerably well for ten days; but a
purely personal matter was thrown into the dis-
cussion in which I participated to-day, of new
matter out and out; and I was denied the comity,
which is rarely refused, of responding to that
matter at the time. I owe nothing to the gentle-
men who objected. At this late period of the ses-
sion, it was obviously a matter of great interest
to me that the remarks which I might deem proper
to submit on that question should go out with the
mam debate; and yet they denied me the floor.
The gentleman, also, who has just addressed
the committee, [Mr. Leiter,] has certainly en-
titled himself to some reply from me. I must
confess that the line of his remarks has provoked
no little indignation; for I consider it politically
unjust, and politically very abusive, in its charac-
ter.
Mr. Chairman, of course I am obliged to be very
brief, it being past ten, p. m. It will be recol-
New Series.—No. 31.
lected by those of the committee who were pres-
ent that to-day I forbore, as much as was in„my
power, to make any reference to one of the mem-
bers from Illinois—the member who last spoke,
[Mr. Morris.] I avoided it simply from an in-
disposition to introduce him into this discussion,
beyond what was indispensable. Nevertheless,
he came into it with matter obviously prepared,
and with a view, if possible, to make an issue
with me on a question of fact. And, sir, never
was I more astonished than when he introduced
the affidavit of an old soldier, of impaired hearing,
and who can hardly hare heard or understood an
entire sentence of the conversation, and
" Whoso trembling limbs have borne him to your dooi,"
with a view to sccure him a pension, not from
the justice, but from the sympathies of Congress.
I was astonished that the memb'er should have
, sent home and got the affidavit of this old man
: as to a question of fact between the member and
i myself, who were conversing upon an interesting
subject, naturally calculated., from its character,
to arouse our liveliest attention. It is a deep
wrong, Mr. Chairman, which the member has
perpetrated on that old man, and I now propose
to show it. I will read here what the member
himself did say on a former occasion in this con-
nection. It will be recollected, sir, that I charged
that a certain conversation had taken place. Now,
here is what the member said:
" Tf \ ever had a conversation with the centloman from
Virginia, (ami I recollect having one,) it wa- some tune in
December hist, in mvpuvate room at the United States
Hotel, in the piesnnce ol my family I invited the gentle-
man to my room tor the purpose, ab I thmk the gentleman
will bear me witness, mainly ol'intioducins him to an old
fnond who formerly lived m VngHiia, and who had come
on lieie fur the purpose of obtaining a pens-ion, and I was
desirous of enlisting the member6! of the House, m his favor.
The conversation to which the gentleman alludes came up
incidentally. 1 entered into it with him with a view of as-
certaining if this Kansas question could not be settled with-
out any serious division m the Democratic party. In that
conversation much was said. I remember remarking to the
gentleman from Virginia that he ought to recollect that.in
Illinois we were differently shunted from himself; ihatwe
had a different constituency; that the Democracy of Illi-
nois had, before the meeting of Congress, with scarcely an
exception, taken their position in opposition to the Le-
coinpton constitution, and that neither Douglas nor any
other man could be returned from that State to the United
States, Senate if he favored an instrument of that diarmler.
rrocollect stating to him that potithem gentlemen ought to
have some charity and feeling tor our position."
That is what the gentleman himself admitted
to have been the character of the conversation, and
yet he introduces to this House this poor old
man's affidavit, backed up with a certificate signed
by a number of persons, which was gotten up for
another purpose in the year 1855, as to his reli-
ability and trustwoitlunessj'and he makes this
poor old man say as follows:
" Affiant further states that said Smith came to said room
abonr half-past seven o'clock, p. in., of said dav, and re-
mained therefrom one half to thiee quairers 01 an hour.
That the only person* present were the wild rf.Mi j if. Mourns
and his wife.and affiant; and affiant now most positively
states that no aucn statement as said Smith has attributed to
said Morris, in a speech recently delivered by him (San n)
in the Hou.^e of Representatives, in substance, that 'the
j TUinoU delegation in Conaress had had a conference, and
t determined or agreed that the only way for Dodwlas
I to seem e his reelection to the United Slates Senate was hy
I opposing the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton con-
i sticutionwere made by said Morris at the time, nor was
i anything said by said Morris which could be so construed as
| to bear any such meaning.**
1 It is only necessary for me, Mr. Chairman, to
. fix attention upon the statement of the member
. himself, which J have just read, and to contrast it
i with the affidavit of this old man The truth is,
j it raises an issue of fact with himself, and dis-
I proves, if anything, his own statement, which I
j have read. But that is not all. I did not aJv^t,
! to the statement of the gentleman [Mr. Burnett]
! who spoke on this subject on a former occasion;
; but I will now read sundry extracts from what he
said. He said:
u The gentleman from Yiigmui. some time ago, in a con-
versation between U'. when wo were diseu-s-ifiii the action
nt the Demoeiatic party upon the Knu a* question, or of
those oI the Democratic paity who differed with us, and
the \easons tor then eouis>e, !>tnd to me, substantially, what
he ha-i stated heie. I iemni'<ed to him then mat i hrn. had
a convention with Mr. Morris, m winch lie repeated,
substantially, the same language to me."
Again:
« The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Morris] approached
me this moinmg, and s>aid that he understood that i had
stated that 1 had had, substantially, the same conversation
with him which the gentleman from Virginia repeated yes-
terday."
Again:
" if on;, sir, as to the facts. The time I cannot fix. Some
time early in the session, I, in company with another gen-
tleman, who is a memberof this flousejinet the gentleman
from Illinois on the street. I introduced him to the gentle-
mati, and some conversation passed between us of a light
and trivial character, I do not now recollect what. He then
asked me to call at his room, saying that he desired trt talft
with me. I was then on my way, I think, to the War De.-
partmcnt. I did call at his room on my return, and a long
conversation took place between us. I cannot pretend to
give the whole of that conversation, nor will I undertake to
give the language used, because eveiy gentleman, whether
lie be a lawyer or not, knows how impossible it is to give
the details of such conversations, or the precise language
Used by any individual. I do not desire to do the gentleman
from Illinois any injustice. The conversation was commenced
Inj him. I did not know what his purpose was. He com-
menced by speaking of the position which had been taken
by the distinguished Senator from Illinois, and by his col-
leagues in this House upon the Kansas question. I under-
stood him distinctly to say, that upon a conference of the
friends of Judge Douglas—the friendsfrom Xllinois-'it had
been agreed that he should take the course which he has pur-
sued in rejerence to the Kansas question as the only means
by which he couldsustain himself at home ; that unless he did
take that course he would not only inevitably suffer defeat at
home himselfi hit his friends would fall vnth-him.
" Duung this conversation, which, as I have said, was one
of some length, and which was held with me as a friend of
Judge Dopglas, something was said about some arrange-
ment by which the Democratic party could act together, and
stand a unit upon this question. We talked a good deal upon
that subject. .During the conversation there was a statement
made, that one reason why Judge Douglas felt himself ag-
grieved, and why he had pursued this course, was. that there
had been an attempt upon the part of the present Administra-
tion to destroy him, to crush him, to break him down; that
hit friends had been neglected in appointments, and the claims
of Illinois overlooked; and that Judge Douglas did not in-
tend to be crushed by the present Administration
In my speech of the 26th March, with such,
statements from honorable gentlemen, the extra-
ordinary course of Judge Douglas and his col-
leagues in this House, and other evidence of a
highly significant character, which 1 did not feel
at liberty to use, I think I was fully justified in
saying in reference to Judge Douglas:
" 1 fear ambition has done its worK. I fear imaginary
private griefs have been actively at work. I iiave heard of
a meeting of the Illinois delegation to consider of the policy
to be pursued."
And, sir, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Marshall,] in his first speech, breathed forth
the general dissatisfaction of Judge Douglas and
his friends, as the following extract will show.
Speaking of Illinois, the gentleman says:
" Prom the moment she became a sovereign State to the
nre«ent tune, she has never failed in her adherence to the
national jjemociaey. With men of acknowledged talents
and statesmanship in her midt-t, not one of her sons has ever,
at any time, received a first class appointment from tllfl'ed-
eial Government. Her claims in this respect have been eu-
regauied. Notwithstanding all this, we have adheiedtuour
faith and battled lor the right without a murmur."
Mr. Chairman, I will add, in this connection,
that there are other gentlemen to whom I might
have referred, the fentieman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Davidson,! and another gentleman from.
Kentucky, both of whom had similar conversa-
tions, in effect, with the member from Illinois [Mr.
Morris.] And yet, sir, after that admission, after
my statement, after the evidence to which 1 have
referred, the member brings in this affidavit to
raise a question of veracity with me ! Sir, I eon-
sign him to that destiny which he deserves and
which will be accorded to him by the judgment of
the House us well as by the country at large,
i Having said thus much, sir, allow me to turn
I in another direction. I am surprised, beyond
i degree surprised, that the gentleman from Ohio
i [Mr. Leiter] should have indulged in the speech
I with which he entertained us to-night. He has
.j sat here in comparative silence during the whole
ji winter; he has heard, for five months, this dig-
s' cushion go on; he has waited until this late hour
ii of the session, and this late hour of the night, to
!! make a violent attack upon the Democratic party
!j in general, and upon his colleagues from Ohio m
ji particular, when lie knows that there is a great
'' chance that tlicy cannot possibly have any oppor-
tunity of replying to him. I submit, sir, that it
was not treating the question, or his colleagues,
01- the Democratic party, fairly. But that I hap-
pen to have the floor at this late hour of the night
I should have had no opportunity to advert to it,
and now, having the floor, I beg leave to indulg6
in a few remarks.
j! The gentleman commences remarkauly, very
ii remarkably indeed, by charging that there are
