1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
Mr. STUART. I am requested by tlie Secre-
tary of the Interior to offer the following amend-
ment, to regulate appeals from the Land Office to
the Secretary, to have them in the first place go
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
It is the only effectual way. The amendment is
to insert as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the eleventh section of
the act of Congress approved September 4, 1841, entitled
"An art to appropriate the proceeds of the public lands,
and lo grant preemption rights," be so amended that ap-
peals from the decisions of the district officers, in cases of
contest between different settlers for the right of preemp-
tion, shall hereafter be decided by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, whose decision shall be final, unless
appeal therefrom betaken to* the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HUNTER. This is legislation. It may
be very good legislation, but we shall never end
the bill if we put amendments of this character
upon it.
Mr. STUART. It is not only very good le-
gislation, but legislation which will save a great
deal of trouble and expense to the Government.
It simply authorizes an examination by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office first, because
of the change of the law, and giving to the Sec-
retary of the Interior what at the time was given
to the Secretary of the Treasury. I hope there
will be no objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we ought not to put
such things in this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I offer another amendment,
which, as it is to save a good deal of money, I
hope will not be objected to. It is to add as a
new section:
And hp it further enacted, That so much of all acts and
paits of acts as require or authorize the Postmaster General
to publish notice of letting contracts to carry the mails m
the respective States, m newspapers published in the city
of Washington, in the District of Columbia, be, and the same
is hereby, lepealed.
I will only say that in response to a resolution
which I submitted, directed to the Secretary of the
Treasury, it was ascertained that the cost of pub-
lishing the mail lettings at this season, in these
Washington papers, was $47,000. Itamountsto
about this sum every time they are published,
and it is agreed by the Post Office Department
that it is utterly useless. The amendment pro-
poses to repeal such laws as make that necessary.
Mr. HUNTER. It may be a very good amend-
ment; but it is legislation.
Mr. FES3ENDEN and Mr. HAMLIN. But
it is necessary legislation.
Mr. TOOMBS. My opinion is that they should
be published but in one paper, and that one here.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I have only one further amend-
ment to offer—to add as an additional section:
J]ni be it further enacted, That the line surveyed byjolm
C. McCoy, ill 1K38, as tile western boundaiy of the iiiilf-
bieod tia.ee, specified 111 the tenth aiticle of the treaty made
between conniii^&ionersoii thepaitof litc United btatcs and
certain Indian tubes at Frame dn Cilien, on the 15tll ot July,
1830, lie, and the same is hereby, established as the true
western boundary ot'said tract.
If the Senate will give me its ear for a moment,
I think there will be no objection to this amend-
ment. The tenth article of the treaty provided
that a certain tract of land westof Missouri, being
ten miles deep, and lying between the Great and
Little Nemaha, should be retained by those In-
dians in possession, and that at some subsequent
time the President of the United States should be
authorized to give a fee simple to such portions
of them as were thought proper. The line was
run twenty years ago, by Mr. McCoy. When we
passed the Kansas-Nebraska act, we provided for
the survey of the remainder of the land.^ The
lands were surveyed up to that line, subject to
preemption, occupied and settled by a large num-
ber of settlers. The amount of property there,
as is proved to the committee, is over seventy
thousand dollars. A town is built upon it. Now
a question arises as to whether that land was cor-
rectly surveyed; whether it is about a mile and
three quai tcrs too short at one end, but there is
more land there than is necessary to do justice to
the half-breeds under that article of the treaty.
The conflict is now made, and it is imminent.
The Secretary of the Interior ifl now adjusting
those fee simples under the treaty, and it is neces-
sary tiiat the action be speedy, in order to be of
any value.
I have submitted the question to? ana consulted
with, the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, [Mr. Sebastian,] who also understands
this question, and agrees with me, that the line
surveyed by McCoy twenty years ago, ought to
be now established as the true line. It varies it,
as I said, at one end, perhaps a mile and three
quarters, and does not vary it at all at the other;
it leaves the gore of land now thickly settled, and
which the Indian Office proposes to disturb by
adjusting these fees simple. There are some three
hundred half-breed Indians there, and an abund-
ance of land, it being ten miles by twenty, for the
whole of them, with this line as it stands. The
Senator from Virginia may say it is legislation—
it is; but I think, at all events, it is legislation as
important as the general appropriation bill. You
cannot disturb those settlers at this time without
producing immense mischief in the country.
Mr. HUNTER. If we could confine the ap-
propriation bills to proper subjects of appropria-
tion, it would not take us the tenth of the time
we now consume in acting upon them. The con-
sequence of this sort of legislation is, that any
chairman of a committee can bring up all the bills
reported by his committee, and unless I can show
it is bad legislation, it goes on the appropriation
bill. I have not examined this amendment. It
may be very good, or it may be very bad. All I
can do is to examine the question of appropri-
ation; but if we are to admit that any measure
which is good, or any bill which is good, is a
proper subject of legislation upon appropriation
bills, there is no end to it.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say that I am
as much opposed as the Senator is to adding to
the general appropriation bills any legislation
which is not indispensable; but that Senator him-
self or his own committee has introduced general
legislation upon this bill. It was that species of
general legislation,however, that required imme-
diate action, and so does this. I do not move it
for any other purpose in the world. I say that
the President and the Secretary of the Interior, in
obedience to the tenth article of that treaty, are
now adjusting these fees simple, and it becomes
necessary to determine at once that line. The set-
tlers upon that gore of land there have gone on it
in good faith, it being land open to preemption.
We said to them, by proclamations, that it was
open to preemption. They have respected the
line of McCoy. Not a man of them has gone or
attempted to go over it, but they are simply on
public land. It is reported that there is an abund-
ance of land to make the assignments under that
treaty in good faith and to spare within the bound-
aries of McCoy's line run twenty years ago. The
Government will be involved in immense difficulty
and immense expense, unless we settle it now.
Mr. POLK. It is evident that we cannot get
through with the bill; and I therefore move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the amendment will be
adopted. It is indispensably neccssary.
The amendment was agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes twenty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. FITCH. I offer the following amendment
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post/
Roads, to add at the end of the first section
For the constiuction of abjuldina tor a post office^ami
other Government purposes, m the city of Brooklyn, State
of New Yo-.k, r-50,000, and alsouieh additional sum as may
be necessaiv to"purchase a suitable site for such budding.
For the pin-chase of a site, and the erection of a building
thereon, in Columbus, m the State of Ohio, toi a post otlice
and oilier Government purposes,
For the purchase of a site, for the building for public pur-
poses, authoi ized to be erected atTallaliassee, by the act of
Match 3, 1857, the sum of §20,0^0.
For a site, and building for a post office, and other Gov-
ernment puiposqs, m Hartfoid, in the State of Connecticut,
the sum of $vj0,000.
For the purchase of a site, and thp erection of a building
thereon, in IJaiii-bui?, State of Pennsylvania, for a post
office, and other Government purposes, $50,01)0.
Mr. HUNTER. The Treasury is already
nearly broken down in cairying out appropria-
tions made for existing buildings. It seems to me
this can be no time to add to those burdens by au-
thorizing these new buildings. I will say no more,
but 1 hope the Senate will vote the amendment
down. 1 cannot think they will put it on this
bill.
Mr. POLK. If an amendment to the amend-
ment is in order, I offer one to appropriate for a
post office building, and other public offices, in
the city of Jefferson, in the State of Missouri,
$30,000. * #
Mr. FITCH. I admit the depressed condition;
of the Treasury; butifthis amendment is adopted
it will place the towns where these post offices are
asked, or ratheivplace these appropriations on the
same footing with many others. Appropriations
have already been made for this object for which
there is no money in the Treasury. They amount
only to a declaration on the part of Congress of
their willingness that the money shall be expende.4
for such purposes whenever we have it. The Sen-
ator from Virginia deems it his duty, as doubtless
it is, to object. I would simply remind the Sen-
ator that the capital of his State, and the capital
of my own State, are provided for, and I cannot,
therefore, consistently vote against appropriations
of this kind for the capitals of other States, where
they are asked.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is any further
amendment in order ?
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I have an
amendment to offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Senator from Arkansas has
the floor, but the Chair will state to him that an
amendment to the amendment has been proposed
by the Senator from Missouri, which he is pre-
paring.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to offer
an amendment, that $30,000 be appropriated for
a custom-house and post office at Little Rack, in
the State of Arkansas. There never has been
any appropriation made at that city. There is
no place fur the courts or post office there. This
appropriation has already passed once in this
body, and if it be in order, I now move it as an
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Chair will
suggest to the Senator that the amendment is not
in order, as the Senator from Missouri is now
preparing an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose that the amend-
ments are not in order unless they are in pursu-
anceof estimates from aDepartmentorcomefrom
a committee. I hope the Chair will ask that ques-
tion.
Mr. BIGLER. Let us vote on the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CLAY. To save time on these points of
order, I ask whether the amendments are in or-
der unless they come from some committee, or in
puisuance of an estimate from a Department?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a ques-
tion of fact to be ascertained from the Senator
who offers the amendment.
Mr. POLK. I do not propose it from a com-
mit'ee
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is not au-
thorized by a committee, or to carry out a reso-
lution of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate
from a Departmental is out of order, under the
rule.
Mr. CLAY. Then let us have the question on
the amendment of the committee.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Indiana did
come from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho Chair so
understands.
Mr. BROWN. And the objection made to the
amendment of the Senator fiomMissonri is, that
it does not come from a committee. Well, sir, I
have yet to learn, when an amendment is offered
and is received, that nothing can be in order as an
amendment to that amendment which does not
come from a committee. That is a mode of le-
gislation that I have never heard of before. If a
committee can recommend the building of a post
office at Hartford, Connecticut, then, according
to this idea, I mustgo to a committee to get them
to consent to an appropriation to build a post of-
fice in Mississippi, which amendment I intend to
move at the first opportunity. There can bo no
such rule; and from such ruling I take an appeal
to the Senate, if the chairman of the Committee
on Finance insists upon making such a rule. We.
shall next be told that if a bill is before the Senate
from a regular committee, then you cannot move
an amendment to it unless you get the consent o*
a committee to do so.
Why, sir, such legislation is perfectly mon-
strous. After a while we shall be told that we
