482
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 81,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
traitors in the Democratic party in the North.
Well, the gentleman is competent to judge, for he
has had experience upon that subject.
Mr. LEITER. Yes, I have seen them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir, he has
seen them, and been of them. I understand that
up to 1854, you were of the Democratic party
yourself, and now you charge treason upon that
party which brought you into distinction, and
gave you honor and fame.
Mr. LEITER. I wish to say that I have in
my possession means to prove that I stand upon
the same platform now that I did before.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh, certainly—ex-
actly. No man ever changes, but a great party
swings around to enable the gentleman to pre-
servers consistency! Shame on him ! 1 would
not so add insult to injury as to affect to be un-
changeable. Who sent the gentleman here ? Did
the Democratic party ?
Mr. LEITER. A part of it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Ay, a very small
part, T will be bound. A hundred, perhaps,
gentlemen, who had a little fellow-feeling for his
old Democracy, whom he took into corners, per-
haps in some retired place. Sir, he was sent
here by the Black Republican party, and he in-
sults them by getting up here now and claiming
still to be a Democrat. By the gods! I have
never seen such cool and deliberate assurance.
Yes, sir, he played false to the Democratic party
in 1854, and, as he acknowledges, practiced trea-
son against those whom he now denounces. Nor
is that all; he insults the very party to whom he
owes his present greatness by scorning it and tell-
ing us that he still cleaves to the Democracy and
is still a Democrat.
Mr. LEITER. I do not claim to belong to
that Democratic party. I claim that essentially,
and to all intents and purposes, tlie Republican
party is standing upon Demociatic piinciples.
Mr. SMITH, of Vu-ginm. Exactly! Lord !
" how we apples swim." Why, sir, that is the
game such changelings ever play, as is shown in
the history of parties in this Republic of ours for
seventy-five years; the opposition to the Democ-
racy have all along been trying to get our name.
They have nicknamed us almost every other day;
yet, under the influence of sound principles, and j
those ennobling sympathies which bind us to I
our kind, we have made even their nicknames i
populur. The gentleman undertook to prove us :
Knaves. Sir, he proves himself and hu* party j
fools in doing it. i
Mr. LEITER. I wish to say that I attempted !
no such thing. 1 talked about the northern De-
mocracy.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. He charges the
Democratic party with hypocrisy. He u.scd the
term hypocrisy more than offee dehbetateiy. lie
charges us with playing the country false; with j
falsifying our pledges. lie arraigns Mr. Buch-
anan, the head of the Democratic party, as a j
criminal. In charging us thus, he undertakes j
to prove us knaves; and what docs he prove, if i
anything? That the people of the country are j
fools; that his party, with his bestefforts, claim- j
ing the right, had not the sense to make the right i
appear before the country; that we—we, the i
groundlings, the unwashed, the uncombed, the i
unterrified, as the enemy sometimes maliciously j
call us—had the intellect and the brightness, in ;
spite of all the efforts of the Opposition, to honey-;
fuggleand obfusticate the great mass of ourintel- '
ligent countrymen m whose hands repose the
greatest sovereignty, it may be, under the sun !
Now, sir, it is a matter of astonishment—pos-
itively a matter of amazement—that the gentleman
Bhould so far forget himself as to stand boldly
before the country in the attitude of acknowledg-
ing that having the right on their side, he and his
party had not the smartness to make the people
understand it. He reflects upon himself and his
party by showing what weak vessels they are, or,
at any rate, that they are of very inferior capacity,
or else that the people are as dull as the ground
on which he treads, and are incapable of appreci-
ating the truth.
Mr. LEITER. I will say to the gentleman that
the canvass before the people upon the issue as
now made up has not yet taken place. We will
try it next fall. Wait till then.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir; the gen-1
tleraan is now playing the part of Mr. Seward j
and others, in the grand canvass of 1856, who |
gave us the very number of hours that we, the
Democratic party, had to live. After the passage
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, Mr. Seward told
the country, in that dogmatical and prophetic
vein in which he sometimes indulges, the exact
number of hours that it was our destiny to linger
in this vale of tears; and the gentleman humbly
follows his illustrious predecessor. Sir, I thank
God that there is intelligence enough m the peo-
ple to unmask the hypocrite. I thank God that
there is intelligence enough in the people to detect
the wolf in sheep's clothing; and that, when trai-
tors stalk abroad, there is power enough in the
great masses of the people to detect them, and
hang them as high as Haman.
The gentleman talks about a time-honored com-
promise, and the repeal of the Missouri restric-
tion. He says that" the great first sin" was per-
petrated in 1854, and that the whole nation sent
up one howl of indignant anguish. Sir, what
was that question ? What was it ? The gentle-
man was a Democrat up to 1854, and concurred
in the universal reprobation of that Missouri re-
striction. It was almost universally conceded to
be a wrong. But what did its repeal do ?
Mr. LEITER. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
if he did not indorse it in 1845?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; no.
Mr. LEITER. Nor in 1849 ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; I did not.
Mr. LEITER. Not in the annexation of
Texas ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh, my dear sir,
you know how all that question is. It is not
worth while to go into it now. I am ready to
meet the gentleman upon that; but I want to deal
now with the popular aspect of the question.
What did the Missouri compromise do ? Who
did u wrong? who? The Missouri compromise,
which the gentleman now whines over, did un- j
dertako, to be sure, to interdict the right of pop- j
ular sovereignty, and to say that persons owning J
slaves should not go on one side of a given line. !
What did its repeal do? It simply said that all '
free white persons should have the power of do-
ing their own will; that they should establish
their own government; and that there should be
no geographical distinctions. And who is there,
having proper sympathy in his heart and an ele-
ment of moral justice in his bosom, will object to
every white citizen in America being entitled to
the same rights and privileges? Who can object
to it? The gentleman from Ohio does. It is the
misfortune of those* going over from the Demo-
cratic party never again to see a ray of that glori-
ous light which is destined to illumine the world,
and conduct it on m its glorious career.
Well, the Democracy repealed that line, and
the gentleman says a struggle ensued. So it did;
and the Democratic party were floored, in 1855, i
by the howls of fanaticism of that party with j
which the gentleman is so proud to act. They !
floored us for a time; but Democracy, though j
floored—true to us exultant and buoyant natuie— i
springs with elastic bound to us feet again, knocks j
all kinds of isms into pi, and promptly recovers }
its beneficent ascendency. The intelligent people ;
were aroused, spoke the voice of command, and ;
elected our present Chief Magistrate. j
Butthatis riot all. The Black Republicans came \
into this Hall with a majority. What was the j
result? It undertook to revolutionize the Govern-
ment.
Mr. LEITER. Does the gentleman mean to
s#y that we had a Republican majority?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. You had, until i
your atrocities lost it to you. You came here j
with a heavy majority; but your conduct was so |
damnable that some of your own men left you ;
with disgust. You came with a majority full of
all the hope that is borne upon the vision of a
glorious triumph, and full of unction and delight;
but a nipping frostcame, as was the case in 1841,
and has been the case on various occasions.
Mr. LEITER. Is it not the fact that the high-
est number of votes we were ever able to give for
our Speaker was one hundred and three out of
two hundred and thirty-four members?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes; but you got
your Speaker, and you got the committees, and
you, in effect, undertook to upset the Government.
The people took away your power of mischief. A
reaction ensued, and we came here in power. Un-
happily there were differences of opinion in regard
to Kansas affairs, in regard to the obligations
growing out of the Cincinnati platform, and in re-
gard to certain proceedings in Kansas. That is
all true; but let me tell the gentleman that the
doctrine of popular sovereignty is a doctrine which
recognizes the power of the people to govern ac-
cording to law, not according to mobs or incen-
diary assemblies. That is the great, the funda-
mental principle which regulates our Government
in all its forms. The people establish what Gov-
ernment they choose. Squattersovereignty is the
right of a few to go into the Territories and exer-
cise in their infancy the powers and privileges of
full-grown maturity.
Mr. LEITER. Who is the father of that doc-
trine ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. lie was no con-
servative man. The Territories possess no power
except that which the Federal Government itself
possesses. Itis qualified m character, and limited
m extent; but it recognizes the will of the people
when exercised in conformity to law, and in no
other case.
1 claim that the Cincinnati platform has been
respected by the Democratic party, and by the
chief head of that party. What have they done ?
What ftauds have they perpetrated? They sub-
mitted to the people of Kansas the propriety of
calling a convention; and the people, by a vote
which cannot be impeached, determined that they
would have a convention. That convention was
accordingly called. Delegates were elected, and
they met in convention to perform their duties.
What were those duties ? To frame a constitution
and submit it or not to the people. Mind you,
the people were acting through their representa-
tives. Do not we represent the people ? Are not
our nets binding upon the people? Do not the
people speak when wc speak ? Facitper alium,facit
per se.
Those delegates assembled, and they had the
right to form a constitution; and, in the absence
of all legal requirements to the contrary—and it
is not pretended that there were any—to adopt a
constitution in toto or in part, and to submit it in
toto or in part.
Mi. LEITER. Did not Governor Walker de-
sire them to submit it under the instructions of
the President?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; Walker, in
■ my opinion, was a meddling man, out in Kansas,
I and did a great deal of mischief. The President's
j instructions to Walker, as the gentleman has
j shown, were to protect and sustain the legal voters
i and to resist and punish illegal ones. So say I.
| And that was what he ought to have done; and
! having done that, he would have acted up to the
i limit of lus power and authority. But he did not
■ atop there. He had ulterior views. He made
himself active in shooting from his sphere, and
j disturbing the repose of that Territory. 1 take
I the ground, then, which the President took in his
| instructions. How have they been disregarded?
I What voter was withheld from the polls who did
not choose to stay away? The election came
round, but did the revolutionists stop there? No,
they meant to have nothing to do with the organ-
ization of the government under the constitution.
I Who voted, then? Was not the proclamation to
| all to come in and vote? and who have the right,
in questions of this sort, but those who speak
through the ballot-boxes ?
Gentlemen talk about the election of a free-State
Legislature and Governor. Is it not remarkable,
if it be true as charged, that there was a disposi-
tion to commit frauds, that they were not cheated
out of the returns on those officers. But the Jan-
i uary election comes on, and ten thousand good
i voters, says the gentleman, spoke their voice,
| instead of the insignificant number of two thou-
i sand five hundred, who voted in October. I would
j like to know how the gentleman finds out that
1 they were good voters. Where there is no contest,
; and a disposition to make a grand show, I think
j it likely that almost everybody went to the polls,
; and no questions were asked. But there is evi-
dence which marks the character of that vote.
