434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
in Texas, in New Mexico, in Arizona, in Wash-
ington, in California, in Oregon, the wide extent
of your frontier requires a very large increase of
the Army, to give protection to the inhabitants,
whom, by your laws and policy, you have in-
duced to emigrate to, and settle in, those regions.
Besides this, there are your emigrant routes,
on which you have expended millions of dollars
for the use of the people going from your Atlantic
to your Pacific possessions. Are not the wagon-
roads that you have prepared, inviting emigrants,
to be protected ? Is there to be no protection given
to your emigrants who go from this part of the
country to the Pacific coast? You have recently
established an overland mail route across the con-
tinent. Is no protection to be given by the estab-
lishment of a line of military posts along that
route, to the mails which you send, to the serv-
ants that drive them, and to the passengers that
go m those coaches and wagons ? Even this is
a requisite which calls loudly on the Government
for the establishment of military posts, and the
stationing of troops, along the line of emigration.
When you take into considcratian all these va-
rious demands of the Government, I think the
army which you have in the field at, present is
by no means commensurate with the demands of
the Government. Let us look at tne present con-
dition of the Army, and see what i t would be with
the proposed increase which this bill establishes.
I think when the analysis is made, much of the
apprehension which gentlemen have about the
danger of a large standing Army must be dissi-
pated. You have now one hundred and ninety-
eight companies, and we propose to add thirty
companies—making two hundred and twenty-
eight. That is all the increase. To be sure there
is some small increase in the number of officers
—ninety company officers—and a small increase
of the medical staff, as proposed, but that is all.
There may be a few dozen musicians and non-
commissioned officers attached, but that is a very
immaterial point. We shall then have two hun-
dred and twenty-eight companies, which at the
ultimate amount of ninety-six, the maximum
number authorized by this bill, would give your
Army twenty-one thousand eight hundred and
eighty-eight men. Thatwould be the entire force,
with every company filled up to ninety-six men.
Hut, sir, any one who is familiar with the condi-
tion of the Army, must know that there never are
more than two thirds of the aggregate number in
the companies on the average. During the Mex-
ican war, when the maximum number was one
hundred men, there never was a battle fought by
the American troops in which there were more
than thirty-seven men in each company who went
into an engagement That, I understand, is well
ascertained to have been about the average num-
ber that went into all the engagements with the
Mexicans. When the maximum was one hun-
dred, the average number of available men in the
company was only thirty-seven; and now with a
maximum of ninety-six, how many do you sup-
pose these companies will always have? They
will never have more than two thirds of that num-
ber.
Let me give you an instance to show how this
operates: The first regiment of cavalry was or-
ganized about two years ago. Their headquar-
ters were at Leavenworth. The number of com-
panies was filled up by the recruiting officers to
themaximum allowed by law,and they were sent
to theirheadquarters. Inless than twelvemonths,
over four hundred of them had deserted; more
than one half of the whole regiment had deserted,
and the companies were reduced to less than one
half the maximum. That is the condition of a
great many of the regiments. From casualties of
this sort, either desertion, or death, orothercause,
the companies never contain, on an average, more
than two thirds of the maximum number author-
ized by lav/.
Now, let me suppose that the companies will
contain, ordinarily and generally, two thirds of
the maximum number, making sixty-two. If the
two hundred and twenty-eight companies have !
sixty-two in each, they would only amount to j
fourteen thousand one hundred and thirty-six j
men. Is that a large standing army to be dreaded ?
Is that too much of a military force to be used in
this wide extent of country, where so many de-
mands are made on the Government for protec-
tion? Even in Texas, at the present time, when i
you have two regiments of regular troops sta-
tioned there, the Legislature has called, by a
formal application, on the Congress of the United
States to authorize that State to raise a regiment
of volunteers for the protection of their frontier
people. That application has been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and sent to the
War Department for its opinion on its propriety.
Even now, in the present condition of things, the
people of Texas are calling for additional protec-
tion from the Government, and so they call every-
where.
But if this force be reduced to the peace estab-
lishment of fifty-two after the exigency of the
Mormon difficulty is out of the way, with fifty-
two men in each company, that being the regu-
lation according to the peace establishment, the
Army would consist of only eleven thousand eight
hundred and fifty-six men. 1 do not, of course,
include the officers; I speak only of the rank and
file. That is the mighty army which has created
so much apprehension in the minds of gentlemen
as to endanger public liberty—eleven thousand
eight hundred and fifty-six men!
These are my opinions, Mr. President, in rela-
tion to the necessity of an increased force. But
it lias been objected by gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber that the Army ought not to
be increased, and nothing should be added to it,
no matter in what circumstances the country may
find itself, because the expenses of the Army are
of such an enormous character. The Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] yesterday told
us that some years ago the expense of a soldier
was so much, and that now it is one thousand or
fifteen hundred dollars a year. That reminds me
very much of an argument which I heard used by
the Whigs in 1840, when they were objecting to
Mr. Van Buren's reelection. They told the peo-
ple then that in former times the expenses of the
Government did not exceed ten or twelve million
of dollars a year; but now, under Mr. Van Buren,
it was spending $27,000,000. What a contrast!
How extravagant was Mr. Van Buren's admin-
istration ! It had spent $27,000,000, when the
Government had, in former years, got along with
at least one third of the amount! Because the
expenses of the Army twenty years ago were
$5,000,000 a year, the Senator from New Hamp-
shire predicates the argument that the expenses
of the Army now ought not to be fifteen or
twenty million dollars! Does not the gentle-
man understand that this country is advancing
in population, advancing in area, advancing in
everything which requires expense? Is it an argu-
ment against the existence of an Army now which
the country demands and requires to be kept in
the field, that fifteen or twenty million dollars
are expended annually when ten, or fifteen, or
twenty years ago an Army of four or five thousand
men was all that was necessary, and their expense
was much smaller? To say nothing of the in-
creased number of your Army, the expense of
everything has increased which the exigencies
of the country demands. The expense of main-
taining the Army is much greater per man than
it was fifteen or twenty years ago.
Upon what principle did the Senator from New
Hampshire vote at the last session to increase his
own pay and mine to $3,000 a year, instead of
eight dollars a day which had been established in
1817? In 1817, the expense of living in the city
of Washington was not more than one dollar and
twenty-five cents a day. I remember when I was
here, in 1830, I stopped at Brown's hotel, which
was as good then as it is no w, and paid one dollar
and" twenty-five cents a day; but now you cannot
stay therefor less than two dollars and fifty cents
a day. Such has been the increase everywhere
i all over the United States in Lhe expense of main-
j taining human life—the expense of transporta-
i tion, the expense of provision, the expense of
j everything which is attendant on the operations
; of the Army in all its various branches. Is it an
argument in favor of disbanding the Army, that
it costs more than it did some years ago ? I ask
the Senator to take back his vote which was based
on the principle that the expenses of members of
Congress have so accumulated in this city that
it became necessary to increase our pay, if he
makes that argument applicable to the expenses
of the Army.
But the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Fos-
ter] yesterday objected to the increase of the
Army, and, indeed, to the very existence of the
Army, because, he said, Indian difficulties arid
wars had been created by the Army of the United
States, and not by the frontier settlers. He says
that, wherever you send a body of troops and
make a fortification or post in the Indian coun-
try, difficulties occur, and it is the presence of the
troops that produces the difficulty. I ask that Sen-
ator to point out the instance in which troops of
the United States have been sent in advance of
the settlements of the people. I deny it. I say
that, in no instance, has the Government ever
established a fortification in the Indian country
in advance of the settlements your people have
made. These troops are sent, and these military
posts are established after the settlements are
made, and for the protection of the settlements.
Is it not right that that should be done ? What
doctrine is that which would leave your frontier
settlements open to the incursion of hostile sav-
ages ? It is true, posts have been establjshed on
the emigrantroute where there are no settlements,
but the reason is the same. They are intended
for the protection of your emigrants who go from
this part of the country to the Pacific coast. There
is no instance in the history of our military oper-
ations in which the Government has established
military posts, and sent your troops into Indian
nations where we have no white settlement to
protect.
The Senator is mistaken as to the operation of
these causes. The difficulty with the Indians has
been that your people are ever ready to seize upon
vacant land. Their peculiar idiosyncracy is to
seize upon lands which do not belong to them,
and they are always like the seas, not content
with what they have,but would stretch their arms
to grasp in all the shore. It is this lawless sort
of emigration which characterizes the people of
the northern States more than that section from
which I come, that has produced all these diffi-
culties with the Indians, and Indian wars. The
Government has only used the Army of the Uni-
ted States in the establishment of posts for the
protection of the emigrants who have gone into
these new countries; and in that the Government
has done right.
But, sir, it is objected by the Senator from New
Hampshire, and others on the other side of the
Chamber, that this increase must not be made; in-
deed they argue as if the Army ought to be dis-
banded, because they say a portion of the Army
has been used in Kansas to illustrate popular sov-
ereignty. A portion of the Army has been used
in Kansas; and therefore, because it has been used
in Kansas to accomplish particular ends, the Army
ought not to be increased, but ought to be dis-
banded ! Yes, sir, a portion of the Army has
been used in Kansas; but for what purpose ? Ac-
cording to my reading of the circumstances and
history of the times, that Army has been em-
ployed for the purpose of keeping the peace in
Kansas. It lifts been put there, not to control
popular sentiment, not to control the elections of
the people, not to put down popular sovereignty,
not to set up the minority against the majority of
the people; but it has been put there for the pur-
pose ofkeepingthe peace, of executing the laws—
laws which were recognized by every branch of
this Governmentas valid and constitutional. The
use of Army has been a matter of necessity in
Kansas. It was not only necessary, but proper,
that troops should be employed there for the pur-
pose of protecting the people in the enjoyment of
their rights.
Gentlemen seem to express regret that any por-
tion of the troops of the United States were em-
ployed in Kansas. Sir, they are not singular in
their regrets. I too regret that there ever was a
solitary soldier sent into Kansas. If it had not
been that the Army of the United States was sent
to Kansas, the question which lias agitated the
public mind and distracted the country would have
been long since settled. If it had not been for the
interposition of the troops in Kansas, there would
not to-day have been an Abolitionist to desecrate
and disgrace the soil of Kansas; no, sir, not one
of them would have been left to tell the story of
his existence. If it had not been for the troops
in Kansas and the interference of the Governor
of that Territory with the troops as a posse comi-
tatus, Lawrence, that sink of folly, filth, and false-
hood, would long since have been lazed to the
ground, and there would not have been a stone
