1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7.
waiter right, I should like to do so, as soon as I
get the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. I want the name; it does
not take Jong; to refer to that.
3\fr. LOVE.TOY. I am responsible for all that
J stated here.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, Mr. Chairman, since
this controversy was begun, and since these im-
putations have been made on the Secretary of
War, General Jesup, whom the gentleman from
Illinois has referred to, has reported to this House;
and that report, I tell the gentleman very respect-
fully, does not confirm what he says he is respons-
ible for, or else 1 have misunderstood his speech.
Now, when these contracts come in, what are
they? Has the Government been plundered? Has
the Secretary of War had anything to do with
these contracts, individually? Has he done any-
thing more than give them his approval, under
the law of Congress which is laid down to him
as a guide for his course? Look at the act of ]820,
and see what the duty of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral is, and what the duty of the Secretary of War
is, under particular circumstances. Section six
provides:
" That no contiact shall hereafter bo made by the Secre-
tary of State oi of the Tieatsury, or of the Department of
War or of the Navy, except under a law amhoiizinsr the
&atnc, or under an appropuation adequate to fulfillment;
nnrt excepting, al*o, contiacts toi the subsistence and cloth-
ing of thoAimy and Navy, and contracts in the (juniter-
master's clep'mrnent, winch may be made by the Secreta-
uot? of those Department.*;.'5
There is the law. I appeal to this House, after
all that has been said, whether the Secretary of
War does not stand here, by the papers, vindi-
cated before the House nnd country in having
conformed his action to this law of the land?
When these contracts come here, is there any
evidence furnished by them that the Government
has been plundered,or thatanybody has rewaid-
ed lum, or the quartermaster, or any other per-
son connected with the War Department, for the
purpose of procuung them?
So fai as one of ihe.so contractors is concerned,
wo find that the contract would have bankrupted
the parties who made it. The Secretary of War
released them from it, and sent out his quarter-
master to make the necessary purchases for the
Army. And, sir, every man who knows anything
about it knows that, at the pnci s theie proponed
to be paid for this article of beef, the contractor
could not hope to make a profit, but must have
subjected himself to very great loss. 1 take it
that it is the same with regard to the article of
horses, fifteen hundred of which are ordered to be
purchased by the quartermaster, and delivered
at Port Leavenworth. These horses must be of
a particular description—must come up to the re-
quired standard ; and the dealer must run the risk
of transportation by steamboat and otherwise till
they are delivered at the point specified m the
contract. There they must be inspected; and the
dealer runs the risk of the lejeetion of more or
less of them; and he is only to be paid $159 for
those that aie icjeoted.
But the gentleman from Illinois says that this
is a monstrous price, and that you can buy such
horses at seventy-five or one hundred dolluts at
the outside. Now let me say to him that 1 have
a friend here in the House who is willing to give
to him the benefit of just such a contract; so that,
if the gentleman is willing to take the contract,
there will be a proposition, before this bill will be
disposed of, to contract with the gentleman fiom
Illinois, or with any other responsible person, to
furnish such horses as the Government may want
at $100 per head. Now we will see whether the
gentleman from Illinois will come up and stand
to that contract.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope you will give me as
good a price as the other contractors—$159.
Mr. LETCHER. Is the gentleman going to
back out ? lie does not mean to tell us that these
horses are not worth $100, and then back out
w.hen he is offered a contract at that price.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did not say that L would
back out. But I say that it is fair I should gut
the contract at as good a pnee as the others.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes; but you say that rate
is too high; and vou would not wish to cheat the
Government ? [Laughter.]
JN'ow, let us look at another point in this con-
nection ! Take the other articles embraced in this
contract. Here js cider-vinegar, first quality, at
four and three quarter cents per gallon. Is that
a plundering contract? Is refined white sugar at
nine and a half cents per pound a plundering con-
tract, delivered at St. Louis? So, I take it, with
the article of sperm candles at twenty-four cents
per pound. You and I, sir, know that we do not
get them furnished for our families at that price,
from our own market, in the city of Richmond.
And yet this contract, thus made, is said to be an
unreasonable and unfair-contract, and imputa-
tions are cast on the Secretary of War in con-
nection with it. Let me tell the gentleman from
Illinois that, no matter who his informant may
be, in operations of this sort the fang of slander
will hurtless break on the adamant of the Secre-
tary 's reputation.
Well, my friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
complained that we did not furnish information
as to what part of these appropriations was an an-
ticipation and what part a deficiency. Now, if the
gentleman^will take the trouble to make an exam-
ination, he will find in Miscellaneous Document
No. 22 that the whole is there stated. He will
find how much of it is anticipated and how much
of it. is for a deficiency. 3f he will go further he
will find explanatory remarks. lie will find some-
thing like the cost of furnishing these supplies to
the Army, as estimated m the quartermaster gen-
eral's department.
But, sir, these gentlemen say that the Secretai y
of War wants patronage. If so, had he not a fine
opportunity to secute that patronage under this
provision of the law, by going into these contracts
and purchasing these supplies, that transportation
might be earned on on Government account5 He
would have been in the market for forty thousand
oxen. He would have been in the market for the
hire of three thousand men. lie would have been
iii the market for everything necessary to clothe
and sustain the troops. And I submit to this
House whether a privilege of this kind would nor.
have been fat moie effective, and far more useful
foi the pui pose of patronage and for his own ad-
vancement, than by the course which he saw fit
to adopt' And suppose he hod done it. Could
he nor have done it under the sanction of the IcnV ?
Would he not have been authorized to do it under
this section'1 I take it that he would.
But sir, my colleague [Mr. Garnett] in his
remarks of yesteulay said, that he desired that
we should come forward and introduce some
measure which should take the power out of the
hands of the Secretary of War now vested in him
under the sixth section of the law of 1820; that he
thought it was too great a power to give to one
man, and he desired to see reform. Well,now, sir,
let us see how that would work: the Army is in
Utah; the appropriations have been exhausted,
Congress will not meet for six months; then la-
bois are done; the Army is ready to go home—
but in order to get home, the Secretary of War
must furnish supplies. How, in a case of that sot t,
could you secure th*e return of the Army if tins
law were repealed? They could not make a con-
tract.; they could not take a single step to secure
the means necessary to bring the troops home, or
to transfer them to any other post where their
services might be needed. 1 take it that the Gov-
ernment would be in a very bad condition, and
that it would be not a longtime before the Army
would go to pieces. No such law as my colleague
desires to see pass would serve the necessities of
the Government undersuch circumstances. I say,
t lien, that so far as that law is concerned I regard
itas a wise law, and not only shall I not introduce
a proposition forits repeal, but I shall vote against
: j any such proposition introduced by others. And
1 how came that law upon our statute-book. I find,
■ j by going back to the debates at the time this bill
ij was prepared, that it was prepared originally
■; without the provision being inserted which vests
in the Secretary of War thepower of making these
, contracts under the contingencies which have been
1 mentioned. On the suggestion of Mr. Williams,
i1 who had been engaged in the military service of
:; the country, this provision was inserted upon the
same ground which I have stated to-day. The
'' necessity for it, was such that it was introduced
-! without opposition, and I think it is wise in us to
jj allow it to remain there.
jj But, sir, I am not much surprised that gentle-
ij men on the other side of the House should go
]i against this bill. I know that some of them arc
' not particularly partial to armies, in any way, of
late years. It has not been long since these gen-
tlemen defeated the regular appropriation bill for
the Army, under the Pierce administration; but
when they found that unless the Army was pro-
vided for, it would have to be disbanded, at the
extra session they came back and surrendered
gracefully.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon.
Mr. LETCHER. How did the bill pass, then?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. By calling in your
absentees.
Mr. LETCHER. I think, if you will exam-
ine the record, you will find that some of the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House changed
their votes.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Not a man changed.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, as I understand,
some gentlemen on the other side of the House
deserved creditfor having come in to the relief of
the Army.
Mr. STANTON. Name one of them.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 mention Mr. Mattesox,
of New York, for one.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Any others?
Mr. LETCHER. He is one, and I think I
have heard of others. Well, now, sir, other mem-
bers of the House object to this bill upon the
ground that the money may, after all, not be used
for the Utah expedition, and they would not vest
in the President the power to use it there. They
objected to the Army being used for the purpose of
keeping the peace jm Kansas, and now they object
to its being used for suppressing outrages against
the laws of the land. Sir, these gentlemen, many
of them, have indorsed, by their votes in this
House, the policy of the President in respect to
Utah, who now say they will not allow the Army
to go there. If these gentlemen do not intend to
allow the President to carry out the policy he has
marked out in reference to that Territory, why
have they not before introduced a resolution direct-
ing the Piesidont to withdraw the army therefrom,
and allow Brigham Young to have full possession
of the Territory ?
Now, sir, so far as I am concerned, I will not
only vote for, but I will advocate the sending to
Utah, a sufficient force to secure submission upon
the part of these people to the legal authority of
the country; and I have no sickly sympathy at
all about what the army shall do when it gets
there, if they do not submit. If they do not sub-
mit, I would do with them as Napoleon did with
the mobs of Paris,' direct the troops to fire bo.ll-
cartrid2es first, and blank cartridges afterwards.
I would bring them to terms, and I would make
them submit to the laws of the land. I hold that
this Government is in honor bound to bring thorn
to terms.
Mr. BURROUGHS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. LETCIiER. No, sir; I cannot. If you
will give me two or three hours you may ask me
as many questions as you please.
I wish, in the few minutes I have left, to allude
to another matter, which has been a good deal
harped upon in the course of this debate, and that
is the third section of the bill. Now, so far as
that section, and the purpose for which it is pro-
posed to appropriate the money under it, is con-
cerned, I voted, I believe, against every solitary
proposition covered by that section. I "have usu-
ally voted against every proposition, as gentlemen
know; but the House of Representatives chose to
vote the money, to be paid out of the contingent
fund. Did the House have a right to do it5 If
they did not have the right to do it, is it not most
remarkable that the same thing should have been
done for the last twelve years; and that during all
that time, up to the incoming of Governor Cobb,
it should have been recognized by the officers of
the Government as legal? I say, is it not iemark-
able that objection should be taken now ? When
this extra compensation has been voted here-
tofore, where did the money come from to pay it?
It must have been appropriated in some way to
pay it, and where did it come from? Spme ap-
propriation bill placed it under the control of the
contingent fund of the House. If there was no
power to pay it out of the contingent fund, why
was it not stopped ? Why was it allowed to go
on year after year.''
But my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Joxxs]
says that under that law of 1854 they had no au-
