THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1858.
New Series. .. .No. 160.
not exclude it. I know it may be said if it be
adopted it will go as an amendment to the bill;
but that just depends upon the action of the Sen-
ate; and ought not the Senate to have the power
to control this thing?
In the absence of all rule, every man would
have the"right to move anything he pleased; but
we have rules; we choose to go by rules for the
purpose of expediting business, and to protect
rights; but when a rule is in derogation of indi-
vidual rights, and in derogation of Stale rights, it
ought to be construed in the most strict possible >
manner. Construe this rule in the most strict pos- |
sible manner, and it will say, if you move the j
amendment to the bill, the rule says you shall not j
do it unless authorized by a committee, or you j
have estimates from the Department: if you move j
it to an amendment, the rule says nothing at alt (
about it—not one word about it. You may say i
the reason of it applies. That is none of your !
business, sir. I say the whole rule is in deroga- !
tion of my right. You say the reason of the rule i
applies in one case as well as m the other I say [
the reason of the rule is none of your business, i
and when you undertake to legislate, you are
doin^ what does not properly belong to yon as s
Presiding Officer of this body. The rule itself
simply says you shall not move it to the bill, i
Nobody has moved it to the bill. If the Senate
orders it as an amendment to what a committee
has proposed; the Senate has dune it, and not the
individual, cind it will never bo proposed to the
Senate unless the Senate first indorses it as an
amendment to the amendment; and the rule tech-
nically construed does not exclude it.
I think that if all these appropriations are to be
considered, Jefferson City is entitled to as much
consideration as other places, and the public busi-
ness of the courts and the post office of Trenton,
m the State of New Jersey, is entitled to as much
consideration as others. All of them appeal to
the Senate, not to an individual. If the Senate
does not indorse, they fail; but your technical rule,
wrong" as it is, arbitrary as it is, does not, strictly
constiued, exclude this amendment. I plant my-
self upon that position, for the rule says you shall
not move it to the bill. This is not moved to the
bill; u is moved to the amendment.
Now, if the lule be technical; if the rule be in
derogation of an inalienable right; ll the rule be
wron^ m itself—how dare you say that the rea-
son of the rule will apply as well in the one case
as in the other? I say it is wrong. The rule does
not say so; and if you assume the light to say
that tlie leason of the rule applies an well in one
case as in the other, you are assuming to your-
self a right that does not belong to the Presiding
Oificer ot tins body. It is not the law. The tech-
nical law is a harsh law; and yet that technical
law does not exclude the amendment. 1 insist
upon the right of permitting the Senate to pass
upon the question whether they will put in Jef-
ferson City and Trenton, or whether they will
permit Jefferson City and Trenton to be passed
ovei, and injustice to be done to them.
Mr. PCJGtl. Let us hear that rale road again,
as the Senator thinks it is not applicable to tins
case.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
<• No nmemini'uu piopoMns: additional appiopriation -hall
be itcojved to auv npmopiKUiuii in'i, unlo-oit be muuo to
cam out un* piovuioii.- ot f-onio '•M-nii'; huv, or --..oni'' ru't
or to-ohuion previously d !>v the ^euaie dunaii thai
sesMun, oi moved by dueotie.a of <i 01 select corn-
nnnce ot the Scnmc, os m pui--u<uiee oi an ebtnn.ife uoia
the isead of some oi tlie Depauni-nt- '*
Ml-. BROWN. I want to say, m a single word,
that tins is simply an attempt to perfect the
amendment reported by the sending committee
before it pusses—ihut is the point. The amend-
ment is here; this is a proposition to perfect it;
and 1 insist that it'the Senate refuses that n^ht to
individual Senatois, then the whole right of legis-
lation is at an <.nd; and the position of individ-
ual Senators is utterly absorbed, blotted oat, de-
stroyed, l>y the acuoi'i of your lules. Am I to be
told that I can move to diminish an appropriation,
aizd cannot move to increase it; that I can add
160
nothing to the proposition, under the rule, as con-
strued by the Chair, because it interferes with tho
action of a standing committee; that we must take
propositions precisely as they come from commit-
tees, or not take them at all? I have said be-
fore, I never insisted that I had a right, as an in-
dividual Senator, to mov^ one of these appropri- ]
ations; but since the proposition is here, I have [
the right to perfect it, by moving to amend it, and. s
to amend it by any sort of proposition germane !
to the thing itself which I choose to move. The ;
Senate may vote down my amendment; but to say ,
that I have not the right to perfect the proposition j
bymyown motion, before railed upon to vote for :
it, is utterly to ignore my position as a Senator, ;
and I say that cannot be done. j
Mr. P'UGM. As the Senator from Missouri :
and the Senator from Mississippi seem disposed i
to press the question, I am bound to say that I !
am amazed that any gentleman in this Senate ;
Chamber should presume to think that there was .
a doubt about the rule. What is the object of ;
the rule 5 ;
Mr. BROWN. What it says. I
Mr. PUGIL Is it to invest the standingeom- ,
mittees with any power? Itisto inquire dehb- j
oration; it is to prevent this very thing. I do not !
say that Jefferson City is not a pi-sper place for
, these buildings; but why is it sjuung upon the 1
i Senate now? We have never he ird anything 1
, about it. We have none of tlv safe^uaids that
i tho Senate has sought to piovidc, ;nul the object
; of tho rule is, that those oases which have gone to
: a committee, and been examined and found proper,
' shall not be defeated by loading them down m the
j Senate with appropriations which nobody has
' considered. That is the whole of it.
The Senator talks about perfecting the amend-
ment. He means defeating it. I acknowledge
you can move to reduce the appropriation; no-
body denies that. You can move to i educe it, but
j you cannot move to increase it. Thatisthe safe-
. guard against these amendments. The committee
i on Saturday reported on appropriation for a cus- 1
j tom-house m one place; and can I, as an individ- 1
| ual Senator, taek on every town in the United ;
I States ? Why, su\ I would keep yon here from 1
| the 1st day of January to the last day of December ,
| debating one appropriation hill under such a rule ,
| as that; but I do not care whether the Senate de- j
| cide this amendment to be in order or our of order; >
j J want a n-coi d of it. If the Senator chums a nsht 1
! individually to add amendments without tlie con- I
j siderauon o-fa committee, I want tluU ughi myself ,
l m the future. 1 am not opposed to these appro- i
[ priations. They may be proper, but they have ;
I not been considered. I
• iVir. GRIOIsN. When the Senator from Ohio
i says the object of the law means so and so, he 1
admits that the letter of the rule does not accom- |
: plisli it. |
j Mr. PUG1I. 1 beg the Senator's pardon; the
lcttei of the iuIo is as much against him, I think, '
, as the renson. j.
! Mr. GREEN. If the letter was, why appeal to l:
1 the object? Now I have_ahvays thought when
: I have piacticed before justices of tho peace—and
i I have had a little practice there—that one jroud 1
' reason was always enough, and my old preceptor
I at law told me, when you have one good reason,
; stand upon that and take no other. Ho says the
i objectof the law is todo thus and so. llowdoeshe
j know the object, exceptfrom the language ? How
! daie lie infer the objcct, except from the langunjr^J
. I have as much right to prescribe the object as he
has, and every other man ho^, but yet he assumes
' to know the whole object of the law. I think 1
know the object, and 1 think that object is this:
when the bill is pending, an arbitral y and h.irsh
' unfeehng rule has been instituted, which says no
. member shall propose an amenunK nt unless amt
' amendment has been authorized by a comni.rtc",
' or the estimates have been made by the head of
a Department. That rale is m d rogation of a
constitutional right. I might stop heu\ ..nJ a>k
1 where is the power fD take away ray rons'itu-
■ tional rights as one of the representatives ef a
State? You can only answer it by saying each
House shall regulate its own proceedings, and in
theprocess of regulation it has adopted this rule.
This rule is an arbitrary rule; it is a harsh rale;
it is an unfair rule. It gives to old members, who
have happened to have been here some six, eight,
or ten years, time enough to become chairmen of
committees, power superior to that which is pos-
sessed by young membeis, who must always gu
to the foot and *k spell up;" while those young
members may represent a State as much entitled
to rights as any others. When your rule is thus
harsh, thus unconstitutional, thus in derogation
of rights, if I can by any fair process avoid it, I
will do it. Does the rule say that 1 shall not pro-
pose an amendment to an amendment? 1 pause
for a reply. I ask the Senatorfrom Ohio, does it
say it?
Mr. PUGH. Practically, it docs.
Mr. GREEN. Practically! What docs it say?'
Quien sabe ?
Mr. PUGH. I had it read once for the Sena-
tor's information.
Mr. GREEN. You have it read, but you do
not say it. I am insisting upon my original rights;
and when 1 say no iuIo of the Senate docs, ter-
mini, take away these original rights, as it would
be a harsh construction of the rule, I intend to
stand by them; and when he appeals to the ob-
ject and spirit of the rule, it is an admission that
the wordsof the, rule do not exeludeit. This if? my
position, and I intend to stand by it. Itisharsh,
it is unfair, it is in derogation of ordinary con-
stitutional rights; and it can subserve no public
benefit. Do you suppose, Mr. President, that
any proposition will be made Jiere and deceive the
Senate if you cannot deceive a committee—mis-
lead the Senate, if you could not mislead the com-
mittee—bamboozle the Senate, if you could not
bamboozle a committee? I ha\e no fear of it.
I believe that there is as much virtue in tho Son-
ate, and a little moio so, because the members are
increased, than there is in a committee. 1 believe
there is as much intelligence, and 1 think a little
more, in the Senate, than in any committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Cluesiion, ques-
tion ! „
Mr. GREEN. I hear a Senator say 4( ques-
tion." That is just what I am on. I am on the
question, and J intend to discuss the question,
and I think I am discussing the question. If the
Senator thinks I am not, lie can call me to order.
But for him, illegally ami in violation of the pro-
prieties of the Senate, to call " question," when
I am discussing the question, is what 1 do not
intend to submit to. When no man is addressing
you, Mr. President, and there is an anxiety upon
the part of the Senate to have a vote, I am pleased
to hear Senators call 45 question;" but when there
is an implied dissatisfaction, when a man is on
the floor, and talking pertinently to the question,
to say " question,'' is unpleasant. 1 do feel hurt,
and 1 do not intend to take it tamely.
Mr. CLAY. Tho Senator need not be address-
] ing himself to me. 1 did not call "question."
i Put, Sli 
| Mr. GREEN. Then I do not know who did it.
| Mr. CLAY. Put, Mr. Pivsid- nt, 1 do not think
j the Senator need exhibit so much feeling that we
! should be impatient at this hour of the evening.
: Mr GREEN. I think not either.
S Mr. CLAY. The Senator has addressed him-
; Self to mo.
! Air. GREEN I did, because I believed you to
| say " question."
! Air. CLAY. I did not.
; Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. Piesident,
, I said it
.M'\ UIlEKJf. The Senator from Arkansas
Si'Itl H. , ,
Air. JOHNSON, vf Arkansas. But I do not
kri'fw .<i' any paitK'ular  
.Mr. OllEKN. Take your seat, sir. I have the
"°Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well, sir:
I yieid to you.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair calis
