1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
left to tell the story of its existence. Its history
would have been written in two words—" Law-
rence was."
Sir, the troops in Kansas have been kept there
for the purpose of preserving the order, peace,
and dignity of society and of the Government.
That is the object for which the troops have been
employed and none other. They, it is true, have
kept down the marauding cut-throat bands of Jim
Lane—a set of Abolitionists, a band of lawless
ruffians. Talk of Missouri border-ruffians ! But
if there be aband of ruffians more despicable than
any others on the face of the wide earth, in my
estimation, it was the band of Jim Lane and his
followers. Why, sir, if you could rake the in-
fernal regions from the center to the circumfer-
ence and from the surface to the bottom, you
could not fish up such a mass of infamous cor-
ruption as exists in some portions of Kansas.
Troops have been necessarily employed there for
the purpose of suppressing violations of the law.
It was the duty of the President to vindicate
the laws. It was his sworn duty to execute the
laws in Kansas. It was his constitutional obli-
gation to keep the peace, if he could do it by the
employment of troops. He has done nothing
more than his duty. I vindicate his motives. I
approve what he has done. I believe the peace
in Kansas has been preserved by the employment
of troops there, and I am satisfied that, but for
the presence of the troops employed by the Pres-
ident in Kansas, the soil of Kansas would have
been drenched with the blood of its people, and
the civil war commenced there would, in all prob-
ability, have extended beyond its borders, and
involved this Union in destruction. That is my
opinion, and I will say here, what may fall, per-
haps, with some jarring on the tender sensibili-
ties of some gentlemen, that if these two results
had happened, if every Abolitionist had been
driven out of Kansas, and this Union, by the op-
eration of that cause, had been dissolved, I should
not have much regretted the first, nor shed many
tears over the latter.
But, Mr. President, Senators object to the in-
crease of the Army because they say it has been
used here, in the city of Washington, to control
and regulate elections. The Army was not used,
it was a portion of the marine corps, and it has
been used in Boston to enforce the fugitive slave
law. The Army is to be disbanded because the
marine corps has been employed by the President
upon a certain exigency, to put down a lawless
mob in the streets of Washington—a mob insti-
gated and incited by a set of ruffians from a neigh-
boring city, who came here to control the elec-
tions of the people of this place ! A portion of
the Army has been used in Boston to execute the
fugitive slave law, to vindicate the rights of par-
ties under the Constitution of your country, and
therefore the Army is a dangerous institution and
is to be put down!
I wonder, sir, that among the instances which
the gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber
brought against the use of the Army, they did
not recur to one which has not long since passed,
and is familiar, probably, to all those who hear
me. I wonder that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, the Senator from Maine, and others, did
not recur to the Dornte troubles in Rhode Island.
If I understand the history of that transaction,
the people of Rhode Island, vindicating the doc-
trine of popularlsovereignty, desired to get rid of
an odious government. When I say the people,
I mean a majority of the people of Rhode Island.
They desired to get rid of an old, arbitrary, des-
potic government which was grinding them down.
They called a convention, formed a constitution,
and attempted to put it in operation. The Army
of the United States was called into requisition by
the existing powers of the General Government,
to put down this popular sovereignty in Rhode
Island, and it was put down. That was all right,
according to the doctrines of gentlemen on the
other side. They had no objection to using the
Army to put down popular sovereignty in Rhode
Island, when that act was to vindicate their partic-
ular party; we heard of no objection then to the use
of the Army; it was all right then. But when the
President calls out a few marines in Washington to
put down a lawless mob from a sister city, which
attempted to control the elections, that isall wrong,
and it amounts to a high crime and misdemeanor
in the President, sufficient to authorize the dis-
band ment of the Army and marine corps! That
I is the sort of doctrine which the gentleman sug-
! gestsas a foundation for an argument against this
necessary increase of your Army; but these con-
siderations ought to have no influence, and I trust
will have no influence, on the question before the
Senate.
It is a matter of no consequence whether the
power given to the President over the Army has
heretofore been abused or not. It may be abused
again; it may have been abused heretofore; but
is that an argument why we should not have an
Army necessary for the public service ? Because
the President has abused his power heretofore,
and may hereafter do it, is that an argument why
you should not increase your Army to such an
extent as to protect your people, and to vindicate
tlie laws in Utah and to crush a rebellion that ex-
ists in that Territoiy ? I think not.
Apart from all these considerations, if the ex-
igency of the public service, if the demands of
your people, if the vindication of the dignity and
honor of the Government, if the putting down of
a rebellion which exists now, and which puts at
defiance your authority—if all these are neces-
sary for the increase of your Army, I say that [
am ready to vote for such an increase. I cannot
see that it can be done in a more economical or
more ready way than that suggested by the bill
now before the Senate, and therefore I shall give
it my vote.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I did not in-
tend to participate in this debate, and certainly I
never expected to be drawn into any discussion
upon the affairs of Kansas in connection with a
bill for raising additional troops. I am one of those
who in addressing the Senate generally go, or at-
tempt to go, directly to the object which I have
in view. I heard the Senator from Mississippi
yesterday deprecate with gieat force the intro-
duction into this debate of the Kansas question.
When I deprecate the introduction of any topic
of discussion into the Senate, and want to sup-
press it, I generally stop speaking on it. I think
that is the most effectual way of stopping it. I
thought that was an improper matter to be brought
into this debate, any further than to illustrate cer-
tain positions which were taken by members on
this side of the Chamber, and I do not intend to
say anything about it. But, sir, allusion has been
made to my own State, and it is that which has
called me up. I know the Senator from Georgia
meant no sort of reflection upon Rhode Island.
Mr. IVERSON. Not at all.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe that Senator will
hardly disagree with me now about the Dorr busi-
ness. That, I believe, was about the first ques-
tion on which I had to talk when I camc into the
Senate, and I have not altered my mind about
Dorrism from that day to this. I tell the Senator
from Georgia that he does not know one of the
facts that took place there. The Army of the
United States was never called to go into Rhode
Island at that time, and did not go there.
Mr. I VERSO N\ I did not say the Army was
employed there. I know the Army did not go
there; but a call was made on the Executive, as
I understand, and he responded to the call that he
was ready to send the troops if they were neces-
sarv.
fir. SIMMONS. I admit there were a great
many things done, or attempted to be done, about
that time'. I have not risen to speak as to what
happened here; for I never mean, during the time I
may be in the Senate, to refer to the man who was
thenatthehead of the administration of this Gov-
ernment. I do not mean to call his name, or refer
to him, unless I am forced to do so in order to
explain some fact. I took leave of that man many
years ago. What I felt as a little unkind on the
part of the Senator from Georgia, was his state-
ment that the authorities of Rhode Island called
on this Government to put down the people for
attempting to overturn an odious government, an
odious tyranny there. If the Senator had known
what our government was; if he had read it lately;
(for I do not mean to say that he is not well versed
in history;) if he had known the character of the
institutions under which the people of Rhode
Island lived for two centuries, he would not have
made that remark about their government. I
wish I had here the book of the history of our
State, so that I could read to the Senator from
Georgia the origin of that government. It would
put to shame all these talks about the popular sov-
ereignty that have been introduced here in modern
times. Sir, there never was a democracy estab-
lished on these shores until the people of Rhode
Island established one. It is in black and white
in the book of history, and if I could have time to
go to my lodgings, 1 would get the book and read
it to the gentleman.
Mr. IVERSON. Allow me to put a question
to the Senator. Has not that constitution, which
he lauds so much, been entirely done away with,
and a new constitution formed by tlie people of
Rhode Island ?
Mr. SIMMONS. It has been; and our present
constitution is not quite so good a one as we" had
for two hundred years. That is my notion about
it, though I helped to make it. The force of
public opinion, as it is called, sometimes gets tho
better of men's judgments. Lef me tell the Sen-
ator from Georgia that three months before this
Dorrism began, I, myself, personally introduced
into the Legislature of Rhode Island a resolution
providing for the call of a convention to make a
new constitution, to alter our old form of gov-
ernment, and make a new one better adapted to
the exigencies of the times and the notions of the
people about representation.
Why, sir, when I first took my seat in the Sen-
ate, my right to a seat was actually disputed by
some of these modern sort of Democrats, on the
ground that we had nota republican form of gov-
ernment in Rhode Island. I defended my right
as well as I could in a speech which I made at
that time. I have not seen the speech since; but
it is to be found in the National Intelligencer,
some time about the 18th of May, 1842. I do not
read these speeches over, but I sometimes hear
my children read the comments ou them, for it
gratifies them, not me.
Three months before the first popular meeting
which was called in Rhode Island to get up a new
constitution, tho Legislature of that State passed
a resolution calling a regular convention. For
fear that constitution would be made so as to take
the wind out of the sails of these modern Demo-
crats, they called a mass meeting and roasted an
ox, and got pretty well fitted up in other waysr—
pretty " well to do" in the world. [Laughter.]
That may be a good way to make a constitution in
these times, but we did not think so in Rhode
Island. Mr. Dorr himself was a member of the
legal convention. Here let me say that I have, a
great respect for his memory—he is now dead.
Let me tell the Senator from Georgia that I lost
my seat on this floor for the act of taking him out
of the State prison; and I have been waiting for a
return to this body for ten years, and I intended
to stand it ten years longer, if necessary—not by
quitting my party, but by beating, while acting
with, the same men and the same party I was
in when I was defeated. My notion is, that you
should act with the men with whom you have
acted; stand by your rights; stand by your prin-
ciples, and the people will come to you if you are
not too much in a hurry. I am a patient sort of
aman. Perhaps the Senator from Kentucky will
recollect a speech which I made in the Senate in
executive session some years ago upon a matter
connected with our difficulties in Rhode Island,
on which my then colleague (as worthy a man
as ever lived) and myseiT disagreed; and I re-
member the generous proposition he made to me
—not to call the yeas and nays after that speech,
for fear it would mortify some other person; not
me.
Mr. President, I think this reference to Rhode
Island wasunbecoming—I will notsay itwasun-
kind, because I know the Senator from Georgia,
means no unkindness towards me. So far as our
intercourse has gone, he and I have agreed re-
markably well. We do not talk about politics,
to be sure, but I think we do not disagree very
much even about politics; for I venture to say that
if I could make a proposition to test the sense of
the Senate on the controversy in Rhode Island m
1842,1 could get a stronger vote than we have just
had against the Administration, in which I cer-
tainly voted with regret. I rose simply to illus-
trate this matter to the Senator from Georgia, so
that my right to a seat here should not be called
in question now, after having waited so long,
and after the struggle I had to keep it the first
regular session I was here in 1842. A Senator
from Ohio, three or four days in succession, had
