1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
35th Cong....1st Sf.ss.
Political Organizations—Mr. Leiter.
Senate.
When they took the census upon the tree-State
side, they got the voters to sign a petition to this
Congress to allow Kansas to come in under the
Topeka constitution. It was done at leisure.
Every man was put down who had any claim to
being a voter. It was presented here by the
Delegate from that Territory, and is in these
woids:
"Memoiial of four thousand one hundred and seventy
citizens ot'Kansas, asking that Kansas may be admitted nuo
the Union under the Topeka constitution."
Mr. LEITER. I want to know from the gen-
tleman if he supposes they are ail the voters of
the Territory ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is the census of
the Topekaites, taken by their own party, in their
own way, and I take it for granted it contains all
the voters they have got. It is not to be supposed
they did not swell the number as large as they
could, and yet four thousand ono hundred and
seventy votes are all they have, according to their
own showing.
What argument, then, is to be derived from the
assertion that they have ten thousand voters in
the Territory? Why, sir, the men in buckram of
FaUtafF are no comparison. Here is their own
official testimony, presented by their own Dele-
gate from that Territory.
But now I come to another statement of the
gentleman from Ohio. Sir, I traveled through
several counties in that State last fall, before the
election, and I know the monstrous tales that were
told to excite the people there against the Demo-
cratic party. But, sir, the sober second thought
of that people operated, as it always will in this
country, and you may sec the result by looking
at the majority with which Chase was elected
then, and at the vote he got in this last election.
Mr. LEITER. Governor Chase was not elect-
ed by a majority vote on either occasion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, that makes
no difference. I ask you to look at the vote he
received at the former, and the vote he received
at this last election. Sir, truth will always tri-
umph with the people when they come to reflect;
and you see the mesmeric influence which it has
had there. Well, sir, this being the case, there
is a great outcry raised by many, and you see
here men who have left the Democratic party, men
who are mere political bawds, absolutely calling
us to account for want of patriotism. Why, I
recollect some days ago, when the honorable gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] with
his adroitness, had succeeded in drawing the
Black Republicans into positions which violated
the principles which they professed, and which
they consented to occupy for the purpose of suc-
cess, and after all were defeated, he challenged
any one of them ali to say that they did not vote
with their eyes open for the Montgomery amend-
ment. He repeated his challenge, when a mem-
ber from Ohio[Mr.Sherman] acknowledged that
his party had actcd with their eyes open, but had
not consented so to vote until assured that certain
gentlemen would stand by them to the end. An-
other gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] stated
that he came into the arrangement with extreme
reluctance, and not until he was assured of the
pledge of honor of the Douglas wing of the De-
mocracy to stand by them to the last.
And that was not all. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Washburn] at another time read a
paper, in which was put down what he regarded
as the understanding between the two parties.
It turned out, upon examination, however, that
a great many of the Douglas Democrats had not
gone into the arrangement, and that the Black
Republicans had been sold. And now, in their
spite, in their vexation, this pure, immaculate
party, embracing the gentleman, [Mr. Leiter,]
undertakes to call us to account. "\es, sir, even
he himself, and they, in the vexation of their heait
at having been sold, at having been thwarted in
their political schemes for success—for tliey gave
up their principles to accomplish that, and noth-
ing else—this party, which stands before the world
as political charlatans and tricksters, talks about
calling us to account!
Well, sir, I have no fear of them. This party,
which stands before the country convicted, by
their own confessions, as political bawds, that
party whose only end is to win and rule this
| people, and who strive to accomplish that end by
j means absolutely shocking to the moral sense of
! the people, excites no fear with me.
| Sir, m the mad fanaticism of the North—I will
j not say the gentleman from Ohio is included in
: that mass, but so far as his action is concerned
I it goes to accomplish the same purpose—it is
| notorious that the great heart of the Black Re-
publican party is unfriendly to the continuation
of the Union, unless they can rule it all. They
had rather be the first man in a village than the
second in Rome. They had rather rule m hell
than servein heaven. " Rule or ruin" is the great
doctrine—is the great doctrmc of that obnoxious
party.
Rut, sir, I have already said enough; and will
now conclude by quoting, as applicable and ap-
propriate to the Black Republican party, these
words of the infernal one to his roaring asso-
ciates:
u But of tilis he sure:
To do aught good will ncvoi be our task,
But evei to do ill our &ole delight."
POLITICAL ORGANIZATIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. LEITER,
OF OHIO,
In the House or Representatives,
May 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
btate of the L'nion—
Mr. LEITER said:
Mr. Chairman: My friend from Washington
Territory lias devoted ono hour of the time of this
committee to the discussion of the relations be-
tween the red men and the wlute men on the Pa-
cific coast. 1 think, sir, that gentleman succeeded
in proving, to the satisfaction of every gentleman
present, that the red man is treacherous; that there
is no faith to be put in his pledges arid his prom-
ises—m short, that the red man on the Pacific is
a treacherous hypocrite. Now, sir, in the hour
allotted tome by this committee, I propose to con-
sider other relations than those existing between
red men and white men—other relations than those
existing on the Pacific coast. I propose to con-
sider relations existing between white men of the
North. I propose to consider relations which
political parties of the North bear to each other;
and I think I shall be able to succeed in proving
to this committee that there aie other men than
red men who arc not to be trusted, and who are
treacherous and hypocritical. I propose, in this
hour allotted me, to prove that the leaders of the
Locofoco party are equally treacherous with the
red man of the Pacific coast, and that their pledges
and promises are mere hypocritical pretenses, un-
worthy of the confidence of the people. I do not
propose to include in my remarks the rank and
file of the so-called Democratic party, because, in
myjudgment, they are as much disposed to do
right as any other men of any other party. This
1 know fiom the relations which 1 at one time held
with that party, and my intercourse with them.
Now, sir, I wish it distinctly understood by
this committee that I find no fault with any gen-
tleman who may differ with me in regard to the
great political issues which divide the people of
this country. I say, as a Democrat, that 1 respect
every man, although he may differ with me in
| opinion; and when I see gentlemen from a certain
! section of the country advocate in this [louse
I principles which 1 deem to be antagonistical to
[ good government, 1 have the charity to believe that
; they, coining front the section which they do, are
1 honest in their convictions, and intend to do right.
I They, by education, have been taught to believe
| that the peculiar institutions of their locality are
! sanctioned, not only by man, but by the Almighty,
which, in my judgment, is a fundamental error;
| yet they are enuiied to their opinions, radically
• wrong though they may be. But, sir, when I
, look about me,and"see men whose education has
been the reverse, who have been taught from the
i cradle piinoiples entirely different from those
! which they advocate—1 say that although T re-
! sped the men, I have no kind of respect, or regard
' for the principles which they advocate. Although
■ I I may treat them with tha civility due between
gentlemen, yet I have my misgivings that they (Jo
not themselves believe in thepi, una as much de-
spise those principles as I do. Ihavehad the for-
tune, or misfortune, of beinj* born and brought
up in a slave State. My eany education was re-
ceived in a slave State. Nevertheless, I was never
taught to believe that slavery was a godly insti-
tution or a great blessing, but that it is a great
wrong, opposed to every principle of republican
government. Now, sir, if I could not get that ed-
ucation in a slave State, I appeal to gentlemen who
have been raised in free States, and who have been
educated there and taught that every man has the
God-given rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness, whichevery other man is bound to re-
spect, whether they would be found advocating the
principle they do, were it not for the political or-
ganizations of the day? Were it not for power and
political plunder, in myjudgment, you could not
find a single man north of Mason and Dixon's
line who would advocate the institution of slavery
as these gentlemen do. It has been but within a
few years that I have heard it defended by south-
ern statesmen as a matter of right, and never by
northern men, until they found the success of
Locofocoism dependent upon that course, since
which time they are its most zealous advocates.
Now, Mr. Chairman,it has been the universal
practice of the political parties of this country,
ever since their organization, to make declarations
of principle, to govern them in the administration
of Government, in case of their success. The
Democratic party has ever laid down its princi-
ples and platform; the Whig party has done the
same; and each of them has gone with those prin-
ciples before the people, solemnly pledged, in
good faith, to administer the Government accord-
ingly. 1 do not propose now to go further back
in our political history than 1854, where I can
successfully commence to show the hypocritical
partisanship of the Locofoco party leaders, by
advocating slavery and slavery-extension in tho
South, and half-way slavery and anti-slavery at
the North. It is a matter known to every man,
especially those of the North, that when it was
proposed to repeal the Missouri compromise a
storm of universal indignation pervaded the entire
free States. Petitions and remonstrances by the
hundred thousands were sent here, protesting
against the injustice of the act. Public meetings
were held in all the towns, cities, and school dis-
tricts of the free States, in which the members of
all parlies paiticipated; and resolutions were
passed, sufficient to fill u large volume, in denun-
ciation of the attempted outrage.
But, sir, for some reason or other, the remon-
strances of the people were disregarded, and their
petitions unheeded by the political parties of that
day. Not only the Democratic leaders, but the
Whig leaders, participated in the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. When this storm was
coming thick and fast, the Democratic party be-
came alarmed, disoiganized and disbanded at the
North, and their flag was left dragging in the dust.
Then it was they were bound to apply all of their
ingenuity and all their inventive powers to bring
before the country issues never before known, not
recognized before, neverproclaimed before by any
party, North or South. It was a kind of after-
thought on tho part of these politicians. It was
a thing never dreamed of by any party,^ until
they saw the burning, withering, damning indig-
nation of an insulted and betrayed people, and
found it necessary, for the purpose of success, that
they should get up some swindle to deceive the
people, and thereby succeed The Democratic
party of the North commenced creeping and crawl-
in", and dared not show their drooping faces be-
fore the people, until they had got up some excuse
for the extraordinary course of Pierce's adminis-
tration on the slavery question. As soon, how-
ever, as they recovered from the first shock, they
began to preach Free-Soilism. They commenced
to tell the freemen of the North that the Kansas-
Nebraska bill was the great measure of freedom,
i and that the North would be vastly benefited, and
j the area of freedom extended by the repeal of the
I slavery restriction. This I then regarded as a
mere hypocritical pretense, and my mind has not
! undergone any change since.
; Why, sir, 1 heard it publicly proclaimed by the
! Locofoco stump speakers in Ohio that it was the
