484
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Political Organizations—Mr. Leiter.
IIo. of Reps.
peculiar province of the Democratic party to ex-
r nd the area of freedom, and that the Kansas-
Nebraska bill was the first step in that great pro-
gramme; that by means of the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, and the inauguration of the
now doctrine of popular sovereignty, we of the
North would gain at least three new free States
out of the territory now contained within the
boundaries of the State of Texas. We were told
this, too: that if we left all these questions to the
people of the Territories, then, as a matter of
course, the free States of the North would have
all the new States that would come into the Union;
that no slave State could be ever again admitted
under this new doctrine of popular sovereignty.
Well, that plausible doctrine gave theDemocratic
party considerable strength with the people, and
they again showed their faccs and gave battle to
the faithful friends of the country. Although the
Locofoco party had violated faith, yet I must say
it always had a facility for making attacks on the
Opposition, and showing the plausibility of their
course, so as to meet the approbation of the people
when it was unmerited. It always had the means
of argument to use to the people; ithad the means
of persuasion in discussion which were always
formidable, and, in my judgment, dangerous to
the best interests of the country.
Well, sir, the campaign of 1854 came on, but
the people were not satisfied with the pledges and
promises of that so-called Democratic party, nor
were they satisfied that the idea of popularsover-
eignty was just exactly what it was represented
to be; nor did they believe, although they had
been often so told, that in the doctrine of popular
sovereignty the people would have perfect secu-
rity against the aggressions of what they believed
to be a great wrong in the country—the extension
of slavery. The party was overthrown in every
free-State, and all its forces were put to flight in
1854. Eighteen hundred and fifty-five came on,
and by that time theii appeals bad boon hoaid,
long and loud and effectively, m many of the
States, and although they had been, m 1854, over-
thrown, perfectly demolished, yet they had such
power of attraction about them with their declara-
tions of leaving the people of the Territories to do
just as they pleased, not alone in regard to sla-
very, but in regard to everything else, that they
again rallied, and gavu battle to the Opposition.
That doctrine, I must confess, is a very popular
doctrinc, and very readily commended itself'to the
people. 1 wouhf like that way of doing business
myself. I would like right well to have things
just as I want them, and have nobody interfere
with me; and I judge thatall people have the same
feeling. Therefore the doctrine of popular sover-
eignty was very formidable to the Opposition
party, and indeed the only argument that could be
used against it effectually vuis that the so-called
Democratic party would not in good faith carry
out its pledges, the truth of which is now fully
verified.
Well, sir, 1856 came on. The time for the pres-
idential election was approaching, and it became
necessary then for political parties again to make
declarations of theirprmciples; and,true toils in-
stincts, the Locofoco party was ready again to
make any and every kind of pledge in order to
succeed. 1 hold m my hand the platform and
pledges of that party m the official proceedings of
the Cincinnati convention—the convention which
nominated James Buchanan as the Locofoco can-
didate for President of the United States. On
pages twenty-five and twenty-six I find the fol-
lowing resolutions declaratory of their supposed
principles:
" Resolved) That claiming fellowship with, and desiring
the coopeiaiiun of, all who regaul the pre&eivauon ot liie
Union under the Constitution as the paramount ami, arid
repudiating all &eeuon<vl panics-and platfniin** concerning
domestic slavery, which seek to embtotl the States and in-
cite to treason and aimed resistance to law in the Ternto-
rtes, and whose avowed purpo>e, it' consummated, inu<t
end in civil war and disunion, the Ameiiean Democracy
recojrmze and adopt the principle contained tn the oigamc
laws establishing theTemtones of Kansas and Nebru->kaas
embodying the only s ound and safe solution of the ks!a\ery
question,' upon which the great national idea of the people
of this couritiy can repose in its determined conservation of
the Union—non-interfeience by Congress with slavery m
States and Terntoiies, or in the District of Columbia.
" '2. Thar, this was the basis of the compi onuses of 1850—
confirmed by both the Democratic and Whig parties in na-
tional conventions, ratified by the people in the elections of
1852, and rightly applied to the organization of Territories
in IBM
" 3. That by the uniform application of this Democratic
principle lo the organization ot Territories, and to the ad-
mission of new States, with or without domestic slavery,
us they may elect—the equal rights of all the States will be
preserved intact; the original compacts of the Constitu-
tion maintained inviolate; and the peipetuity and expan-
sion of tins Union insured to its utmost capacity of embiac-
ing in peace and harmony, every future American State that
may be constituted or annexed, with a republican form of
Government.
"Resolved) That we iccognize the rights of the p.eople of
all the Territories, including Kansas ami Nebraska, acting
through the legally and fairly expressed will of a inajoiuy
of actual residents, and whenever the number of their in-<
habitants justifies it, to form a constitution with or without
slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon terms of per-
fect equality with the other States."
Wo are informed by this pamphlet that the
! reading of these resolutions " was followed by
' long continued and enthusiastic applause, in
which every delegate joined in the most earnest
manner."
Here was a time of great rejoicing and uni-
versal applause, demonstrative of the deep feel-
ing that animated that august body of political
schemers, on the adoption of a platform to be re-
pudiated by their party before the first year of
the administration of James Ruchanan had term-
inated .
Good faith and fair dealing, as well as consist-
ency, required that they should carry out these
pledges and promises, and their failure to do so
is a violation of every principle of right and
justice, and convicts them before the country of
hypocrisy and false pietense in making them,
notwithstanding the " enthusiastic applause of
all the delegates" of that convention upon their
adoption.
A violation of good faith has received the^on-
aemnation and denunciation of the virtuous and
good in all past time, and will continue to do so,
while truth and integrity have a votary.
For the purpose of showing how James Buch-
anan held those who violated their pledges and
promises to the people, 1 will read an extractfrom
a speech made by him, m 1841, in the United
States Senate. Then he had no regard for those
who made pledges and disregarded them, and
made the following emphatic record, to which I
invite your and lus attention, and particularly the
attention of the country:
" It you ro into the sncrcd walk* of Chiistianity-— Chns-
tiaiuty, the puie^t and bestgitt which ever descended fiom
heaven upon man—and vou theie find iW professor^ ptoath-
uifi what they nevei pinetieo, and never intended to piac-
tice, what would b^ your conviction of the Miicority and
true charactei of such piofessors? What would you "think
of that man if, with the pi in ci pies of tins sublime docti me
on his lip.s, his hie gave the he to In* professions 5 You
would not hesitate to pronounce him guilty ol' the gio^ses-t
hypoci jsy ? All mankind would unite with you in calling
lnm a hypocrite "
It might have been well for him and his party
if he read this speech before his wanton violation
of his platform. Tie saw fit to adopt the very fa-
miliar word " hypocrite," and I propose appro-
priating it freely in my remarks, and make a
proper application of it in my arraignment of his
Administiation. When they adopted their plat-
form, they knew that there was no danger of a
dissolution of the Union, yet they found it neces-
sary to make a " Union-saving" plank for their
j platfonn, for the purpose of bolstering up their
rotten cause, under the hypocritical pretense that
the Union was in danger. They found that pop-
ular sovereignty was not strong enough to carry
their party through the presidential election, and,
therefore, they adopted this " Union-saving" res-
olution, hypocritical as it was, for the purpose of
alarming the people, and thereby gaining support
to their tottering party.
They further hypocritically pretended and pro-
claimed to the country, that the Republican par^y
svas in favor of the dissolution of the Union, and
that they, the great Democratic party of the coun-
try, which was preaching anti-slavery at the North
and pro-slavery at the South, were the peculiar
friends of the Union, and would preserve it for-
ever. Sir, if 1 have any knowledge of political
parties in this country, I do know and believe
that neither is in favor of a dissolution of the
Union, and that this charge is false, and the men
that made it knew it to be false when they made
it, and that it was made to dcceive the people,
and thereby they would receive their support. I
believe that but a very small portion of the peo-
ple, either North or South, are, in good faith, in
favor of a dissolution of the Union. And yet, in
order to make their dogma of popularsovereignty
stick and be effective, it was necessary to put this
Union-saving plaster upon it. Well, sir, after
they get through with the saving of the Union,
they come in with the declaration of popular sov-
ereignty—that doctrine which was dug up after
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, as I
have heretofore shown, for the purpose of appeal-
ing to the freemen of the North by telling them
that the people of the Territories could regulate
their domestic institutions in their own way, and
bring in all Territories as free States. If any gen-
tleman had then said that this party ever intended
to digress in the least to the right or to the left,
or to permit a violation of any single jot or tittle
contained in that resolution, he would probably
have been branded as a traitor to his country, as
a disunionist.
These men themselves violated their own plat-
form, which was given to the people as a panacea
for all their evils, and a certain remedy against
slavery extension at the North, where that is un-
popular with the masses Yes, sir; that resolu-
tion was "adopted amidst applause, in which
every delegate in that convention joined." The
doctrine was popular; it was a hard doctrine to
combat; it was a correct doctrine; and the only
mode we had of combating it was, to tell the peo-
ple that these men did not intend, in good faith,
to carry out the principles laid down in theirplat-
form. Well, they succeeded; and in their success
it was implied that they would carry out the prin-
ciples laid down in that platform. On the 4th day
of March, 1857, James Buchanan was inaugur-
ated heie, at the east portico of this Capitol; and
there, in the presence of the vast multitude of as-
sembled citizens, he said:
e: What a conception, then, was it foi Congress to apply
thi^ simple rule—liiat the will of the majonty shall govern
- to the [settlement ot the question oi domestic slavery m
the Terntorie> !
" Kiir be this as it may, it is the imperative and indispens-
able duty of the Government oi the United States to secure
to every lesident inhabitant the free and independent, ex-
pression of his opinion by his vote. This sacred light of each
individual must be pieseivod !"
Prior to that time he had said to the country
that he stood upon the Cincinnati platform, and
would not add one plank to it, nor take one from
it. He stood pledged, then, to carry out in good
faith the doctrines laid down in the platform, and
I say that it became his solemn duty to do so.
Good faith to the country required he should do
so. The doctrine was established. The princi-
ple was settled. The country relied on the pledges
of these men that nothing should hinder or delay
them in carrying out the principle which they had
thus warmly advocated, and which had thus been
applauded by the intellect congregated in the Cin-
cinnati convention. It became necessary, in the
course of events that some action should be taken
in regard to matters in Kansas, and then the Pres-
ident again reiterated this same doctrine, in his
instructions to Governor Walker, of that Terii-
tory. Why, sir, the old gentleman had become
eloquent—absolutely eloquent. The enthusiasm
with which that resolution had been adopted in
the Cincinnati convention, had kindled such afire
in his soul that he could not avoid belching forth
his patriotic sentiments, when he sent forth his
instructions to the Governor of the Territory of
Kansas. • Hear him:
"Freedom and safety jor the legal voter, and exclusion
punishment for the illegal one. these should be the great prin-
ciples of your administration
Again:
li*/lnd a fair expression of the popular will must not be in-
terrupted by fraud or violcnce.,y
" Freedom," " safety for the legal voters," and
the " exclusion and punishment of illegal ones."
This was sound doctrine; and the people of the
country had a right to expect that this President,
their Chief Magistrate, sworn to administer the
laws of the country in accordance with the prin-
ciples of the Constitution, thus pledged by the
Cincinnati platform which, in party organization,
is higher and deeper and wider than all constitu-
tions, thus pledged in his inaugural address and in
his instructions to Governor Walker—I ask what
had the country a right to look for at the hands
