1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
voted for it; and Mr. Matteson, to whom the
gentleman alluded, is recorded as voting against it.
Mr. RUFFIN. I desire to say, in relation to
this twine and paper, that at the commencement
of the session, the documents folded in the fold-
ing-roam were folded in paper which was entirely
unfit for the purpose. I know that I received doc-
uments in my room that were folded in paper
which was perfectly rotten, and unfit for the pur-
pose for which it was intended. And the Com-
mittee of Accounts thought that it was very poor
economy for the Government, after expending an
immense amount in publishing books, some of
which are worth several dollars a volume, to try
and save two or three cents on the paper to en-
velop them, and have them folded in paper which
would probably be worn off before they had trav-
eled a hundred miles through the mails.
The Clerk was directed to get better paper, and
the superintendent of the folding-room was di-
rected not to use any paper that was not fit for the
purposes intended. There was also some twine
—I do not know what quantity—which was un-
fit for any purpose whatever. It was perfectly
rotten. 1 tried some of it myself, to tie up bun-
dles and speeches, and found it unfit for the pur-
pose for which it was intended. These are the
facts in regard to this matter. The last Clerk, or
some one else, had taken certain materials for the
folding-room, under contract, and some of them
were so unfit that we directed that no such mate-
rial should be used.
Mr. WALRRIDGF, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Letcher's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit the following amend-
ment, to come in after line twenty-three:
X''or horses, carriages, and saddle-horses, jjljfj'jO.
Mr. LEiTER. I propose to ask the gentleman
from Missouri a question, whether this is a de-
ficiency, and why there should be a deficiency in
saddle-horses?
Mr. PHELPS. The letter of the Clerk will
explain it.
It was read, as follows:
Office House of Ri i'RFsfntativfs,
Mctrch'2fi, KVi8.
Pin : In consequence of an under-estmiate of my ptede-
crssor, Mr. (Jullom, the appropi i.uion made .it the last
ijion of the la-t Uontrress, tor hoi&es and carnages tor the
uae of the House ol Repiesentauvev is exhausted. It will
leqture the sum of to cover the piobable deficiency
lor the present HmwI year.
Very respectfully, J. 0. ALLEN,
Clerk House of Representatives United States.
Hon. J. Glanoy ,Ionr ,
Chairman of Ike Committee of Want and Means.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out from
line twenty-four to line twenty-seven, inclusive,
as follows:
• To enable John (■. Hive-* to pay to the reporters of the
House for reporting the debate^ of the pie^ent se^ion of
Congress theu&ual additional compensation of §800 each,
I make the motion in good faith, and have no
argument to make.
Mr. WARREN. I am a little astonished that
such a motion should emanate from the source
from which it comes. The scriptural truth, that
"the laborer is worthy of his hire," applies to
these reporters of this House preeminently. There
are no persons in connection with this Congress,
members, clerks, or other officers, who perform
anything like the laboi of these gentlemen. The
task of the reporters is peculiarly an unenviable
one, as I take it. They have to sit here from the
opening till the close of the session, listening to
the threats made against the Union; and not only
that, they have to write down the infamous and
vile slanders aimed at this Union.
Mr. COLFAX. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Arkansas a question: whether he
alludes to those threats made, that the Union
would be dissolved unless a certain bill should be
parsed by this Congress ?
Mr. WARREN. I allude to the threats that
have been made from the commencement of this
session up to this time. If 1 had time, I would
tell the gentleman that I allude to the peculiar
paity with which the gentleman acts, and the
members of which voted, a few days ago, against
a law to protect the lives and property of honest
citizens in the capital of this nation, "i say that,
while members may retire, and are not bound to
listen to the assaults made upon the Union, the
reporters are bound to keep their seats, and not
only hear it, but write it all. I propose to say
here, once for all, that, if gentlemen intend to be
Democrats, it is time we were rallying around
the Administration, instead of caviling at such
just propositions as this. I suppose that, on this
deficiency bill, nineteen out of every twenty mem-
bers are prepared to take a leap in the dark; and
many of them strike at the Administration with-
out having investigated the thing for themselves.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HUGHES. I merely wish to state that
my only object in offering this amendment was to
give the gentleman from Arkansas an opportunity
to make that speech; and now I want to with-
draw it.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to its being with-
drawn.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the part pro-
posed to be stricken out by striking out the words
" To enable John C. Rives." I think that lan-
guage is founded upon the assumption that Mr.
Rives is not able to pay his reporters. 1 do not
want to make Mr. Rives the agent for paying
money which the House voluntarily undertakes
to pay.
Mr. GROW. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. Rives now
publishes the Globe, and we hold him responsible
for the faithful performance of the duties of the
reporters. In order to do that, he must pay the
reporters and have control over them. And it is
to carry out the same idea that this extra com-
pensation to the reporters should be paid through
him.
Mr. SEWARD, How is Mr. Rives made re-
sponsible by the payment of this extra compen-
sation ?
Mr. GROW. The House holds him respons-
ible for a faithful leport of its proceedings.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order for me to ex-
plain the object of my amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is hardly in order for
the gentleman now to explain his amendment.
Mr. GROW. I will explain to the gentleman
from Georgia how the matter stands, as I under-
stand it. The House commenced, the Congress
before the last, if I am not mistaken, to pay extra
compensation to the reporters. In order not to
relieve Mr. Rives from the responsibility, they
proposed to do it in this way. At the pay which
Mr. Rives received at that time, he could not afford
to pay them larger wages. The House thought
it advisable to pay them additional compensation
in this form, and leave Mr. Rives responsible for
the faithful performance of their duties. j
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. Will it be in order for me
to move to reduce the amount?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it would
be in order
Mr. BURNETT. I move to reduce the amount
$i00.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of the original
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Hughes,] to strike out this whole item. The re-
porters of this House are paid under a contract
with Mr. Llives. They are under his employ; and
I hold if they are not paid enough, if Mr. Rives
cannot employ them at the price which we pay
for publishing the Globe, then we ought to increase
the price we pay him sufficiently to enable him to
make a contract with his employes and give them
a fair compensation for their services. I hold that
it is wrong to vote £4,000, or any other sum of
money, to the reporters of this House, which is
nothing more nor less than a mere bonus. We
give them that m addition to the amount which
they receive from Mr. Rives under their contract
with him. J hold that it is wrong upon princi-
ple; and, for one, I will not vote this money in this
way. Either employ the repoiters directly, or
else pay Mr. Rives sufficient to enable him to pay
them for their services. This amendment is not
a deficiency, as was stated by the gentleman from
Virginia, who represents the Committee of Ways
and Means: in respect to this bill. It is not a de-
ficiency at all, and therefore ought not originally
to have been in the bill, and it ought not to be
here now. It is wrong to appropriate the money,
and I shall vote to strike out the whole item. 1
now ask leave to withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GROW. I object. I concur with the gen-
tleman from Kentucky in what he has said on the
principle of voting extra compensation. I have
generally voted against such resolutions. But
you have given it to all the other employes of the
House, and I ask if it is not right to give it to the -
reporters?
Mr. BURNETT. I propose to remedy the evil
by not voting to appropriate a dollar to pay the
extra compensation voted to either the reporters
or any employes of the House. :
Mr. GRO w. This extra compensation has for
two Congresses been paid to the reporters; and
I think that if there are any persons in the ser-
vice of the House, who are entitled to this com-
pensation, it should be the reporters. They have
more labor to perform, and labor more difficult to
perform, than any other employes of the House.
They have to work late at night, and sometimes
all night, and ought to be paid well.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask him one question ?
Are these reporters employes of the House, or are
they employes of Mr. Rives ?
Mr. GROW. It is for the very reason that they
are employes of Mr. Rives that the appropriation
is placed in its presentphraseology. I ask the ques-
tion, when you have paid extra compensation to
all the other employes of the House, if it is not
right to' pay it to these reporters? If they are
paid through Mr. Rives, as is provided in this bill,
no one supposes that the money will not be faith-
fully paid to them.
I have only to say, in conclusion, that when a
corps of reporters have-performed their duties as
I conceive this corps have performed them, with
the ability, efficiency, and correctness which they
have shown, it is not right that all the'other em-
ployes of the House should be paid extra com-
pensation, and they should be neglected.
Mr. BURNETT then, by unanimous consent,
withdiew his amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out{t $
and insert " $400."
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman with-
draw his former amendment?
Mr. HUGHES. I propose to modify it as I
have stated.
Mr. WARREN. I submit that it is not com-
petentforthe gentleman to make his modification.
The gentleman moved to strike out the entire par-
agraph; and, having done it, the motion has been
fully discussed in committee. I submit that he
cannot now modify that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman may mod-
ify his proposition by general consent.
Mr. WARREN. Well, sir, 1 object.
Mr. SEWARD. I have an amendment to offer
in the twenty-third line, by way of perfecting the
paragraph, before the vote is taken on the motion
to strike it out. I submit the following amend-
ment. Insert before the clause the following:
Upon the assumption that John 0. llives is insolvent,
which is untrue m itself; and it bein« assumed, which is
equally untiue,that the Government is incapable of dis-
bmsing its own money; now, therotore,
Mr.LEITER. I rise to a point of order. This
is a stump speech, and is not in order on this bill.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Whatevcrthe Chairmight
think of the amendment, it is not for him to de-
cide on that point.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Chairman,whatever may
be our legislation, I hold that it ought to be con-
sistent with truth, and therefore I have moved this
amendment, as explanatory of the character of
this legislation. In the first place, I understand
that Mr. Rives is able to pay all his liabilities;
and in the second place, that we have a Treasury
of the United States, and an officer to disburse the
money which we may appropriate. It is not
necessary that we should have a sub-treasurer in
Mr. Pdves, to disburse ^4,000 which we propose
to give to the reporters on our own responsibility.
I ask any gentleman who votes against my prop-
osition, what necessity there is in making Mr.
Rives an agent to perform an*"act of charity which
this House may undertake to perform ? Why is
not this House as well able to vote this money to
the reporters themselves as through Mr. Rives ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I will explain this. The
House has contracted with Mr. Rives for pub-
lishing the Globe 
Mr. SEWARD. I cannot yield to the gentle-
