2546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
the Senators to order. The Senator from Mis-
souri has the floor.
Mr. GREEN. I have the floor, and I intend
to keep it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to Senators that the rule requires every
Senator to address the Chair.
_ Mr. GREEN. I am addressing the Chair; and
I thought I was talking pertinently to the ques-
tion, showing why this amendment was in order,
and wti-y the arguments addressed against it were
not sufficient to defeat the point that I had made.
Mr. HUNTER. "Will the Senator give way
to me for a moment, and I will move to adjourn ?
Mr. GREEN. If it is a motion to adjourn, I.
will.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed- to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 31, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Butler.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr.Speaker, is there a quo-
rum present?
The SPEAKER. There are one hundred and
twenty members present.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Pending the reading of the Journal,
Mr. DAVIS,, of Indiana, said: Mr. Speaker, I
understand that there are sixty pages of Journal,
and with a view of economising time, and as no-
body seems to be listening, I move that the fur-
ther reading be dispensed with.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We had better
have it all read.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
it will take an hour and a half to read that Jour-
nal, and I move that its further reading be dis-
pensed with.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I say that it had
better be read.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules for the purpose I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion.
The reading of the Journal was concluded, and
the Journal approved.
CORRECTION OF AN ERROR.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Dickinb, their Secrctaty, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution (No.
47) to correct an error in a ccrtain act approved
May J1, J858, in winch he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. This resolution is to cor-
rect a clerical error in an act which passed this
House some two weeks since, prescribing the
boundaries of certain land districts in the State of
Michigan. It is recommended by the officers of
the General Land Office, and I hope it will be
passed without objection.
There being no objection, the resolution was
taken up, received its several readings, and was
passed.
delegate from dacotah.
Mr. GILMER, in accordance with the permis-
sion of the House of Saturday last, submitted the
views of the minority of the Committee of Elec-
tions in the ease of Mr. Kingsbury.
artists' commission.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order,
is the motion made by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Muisiiall] to suspend the rules so
as to enable him to present a memorial of the art-
ists of the United States, and offer the following
resolution:
Resolvedt Thar the memorial of the artists of the United
States be. awl the same is hereby, refened to a select com-
mittee of five, to be appointed by the .Speaker, with niftruc-
tion* to report upon the expediency of granting the petition
of the memorialists, and with power to report by onl or
oihet wise.
Mr. McClUEEN. I would like to know what
is the object of that memorial ?
Mr. MORGAN. I ask for the reading of the
memorial.
The Clerk read the memorial, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United.
States:
The memorial of the artists of the United States, in con-
vention assembled, respectfully represents:
That your memorialists appear before your honorable
bodies to solicit for American art that consideration and en-
couragement to which they conceive it to be entitled at the
hands of the General Government.
They cannot but deem it a matter of deep regret that so
important an element of national progress should have re-
ceived, as yet, so limited a share of attention at the hands
of our legislators, and that opportunities for the illustration
of our country's history, rich as it is in material for the pen-
cil and the chisel, should have been, with a few exceptions,
denied to those whose province it is, and whose pride it
would be, to embody in endjawng and beautiful forms, for
the benefit of our own andluture generations, all that is
glorious and ennobling in our history, character, and life, as
a people.
Your memorialists submit that the time is now at hand
when we may assume a position in the world of art as en-
viable and exalted as that which we have attained in our
social and political relations; that the capacity of our artists
to accomphbh this glorious end is abundant; and that the
appropriate field for its development and exercise is m the
adornment and completion of the noble structures now being
reared by the nation for tlie nation's u?e.
A liberal, systematic, and enlightened encouragement is,
they believe, all that is needed lor the establishment of a
national art that shall worthily illustrate the genius of* our
institutions; and they cheush the earnest hope that the
golden opportunity now afforded m the erection of spacious
and costly Government buildings will not be neglected; but
that, by the wisdom of the means adopted by your honor-
able bodies, an impulse may be given to the cause of Amer-
ican art, the beneticent and ennobling influences of which
bhall extend to our remotest posteniy.
Your memorialists respectfully uige that the great end
proposed—namely: the advancement of art in the United
States—may be most surely and completely attained by the
establishment of an art commission, composed of tho*e
designated by the united voice of Ameucan aitists, as com-
petent to the office, who shall be accepted as the exponents
of the authority and influence of Ameiicdu art; who shall
bo the chaimulb for the distribution of all appiopriatious to
be made by Congress tor art purposes; and who shall secure
to aitists an intelligent and unbiased adjudication upon the
designs they may present lor the embellishment of the na-
tional buildings.
Your niemoiiahsts believe that the appointment of such
a commission would be hailed throughout the country as
an evidence of a just and gs-nerou- appreciation by your
honorable bodies of the claims and interests of art, and
would secure for it a tuturc connnensuiate with the exalted
character of the hifloiy and the times wluch it Ue pur-
pose to commemorate.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will say
to the House, that it cannot err in subjecting that
memorial to the consideration of a committee.
Mr. McQ,TJEEN. My only objection is that
it provides for another sclect committee, and it
seems to me that we have had enough of them
during this session. I will withdraw my objec-
tion if the memorial be referred to the Committee
on the Library.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 108,
noes 38.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
received.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved the
previous question on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As we cannotget
the yeas and nays, I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. Is it m order to move to refer
the resolution to the Committee on the Library?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the demand
j for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
| main question ordered; and under its operation
j! the resolution was adopted.
ij Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to
f, rcconsider the vote by which the resolution was
j] adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
jj consider upon the table.
|j The latter motion was agreed to.
ij DIFFICULTIES WITH PARAGUAY.
: Mr. RITCHIE. I ask the unanimous consent
. of the House to report from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, a joint lesolution of the Senate
j! (No. *J3) entitled " A resolution for the adjust-
\ meiit of the difficulties with the Republic of Para-
M guay." I desire to say to the House that it is
!: of great importance that this resolution should
!; be disposed of one way or the other. It passed
i! the Senate, and has the unanimous recommend-
J| ation of the Committee on Foreign Affairs in the
House, If the resolution be taken up, I think I
cap explain the grounds of it fully in ten minutes;
as fully, at least, as there is any necessity for,
unless gentlemen wish to examine the wholesub-
ject.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table and read.
It authorizes the President of the United'States
to adopt such measures and use such force as, in
his judgment, may be necessary and advisable in
the event of a refusal on the part of the Republic
of Paraguay to settle justly the differences be-
tween the United States and that Republic in con-
nection with the attack on the United States
steamer Water Witch, and with other'matters
referred to in the annual message of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to make a short ex-
planation in which I think I shall answer the
inquiry which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] is about to make.
Several Members. Let it go.
Mr. RITCHIE. Is it the desire of the House
that I should make any explanation?
Several Members. No, no!
Mr. RITCHIE. Then I move to put the reso-
lution on its passage. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia wishes to make an inquiry, I will give him
an opportunity.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 desire to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the words, " and use such
force."
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to say, with respect
to that, that if those words be stricken out, the
resolution will be of no manner of use. These
people of Paraguay have but recently come into
the family of nations. Very lately, on a mere
exhibition of force at the mouth of the river, they
settled their differences with France and Brazil,
neither of which nations received half the provo-
cation that we have-done. If a commissioner be
sent there without a force to back him, we might
as well let the matter pass.
The origin of the difficulty is this: the United
States steamer Water Witch, while engaged in
the survey of the Parana—the main branch of the
river La Plata—between the province of Cor-
rientes, in the Argentine Republic, and the Re-
public of Paraguay, not only with the permission,
but at the earnest request of the President of the
Argentine Republic, and of the Governor of Cor-
rientes, (the Argentine Republic having joint juns-
diction with Paraguay ovej that river,) was fired
upon by a Paraguayan fort ten times; the man at
the wheel was shot dead; and the fort continued
to fire on the vessel till it had drifted out of range.
I desire to say further, to the gentleman from
Virginia, that that acton the partof the Republic
of Paraguay was so totally unexpected, that Cap-
tain Page, commander of the Water Witch, was
not even on board of his vessel at the time, and
every other officer, with the exception of the en-
gineer of the Water Witch and Lieutenant Jef-
fers, were absent on service in the other parts of
the river. It was an attack totally without prov-
ocation and totally unexpected. There have been
also some difficulties between the President of
Paraguay and a manufacturing company which
had gone out there from the United States under
the laws of Paraguay.
All these things i can explain, if the House
choose to allow me to do so; but it strikes me
that unless the resolution pass now, it would be
better to drop the whole subject altogether. The
resolution has the unanimous recommendation
uf the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and unless
further debate be desired, I move the previous
question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire the gentleman to
withdraw the previous question to allow me to
offer an amendment.
Mr. RITCHIE. I will hear it read.
Mr. CPU WFORD. I desire to amend by add-
ing the following sectioi:
Be it jutihor resolved, Thai the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized to use such force as
may iu hi- judgment be necessaiy and advisable to proteo.
| .Ameucan commerce and pjevent the seaich of American
vessels by I3ntish ciuisers in the waters of the Gulf of
Mexico.
Great Britain ought to be put upon th^ same
footing precisely as Paraguay.
Mr. RITCHIE. I decline to accept the amend-
ment, and insist upon the call for the previous
question.
