1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Union would crush her out, and that was the
speech which I answered. TJiere were armed
bands of men organizing in the great cities. Here
let me say to the Senator that he was mistaken
in another respect; there cannot have grown up
in Kansas in three years a city which can begin
to compare with these old dens of vice and fraud.
That is a work of longer growth than three, or
four, or five years. You cannot get in one of the
new States or Territories such great corruption
in five or ten years, as that which has been col-
lecting for centuries in these old haunts of filth
and vice.
Mr. IVERSOiSr. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Rhode Island how it can be done.
It can be done by establishing emigrant aid soci-
eties, and taking this very mass of corruption
from the old States, and settling it in the Terri-
tories.
Mr. SIMMONS. We do not go into that. We
are a conservative people; we stand by the old
principle of regular voting and orderljr meetings.
I am not going to defend anybody else's doctrine.
1 do not belong to these organizations. I have a
sort of organization of my own that I have had
for about sixty years, and I consult my heart,
when I want to know what is right and politic. I
ask the Senator from Georgia if things have come
to such a pass that the people of the large cities
and Slates, through their representatives in the
Halls of Congress, threaten to crush out a small
Slate, whether it is not time to look around and
see where you arc to get strength? We asked
nothing from this' Government but a paper proc-
lamation, and I believe that is what we got; and
we asked further for a sensible man to be there in
case we should need help.
I was not at home then; I was in my place in
the Senate. Very many people asked-why I did
not go home and help to attend to that rebellion.
I told them that I had left a parcel of boys at
home who could take care of it better than I
could. Sir, there was not one of my sons that
■was big enough to carry a gun, or to handle a
hoe, that did not go. I had no occasion to tell
them; I did not direct them. 1 knew where they
. "were born; I knew they had descended directly
from Roger Williams. I had one son who went
■with a Paixhan gun sixteen miles to meet those
folks from New York that came over the line of
Connecticut. He did itin a rain, a drenching rain.
Then I had another son or two who went twenty
miles to watch our neighbors on the border of
Massachusetts. They, with others, slept on the
tow path to be ready to keep men from coming in
fromBellingham. They told me they had a good
time; they were no more afraid of the Massachu-
setts people than the Kansas folks are of the
border-ruffians. I would not send the Army there.
Let the people alone, and they will take care of
themselves. All we asked was to keep outsiders
away.
I told a Senator from the big State of Ohio,
that if he would let us alone we would take care
of all the people in our own State, and not hurt
one of them. When the proclamation was issued
by our Governor for the people to repair to the
lines of our State and defend the State from in-
vasion from abroad, the men down in the county
of Washington, and they were almost all Dorrites,
set up their hoes in their fields and took up their
guns and marched off", with no captains, no or-
ganization; and those fellows who were threat-
ening us, when they heard that these men were
coming, immediately scampered off. It was some-
thing like the song they used to sing," the Camp-
bells are coming." You cannot scare Rhode
Islandeis. We went over to Massachusetts and
took some of the fellows within her territory.
We played Padding upon them, and they sued
• us. They had us down to Boston to defend the
suit. They said they would not have their ter-
ritory invaded. We told them to keep their rogues
at home, but if they disturbed us we would take
them where we found them, though of course we
should not go very far into the interior of Mas-
sachusetts. Our State paid the expenses of the
trial, and we had more trouble about the lawsuit
after fighting, than we had in licking them.
[Laughter.] The greatest struggles we had in
Rhode Island were in lawsuits with Massachu-
setts, and I believe we had some in the courts
here.
I think I have made out a case in which the
Senator from Georgia will a^ree with roe. We
wanted the Government of the United States to
keep the rowdies out of Rhode Island, and we
promised to take care of our own people, and to
render a good account of them, without hurting
a hair of their heads. When 1 was making a con-
stitution for the State, I was for allowing every-
! body who was there, or had been born there, to
! vote; but I could not consent to have that object
| attained in an irregular manner When we came
out of that rebellion, a clever Governor in Con-
necticut would not allow us to go over there for
Dorr. He went to New Hampshire; and we asked
the Governor of New Hampshire to deliver him
up as a bad fellow who had given us trouble.
" Oh, no!" he said. The Democracy reigned there
then, and they could not give up a mail, no mat-
ter hoiv much trouble he had made at home. We
did notgo after him; we knew he liked his home,
and would come back after awhile. When our
folks, I think unwisely, put him into piison, I had
rather sacrifice my seat here than have him kept
there; and I went for his liberation, and got turned
out of the Senate for doing so. I did not blame
my folks for turning me out. I did not belong to
that " law and order" party which has now been
dominantin Kansasforsome time. I wasaWhig,
and 1 told them 1 had not changed my opinions
because there was a little sort of tempest ill a tea-
pot there, but I should keep to the old doctrines.
Now, 1 hope I shall not be questioned on this
matter again. I trust that I have removed from
the mind of the Senator from Georgia his un-
favorable impression about Rhode Island. When
I get up to speak again, 1 shall bi mg the book and
read to him the old organization of that State, so
that lie shall be satisfied that we started right,
and kept right longer than any people ever did in
this country. For two hundred yeais we got
along without a change, and I believe the good
judgment of the State has been sorry ever since
that the change wa? made; but we cannot help it
now; we must make the best of it. This is all I
have to say.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator is going to
bring all those old musty books to satisfy me, I
shall save him the trouble, and acknowledge my-
self satisfied in advance. [Laughter.]
Mi-. SIMMONS. That is clever. 1 am glad of
it, because I am always in favor of saving labor.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I do not
propose at this time to detain the Senate; but there
are two or three points of the argument of the
honorable Senator from Georgia that I propose
to notice. I was gratified to learn from him the
object of this increase of the Army. I had been
waiting in vain for the last two days to have that
object declared. It was declared by the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi to be one of the
objects, but not the great object; but the honor-
able gentleman from Georgia has stated that the
grand object is the conquest of Utah. Now, sir,
why does the honorable Senator desire to con-
quer Utah ? Is there any proof that Utah is in a
state of rebellion against this Government? I
deny that there is any such proof before the Sen-
ate of the United States. No such proof has been
laid upon our table. All the proof we have is
that Brigham Young is laboring under a slight
mistake. Brigham Young has read the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, and in that bill he has found this
language:
" It being the true intent and meaning of tiii ; act, not to
legislate biavery into any Terntoryor State, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way."
Brigham Young has read that clause of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, and in the innocence of his
heart he has supposed that it meant something.
He has supposed that when that clause was in-
serted in the bill, it meant that he had the right
not only to regulate but to form his own domestic
institutions in his own way; and if the family
relation is not one of the domestic institutions,
pray tell me what is. He thought he had an un-
doubted right to have one wife or a hundred, and
he turned to the Nebraska bill to prove that right.
He laboied under a slight misapprehension.
Then again, sir, ho had the speeches of my
honorable and illustrious predecessor [Mr. Cass]
upon squatter sovereignty and non-intervention,
and he had read the specchesof the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] on the same
subject, declaring that in no event could Congress
intervene in the affairs of a Territory, 'brigham
Young believed those speeches to mean some-
thing. He believed, and ho believes to-day, that
he is merely carrying out the trile intent arid
meaning of that act, which t have just read.
What do the gen tlemen on the other side of'tlie
Chamber propose ? _ Do they propose to abandon
the doctrine of non-intervention and squatter sov-"
ereignty ? Do they propose to abandon the prin-
ciples of the Nebraska bill ? Do they prtipdse to
intervene in the affair's of the Territory of Utah .'
If they do, if they me'an to back down and admit
i that they have been in error and have been doing
wrong for the last four years, and will show to
i me that they require a force in Utah to put down
! rebellion against the Government, I will vote for
j it. I care not whether it be one regiment or onfe
; hundred regiments; hut until they can show fne
i that there is rebellion in Utah, and that Brig-
j ham Young is doing something more than carry -
1 ing out the true intent and meaning of their own
; work, I will never vote to raise a man.
j Now, sii, I suggest another remedy. I do not
j propose to send regiments and bayonets into .Utah
in this stage of the proceedings; but I proposfe
that we employ a missionary, a sound missionary,
a man known to be in the confidence of this'Ad- '
ministration. Let him have letter's patent froiri
this Administration, showing that he does pos-
sess their confidence and represent,their views'.
Send this man alone, without arms and without
bayonets, to Brigham Young and to the people of
Utah Territory; and after having exhibited his
testimonials, let hiin say to Brigham Young," Sir,
you are under a misapprehension on this whole
question." He may reply, "Here is the bill
which declares that the people of the Territories
' shall be left perfectly free,' not only to regulate,
but' to form their domestic institutions in their
own way,'and there is no misapprehension about
it." "Ah I" the missionary can reply, " that was
a.mere tub thrown to the whale; that was to catch
northern votes; that was to save the honorable
Senator from Illinois, and the honorable Senator
from Michigan, and other honorable Senators,
from annihilation at home. It does not apply to
the people of the Territories. You must obe'y the
laws: and you do not obey them we will send
an army, and we will exterminate your whole
race." If you can convince him that this man is
the faithful exponent of the views of this Admin-
istration, and that that army will be forthcoming
unless he submit to the laws, you will have no
war, for he dare not resist this Government.
But, sir, why has he been led to suppose that
this Administration was not in earnest? Why
were not these fifteen hundred men started from
Fort Leavenworth on the first day of June, in-
stead of being kept there until it was an absolute
certainty that the snows of winter would fasten
them up in the gorges of the Rocky Mountains ?
He has been led by that act again to suppose
that the Administration were not in earnest. He
knew perfectly well where the troops were; he
knew perfectly well that they might have been
started in season to reach Utah before the frosts
came on; and he knew that they were not sent.
Ho certainly supposed that the Government were
not in earnest, that they did not mean to inter-
fere, that they still adhered to the doctrine of non-
intervention.
The Senator from Georgia also alluded to the
employment of troops in Kansas, and he said he
wished to God—that may not be his exact ex-
pression, but it is the idea—that no soldier had
ever been sent into Kansas;, ,an<! £ ave as a reason
that, had troops not been'dSSh'f.ttere, the Aboli-
tionists would have been exterminated. I do not
know exactly whom he terms" Abolitionists. _ I
do not know whether there is an Abolitionist in
Kansas or not; but I do know one thing: that if
the troops had not been sent to Kansas and had
not been kept there, there would not have been a
border ruffian now polluting that fresh and virgin
soil. Never, sir, since the first drop of free-State
blood was shed in that Territory has the moment
existed when border-ruffianism would not have
been wiped out in thirty days but for the inter-
vention of United States troops. Take away the
Army of the United States to-morrow, and I tell
you, sir, the people of Kansas will settle their
own affairs in their own way, will settle them for
this time and for all time on the principle of free
