1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Political Organizations—Mr. Leiter.
Ho. of Rebs.
of the President? Nothing but good faith and
fidelity. Governor Walker, as a faithful servant
of the people, considered himself bound, not only
by these instructions coming from his superior
officer, but by his oath, the Constitution, the law
of the land, and the pledges of his party, to see
that the people of the Territory of Kansas should
be protected in their rights and privileges as
American citizens. And what has been the sequel
of all this ? Nothing more nor less than treason to
every pledge made by the Administration, which
authorizes me in branding it as hypocritical, in the
language of the President in 1841! Why, sir,
Governor Walker could not have survived a day
had it been known that he intended to do just
what the President told him he should do.
Popular sovereignty had by this time taken a
new turn. The party found it necessary to change
front, as they had done on the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. They were playing a double game. It was
a two-faced party, having one face for the North
and another for the South. It had a South wing
and a North wing; but the latter was unsound,
and broke in our contest. When it was found
that the free-State men had taken possession of
the Territory, and that upon a fair and proper
vote there would be a repudiation of the institu-
tion of slavery, all of a sudden, when the Admin-
istration party had its face turned to the right, and
in the right direction to carry out popular sover-
eignty, where do you find it? Without a mo-
ment's notice, this political engineer who had hold
of the machinery of the Government made a sud-
den halt, and the word was, " right about face,"
and away went the great mass of people one way
and this Locofoco Juggernaut the other. Thank
God! it did not go the same way the people did,
or it might have rolled over them alt; as it is, the
people will ciush them. Where then were your
leading Democrats? Where then was the gallant
Douglas, who had stood by you in 1856-57, and
elected James Bur.hanan President, and a major-
ity of Locofocos to this Congress? Where was
your Wise, who had immortalized himself in his
campaign against Sam? Where were your men
of the North, and of the South, who had been
preaching the doctrine of popular sovereignty?
They stood firmly by popular sovereignty, and
are now denounced as traitors; and if they remain
in this party, they must do service in the rear
ranks. Why, sir, the President's guillotine was
put to work taking off the heads of the friends of
the very men who had been put upon the track of
popular sovereignty by this same political organ-
ization called the Democratic party.
Now, I say these are very unkind acts in the
President. If ho intended to change front, he
should at least have given a little notice. He
should have at least given as much notice to his
friends, as we have to give a man in the State of
Ohio to turn him out of our premises. But, sir,
I can imagine an orator in our country address-
ing an assemblage of Democrats, upon the stump,
dilating upon the beauties of popular sovereignty,
when a horseman comes up at a high speed, in the
middle of the speech-of the stump orator, bearing
the intelligence that the party has changed front.
That the Administration at Washington have de-
cided that, instead of popular sovereignty being a
good institution, although it had pleased all our
people all over our country, Noith and South, it
had become a most abominable heresy; and every ;
man engaged in that kind of preaching was to be
ostracized, and forever held in disrepute by the
party. Think of the surprise of the stumper at
such an announcement. Yet this is illustrative
of the course of the Administration. No matter
if they were men who had always stood by the
party even in its evil days; even in days when
many good men had ieft it they had stood by with
the hope of reforming it; because they would not
abandon a doctrine of the party, a doctiine which
had been preached so long, so loud, and so effec-
tively to the people. One single day swept them
out of existence; and the great misfortune is that
they have got to go down to posterity as delin-
quents and political renegades. They can never
recover from such a shock unless they join the
Republicans, and make themselves useful to the
country by adherence to correct principles. There
are a great many of them good men. I know a
great many Democrats, good and true men, who
are included in this class.
Well, sir, during the time these things are taking
place in the General Government, we, the peo-
ple in the States, who, though we were at first
suspicious about its origin, had pretty much made
up our minds that this doctrine of popular sover-
eignty, as proposed to be carried out by the Presi-
dent, in the first place, was a reliable and good doc-
trine. The Democratic party in the State ofOhio, in
1857, became highly elated with the doctrine; they
made it the watchword of the party, and with itthey
made the party stronger than it had been since
1854, because they adhered more closely to prin-
ciple. In 1857, that party met in State convention
at Columbus, and nominated Henry B. Paine for
Governor. Their candidate, an eloquent man and
a man of learning, came out and made them a
speech, from which I will read a short extract,
which shows conclusively where they stood, if
they were honest, and if not, that they are of that
peculiar class called hypocrites. He went on to
eulogize the Administration; but that was before
the Administration changed front on this popular-
sovereignty doctrine.
It was before popular sovereignty had become
a heresy in the Democratic party. lie says:
" Under liis administration Kansas, protected alike from
New England and the South, is working out tile peaceable
results of righteousness. At a day not distant or doubtful,
as from the beginning had been predicted, Kansas will be
admitted into the gala\'y of States, with a free-State con-
stitution, by the votes of her own people ; abolishing forever
slavery in her midst, thus furnishing an application of piac-
tieal Democratic doctiines."
* Here you see it declared again that it is the
destiny of Kansas to be admitted as a free State,
by the votes of its own people, under the auspices
of the Democratic party. This is called the "prac-
tical results of righteousness." This is^justwhat
was " predicted from the beginning." There the
Locofocos are anti-slavery, here pro-slavery. It
was upon that doctrine that this Democratic can-
didate for Governor of the State ofOhio went into
the canvass, and received a very large and com-
plimentary vote. If he had avowed any such doc-
trines as aie practiced by northern Locofocos here,
he would not have received one third the vote he
did, and would have been a disgraced man. Yet,
with this hypocritical doctrine, he came nis^h being i
elected Governor of the great State of Ohio. j
Why, sir, what is the principal Democratic doc- |
trine? At the South it is the admission of Kansas [
as a slave State; is it not? Is not that what the |
Democracy of the South want? At the North they j
pretend to favor its admission as a free State, and
yet their Representatives voted for her admission
as a slave State. This I regard as unadulterated
Locofocoism.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will answer the
gentleman, if I can £?et the floor.
Mr. LEITER. You will have to answer your !
own Democratic Governor first, who will hold j
you up in your true light in Virginia. j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will answer you
first, and lum afterwards
Mr. LEITEE. Well, you will have a nice I
job of it. Now, sir, that this doctrine might be !
fully disseminated in Ohio, it bccamc nocssary j
to have more than the speech of their Democratic j
candidate for Governor, and on the 7th Septem- i
ber, 1857, the Democratic State central committee |
of Ohio issued an address to the people; and there j
is some tolerably good reading in that address, j
I commend it to the consideration of my Demo- j
cratic friends on this floor. I will read a short
extract from it:
" The committee point with pride to the film and states-
manlike attitude of the Pre^-idontand tne AdnnnMiaiioi) in
reference to the affairs of Kansas. Tlic dotctmination of
Mr. Buchanan to use all hi-; constitutional power, to secure
to the people of the Territoiy the ftce exe. ci>e oi thur suf-
frages upon the adoption of the State constitution, meets
the unqualified approval of the whole national Democracy,
North and South. In the North it could demand no more ;
in the t3outh it could claim no le&s. The position taken by
Vugima at this juncture is sufficient to arouse the exulta-
tion of her sons, wherever tiiey may be found within the
limits of the Union, and should be enough to excite the
emulation of Ohio to take u s-tand of equal patnotism. In
the eloquent language of one of her Democtatic organs,
' Virginia will pray that the Union, as its affairs are now
administered, may, in duration, exceed that ot the Egyp-
tian pyramid*, which, after the lapse of foity centuries, still
stand erect and unshaken above the floods of the 3SUe.'
The obstacles interposed to prevent a peaeedbte betticment
of the affairs of the Territory, by the people at the ballot-
box, in order to cieate capital for the tottering Republican
factions in Ohio and New York, cannot be too severely rep-
rehended. "
Here is an indorsement by that central Demo-
cratic committee, of the doctrine of popular sov-
ereignty, of the right of the people of Kansas to
settle their own domesticaffairs in their own way,
withoutmterference from theNorth or the South/
or any other quarter. That was good Democratic
doctrine in 1857. It was indorsed by the Demo-
cratic party of Ohio. The Democratic candidate
stood upon it in his canvass for the gubernatorial
chair. Then Kansas was to come into this Union
as a free State, "thus furnishing an application of
practical Democratic doctrine." Here you gen-
tlemen of the South have evidence of the hypoc-
risy of the Locofocos of the North, and their
double dealing on this question. But prior to
the election m Ohio, a convention had been called
to meet in Kansas for the purpose of framing a
constitution, the delegates to which were publicly
pledged to a submission of the constitution to
vote of the people of the Territory; and this, too,
was urged in Ohio in defense of their position.
That convention, called the Lecomptonconstitu*
tional convention, met. Mark you; the word must
have been passed around that Kansas should be a
free State, or Mr. Payne would not have made
such a speech; nor would that address have been
published; for he and they are the most arrant
nypocritcs that live. Fearful of the results which
would follow the action of that convention, a sud-
den and unexpected change of policy was adopted
by the convention, and it adjourned its delibera-
tions until after the election in the States were
over. The Republicans in Ohio, and all over the
country, sounded the tocsin of alarm, that treason
again had entered the camp, and that the enemy
were about to usurp the rights of the people of
Kansas.
Boldly and manfully were the rights of Kansas
upheld by the Republicans all over the country.
The President and his party, instead of carrying
out their pledges in good faith, with an unworthy
disregard of the rights of the people, cast their
promises to the winds, and the hypocrisy of their
professions bccame apparent, and the country
now is left to depend upon broken promises and
violated faith from them. This Lecompton con-
stitutional convention met on the seventh of No-
i vember, and framed a constitution for Kansas;
Then the Legislature of Ohio was clected, and all
the elections of the State were over. What, then,
was done ? They framed a pro-slavery constitu-
tion for Kansas—a pro-slavery constitution from
the beginning to the end, without a mitigating
clause for the reliefofthe people. Yet, pro-slavery
as it was, and pledged as they had been, they
dared not submitit toavoteof the peopleofKan-
sas. By a system of political thimble-rigging and
legerdemain theyexpected toentraptbe free-State
mV-niii that Territory. It was all the time claimed,
howevei, by them, that this Lecompton consti-
\ tution was not a pro-slavery constitution. It was
' said that portions of the constitution could be
stricken out; but the villainy of the thing was too
! appaieut to deceive.
I That that constitution is preeminently pro-sla-
j very no fair-minded man will gainsay or confcro-
; vert: yet it was, and is, claimed by some that such
i is not its chaiacter; and that the people, by the
| vote provided, could make it a fiee State. I must
! dissent from all such constructions of that instru-
ment. I deny that it is susceptible of any such
; construction; and charge that it is pro-slavery,
j and pro-slavery only, be the vote what it may.
: In this opinion I am confirmed by the following
j extract from the speech of Mr. Randolph, a mem-
i ber of that notable convention from Atchison:
I '-Now. what was this scheme? What is said? Why,
; he' e we have two constitutions—one for slavery, and one
| wiihout. Well, tiiatV a good one. [Laughter.] Yes, you
in ay lanjrli; it's just numbug. The fact is, it's a slave-
State constitution, and a slave-State constitution. That's
it; you may laugh. I'll tell you, the world will soon be
laughniff at us. This is a grand humbug. It's not fair. Jt
is suppos-ed by some of,the gentlemen here that they are
awful smart, or that the Abolitionists areawfui tools. We
expect thein to vote for a slave State in this way. They
are not such fools as you suppose. But let us suppose that
they are such fools, is it right to swindle them m this way.
It isn't lair; I won't do it. If we are to submit it at all,
eubmit it fair; let them have a fre^-Stat? eanstuttuon U
