Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
For subsistence in kind, S1,S20,000.
ForVur'veys for military defenses, geographi^expjlom-
tiflns, and reeonnoisaitces for military pill poses, {|j,G0Q.
As the gentlemaji from Virginia [Mr. .Lbtch^r]
mjide an allusion to the statement which I made
on'Fridsiy last in reference to th.i^ bill, I wish to
say that, in a casual conversation which I had on
the Steps of a hotel with a gentleman who repre-
sented himself as a contractor, bg told me that he
had, or wa,s one of a party or firm Srhp had, a
contract such as I stated!. My allusion to its be-
ing a private conversation, I supposed, yas un-
derstood. I did no.t intend to convey any suph
idej, but it had a particular signification. It was
not private, and yet I had no authority to use
the name; apd,indeed, it m.gitje no impression cm
my mind, except that I would like to know the
facts; jmd ! came immediately to the House, and
introduced a resolution of inquiry, which was '<
objected to.
Mr. LETCHER. By whom ? ,
Mr. LOVEJOY. By gentlemen all around who I
vote \yitht-he Administration—by Mr. Mavnard,
and others whom I cannot call by name. The |
matter went on till the debute came up; and I ]
stated distinctly thg foci, that I introduced the |
resolution, and ti^at it was objected to; and I had i
to blunder on in the dark the best way I could._ j
Mr. MAYlNfARD. The gentleman will permit j
n)e to' state that 1 objected to the form of the res- j
olution, not to the substance.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The why or wherefore is no
matter. I state the fact simply to show my con-
nection with this. I did not choose to give the
name, because I had no authority to do so; al-
though there was nothing private, either express
or implied, in relation to it.
And now, in regard to the correctness of the
statement. The statement in regard to the horses
. by every one of the two hundred and thir-
ty.-two members of tbg House.
Now, all I desire to say is this. As I under-
stood the latter part of the gentleman's remarks,
he was complaining, not that a contract for cattle
was -made, bu t that the Secretary of War released
a man from the contract because he could not get
to the place in time to deliver the cattle.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the gentleman does
not find fault with what I was saying, when I was
cut off right in the middle.
Mr. LETCIXER. No; I do not find fault with it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. You must take the whole of it.
Mr. LETCHER. But, I say this—and I leave
the House to judge whether the fact is not as I
state—that under a contract to deliver cattle at
six dollars a hundred net, at Port Leavenworth,
47 50 at Fort Laramie, six hundred miles further,
and #10 5Q at Utah, twelve hundred miles fur-
ther, any man who knows anything of the price
of beef must come to theconclusion that this con-
tract would have been an immense loss to the
party that made it. He might, perhaps, have
saved himself in the delivery at Fort Leaven-
worth, where the distance for transportation is
short, but he would have incurred immense loss
by the delivery at Fort Latamie at $1 50 more,
and at Utah at $4 50 more.
Now, in regard to this other matter. The Sec-
retary of War reports the fact that the quarter-
master and the party with whom he was alleged
to have made the contract for the sale of corn at
St. Louis, disagreed in regard to the price, and
that, in consequence of that disagreement, no con-
tiact was made.
As to the other matter on which the gentleman
made a point in his remarks—he says that when
he proposed to introduce li is resolution of inquiry,
it was objected to. I was not aware till now by
suueineut. ilic ill II untu ... M.,, ...ML  , ...   ,wl>-, !■
has proved to be true—that just such a contract : whom objection was made; but 1 am cci tain that
I . . _ ■' . . i.i.i.. .. . i «^   U.,i Ka^w os it? h <"> n t h r
has been made; and, as I understand, in the way
stated, by an order going outfiom the cuartcr-
master's department to make contracts with A, B,
ami C,and to give them so much per head. There
is no evidence here that just such an order has
not gone out for the contract for corn at ninety-
eight cents, to be given to cei tain parties. I grant ;
you that no such contract has been retained. I,
of course, am bound to believe, and do believe, ;
that no such contract has been sent to the depart- ,
ment But I did not understand the ropes sufii- j
eiently well to inquire whether an order of that |
kind had been issued; so that by-and-by there j
may be a report of the contract made as stated. I
do not know that it is so. I do not know that it
is not so. But I know this, that the statementin
reference to the horses has proved correct, and
that the statement m reference to the mode in
which the contracts are made has proved correct;
and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Under-
wood] who interrupted me, was kind enough to
correct himself since. 1 need not make any re-
mark in regard to that.
Now, in regard to these returns: we ask for the
contracts, ami they send in a statement here which
answers the demand of the resolution about as
well as the return of askeleton would answerthe
demand for the man. It may lie very good as a
study of comparative anatomy, but it does not
answer the demand, and is not the contract. But
there is sent in an old dead contract which is stated
to be annulled, and I presume it is.
The contract of the 22d of March, with Arm-
istead and Reid, is annulled. Who cares any-
thing about those annulled contracts > We want
the living contracts. The contractors said that the
spring was so backward they could not get the
cattle there; and so the contract was extended.
Avery backward spring this, everybody knows!
Remarkably so! And they sent in a piteous,
plaintive cry to the Secietary of War: " Extend
this contract for the delivery of that which we
are to deliver at Fort Laramie."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. This five-minute rule is a
very short allowance, but I think it is long enough
for me to reply to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Has the gentleman the right 1
to speak again, under the rule?
Mr. LETCHER. X expect he has.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Because, if he has not, I ob- ,
ject. He did not let me answer him. :
Mr. LETCHER I agreed to place myself, if
my time was extended, in a position to he iriterrn-
I did not'object to it. Hut besides, when that
resolution was introduced on Monday, no objec-
tion was made to it. The answer came m prompt-
ly at the meeting of the House on Tuesday. I
do irol see that there has been any attempt at con-
cealment, or that anything has been attempted to
be covered up in connection with this matter; and
so far as I can judge from the papers presented,
and from anything that I know in private con-
versation, I take this occasion to say here that
the conduct of the War Department has been fair,
manly, and above-board. I have seen no dispo-
sition to withhold information from the gentleman
from Illinois, or any other person applying for it.
The gentleman himself must say that there was
no attempt to cover anything up, but that begot
what he applied for. .
Mr. QUITMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the ninetieth line:
Mkc. a. Be it fuither cnaclcd, That to meet the extraor-
dinary expenses growing out ot' the erudition to Utah,
which have licen incurred <md may still occur before tiie
termination ot" tile present fiscal year, the s-uua of $5,400,000
be appropriated foi the lollovving puiposes:
My object, Mr. Chairman, in offering this
, amendment, is to express my viewsupon the sub-
ject covered by it. I have looked upon this bill
with some degree of suspicion. 1 have always
felt a disposition to discourage bills to provide for
deficiencies; and it is only in consideration of the
emergency in which the country now stands that
I have come to the conclusion to vote for this item
of deficiency in reference to the Army, and I have
Utile doubt, if this bill were resolved into its sep-
arate elements, and the different elements brought
in as separate bills, very few gentlemen would be
found voting against it. The bill, it is true, is not
exclusively for supplying deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the year ending on the 30th of
June next. As such it is defective, and its title
does not express the objects covered by the bill.
But, sir, a great part of the appropriations con-
tained in this bill for the Army expenses are to
meet deficiencies for the Utah expedition, which
could not have been foreseen when the estimates
for the present fiscal year were made out; and
they are to meet an emergency which, as the gen-
tleman fiom the Committee of Ways and Means
who has charge of tins bill has staled, no man
who appreciates properly his duty to his country
call possibly avoid.
How could the President and Secretary of War,
after having determined upon their course ot ac-
tion, have done otherwise than incur these ex-
penses ? From "jyhat I hsve beard, there is not a
single contract which looks to me extravagant.
There may be; I do not speak definitely, for I
am not ipformed upon the subject, otherwise than
from the documents "vyhich have been sent to the
House. But so far as I have been able to judge
from the information before us, (and I have exam-
ined' it with some care,) I see nothing reprehensi-
ble upon the part of the Secretary of War. It was
his duty to make contracts for those provisions
in advance. Colonel Johnston informs us that ho
has not provisions to lagt beyond the 1st of May.
It was not to be expected, when the expenses weie
so heavy, that any contractor, without means pro-
vided by the Government, could provide himself
with the wagons necessary for transportation in
advance.
Then with these extraordinary causes produ-
cing the necessity which exists for these appropri-
ations, if the House intends to sustain the policy
of the President—and it hasalready voted to sus-
tain that policy by voting additional regiments of
troops for the Utah service—it is bound to vote
the appropriations contained in this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. QUITMAN then, by unanimous consent,
. withdrew his amendment.
| Mr. COLFAX. I move, in line one hundred
| and thirteen, toamend, byreducing tlieappropria-
! tion to $3,000,000. It strikes me as singular,
' that when these large appropriations are aiked
for by the Administration, none of their author-
ized exponents on this floor have seen fit to inform
us whether this is a warlike or peaceful expedition
to the Territory of Utah. Is Utah in a state of
rebellion? Is it in a state of war ? The Govern-
ment should inform us whether it is or not. Long
since, this House sent a resolution upon this sub-
; ject to the Committee on Territories, headed by
'the gcn'leman fiom Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
the political leader of that side of the House, yet
we have icceived no report from them, and no fur-
ther information from the Executive.
Now, I desire to ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher,] who has charge of this
bill, another question. The latest advices from
California give information that a son of the late
Judge Kane, of Philadelphia, was at Sail Bernar-
dino, in the southern part of California; that he
stated that he was an agent of the Administia-
tion, with official dispatches for the Croverpor of
Utah, and offering f1,500 to any one who would
take him to Salt Lake City within a certain num-
ber of days.
Whether the statement is true or false, I do not
know. I know lie is the son of a gentleman who
was, inhislifelimo, one of the most decided friends
of the Administration in the State of Pennsylva-
nia, the late United States Judge Kane. As the
gentleman from Virginia stands in this House,
upon this bill, in the position of the Chancellor of
the Exchequer in ihc British Parliament, to obtain
the money necessary for the use of the Govern-
ment, and is supposed to know the views of the
Administration he represents, I desire to know
if he has been apprised of any private dispatches
having been sent to the Governor of Utah ? I wish
to know if the Administration has sent a messen-
ger to enter there by the back door with one kind
of a message, while they ask us to vote eight or
ten millions to enable the troops to enter at the
front door with another ostensible object? If they
are making any attempt to come to an arrange-
ment by this back-door piocess, it is but right
Congress should know it. It is true, they have a
piecedent for such a proceeding in a former Ad-
ministration, of which the present Executive was
a Cabinet minister, which, while they sent an
army and fleet to enter Mexico at the front door,
sent'a pass to Santa Anna, through the fleet which
blockaded the coast, to let him ou tat the back door.
I desire to nik the gentleman from Virgimn if he
is aware <■ .mv private dispatches by the Admin-
istration. l>v which they are carrying on a nego-
tiation with the Mormons through a private ar-
rangement, while they are asking us to make these
extraoidinary impropriations ?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know whether anjr_
dispatches have been sent to the Governoi Oi
Utah. 1 have not heard of it before now; nor aiu
I know that Mr. Kane, or anybody else, had car-
ried any dispatches there. .
1 will call the gentleman's attention to a little
matter which will preclude the necessity of my
