2548
THE CON&BESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
of their property for the purpose of keeping them-
selves alive; anci I say now, sir, that the whole of |
,,lhe $150,000 estimated for by the superintendent
■Will be needed to purchase their peace.
f Permit me to read here extracts from letters
and other sources, that I have in my possession,
in order to show the condition of our Indian rela-
tions in that Territory, that gentlemen and the
committee may know the necessity of this appro-
priation, as asked for by the superintendent.
in a letter which I received from S. M. Yost,
Esq., present Indian agent of the Pueblos in tiie
Territory, dated February 14, 1858, he says:
" [ have sent John Ward off to-day to the Navajo conn-
try to examine into an alleged muiderofsome Mexicans by
the Navajoes; and the hteainviof sheep, &c. Colonel liar-
ley Je resignation, I fear, will have a bad effect on those In-
dians. He was forced, howevei, to leave ; he had no money
to meet the demands of his agency, and the Indians weie
constantly pressing upon hun for food-'1'
Further on, in the same letter, he says:
" I very much fear we will have trouble with the Indians
this coming spiin^. There is much restlessness among thorn,
and an evident deposition to be quariehome. General Gar-
land, however, is on the qui rire, and will arrest any incip-
ient symptoms. I expect he will have to make a campaign
against the Navajoes this spinig or summer."
I will read, also, an extract from the Santa Fe
Gazette, dated February 20, 1858, which is as
follows:
"This tube of Indians [speaking of the Navajop^] have
suffered much during the winter for want of provisions.
Last year their ciops were a failuie. Ileietoloie they have
generally raised enough produce to suppoit tnemsei v<\s com-
fortably ; and consequently it has nut been the pohey of the
Government to feed them to such an extent a> other tribes
of this superintendeney. They will have to be fed, or their
hiifiVrlng will be great. It h thought that a special ayent
will have to he sent among them, in the absence of a legular
agent. This policy, it is believed, will have to be adopted
immediately, in order to prevent depredation*. They must
either be led, or they will have to steal or to ^taivo."
t have here also a letter from Don .Tone L.
Perea, a leading and influential citizen in the Ter-
ritory, and upon whose statement can be placed
implicit reliance. I will read:
bern\ntt,r.o, March 30,1853.
Sir: Bv the nThil which arrived lioie on the 10th mutant,
I received joi^r favor, dated Januaiy l"iih.
The N.ivajo Indians, duung the last month, have boon
committing depiedations upon the citizens in vauous purls
of our Aotiuer, bv stealing their piopeity, and by killing
some of them. The latest information which vvc have re-
ceived is, that the Navajoe* have attacked, nearthe Pueblo
of Jmoz, a heal of Jive stock, and have ditmi oft*a num-
ber of tiie horses, mans, and mules belonging to said Pue-
blo. In Abujum, a few day-* suiee, the same Indians "?<>!«
two thousand head of owes; and the rumor is now afloat
that Hie \av:i|oes have deflated war. H mich be the case,
sir. what e.in we, the citizens ot ihi- Tei utoiy, do with i e-
pnfd to tin5 mallei? Nothing. absolutely nothing! The
FecJeial tioop*, j,ome at least, have been sent lor sei vice to
Utah, to attend to the Wonnons who it i< believed have
had something to do with the di>tui banco on the part of the
Navajo Indians The other tribes of Indians which sni-
rffumi in threaten ih d.tdv al-o , and it is impossible to say
what will befall oui mtei eMs dui nig the coming >-i\ months.
Hon. M. A. Oti-.ko.
I might read many more extracts, sir, from dif-
ferent other sources of respectability, which I have
in my possession, but which I do not desire to
occupy the time of the committee in reading, as
what has been road ought, and 1 trust will, satisfy
the committee with regard to the action it ought
to take upon this matter. I think that the appro-
priation asked for by the superintendent should
be granted.
I am not advocating, sir, here the necessity of
this appropriation of *U50,U0U, lor tiie reason, as
some gentlemen might suppose, that it is to be
expended in the Territoiy of New Mexico, and
because my fellow-citizcns expect to derive any
benefit from it. No, sir, far from that. The whole
appropriation cannot enrich the people of New
Mexico, nor anv poiiion, nor any one of them.
It is well known, sir, that the Government has
adopted the policy of feeding the fndian tribes
living within its territoiial bunts. In New Mex-
ico we have some tlmty-two thousand Indians,
for whom it ts asked to be-appropriated the pit-
tance of $150,000, being a fraction less than ii\e
dollars a year per head, about forty cents per
month for each Indian, one cent and one thud
pet ihty for eveiy Indian. So far as I am con-
cerned, sir, and I am authorized to speak for the
people of New Mexico, it is our wish that the
Gov-->i inYient had never immguiated wueh apolicy.
I wuh you had coerced them, as you ought to do,
to settie in military reservations, and there compel
them to work ior their bread, and gain their live-
lihood "by the sweat of the brow," as every
creatureof Heaven is bound todov;and you ought
not, sir, to ignominiously •purchase their peace*
and, by feeding them, put a price upon indolence.
I confess I have no sickly sympathy for a thief
of any kind, and of any race, much less for a set
of men who are called Indians, but who are not
only thieves but murderers. Why they should
be treated with consideration,-and even go so far
as to allow them a price, as it were, for the prop-
erty and blood of our citizens, I cannot compre-
hend, nor can anybody who has any sense at.all,
and who understands and appreciates the charac-
ter of our present roving tribes of Indians. But
I will not argue this point now.
Mr. Chairman, there are now about thirty-two
thousand Indians under the superintendeney of
New Mexico, within ten thousand of the whole
number comprehended underthe superintendeney
of Oregon and Washington Territories. The ap-
propriation which I ask for is, indeed, insignifi-
cant and almost useless, specially so when it is
reduced to one half, which allows for every In-
dian a little less than two dollars and fifty cents a
year, about twenty cents per month,and notonc
cent per day. I have here, sir, the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, of March 24, 1858,
transmitting' " a communication from the Secre-
tary of tiie Interior, with supplemental estimates
of funds icquired for the Indian service upon the
Pacific coast, and in remote Territories upon
either side of the Rocky Mountains, for the next
fiscal year; also, estimates for deficiencies for the
same service for the year ending June 30, 3858,
together with such transcripts of correspondence
between the Indian office and its agents, as it is
thought maybe serviceable in explanation of the
same. I find m it, sir, the following estimates:
u For general incidental expenses of the Indian ^oivice
in the Terutoiv of Oio on, &c , $50,700.
"•For adm-ting difficulties and preventing outbieaks
anion" the Indiana m the Temtory ol Oregon, $12,500.
For deitavini? nu ulentdl expenses of removal and sub
H--teneo ol lndiaiw in Oicion Tcrutoiy to Indian ieserva-
tioiu. (Iieiein, &.e.,
Total amount asked to be appropriated for Or-
egon, 4,294,200, wluch, when reduced one half, is
almost as much as the whole appropriation re-
quired for New Mexico, without reduction.
Washington Territory is put down as follows:
<c For general incidental expen«es of the Indian service
in the Touitoiv of W<u-hm«ton, Sic.. $30,000
u For adjusting difficulties and preventm? outbreaks
amou^ tile Indians m NWedunyton Temtorv, $12,500.
<• Foi defiaying the expenses of the lemuval and subsist-
ence <>i the Indians! m Washington Temtoiy to the reserva-
tions theiein, &.c., $Ud>0l)0."
Total, $171,500, being $21,500 more than the
entire appropriation asked for New Mexico. X
admit that this estimate, also, has been reduced
by the Committee of Ways and Means one half;
but even then, it exceeds the reduced estimate for
New Mexico, $10,750.
I do not desire, sir, to make any invidious com-
parison between these Territories and the one I
have the honor to represent upon this floor. But
justice to my Territory and to myself, requires me
to state something more here, m order that you
may see and judge whether the reduction made in
the case of New Mexico is right and proper under
all the circumstances.
What, sir, is the number of Indians under each
superintendeney m these Territories? From a
letter that I have received fiom the Secretaiy of
the Interior, the number of Indians now under the
superintendeney of Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritories, is estimated at forty-two thousand; that
of Now Mexico at thirty-two thousand. Divide
foity-two thousand among the two Territories;
and give, for the sake of argument, Oregon thirty
thousand and Washington twelve thousand, which
probably may be a fair proportion, and 1 ask im-
partial and fair-minded gentlemen here, whether
the proportion of appropriation between New
; Mexico and those Tcrritones, even after the re-
duction made by the committee, is equal ? If Ore-
gon has thirty thousand Indians—-which, for the
sake of argument, I have allowed—why, I ask,
give her for her Indian purposes, even as reduced
by the committee, $147,100 ? being, as I have said
aheady, almost as much as the entire estimate
asked to be appropriated by the superintendent
of New Mexico for Indian purposes m that Ter-
ritory.
But this is not all. Washington I allowed
twelve thousand Indians,and she,accoidmgtothe
amount allowed by the committee, gets <^5,750,
$10,750 more than New Mexico, which has thirty-
two thousand Indians. Now, sir, I ask, is it right,
is it fair? I ask for nothing more than justice,
and that justice which ought always to be meted
out to equals. You have established a policy to-
wards your Indian tribes: carry it out. I repeat,
sir, I do not ask for this money because it is to
be expended in New Mexico, and thereby to put
money in the purses of any of my constituents.
No, sir. They, as well as I, scorn it. All that
we ask, since you will not whip the Indians into
submission, and make them work for their bread,
is to carry out your policy of feeding them, and
do not come here now with the disgraceful ex-
cuse that you reduce the appropriations asked for
because there is ho money in the Treasury; for it
is unworthy of this great and mighty Govern-
ment, to say the least. What! will you let the
powerful nations of Europe—your rivals—and
the whole world know that you are bankrupt,
and thereby unable, for want of means, to carry
out any policy that you may have inaugurated?
If it is so, I can only express my regret to know
that fact; and that it is so, the"daily cry of the
gentlemen from the Committee of Ways and
Means against all sorts of appropriations outside
of the regular ones, proves it. But,'for the honor
of the Government, I hope it is not so. I ask this
appropriation, sir, in good faith, and I hope the
committee will grant it. It is but a matter of jus-
tice and of humanity to the starving Indians in
New Mexico. With these remarks, sir, I ask
for a vote upon my amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman, the
appropriation, as estimated for, was as the gen-
tleman from New Mexico [Mr. Otero] has stated.
The whole of this appropriation has arisen from
a new policy adopted by the Government in its
intercourse with the various Indian tribes. The
old system was to treat with the Indians, and then
act m accordance with the treaty stipulations en-
tered into with them. The new system in the
mam is good and benevolent. The Indians are
collected together prior to the making of treaties
with them. They are taught to cultivate the soil
and follow in the steps of civilized life. There
they are treated with all kindness and humanity.
The policy is, I think, for the benefit both of the
Indians and the white settler. They are permit-
ted to remain there until Congress is ready to
negotiate treaties with them. There can be, of
couise, no limits prescribed in appropriation bills,
except in so far as the exigencies of the case may
demand. I have no doubt that the policy is a
good one, if carried out, and that it would be still
better if all the Indians in our States and Terri-
tories could by this sort of humane treatment, be
brought to settle upon fixed reservations and
placed under the control of the Government. This
policy has only recently been inaugurated. In
the case of New Mexico, the sum estimated for
was a large one, and in view of the straitened re-
sources of the Treasury, it was the opinion of
the Committee of Ways and Means that $75,000
would answer for the next fiscal year. 1 have no
doubt that it is equal to the demand. There is no
basis for the appiopnation at all, other than this
policy which has been established, and which has
frequently been indorsed by Congress. I con-
sulted with the acting Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and he admitted that they could get along,
with prudent management, with the sum appro-
priated in thp bill, during the next fiscal year,
j The question was taken on the amendment, and
) it was disagreed to.
Mr. BRYAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line ninety-six:
j i And the Secretary of the Interior i^ hereby authorized to
;! accept and &urvey th" Indian reservation designated by the
; i act oi the Legislatuie of the State ot Texa^, appioved Feb-
:! rumy 1. ioofi, and to appoint an Indian agent loi &aid res-
1 ervation.
: Mr. Chairman, I will state in reference to the
!| amendment which I have offered* that the State of
'! Texas designated five leagues of laud, to be located
j on the west of tiie Pecos river. There has been an
appropriation made already for the Indians of
; Texas; and this asks noadditional appropriation,
but merely authorizes the Secretary of the Interior
to accept that reservation, and to appoint an agent
; for the purpose of collecting the Indians upon it.
! It asks not a cent of money, but merely author-
izes the Secretary of the Interior :o execute the
: act of Texas.
