438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
labor and freemen's rights. They not only would
have wiped out border-ruffianism from the Terri-
tory of Kansas, but there would have been a ter-
rible account to be settled with some of those
border towns in Missouri. Well for you, sir,
well for those ruffians on the borders, that the
United States troops were there," for that account
would have been settled ere this but for their
presence. If he desires them to be away, why not
vote with us to-day to take them away ? l will
most cordially unite with him in voting for a bill
to remove every soldier from that Territory to-
morrow. If he is in earnest, let him introduce
such a bill, and I will guaranty him every vote
from this side of the Chamber.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think the last
speech that has been made must be very effective
on the proposition before the Senate. I do not
think the United States Senate can fail, under
such an argument as has been offered by the gen-
tleman who has just taken his seat, to see that
the opposition springs from the purpose, in civil
war, of shedding blood on the soil of the United
States. I feci sorrow—sorrow too deep for anger,
at speeches which invoke civil war among the peo-
ple of the United States, and at such idle boasting
as vaunts the triumph of one party by the immo-
lation of the other, and recounts who would have
been killed. I have 110 heart for such a contro-
versy. I have no wish that any two of my fellow-
citizens should be brought in collision as combat-
ants in civil war; and I had supposed that I but
uttered a sentiment which must be common to the
Senate, when I spoke in terms of gratification, that
the troops had been able to prevent that collision
in Kansas. If the announcement of the opposi-
tion to this bill is that the increase of the Army
will but increase the means of the Government
to prevent the shedding of blood in civil war,
who is there that hears me who is bold enough
to look his countrymen in the face, and say he
voted against a bill acknowledging such to be its
cffect ?
I hope that we shall take a vote on this bill. If
the sense of the Senate be against it, let us know
it. I have no desire to prolong the discussion. I
have no desire to enter into subjects which are to
provoke crimination and recrimination. Points
have been raised in the course of the debate which
I think I could satisfactorily answer, and yet I
trust it is unnecessary. Again and again it has
been said that no reason was offered for this vast
increase of the Army. It is no vast increase.
Again, it has been said that we cannot reducc
the Army, if we once increase it. Why, sir, a
campaign will reduce the Army. The law itself will
cause all the reduction which is necessary. Those
companies that may start on the campaign with
ninety-six privates in the spring, will come back
with some twenty-five or thirty, and when they
return to garrison posts in the interior of the coun-
try, the President will be limited by the estab-
lished organization of the Army, and cannot again
by recruits fill them up to this number of ninety-
six. If there be any objection to that, strike out
the second section. And now, if Senators will
give me their attention, I will endeavor to explain
what I believe will bf the effect of striking out the
first section. Recruits will be sent in bodies, in-
stead of being distributed among the companies,
and when those bodies of recruits reach their des-
tined posts they will find the companies so reduced
that the recruits will only bring them up to seventy-
lour. I think this is a fair, open proposition; but
if there beany objection to this authorized strength
—if gentlemen start at the aggregate number you
may authorize undti it. s'rike out the second sec-
tion. I do notknow.that it will diminish the force
really, but you will change the form. Men will
be recruited and distributed m bodies as recruits,
but probably iho number will be about the same.
i]ut the proposition pending is to strike out the
first section. That I hope will not be done, for
i believe it will materially impair the efficiency of
the Army.
But, sir, as to this " vast increase" which it is
said we ate about to make—what is it? In 1819,
Mr. Calhoun, then Secretary of War, speaking
of our northwestern frontier, said, " it is 011 that
frontier only that we have much to fear from In-
dian hostilities*" The organized strength of the
Army was then ton thousand; the extent of the
northwestern frontier, reckoning from St. Louis
up to the mouth of the St. Peters, thcace across
to Green Bay, thencc to Mackinaw, and up to
Sault Ste. Marie, and from Mackinaw down to
the present site of Chicago, was about twelve
huna red miles. This was the whole amount of
our Indian frontier at that period. Now we have
six thousand five hundred miles of Indian frontier.
Moreover, under the old army, commonly known
as the Adams's army, as far back as 1798, the
strength was four thousand one hundred and fifty-
nine, and in the region of country which was then
garrisoned by that army of four thousand one
hundred and fifty-nine, we have, by the present
distribution of troops, only eight hundred and
sixty-nine officers and men,all told. The increase
of the Army has been the consequence of the
steady increase of our territory, the rapid increase
of our frontier, and the rapid augmentation of the
Indian tribes with whom we have been brought
in contact. The garrisons which once furnished
our fortifications along the sea-board have been
ordered into the interior. Posts which were ad-
vantageously and economically held up to 1821,
and from that time down to 1842, have been neces-
sarily disbanded, and an increase of the Army is
necessary,under any contingencies I can foresee,
to give the same relative strength we had in 1798.
Nor is this all. The garrisoning of these posts,
I consider essentially necessary for safety against
any sudden incursions, if we are to apprehend
difficulty in the future contingency of a foreign
war. Wc require these garrisons to be in a state
of instruction. You may acquire for your troops
hardihood and fortitude, by sending them to wan-
der over mountains and vast plains against the
Indians; but what becomes of your artillery in-
struction ? What becomes of yourcavalry instruc-
tion ? What becomes of that thorough training and
preparation which enables a country to go to war
effectively, when war is declared ? All lost to the
employment of your military forces to perform
the police duties that belong to a state of peace.
If that be the only purpose for which gentlemen
are willing to maintain the Ai'my, they may say
" leave our forts ungarrisoned;',but if, following
the wise counsel of our ancestors, they determine
to keep up the military information of the coun-
try, to maintain the science of the United States
in military affairs to the standard of the European
countries, it is necessary that they should have
their troops so stationed that they may be all the
time undergoing instruction, and preparing them-
selves for the higher demands of war.
1 wish in this connection to refer to the author-
ity of one who was wisest among the statesmen
I have known, and who in all his public action
was influenced by a policy which knew no leaning
to men or to section; who was a devotee oftruth,
whose steps were always directed toward that
as the one great object for which he strove; who
because of his devotion to truth was made the
object of assault throughout the long period of
his life, and died without attaining that elevation
which his character, his genius, his services to
the country justly entitled him—need I say that
1 refer to Calhoun ! In a report which he made
when Secretary of War to the Houfse of Repre-
sentatives, in 1820, on the subject of organization,
he used thefollowing language. I shall read only
a single paragraph:
<• To give Mich an organization (on the pcace establish-
ment) the leading principles in its formation ought to he,
that at the commencement of hostilities there should be
nothing either to new model or to crcate. The only differ-
ence, consequently, between the peaec and the war form-
ation of the Aimy ought to be in the increased magnitude
of the latter; and the only change in passing from the former
to the latter, should consist in giving to it the augmentation
which will then be necessary."
That is the opinion to which ? alluded yester-
day when speaking of the skeleton peace estab-
lishment. If I had been devising a bill to present
my own individual opinion—and I shall be per-
mitted to say so on account of the reference which
has been made to my opinion—I should not have
drawn exactly the bill which is before us; but I
have concurred fully with the committee in the
propriety of presenting the bill in this form, as that
which would give efficiency to the public service,
and as that which we might hope to obtain. If I
had been preparing a bill merely to express my
own views, I would have added three regiments
to the permanent peace establishment of the Army,
and would have given to each regiment, under
present circumstances, twelve companies; and
then have provided that when the exigencies of
the service would permit, or at some particular
day, if desired, each regiment should be reduced
to eight companies; and this would have reduced
the whole military strength tosomethingless than
it now is, but with a different organization,and, I
believe, greater efficiency. Then I would have
conferred on the President power, upon a decla-
ration of war, which is the act of Congress, to
add a third battalion to each regiment then in ser-
vice, and thus have provided for an efficient Army
in the commencement of hostilities, of from thirty-
five to forty thousand men. As is argued in this
report—I shall not detain the Senate by reading
further from it—this would save us from the great
loss, both of money and of honor, which is in-
volved on the country by being precipitated into
a war without a regularly disciplined and in-
structed army. Mr. Calhoun, fresh from the con-
templation of all the consequences that belonged
to our entering into the war of 1812 without prep-
aration, made this report, and his mind shed such
light upon it that 110 one since that, in attempting
organization, has been able to depart from the
great principles which he laid down without stul-
tifying himself.
Hut, sir, it is argued that if we raise volunteers
they can be got rid of. Yes, sir, and we can get
rid of the Treasury of the United States in the same
way: we can keep its organization, but empty its
coffers. I have, since the debate of yesteraay,
on account of the manner in which this point was
pressed, looked into the expenditures within the
last few years for the raising of volunteers. Here
let me state that the employment of that species
of force may be considered in many instances as
equivalent to a proposition to exterminate the In-
dians, and that the employment of that species of
force, coming as they must, with all their border
animosities, and excitement against the people of
Utah or Kansas, would be but a means of shed-
ding the largest amount of blood that could be
drawn under the circumstances of the case.
In looking into these ^expenditures I find that
in the last few years there have been large appro-
priations made by Congress. By the act of July
19, 1854, for what is known as the Rogue river
war against the Indians in Oregon, an indefinite
sum was appropriated, and under that act there
has been expended $167,922 25. By the act of
August 4, 1854, in reimbursement of the State of
California, there was appropriated $924,259 65,
of which there has been expended $864,008 37.
The only reason why the whole of it was not ex-
pended was on account of the defective form of
the certificates which they produced in some in-
stances, and the failure to produce them in others.
All of it, however, I have no doubt will go. Then
the act of September 30,1850, for the Texas vol-
unteers,appropriated $72,000. For New Mexico,
in 1851, you appropriated $135,530 20; for Texas
in the same year, $236,934 34; for Florida in the
same year, <$75,000. In 1852 there was appro-
priated for Texas $80,714; for New Mexico in
1857, $223,090. Then for the pay department
alone, in 1856 and 1857, the cost of paying the
Florida volunteers was $279,746 85, and the esti-
mates just prepared by the pay department for
the payment of these Florida volunteers, suppos-
ing them now to be disbanded, are $385,000, and
if they be again mustered into service there will
be required $385,000 more. There have been ex-
pended in the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington, in the years 1855 and 1856 as adjudicated
by the board of commissioners, $5,931,424 78.
These items make a total of $8,836,397 79.
This is the expenditure which results from these
men being brought irregularly into service. It
is sound economy, and has been so demonstrated
by reports which have been laid on the table
of the Senate, to raise the regular force to what-
ever the exigencies of the country may demand, *
and I cannot admit that it is not m the power of
Congress to reduce that force whenever that ex-
igency has passed. We have too many instances
in our military history to leave that question open.
We have had reduction after reduction, some of
them very unwisely made; as, for instance, by
the act of March 3, 1815, fixing the peace estab-
lishment, the strength of the Army was reduced
to ten thousand, at which it remained down to
the time of the further reduction in 1821—a pe-
riod when it reached its lowest figure, and from
which, soon afterwards, it slowly began to rise
There was a regiment added in 1823; another in
