1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1525
saying anything more. I find that the. gentleman
voted for "this preamble on the 23d day of Decem-
ber, 1857:
'• Whereas, it appears from tlie proclamation of Brigham
Young, late Governor of the Temtory of Utah, from the
President's message, and from later developments, that that
Territory is now in open rebellion against the Government
of the United States," &c.
The gentleman must have had some reason for
the vote he gave at that time; and there was asep-
arate vote on the adoption of that preamble by
yeas and nays. The President had so reported
the fact here;the House so voted; and it seems to
me that, as it was so adopted with tlie gentleman's
concurrence, he ought to be now satisfied that
there is rebellion there.
Mr. COLFAX. I withdraw my amendment,
and move another, reducing the appropriation to
$2,000,000.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I wish to state that the Chancellor of the
Exchequer in this House is the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. J. GlancY Jones] and not the
gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a question of
privilege.
Mr. tOLFAX. I desire to say that when the
Administration, or the Committee of Ways and
Means, selects any gentleman here to represent
the Administration on a money bill,as they have
the gentleman from Virginia in this case, 1 regard
him pro tempore in the same official position to-
wards this House as the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer in the British Parliament, when asking
appropriations^ for support of his administration.
Let me answer the gentleman from Virginia on
another point. 1 voted for that preamble to the
resolution of reference to the Committee on Ter-
ritones. That was in December; and yet, here
in April, although they have a majority of two to
one oil the committee to which it was referred for
action, they have not seen fit to report their views
on the question involved, or to tell us whether
the Delegate from Utah represents a Territory
in open rebellion, and is entitled to a seat on this
floor. Why this suppression, this stifling of the
matter in the committee-room? The gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] is the political
leader nf that side of the House, and he, as chair-
mail of that committee, had power to make a re-
port on this question at any day, or any hour of
the day, for it is a privileged question.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 cannot tell what the Com-
mute on Territories are about, or why they have
not reported. It is a matter I had nothing to do
with. My business was to prepare this bill, or
to aid in its preparation, to bring it into the House,
and, believing' it to be right, to vote for its pas-
pane. If the gentleman from Indiana will call on
the chairman of the Committee on Territories, or
any one of its members, he may obtain the in-
formation which he seeks. Not expecting to be
called upon as to the action of other committees,
I have not posted myself on those matters.
Mr. HUGHES. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Territories, I should like to answer the
gentleman's inqunies.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has aright
to make a speech of five minutes, in answer.
M r. MORGAN. Was not the amendment op-
posed by tlie gentleman from Virginia'
Tlie CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana yielded the floor to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, to answer a question.
Mr. HUGHES. The inquiry which my col-
league has asked with such an air of triumph was
predicated on a misstatement of facts in the case.
My colleague states that this House has sent to
tiie Committee on Territories an inquiry as to
whether the Territory of Utah is m rebellion or
not. That is not so. This House has voted that
that Territory was in a state of rebellion; and that
gentleman from Indiana voted for it, and spoke
in favor of it, and regretted the necessity which
rested upon him, on that occasion, to differ from
lus great leaders, the late member from Massa-
chusetts, Mr. Banks, and some others. The in-
quii y which was referred to that committee was,
as to' whether the Delegate from Utah, being the
representative of a Territory now in a state of re-
bellion, had a right to hold a seat upon this floor.
That was the inquiry; and it was an inquiry con-
cerning n matter of law, and not a matter of fact;
an<l, if the gpntleimn and his associates and con-
federates had permitted this House to pass to tlie
legitimateeubjects of legislation, and had not con-
tinually occupied its attention with the everlast-
ing question of Kansas, the Committee on Terri-
tories would have answered that inquiry long ago.
Mr. COLS'AX. I will ask my colleague a ques-
tion. I would like to know how many sp&eches
he has made on Kansas, and whether he Was" riot
about the first one to open the ball ? [Laughter.]
Mr. HUGHES. I was not the first one that
took the floor. The first one was the little-giant
from the State of Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] who spoke
an hour on the other side. I occupied some fifteen
minutes in answer to him. Week after week was
taken up by the other side of the House, my col-
league among the number. I occupied my hour
in the Committee of the Whole the night before
the filial vote was taken, and after almost every
other gentleman had spoken. If that gentleman
wants to be instructed on the Kansas question,
and will faithfully attend to my speeches, I will
promise to make a convert of him. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. I have great respect for the
ability of my colleague, jut I will inform him
that he might as well save his labor, if he means
to make a convert of me.
Mr. HUGHES. Why, sir, it has been done
already; for, a short time ago, the gentleman de-
clared upon this floor that he would not vote for
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, or any slavery constitution, if her
whole people desired it; yet a few days ago he
recorded his vote in favor of that measure; and I
take to myself the credit of having converted him.
[Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
| Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to re-
duce the appropriation from "§5,000,000," to
I "$3,000,000."
j Mr. GREENWOOD. Inasmuch as remarks
have been made foreign to the pending amend-
ments, I desire to call the attention of the Chair
to the fact that gentlemen are required by the rule
to speak to their amendments, and I shall insist
upon the enforcement of that rule.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will be ex-
pected to confine their remarks to explanations
of or opposition to amendments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
that this bill, so far as it relates to the appropria-
i tions for the Army is predicated upon the hypoth-
] esis that Congress would carry out the recom-
mendation of ihe President of the United States
for an increase of the Army, or of the military
force of the country, by adding at least five regi-
> ments to the military power of the country. I
j would like to inquire of the gentleman from Vir-
I gmia if that be so or not?
! Mr. LETCHER. No, sir.
I Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 'The gentleman
! says it is not. I had that impression, Mr.Chair-
! man. It seems to me that it is very strange that
' the Administration should not have asked for
| supplies, and for the means of supporting the
] Army which they had declared to us was abso-
! lately necessary to be raised. But ll seems that
when they were saying to Congress that it was
necessary to increase the Army, or the military
force of the country, and were also bringing in a
deficiency bill which it was supposed would cover
all the deficiencies of that branch of the public
service until next July, they made ne provision
whatever for this increased expenditure. That,
I suppose, is a specimen of the wisdom and pru-
dence with which affairs are conducted by the
present Administration.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to this bill,
and I shall be obliged reluctantly to vote against it;
for the reason that it contains these provisions for
the Army. We are told that this increase of ex-
penditures has been occasioned in consequence of
the difficulties in Utah. Now, sir, I hold that the
President had no authority of law, not the slight-
est, to use the Army for the purposes for winch
he has used it in Utah. I challenge gentlemen
upon the other side to show me the slightest au-
thority of law for the President to make that use
of the Army which has occasioned the necessity
for this large increase, in the expenditures of this
branch of the Government? There is no such
authority. And, sir, I wish to say to tne com-
mittee, and to the country, that I will not vote to
1 justify the President in thus usurping powers that
did not belong to him. Nor can I see how any
gentlemen can vote for this appropriation for tlie
payment of expenses rendered necessary by the
usurpation of the Presidfetif.
Mr LETCHER obtaiiied the floor.
Mr. LO VEJOY. tlas the gentleman a right to
speak again ?
Mr. LETCHER. Ye®, sir; I have acKance
upon every rig# amendment. I am sorrjrtfisttlie
gentleman from Illinois seems io be so much dis-
turbed about me. I think I am one of the best-
tempered fellows in the World, anil I do not mean.
to do him any harm. [Laughter.]
The gentleman from M'airie [Mr. Washburn]
says that the President has exercised power and
authority not Warranted by law, arid thit no" rrtan
can rote for this bill without giving S direct sanc-
tion to that illegal exercise of power. Now, sir,
if the President has exercised unlawful powers,
what is the duty of this House ? Was it not the
province of that gentleman and the duty of that
gentleman, and of others \tfho entertain the same
opinion, to institute the necessary proceedings
here to test that question, and to bring the Pres-
ident up for punishment for violating the law's of
the land ? Why is it that four months of the ses-
sion have rolled away, and we hear now, for the
first time, of this exercise of illegal powers, when
an appropriation bill comes up, not to support the
President, but to support the Army, which is in
the wilds between here and Utah, to furnish to
them bread, and to give them the means of subsist-
ence ? Sir, it strikes me, that before the President
should be arraigned here, we should have some
act going to show that gentlemen's practice cor-
responds with their preaching. If the President
has done an illegal act, punish him for it, or take
steps to do it. But, instead of that, what do we
find here? We find gentlemen not only not pun-
ishing him, but absolutely sustaining him, that
they are voting him men—two additional regi-
ments—in order that the power to conduct this
campaign againstUtah may be increased and ren-
dered more efficient. Why was his course in-
dorsed by both Houses of Congress, as it has been
within the last day or two? The matter was a&
well understood then as it is now. If this usurp-
ation has been committed, it was known dien as
well as it is known now. It seems to me, then,
that the gentleman from Maine is rather too late
m the day; and if I thought as he thinks', I should
introduce a resolution here proposing to inquire
into the matter, and, if the Army has been inv-
properly sent there, demanding thatit shall be re-
called, and ordered to more suitable positions.
Mr. Washburn' 's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out from the point which we have now
reached in the bill down to the close of the Army
appropriations.
Sir, the bill under consideration is a bill to
raise a large sum of money to pay off deficiancies
in past appropriations. If we arc to riiake up
deficiencies where expenditures overrun appro-
priations we should first be very particularly in-
formed in regard to the specific items of the defal-
cation, and why it happened. We have had no
such information. The absence of this has'been
very well adverted to by several gentlemen on
this floor; and therefore I shall only allude_to it,
as this is alone a sufficient cause of opposition to
the passage of this bill. I say this alone is a con-
clusive objection to this bill. But, sir, I have
other objections to its passage. The reasons so
ably and clearly set forth by the honorable gen-
tleman from Louisiana are of a still more import-
ant character. Sir, I hold in my hand the Na-
tional Intelligencer of yesterday, containing a
brief synopsis of the remarks of the honorable
gentleman of Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] and I
wish to call the attention of the committee to them.
I am delighted to see that a gentleman so distin-
guished for his high legal attainments, a member
of the Administration side of this House, a mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee, rises above
party, and places himself on the true constitu-
tional ground; and I take great pleasure in saying
that I agree to every woid he said, and feel con-
fident that such sentiments will meet the approval
of my constituents.
'•Mr. Taylor, of Louisiana, objected to the bill as invoic-
ing a principle which' wouM lay the foundation ef mmtiny
bcrod eviK It was the duty of Congress to fill the public
Tioa^nrv. and to make appropuations therefrom for object^
ot puMic p-hey. It was the duty of tha Executive to expend
tiie appropriations for carrying out these objects. But when
