1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. For reasons al-
rpady stated, I am opposed to the amendment,
and ask for a vote.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is general debate
in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has not been closed
on this bill.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I desire to occupy
the attention of the committee for a short time.
I acknowledge it is with very great regret that I
feel myself constrained at this period of the ses-
sion to throw myself upon the indulgence of the
committee; but I shall be pardoned, I am quite
sure 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope my friend
from Virginia will defer his remarks until we have
gone through with this bill. I will take up an-
other bill immediately, and he can submit his re-
marks on that bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will yield with
that understanding.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Shaicnees.
For the fifth of seven annual installments in payment for
lands.pet thud article of the treaty 10th May, 1S5-1, $99,000,
the same having been omitted m the enrolling of the act
making appiopuations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian depaitmont, and lor fulfilling ttoaty
stipulations with vanous Indian tubes for the year" ending
Juno 30, 1830, approved May 5, 1858.
Mr. Chairman, the regular Indian appropria-
tion bill appropriated $100,000, as per the treaty-
provision referred to; but in the enrollment of tho
bill there was an omission, so as to leave the
amount only $1,000. This amendment is to sup-
ply that omission. In the letter of the Secretaiy
of the Interior is the following paragraph:
" I also have the honor to invite attention to what is pre-
sumed to be a cleucal euor m tin* act recently parsed
making appiopriation foi the expeiioc? oi the Indian toi vice,
by wnieli the sum ol 61.0J0 only i> nppiopnated foi paying
the filch of seven annual installments ot money in pavrnent
ot lands to the Shawnees, pei third ailtcle of the treaty of
10th May, 1854, instead of $100,000, as required by the
treaty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill having been read through,
Mr. J. GLANCY JOXTCS moved to lay aside
the bill, to be reported to the House with the
amendments, and with a recommendation that it
do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCIES IN INDIAN DEPARTMENT.
Mr. -T. GLANCY JONES. I now ask that bill
No. 555, to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending1 June 30,1658, be taken up, and that
the first reading be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY'JONES. I shall not now
occupy the time of the committee with any re-
marks on this bill, because, in my remarks on (he
other bill, I stated the character and nature of this
bill. It is for deficiencies in the Indian depart-
ment—on the Pacific coast mainly—and for some
few other items relative to the Indian department,
and to the Indians m some other sections of the
country.
Mr. SMITH, of Vhginia. I am unaffected
when I assure the corrarrittce that I rise to tres-
pass on us time, at this late period of the session,
with extreme reluctance, because the subjcct to
which I intend to refer has an age which ought,
perhaps, to prevent its further introduction here.
It will be recollected, Mr. Chairman, by the
committee, that in the discussion on the Lecomp-
ton question,! participated. I would not now ad-
vert to if but for certain personal aspects, which
make it necessary for me, in view of a proper self-
respect, to notice it. On the 26th of March last I
addressed the committee on the Lecompton ques-
tion at length. In the progress of my remarks on
that occasion, I reviewed the antecedents of cer-
tain gentlemen, and presented them to the con-
sideration of the country, under a sense of duty
to the position which I occupied. These remarks
were, it will be recollected, noticed at the time by
various members, especially by the gentleman
fiom Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.] While I spoke
on the 26th of March, it was the pleasure of the
gentleman [Mr. Mars'ball] on the31st of Match
—five days thereafter, at a night session, when I
was not present—to indulge in a criticism on that
speech, which criticism, I understood fromfriends,
did not call for any notice from me. His speech,
delivered on that occasion, was not published in
the Globe till the 16th of April. It had passed
from my memory, and nothing had occurred to
induce me to examine his remarks. I was in-
formed by gentlemen who had heard those remarks
as delivered on the floor of the House, that they
did not call for my attention, and I was never in-
duced by a circumstance to examine them as pub-
lished till very recently, when a friend called my
attention to the subject. I looked at a single par-
agraph of the speech, and presumed, from the
representations of those who heard the speech,
th'at it was unnecesssry for me to notice it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I wish to say,
Mr. Chairman, in this connection—as it is most
pertinent at this time—that at the time the gentle-
man from Virginia made the charge, I denied its
truth on the floor of the House; but I was not
permitted to take the floor and go into the matter
at length. I got the floor as soon thereafter as I
could, and notified the gentleman from Virginia
before I got the floor, and on the same day that I
expected it, that I would allude to the remarks
which he made m regard to that matter. I could
only get the floor late at night—the night before
the vote was t.aken. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia asked me if it was important that he should
remain, and I told him that he might determine
that matter fur himself; that I intended to refer to
his speech; that the charge which he made was
untrue, and that 1 intended to comment upon it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
had not interrupted me, he would have seen that
there was no necessity for the interruption. The
gentleman certainly did, as I have done to him on
this occasion, give me notice that he intended to
advert to my remaiks; but on account of my
health, it was not very agreeable, or perhaps not
prudent, for me to remain out late at night. 1 in-
quired next morning whether or not anything had
fallen from the gentleman, requiring my attention,
and was informed that nothing had. I was going
on to make a statement—and I bog the gentleman
not to interrupt me, unless it is clearly necessary,
as I desire to present a connected whole of the
question. On an examination of the gentleman's
speech, I found that if it had been spoken as it
was published, my friends could not have repre-
sented to me that there was nothing in it requir-
ing my attention. And hence I was led to infer,
that, as is too frequently the ease, the gentleman
published one thing, when he had delivered an-
other. I am the more pat ticular in presenting this
aspect of the question, because I want the com-
mittee and the country to understand that I am
not one of those who aie in the habit of lying sri'l
under criticisms that I do not think do me folland
proper justice. Of course the committee will un-
derstand, that, at this late day of the session, I
have no disposition to indulge in a class of rcmai ks
beyond what is indispensably necessary to a right
understanding of the position I occupy and the
course I pursued. On the occasion when 1 ad-
dressed the committee, I made an extract from
Judge Douglas's speech of the 12th of June, 1857,
and commented upon it in the manner that I am
now going to show:
'• Of the Kansas question, but little need be &aid of the
piespnt time. You <n '> lamiljarwith {lie lu-toiy of the qna-
tion, and inv connection with it. Subsequent letluetnMi iu?
stieijgih<*n«'d and confirmed my convictions in the .-ound-
nesrf of the pi lnciple^ and the concerned of the course 1
have felt it my dury to pui ue on tiiat subject."
That is the quotation which I made. I then
comment on it us follows:
"What lias occurred since to induce a change of this
couise ? I fear ambition has done it? woik. I l'car imaq;in-
aty private griefs have been actively at woi ft. I havo. heard
of a meeting of the Illinois delegation toconr-idci of the pol-
icy to b" pui^ued I give at least one gentleman from Illi-
nois nonce that I shall bun? up a matter in connection with
the movement of that delegation m reference to lins defec-
tion on the Kansas question, when I have an opportunity
to do to."
Mr. Chairman, I wish the committee to under-
stand that this extract from my Kansas speech
is the sharpest criticism which I made upon the
course of Judge Douglas. 1 said : " I fear ambi-
tion has done its work." " 1 fear imaginary pri-
vate griefs have been actively at work.'5 And if
the gentleman can put his finger on any remark
in the whole of that elaborate tfj/eecji of mine
which is of sharper significance-Uian this, I shpuld
be glad if he would do it-. This, and my array of
the history of the past to confront the doipgs of
the present, was the utmost point of .my offeree®'
What follows? X went on and said;
" i will say this, in conclusion, that the delegation froQi
Illinois, or a portion of them at any rate, met together here,
when Congress assembled, to consider the course which a
certain gentleman in ihe other end of the Capitol should
pmsue, and the means he should use to secure lira j ejec-
tion to the United ritat^s Senate. I say that much ; and I
will make out the case wlteiki have the time. I say that
ccitain extraordinary action* as resulted in a concerted
movement having an eye alone to his reflection."
Cut off in my remarks by the expiration of my
hour, the following immediately occurred:
" Mr. Palmer obtained the floor.
uMr. Mausiiai.i., ot Illinois,. Vvillthe gentleman allow
me a moment?
uMr. Palmar. I will yield to the gentleman for a mo-
ment.
«• Mr. Marshall, of Illinois. I would like to state that
the ch.itgc ot the gentleman fiom Virginia is wholly Uad
entuely unfounded.
" Mr. Smith, ot Virginia. I do not know about it of my
«-vvn knowledge; but when a member of iJmt delegation
speaks to that effect, when he tells it to me without ie erve,
tells k to another person, and, I may sr v, to still another-?
1 allude to the sucocssor of the gallant Rioiiaidson—I take
it to be true. lie told me that they had a conference ; that
in that conference they came to the conclusion that the
only chance for the rcelection of Mr. Douglas to the Uni-
ted State«! Senate was in the comse he has pm ued. I
speak openly and squarely, because [ have nothing to fear
lior favor to ask.
" Mr. Marshall, of Tllinoj..*. I do not know from whom
the gentleman leceived his mfoimatiou ; but if he intends
to include the whole Illinois delegation, I, as one of that
delation, can tell him that it wholly and entirely ua-
founded, so lar a-? I am concerned, i do nut believe any
such gencial conference e\er was held."
The next day a personal explanation took place,
from winch I make the following extract:
u Mr. Shaw, of Illinois. Mr £peakci,t rKe to what T
letrai d as a p'lvileccd question. I ?-c<: by the published pro-
ceed in<jssot y<Meidav that the gem Ionian hom Viigima [Mr.
Smith] Uocd tins language 111 rofeience to the Illinois del-
egation :
'■ I allude to the succcssorof the gallant Richardson. 1
take it to be true. He told me that tbev had a conference ;
that in thnt conference they came to the conclusion that the
only chance tot the tcelecuon of Mr. Douglas to the Uni-
ted Slater Senate wa* in tlm eoui^e he lia«* puisued.'
u I wi-h to hay that no ^uch consultation wa:« ever held,
to mv knowledge 5 that 1 never paiueipated in any such
eon-uliation.
{: Mr. Smith, of Illinois. I say the same for myself.''
Mind vou, that was what I said. I stated mv
conclusions; I stated the cvider.cc upon which
those conclusions were founded; I referred to the
witness—that witness the colleague of the gentle-
man himself—all occurring in the presence of the
committee and in the presence of the gentleman,
[Mr. Marshall.] The committee will see that
this whole subject wtis understood then.
Ileie, tiien, was a distinct understanding, that
my statement of the conference rested exclusively
upon the testimony of, and upon the statement,
made to myself and to other gentlemen by one of
his colleagues, whose name was given. Fie, him-
self, had come into thediscussion and entered adis •
ciaimcr, covering tfie ground entirely in a manner
that was satisfactory. The thing was understood,
and it was understood by every man. I shall not,
j therefore, refer further to the discussion on that
occasion; but will now proceed, biiefly and rap-
idly, to state the grounds of my complaint. I have
no doubt that if the gentleman from Illinon could
have got the floor earlier he would have done so.
Cut in the Globe of the 16th of April, appeared
tine speech of the gentleman from Illinois, claim-
ing to have been delivered on the previous 31st of
March, and which I shall now proceed to read in
detachments.
The gentleman from Illinois says:
"Cur the honorable gentleman from Virginia fMt.
has mad': tmn.-t If conspicuous by lius assaults upon lilhifi.
and hci distinguished Senator."
Why, sir, in my speech I stated the evidence
and views upon which I relied. I indulged in h'>
abuse; I indulged in no vituperation, no assault.
My purpose was, and I stale it here without hes-
itation, to break down the moral force of the dis-
tinguished Senator of Illinois. lie had taken • 
position which had filled with astonishment th :
whole country; and, according to my improssio",
the course of the whole Illinois delegation had
filled the country with equally as much astonish-
ment. They came here, sir, a unit in opposition
to the Adminisfration. And, sir, such a combi-
nation is not likely to pass without exerting lis
j influence upon tfre public sentiment. Represent-
