t§m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
ing as I do a portion of tlie Democracy and peo-
ple of the country, I felt it to !je my duty and
my right, for the purpose of defeating the moral
influence exerted by the Senator from Illinois,
to place his past history in contrast with his
present position.
But the gentleman says I made an attack upon
the State of Illinois, as well as upon her distin-
guished Senator. I have said what was the at-
tack which I made upon the Senator, and I now
deny emphatically that' I have said anything
which can be construed into an attack upon Illi-
nois, unless, indeed, the distinguished Senator
from Illinois, and the Illinois delegation in this
House, are that State. I deny that I uttered one
solitary word derogatory of the State of Illinois.
On the contrary, I acted upon the presumption that ,
she had been ill treated by those.to whom she had i
given her confidence in this great controveisy. I
went upon the idea that the character of that State
had been assailed by the course taken by her Rep-
resentatives upon this floor. But the gentlemao
says:
i{ Following the example of ladies of doubtful reputation,
Iic,t0n,seems.des>ir0us0fpatchinguphi8 0wn political char-
acter by assailing that of othei meu."
Now, sir, I am not able to draw illustrations
from ladies of that character. The gentleman,
however, who, in another part of his speech, said
he never spoke without information, I presume
has not violated his own rule, and therefore speaks
from his own personal knowledge. But, sir, the
gentleman says further:
"Ho has arrogated to himself a superior sanctity, and
stands up m the mat kct-places and ' thanks God that he is
not as those pubheaus ami Mnners.'"
Sir, when have I used any such language?
When have I assumed any air of superiority ? I
call upon the gentleman to lay his finger upon any
evidence of it. He goes on to say:
" Toward* the close of his sintrulrtr t-pfeHt hp abandons,
for a time, geneiahtics and insinuation?!, and attempts, by
distinct charges, to assail the motives of.Jmk'e Douglas
and his associates. One of these aiuu uim nu i* in these
words:
"< iMr. Smith, of Virginia. I will say this in conclusion:
that the delegation fiom Illinois,01 a portion of liu'm, at any
rate, met together hem, when Congress assembled, to con-
sider the online which a certain gentleman m the other end
of the Capitol should pursue, and the means he should use,
m order to secure Ins reelection to the United Suites Sen-
ate. I say that much ; and T will make out the case when
I have the time. I & >' that certainly euraoidmary action
ha^ Moulted ni a conceited movement, having an eye alone
to ins ieJ,'lection.'"
Mr. Chairman, what I have to complain of in
this connection is, that the gentleman should have
torn from the context of my speech a detached
puragraph, and presented it to the country as all
that I said on the subject to which it icfers.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. If the gentle-
man will permit mc, I wish to say right here, in
this connection, that I did not speak of what
seemed to he an insidious attack upon Judge
Douglas running through the whole speech, but
I quoted the whole paragraph, and everything in
connection with it. I stated that there was no
truth in the statement; and I now state that there
is no truth, and never was any truth, in it. T had
no purpose to misrepresent the gentleman, and I
am sorry if I have done so. Rut, sir, I deemed it
to be xny duty to state that there was not a word
of truth in any statement that any such confer-
ence was held by the Illinois delegation such as
that referred to by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What I complain
of, and what I think I have the right to complain
of, is that the gentleman should have taken a
single paragraph, making what purports to be a
charge, without explanation, when I stated pre-
cisely the giounds upon which I made my state-
ment, and stated that I had no personal knowl-
edge in relation to the matter whatever. I say,
fir", that the publication of this paragraph, simply
without explanation, is plainly unjust, and vio-
lates all the rules of evidence. Upon the same
principle, you could make the Scriptures assert,
by leaving off the first part of the sentence. " the
fool hath said in his heart there is no God," that
there is no God.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I do not in-
tend to submit to any such line of criticism. 1
quoted the entire passage, f so stated to the
House, and there was no suppression in spirit or
in fact.
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
must not use the term must not to mc. i will do
just what I f>lease. That is all. I shall do ex-
actly what 1 deem right.
I have quoted from the speeches which were
submitted, for the purpose of putting in my
speech what I did say, and what I said to the
committee and the gentleman when he had the
floor, and was making his disclaimer. I do assert
that the gentleman has not done me justice, in
publishing a part of those remarks, all bearing
on the same subject, and which, as published by
him,gives an impression to the country, different
from that which the character of the case would
justify.
The gentleman then goes on:
v( I have already stated on the floor of the Hou«e that
this chaige is wholly and entirely destitute of truth."
I wish that paragraph particularly noted. It \
can be contrasted with what the gentleman actu-
ally did say on the floor,and which I havequoted
in the early part of rrfy remaiks, and wc arc left
to judge how far he was wari anted in taking that
line of remaik on this occasion:
v* It has no foundation whatever, in fact. I allude to it
now for the purpose of adding mat the honosable mom
ber might to have known at the tune that it could not be
true."
The gentleman goes on to tell us of the various
rumors in the papers of an interview between
Senator Douglas and the President, and the van-
ous stories of the matter which are floating about.
Let nie tell the gentleman that, when he made
that statement he ought to have known fiom the
evidence which had been dejivered in his presence
by his own colleague, [Mr. Morris,) that he was
unwarranted in making it.
Sir, let us look and sec what his colleague did
say in this very discussion, a discussion, do you
not observe, which induced the gentleman to
make the statement which I havejusticad, " that
1 ought to have known." How ought 1 to have
known? Was I to give credence to the thousand
and one rumors winch /loaf about in the political
circles of this country? No, sir, certunly not.
"I recollcct," says the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Morris,] m the presence of his colleague
[Mr. Marshall,] on this floor, on the 27th March
last:
<( I recollcct, further, (and 1 noprehend that, out of this
has grown this whole trouble.) having a conversation with
the gentleman fioin Kentucky fMt. BurnettJ upon this
subject. Ilowevm he may have undeistood mc, I have a
•Ihtmct recollection in repaid to it, and of statinvth'd^a fter
our arrival here, and ajter ascertaining that Judge Douol vs
would take a jrn.ition mifa«onistic to the Lecornpton consli-
the. question occuried as to the time when he should
make ln^ speech. The conference upon that subject, how-
ovei,iook plaro between Jud:;e Douoi,\s, Colonel Rich-
ard-on.nwl myself, without any knowledge of it on the part
or ihe 'oriioi meinhei-. of the Illinois delegation. It was a
niri • eaMial meeting at C town's Hotel, where Colonel Rich-
ai d-on wa- stoppms. I remaikcd to Judge Dol'ulas, in that
o<uiference,7/i';f. if he hud made t'}> his mind to oppose the
Ln\i>npton rovititution, in my judgment, he should avail
jiiiiHelf of the e.iiluM oppoiuinity to dehvei ins views in
M'aard to it; for if he -honld wait until after the election on
the JNt of December, when the vote was to be taken upon
the adoption of the constitution, his motives would be im-
pugned, and his enemies therohv {jam an advantage of
him. This, <-/<? he freely expressed himself, corresponded with
hown opinion.'-''
That was the evidence of the gentleman's own
colleague, delivered in the face of the American
people. Even the gentleman's own colleague did
not know the fact as to the course which Judee
Douglas was going to take. After coming here,
ho ascertained that course. Yet the gentleman,
in the face of the testimony which I have just
read, says that I ought to have known better*, I,
who have a sanguine nature and a credulous one;
I, who believe in the fidelity of men; I, who give
up with profound reluctance the attachments I
l form, political and personal; I, who had watched
the course of the distinguished gentleman to whom
I refer with admiration and with pride and pleas-
ure; I, who had been his friend, was asked upon
vague, indefinite rumor to believe that all his
glorious antecedents were to be disregarded, and
that he was to take a new direction. I could not
believe it unless officially informed of the fact. It
seems that it was not known to the colleague of
the distinguished gentleman that he would take
ground against the Lecompton constitution.
And Judge Douglas did not, even in that inter-
view, tell the gentleman what was Ins purpose.
Yet, sir, I ought to have known; I, a stranger,
outside of the councils and confidence of this dis-
tinguished man, I was to know better than those
who were in concerted action with him!
But the gentleman proceeds:
It was known throughout the whole country (the mat-
ter was di^cusscd in the newspapers some time before Con-
giess convened) that the Senator from Illinois was opposed
to the unqualified admission of Kansas under the Lecomp-
ton constitution.
I deny the fact. I deny that it was known
throughout the country. I deny it utterly. I
prove that it was unknown to his own col-
leagues. 1 say that it is a hard rule to expcct that
by intuition 1 should have been able to anticipate
the political friends of the Senator. 1 did not know
that he would take a new course; and if the gen-
tleman desires to be assured of it, I will assure
him that I did not. I did not believe it to the last.
I did not believe it until Judge Douglas, in the
Senate of the United States, in hot haste jumped
upon the President's message, and took upon him-
self the ungracious task of pulling down his own
political friends. So much for that.
As to the question of fact, there is no occasion
for any additional testimony. From the testi-
mony of the gentleman from Kentucky,[Mr. Bur-
nett,] and others, it clearly appears that we had
good reason to believe that there was such a con-
ference as the one of which we have been speak-
ing. That is a question of fact for the gentleman
from Illinois to settle with his colleague.
The honorable member from Illinois then goes
on to say:
" Tile honorable member has been equally unfortunate
in the other spucific chaige winch he thought piopor to
make. It is equally basch ss, and equally definite of the
semblance of truth. That chaige is made m the following
language :
u c Let me say hero, al*o, that Mr. Calhoun wrote to Judjre
Douglas, not as a Senator, hut as a fuerid, stating the plan
that was to hf pursued, and asking his advice in releicnce
to it. No answer to that letter was ever leeeived, but the
Chicago Times came out and indoiscd the pioposed plan. I
state, as a fact, which will not he disputed in any quaiter,
that Senator Douglas, not as a Senator, but as a conspicu-
ous fnend of this gentleman, was wntten to in the month
ot September, asking his advice as to the course to be pur-
sued m the submission of the constitution, and that he never
re-ponded to that letter by dissent or affirmation.- "
Mr. Chairman, I will state, as a fact which will
not be disputed, that Senator Douglas, not as a
Senator, but as a friend, was written to in the
month of September byMr. Calhoun, who asked
his advice as to the course which ought to be pur-
sued in the submission of the constitution of Kan-
sas. It is not denied by Judge Douglas or the
honorable member, [Mr. Marshall,] that Mr.
Calhoun wrote to Judge l)ouglas, and that Judge
' Douglas never respondedon thisgreatquestionin
which so deep an interest was felt throughout the
country; and in connection with which the Senator
from Illinois was so thoroughly interwoven. His
personal friend writes to him for counsel and he
withholds it. He responds not. He counsels not.
He advises not. I do not undertake to speak of the
courtesy due from one friend to another who writes
for advice. Friendship ought to have induced
one fnend to step in and save the other from the
deep damnation of on erroneous policy, deemed,
! it seems, so fatal and so mischievous to the coun-
i try. Cut Judge Douglas was silent. And why ?
! Out let tin; proceed:
I jepeat, the Chicago Times, undeistood to be under
hr- influence, was published, containing an amcJe indorsing
I the su<t«o.-uons oi that letter. I have .not time to go into
; this question as I would like j but such are the jacts m rela-
ij tion to th>* mutter-"
!; The only question then on this particular sub-
!' ject is, how the Chicago Times—understood to be
j1 under the influence of Judge Douglas—advised.
!; J shall not pause to consider that question. I can
II only repeat what is known perhaps to every man
II familiar with Illinois politics, that that paper is
ji under the influence of Judge Douglas, it is the
i' organ now, of the Douglas wing of the Democ-
i; racy in that city, it is in us confidence; it is now
]' doing battle fast and furious in support of that
' i interest, and—as I gather from the papers—in hos-
1 tility to the friends of the Administration. But
!j let that pass.
;! The next question is, did the Chicago Times
j contain such an article? You know how diffi-
'! cult it is to procure copies of these papers after
' the lapse of considerable time. I made my best
' endeavors to get hold of that paper, but I was
unsuccessful for a long time. The gentleman,
however, [Mr. Marshall,] in his speech, pub-
I lished an article from the Chicago Times, of the
- 14th of October, different from that which was
asciibed to it by Mr. Calhoun. I know that that
■ article does not support the allegation. But why
