488
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 81,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Post Office at Columbus—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
The millionsof this decrease of the inland com-
merce, whilst it gives a solution of your financial
difficulties, shows unerringly the source of your
revenue.
I might follow this inquiry anil show that every
facility you added to inland transportation and
every consumer and producer that emigrated to the
West increased the means of your foreign com-
merce, and in return, increased your revenues.
As a question in political economy in the aug-
mentation of national wealth, the improvement of
harbors and rivers should be the first care of the
Government.
If those who bear the burden of Government are
entitled to share any of its benefits, then these in-
land interests should not be longer neglected.
You do not hesitate to rote annually millions
to protect life and property engaged in foreign
commerce in distant seas; yet upon your inland
seas, millions of property is there sacrificed and
thousands of lives there lost by your persistent
neglect to appropriate insignificant sums to pre-
serve their harbors from destruction.
You do not hesitate to vote millions for fortifi-
cations, and harbors on the Atlantic coast, but
your inland coast, equal in national importance and
almost equal in extent, is unfortified, and harbors
neglected and perishing receive no consideration,
even for common defense; when all know that in
the event of war with England, now threatened
on this floor, hostile fleets, as in 1812, will again
encounter on every inland sea, and our whole
frontier again smoke and blaze with contending
armies.
It is true you appropriate a few thousand dol-
lars every year for light-houses on our lakes, for
which we are thankful, as that gives " light" to
warn our marinei-s in the darkness and the storm
to shun your decaying and dilapidated piers, and
your dangerous and treacherous harbors.
the objections to appropriations.
In the remarks I intended to make, I cannot
notice fully all the objections against these appro-
priations. I can only refer to two, which are the
principal ones: First, That they involve schemes of
private speculation and p-ublic corruption.
If this allegation be true, it assails the integrity
of the representative and the fidelity of the public
servant. It proves too mnch; it proves a decay
of public virtue that strikes at the fundamental
principle as well as the progress of self-govern-
ment. When the public welfare of millions of
our agricultural people must be neglected and sac-
rificed because the Government has not vigor and
virtue enough to prevent political profligacy from
dividing with them the means which the Govern-
ment appropriates for the promotion of these par-
amount interests, then our representative system
is not worth preserving.
The other objection made to appropriations for
our commercial conveniences and securities in
the West is, that the collection districts, as they
allege, produce no revenue. This :s a modern
cavil.
To make revenue a test of these western appro-
priations is a fallacy not creditable to the intel-
ligence and statesmanship of those who make it.
It is answer enough that those general appropri-
ations are demanded by theil public welfare" and
the common " defense."
The reciprocity treaty diminished the revenue,
but increased the business, and has required en-
larged commercial conveniences. If the vigilance
now maintained by the custom-house police on
the frontier were relaxed, you would find the
West soon underselling your New York, Boston,
Philadelphia, and Baltimoie merchants, from the
supplies of contraband goods, and the necessities
for the palatial custom-houses on the Atlantic
coast would no longer exist, as you would have
no revenue to collect.
The revenue which the West pays to the na-
tional Government is not to be measured by the
meager returns of your custom-houses—it must
be estimated by what its millions of consumers
pay; for no fact is more undeniable in political
economy than that revenue is a tax upon thecon-
surnption of the country.
Yes, sir, the consumers and producers of the
West demand these appropriations, not as con-
cessions of favor, but of right—constitutional and
equal rights among the States and the people of
the States of this Union, to have their harbors
improved, their rivers and channels of commerce
cleared for the cheap transportation of their arti-
cles of consumption and production to and from
the markets of the world.
The enemies of inland appropriations vote free
trade on the frontier, and then claim that we are
not entitled to any appropriation because we col-
lect no revenue. Their logic is as bad as their
inconsistency is unpardonable. I will add here,
to remove the misrepresentation constantly made
on this floor, on these points a statement of the
amount of revenues collected, and appropriations
made for northwestern lakes, from 1837 to 1855:
The revenues collected in fifteen districts
amounted to $5,511,199 98
Amount appropriated for lakes    2,884,125 00
Excess of revenue over appropriations... .$2,627,004 98
It will thus be seen that appropriations for the
western lakes are in the aggregate about equal
to appropriations for the construction of the mw
Orleans custom-house, which still cries "give!"
the only constitutional mode for the protec-
tion OV inland commerce.
I have now to refer to the only mode for the
improvement of harbors and rivers suggested, ex-
cept that sanctioned by the practice of the Govern-
ment since its origin—the tonnage system. This,
sir, I believe, is impracticable and unconstitution-
al. It was tried under the Confederation, undone
of the causes which led to the early formation of
our present Constitution was the conflict between
the States in their internal and external com-
merco.
The result was the transfer of the power over
both, as well as of the revenues of all the States,
in trust for the " public welfare," to the General
Government as (he only, remedy for angry col-
lisions and conflicting rivalries between the
States.
The history of that period is full of admonition
as to its inexpediency, even if it were constitu-
tional, to return to this exploded system.
We would suppose our Constitution plain on
this point:
u iS'or shall vessels hound to or fiom one State he obliged
to enter, clear, or pay duties in another."—fckc. 9, ait. 1.
Free trade among the States was the policy of
the frameis of the Constitution, and in analogy
with its spirit and all its provisions. It was re-
cognized in the ordinance of 1787:
" The navigable waters lending into Hie Mississippi and
St. Lawrence, and the oairymg places between the r*ame,
shall he common highway.-*, ami forever free, as well to the
inhabitants of said Toriitoiy as to the citizens of the United
States, and Those of any othei States that may bo admitted
into i ho Confederacy, without any tux, impost, or duty there-
for  
This wns reaffirmed by Congress after the
adoption of the Constitution by an act of Congress
of 7th August, 1780. So it will be seen that in
the Constitution as well as jii Congress, the prin-
ciple of liberty was not only intended to be estab-
lished ns an equal light of the people, but free
trade between the States was made a part of our
organic form of government.
1 felt called on, sir, to refer to this tonnage sys-
tem, from the distinguished recommendation it
has received for the last six years—[Mr. Doug-
LAii.] It ia to be regretted that it has been renewed
by some of the friends of the inland commerce of the
country, as the effect can only be to divide them
on the only constitutional and practicable meas-
ure of relief.
1 have thus, sir, concisely presented the leading
features of our inland commerce, and its claims for
these very limited appropriations. It is idle for
gentlemen to suppose that they can much longer
successfully resist them. This great interest
must be restored to its equal position as a branch
of public service. The time was when these
national questions occupied the attention of this
House, but, unfortunately, slavery and anti-slave-
ry abstractions have crowded from these Halls all
all fair consideration of the public welfare. This
cannot continue. These long neglected inland
interests must resume their place in the public
mind!
Their recognition here will be enforced by the
political power that is accumulating in the North
and Southwest from the increasing immigration.
The elements of political power with us are pop-
ulation and the ballot-box.
The strip of a sea-board on the Atlantic, and the
manufacturing portions of the country bordering
on it, must sooner or later yield to the just de-
mands of the numerical supremacy of the West
for the improvement of their great lines of inter-
nal trade and commerce, which will and must ever
be keptfree, open, and common to our people. In-
land commerce is the peaceful sovereign of the
Union.
Its seat of empire is in the summits of the West;
the sources of the mighty rivers of this country
are there. They cannot be in one Government
and their outlets in another. Inland commerce, will
hold all together—sea-board, lakes, rivers, valleys
and mountains, and from its outward movement
to the ocean will be created a community of inter-
est and a fraternity of feeling that will bind the
Union of these States together and forever.
POST OFFICE AT COLUMBUS.
SPEECH OF HON. SAMUEL S. COX,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
.May 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. COX said:
Mr. Chairman: I did not come here this even-
ing with the intention of saying a word; I ex-
pected only to have been a hearer; I wished to
pay that compliment to a distinguished colleague,
[Mr. Leiter.]
During the course of my colleague's speech, I
asked leave to propound this question: whether,
notwithstanding all his repudiation of the Le-
compton constitution, and after all his statements
that the people had repudiated it, ho did not re-
cord his voice in favor of the preamble of the Crit-
tenden-Montgomery bill? That preamble is as
follows:
" Whereas the people of the Territory of Kansas did, by
a convention of delegates called and assembled at Lecomp-
ton on the -1th day of September, 1857* for that puipose,
form for themselves a constitution and State government,
winch said constitution is republican, and said convention
having asked the admission of said Tcmroiy into the Union
as a State, on an equal footing with the original States—"
My colleague denied having so voted. I re-
ferred him to his vote in the Globe, page 1437.
He insisted on saying that he did not thus vote.
I told him, as I thought very charitably, that he
no doubt did so vote for the preamble, under a
mistake. My colleague replied that he made no
mistakes in legislation. He knew what he did when
he voted. 1 take him, then, at bis word. I con-
fess, for myself and many anti-Lecornpton Dem-
ocrats, that wc did not know we were voting for
that preamble; though I do not consider pream-
bles of much legislative force. But my colleague
makes no such mistake—not he. Let us see, then,
what he did knowingly.
Mr. LEITER. We were entitled to a separate
vote on that preamble.
Mr. COX. Did you get it? Did you ask for it?
Mr. LEITER. That preamble was never
adopted by this House.
Mr. COX. I will refer to the record.. The
gentleman, it must be remembered, never votes
by mistake. I have the Congressional Globe be-
fore me. Turn to page 1436, where Mr. Mont-
gomery offered his amendment:
" Mr. Montgomery, f move to amend the bili bv stak-
ing out all ajtcr the enacting clause, and mseit the follow-
ing :*>
After voting down Mr. Quitman's amendment,
the amendment of Mr. Montgomery was voted
in. Then Mr. Campbell, an old legislator, who
knew well the effect of the vote, called for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill. What
was that bill? I have it before me. It has a pre-
amble before the enacting clause. All after that
was strickten out; but the preamble remained.
Mr. Campbell called for the yeas and nays on
the preamble and amendment of Mr. Montgom-
ery, which constitute the entire House bill. On
that vote my colleague's name is recorded for the
