1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4il
tated by a feelms of affection, to provide, amply, for that
poor old man. He had been with me " through weal.and
woe," wa-4 beloved and respected by all my family, every
member of which would have divided hisoi her last biscuit
xvith " Old Mose," Jn health and wckne^s he was kindly
cared for, and always treated with that consideration and
tenderness to wDich his past services and old age entitled
him.
It was distinctly understood between him and myself that
he should accompany me to Mississippi in October next;
and then, if he preferred to remain theie, I was to ariauge
for iiis future suppoi t, or he was to return to this Stare with
me if he wished to. Tie was to make his own selection as
to his future residence. He was as tree as any man in this
State. Ue knew no care, and did very little labor lor me.
So far as we knew, he was content and happy; and, if he
had been let alone, would have continued so. In an evil
hour, the poor old man, ignorant in his dotage, listened, as
I am told, and believe, to the lies and persuasions of cer-
tain rascally church members not very far fiom this village,
and very probably consented to leave his home, and trust
to the tender meicies of the vile, thieving Abolitionists. By
their agency he was taken (I should say stdlen, as the igno-
rant old man could have had very little volition in the mat-
ter) from my house during the night of the 10th instant, as
I think, and eariv the next morning dehveied over to you,
at Princeton, as the properly constituted a<*ent of said rail-
road i and that, by the aid of contributions, nnblu?hin«ly
levied by you upon the bystanders, not byyoui own means, j
you sent that old man to Canada, or some other cold eonn-
tiy, to seek a support from the coid charities of the woild—
I might,perhaps.have said Abolitionists—but no; they can
wheedle, coax, and steal negroes from their homc3, pro-
vided*! can be done at the expense of others, and not touch
their puiscs. They are too sordid and mean to bear any
portion of the outlay.
In the North, where you and I were raised, sheep-steal-
ing is regarded as the mean est and lowest grade of thieving
—-m-the South, to steal a negro's supper is the meanest.
Now, sir, I would ask you it either of those thefts be as
mean, as low, and as contemptible as the abducting and
sending away from his home a poor and infirm old negro
man? What say you.Hr? Answer out—speak—tell the
world and your constituents youi code of morals
Sir, I openly and publicly charge jou with having been
an accessory, and an active participator, m the abducting
aud sending uway of that old man fiom a better home and
kinder tieatment than you or anv other i fiscally Abolition-
ist, with all your hyprncntical philanthropy, evei did or ever
will provide tor a neifro. You, sir, have aided m jobbing
an old, infiim man ofhit- home, and f ent him loi rh to linger
out the remainder of his day> among s-tiangeis who have no
sympathy with him, arid where he must and will suffer and
die in wietchedne>s aud want.
You have disgraced the oau*o of humanity and of reli-
gion, which in past times you pretended to teach; you have
disgraced your distnct, arid committed "an offense which
ought to expel you fiom the Halls of Congress, and would
but for the protection you will seek in the fanaticism and
recklessness of a political party whose aim and object are
to sacrifice the rights of the South, even if it be at the ex-
pense of the Union; but, though your party may piotect
you from expulsion, they cannot screen you from the scorn
and loathing which every honest, patriotic member of Con-
gress must and will view you. They will shun and avoid
you asone disgraced—contaminated. You will be the con-
tempt and scorn of eveiy honest man.
In conclusion, I denounce you and all who aided you in
the abducting and sending away 11 Old Mose" fiom my
bouse as knaves and rascals.
E. II. LOMBARD.
To Owen Loyejoy, Jl«cnt for the Underground Railroad,
Ex-Minister of the Gospel, and Member of Congress elect
from, the Third District in Illinois.
Mr. PALMER. Wiil the gentleman from
Mississippi allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. No, sir; I can
answer no question now.
In addition to this I now quote Exodus, chap-
ter twenty, verses fifteen, sixteen,and seventeen:
" Ttfou shalt not steal.
" Thou shalt not be.u false witness against thy neighbor.
" Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt
not covet thy neighbor's wile,nor his man seivant,nor his
maid servant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor anything that is
his."
I also quote Exodus, chapter twenty-one, verses
two to six and sixteen:
" If thou buy a Hebrew servant, six years he shall serve,
and in the seventh he shall go out free foi nothing.
II If he came in by himself he shall go out by himself; if
he were mained then his wife shall go out with him.
i( If liis master have given him awifeand <3he have borne
him sons oi daughters, the wife and her children shall be
her masters, and he shall go out by himself.
<k And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master,
my wife and my children, I will not go out free;
Then his master shall bring him unto the judges: he shall
also bring him to the door oi unto the door post; and his
master shall bore his ear through with an awl; and he shall
serve him lorever.
" And he thatstealeth a man, and selleth him, or if he be
found iu his hand, he shall surely be put to death."
I also quote Genesis, chapter fourteen, four-
teenth verse:
" And when Abraham heard that his brother was taken
captive, he aimed his trained servants bom in his own
house, three hundred and eighteen, and pursued them unto j
Dan." j
And Genesis, chaptcr sixteen, eighth to tenth j
verses: [
c* Aud lie said to Ilagar, Sarai's maid, whence earnest \
thou ? and whither wilt thou go ? And she said, I flee from
the face of my mistress Sarai.
" And the angel of the Lord said unto her, Return to thy
mistiess, and submit thyself under her hands.
<l And the angel of the Lord said unto her, I will multiply
thy seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for mul-
titude."
I also quote from Ephesians, sixth chapter,
fifth to ninth verse:
" Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters
aceoidmg to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness
of youi heait, as unto Chust.
" Not with eye-seivicf, as men-pleasers ; but as the ser-
vants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart;
(i With good-will doing seivice, as to the Lord, and not
to men ;
'•'Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth,
the same shall he rcceivc of the Lord, whether he be bond
or free.
"And ye masters, do the same things unto them, for-
bearing threatening; knowing that your Master also is m
Heaven ; neither is ttiere respect of persons with him."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have said that I have
no respect for the Abolitionists, and you may see,
from what I have said, how much respect I have
for them. But I have more respcct fol* the Abo-
litionists than I have for the Free-Soilers. And
why? The Free-Soilers do not go quite so far as
the Abolitionists do. The Abolitionist professes
that he is influenced by motives of humanity to
the slave; he says that he is influenced by the
conviction that all men are equal and ought to be
equally free; that that is the doctrine of his coun-
try, and that he acts in obedience to that honest
conviction of his. I say that Abolitionists, in-
fluenced by convictions of this sort, are to be at
least pitied, if not excused. They are in favor of
taking the negro directly, and placing him on an
equality with the, white man on this continent.
But how is it with the Free-Soiler? The Freo-
Soiler says to us southern gentlemen: <c 1 do not
want to interfere with your slaves; I am willing
that the negro shall remain m bondage; but I
.want to place you, the white men of the South,
in a state of political bondage, by a system of
unjust, unfair, and unconstitutional legislation."
What do you propose, you gentlemen of the
Free-Soil party ? Do you propose to better the con-
dition of the slave? Not at all. Do you propose
to emancipate the slave ? Notatall. Whatthendo
you propose ? You say you are opposed to the ex-
pansion of the institution of slavery; that you are
unwilling that one more foot of territory shall be
dedicated to slavery; but that you are determined
that all territory shall hereafter be free soil. Now,
who is to be benefited by that? Is the white
man of the South to be benefited by it? Not at all.
Is the slave to be benefited by it? Not at all.
Then it is not the interests of the slave which you
are after, gentlemen of the Free-Soil party, it is
not humanity that influences you m the position,
which you now occupy before the country. But
you are influenced by a desire on your part to take
from us unjustly the proceeds of our labor. In
other words, your desire is to reduce us to the
attitude which Prometheus was made to occupy,
that you, like the vulture, may fatten on the pro-
ducts of our soil and industry. It is that you may
have an opportunity of cheating us that you
want to limit slave territory within circumscribed
bounds. It is that you may have a majority in
the Congress of the United States, and convert
the Government into an engine of northern ag-
grandizement. It is that your section may grow
in power and prosperity upon treasures unjustly
taken from the South, like the vampire bloated
and gorged with the blood which it has secretly
suckcd from its victim.
The Frec-Soiler has some motive for his policy.
He has some ulterior motive. No man yet ever
advocated a settled opinion without having an
object in doing so. No man yet ever did any act
without looking to something beyond the act.
And so when you Free-Soilers organized your-
selves into what is denominated the Free-Soil
party, and resolved to circumscribe the institution
of slavery, you looked to the accomplishment of
a result, future if not immediate. What are your
doctrines? You say that you are not after the
slave. You admit that you are not in favor of
emancipating slaves; and yet you have not the
frankness to acknowledge the full extent of your
principles. But what are you after ? You desire
to weaken the political power of the southern
States of the Union; and why? Because you
want, by an unjust system of legislation, to pro-
mote the industry of the New England States, at
the expense of the people of the South add of
their industry.
Now let us see whether I am right in saying
that your Free-Soil organization intended to
lead to the breakiog*down of the political power
of the southern States of the Union. Am 1. right,
in charging you with waging war against .us for,
the purpose of obiaminga political ascendency
in the councils of the nation, that you mightaXter-
w&cds legislatefor the benefit of the New ljtagfond-
States to the.prej'udice of the people of theSouth?.
I think I am authorized in making-thi«-cha^e-,_by
the position taken by the gentleman irorn .New
York [Mr. Clark .J8- Cochrane] yesterday, in
which he admitted, in answer to the inquiry of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr,
that if every man, woman, and child in K&nvsas
had voted in favor of the constitution tolerating
slavery, he would have voted against its,admis-
sion into the Union aa a slave State. And -why ?
Ig it from any particular feeling of respect that he
had for the people of the Territory, or for the doc-
trine of popular sovereignty, or for the right of
the people to govern themselves? Or is.it.from
interested motives and interested considerations?
Is it that the political power of the southern States
may be stricken down?
I will now call the .attention of the committee
to the opinions of Mr. Webster on the subject,
whose opinions, I have .no doubt, di$ mOre „to
create the organization of the Free-Soti paifty iha 
the opinions of any other man of the nation. - ,
Mr. Webster says, in his speech at Marshfield,
1 believe, in 1848:
" fn the second placc, in my judgment, Ihe interests of
the country and the feeling of a vast majority of'the people
rejoice that a President of these United .Slates should be
elected who will use neither official influence to pioinote,
nor feel anv desire in his heart to promote, the further ox-
tension of slaveiv in this community, or its further influence
in the public councils."
And why, sir? Because the Democracy of
almost the entire North, and of the entire South,
had announced the doctrine of the limited powers,
under the Constitution, of the Federal Govern-
ment, and he wished, by the extension in this
Government of northern abolition influence, to
overthrow that doctrine.
Again, he opposed the ad mission, ofTexas into
the Union. Why? Was it because it would in-
crease the number of slaves on the continent?
Not all. Whether Texas wak admitted into the
Union or not, she was a slave State. And If
remained an independent'State,-she wottfd still be
a slave State. He gives this as his reasdn:
"I take it that the most important event in Our time, tend-
ing to the extension of slaveiy,and Us everlasting establish-
ment on this continent, was the annexation of Texas in
1814  
He opposed it, then, as a measure for the exten-
of slavery. Not that it would increase the num-
ber of slaves, but because it would increase the
political power of the slave States of this Union.
In other words, because it would increase the
power of the southern portion of this Union—the
most important agricultural portion of the Union,
as it always will be.
Again, sir, he was opposed to the acquisition
of California and New Mexico. And why did
he oppose that annexation? In his Faneuil Halt
speech he says he voted against the acquisition of
that Territory, and that he should do the same
thing again, with much more resolution. He would
have run a still greater risk; he would have en-
dured a still greater shock; he would have risked
anything rather than have been a participator in
any measure which should have a,tendency to an-
nex southern territory to the States of this Uniom
Ho had no doubt that California a"ftd New Mex-
ico would be free territory; butstiil, on account
of its contiguity to the southern portion of the
Union, he opposed its acquisition, because, in
consequence of a similarity of climate and pro-
duction, the interests of that Territory wouia of
course be similar to those of the southern portion
of the Union, and they .would oppose the adoption
of measures for the exclusive benefit of the north-
ern portion of the Union.
Thiscontest^then, has, asyou perceive, grown
out of a conflict between the moneyed interests of
the country on the one hand, and the agricultu-
ral industry of the country on the other. 1 see
it stated, sir, as a statistical fact, that out of the
twenty-three million persons in this country 111
1850, there were but two millions engaged in agri-
