1858.'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
was that article selected ? The gentleman says in
his spefip.li that he selected it because he under-
stood that Mr. Calhoun had given the date of that
paper as being the paper Containing it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Let me state
to the gentleman 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I quote what you
say in your speech.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Let me state
the fact.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will state it my-
self. The article was selected because, as the
gentleman represents in his speech, it appeared
in the paper of the date designated by Mr, Cal-
houn. Weil, I believe Mr. Calhoun did designate
such a date. He spoke from memory, however.
He spoke from information as to the contents of
a paper published last year; and the thing re-
mained in that indefinite and uncertain shape up
to a recent hour. A short time ago, however, I
received an Illinois paper. I know thatgentlemcn
will scout the authority, as it is a Black Republi-
can paper. I received it, and it furnished me, for
the first time, with a criticism on ray course, and
on the speech of the gentleman from Illinois, which
aroused mc to this exposition.
Mr. KILGORE. I object to the gentleman from
Virginia reading from Black Republican papers
here.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I read from the
Springfield (Illinois) State Journal of the 19th of
May, 1858. . The editor suys:
" We give the flr^t paragraph from the Timers article:
(-{In a. speech dehvomrt m ihr> House ot Ropier mauve*
by Mr. Wim-iam Smith, ot' Virginn—otherwise called
'•Extta Billy"—he is icportcd as havnir^aul that the mode
adopted by Calhoun and hi> Lc'tompton a^oc i.ite- in i.ot
submitting the Lecompton con-stitiKum to a vote of" the pro
pie, was adopted because it was su™o&ted bv The Oueaayi
Times, winch was supposed by Calhoun to expiuas. the
opinion of Judge Douglas on that point.
•'' Wc did not meet with this statement by Mr. Smith
until we saw it quoted in a speech by Mt. Marshall, of
this fState, who quoted it to brand it a:- it descivtd. Out
having met if, we now have to state that it is utterly desti-
tute oi' ttuth. No aiticle of the kind ever appeared m the
Chicago Times. Pioni the earliest meeting ot the conven-
tion to its adjournment, we always assumed it to be an us
ceitruned fact, tlm the convention would submit the con
stitution, and the whole of it, to the people ot Kansas for
rejection or appioval.'
<k The Times, it will bo seen, talks out in ft it denial of
this with an immense amount of emphasis."
The editor of the Journal proceeds:
"It may be forgetfulno'ss on the part of the Tirtie«. but
it is nevertheless a tact, that thcoigan of Senator Douglas
did, in the fii&t place, as charged by Mr. Smith, come out
asninst a gencial submi^ion ut the Lecompton constitu-
tion We do not know anything about the letter which
Calhoun wiote to Douglas, though it isundeistood in town
liere that buch a letter was wntton. Neither do we know
anything about the failure of Douglas to respond to the
' plan to be pursued/ hut it is a fact, which the Chicago
Time? cannot successfully contradict, that that sheet, about
that time, did publish such an editonal as Mr. Smith ic-
ioiato. The editorial was of Mich a remarkable character
that we cut it out and put it in our scrap-book for wife
keeping. We have the article befoie us now, and the lol-
lowuis are paragraphs taken from it:
"•We tuink the convention that will fiame the new
constitution in Kansas will exhibit far mote logard for pub-
lic tranquillity and public honesty, by conducting theit pio-
ccedings without any leference to the Topeka adheients;
and, as tlipy have declared it shall never go into operation
in the .State, we think theie is about as much propuery m
submitting it to their approval as there would be in iubmtt-
tin«p it to the approval of the inhabitants of the Fejee
islands.5 ****--***
" (As the adherents of the Topeka convention refused to
paiUeipate in the election of delegates, and are sworn to
resist the new State government when established, they
have no right to be consulted in the formation of that State
government."'
I twill be observed that the paper vindicates what
I stated as to the course of the Chicago Times.
The gentleman emphatically says;
kJThe most amazing fact m icference to this calumny is,
that iiu such artidc a-s the one indicated by Ike honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia hut ever, at any time, appeared i.ithe
columns of the Chicago Times. This fact, at least, if it ex-
isted, couid be easily proven ; and 1 defy the gentleman to
produce the evidence. If he fails, winch he most assu-
jpdlv will, the charce is not only shown to be false, but
utte'ily destitute of foundation or plausibility from the be-
ginning."
To this I have only to say that, having no per-
sonal knowledge myself, and acting necessarily
upon the information of others, as the gentleman
himself does, I furnish a complete answer to the
paragraph quoted, in the extracts I have read.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Does the gen-
tleman give the date of the Chicago Times in
which that article appeared ?
' Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Only as I stated.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Have yon given
any date ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; only as I
have read. The gentleman wants to hang upon
the absence of a specific date.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I do not want
to hang upon anything. I stated some time ago
on the floor of the House, and now repeat, that
no article such as the one indicated in the gen-
tleman's former remarks ever did appear in the
Chicago Times. I care not what garbled extracts
th'fc gentleman may bring from the unscrupulous
Black Republican organs, which are the proper
backers of the gentleman in his tirade against the
Democratic party of Illi'-oi*.
Mr. SMITH, of Vngima. I hope the gen-
tleman will keep cool. I read again. Says the
Journal:
"But it is a fact which the Chicago Times cannot suc-
cessfully contradict, that that sheet, about that time, did
publk-h such an editonal as Mr Smith refers to. That edi-
torial was of such a remaikable character that we cut it
out and put it in our scrap-book lor safe keeping. We have
the aiticle befoie us now," &c.
He must be a most unscrupulous Black Repub-
lican if he would make such a statement as that
when there was no foundation for it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. The Chicago
Times denies the publication of any such ar-
ticle.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have the evidence
of it here. Let me get through and then the gen-
tleman can respond to me. t The extract goes on
as follows; the editor says —
"The <iho\ c is only a small paitof the Tnnes's article, hut
the w hoi" of it is to 1 im same stunning «nfect. U tin? was
not ?: bold stand acaiiM submit! 1112 the Lecompton consti-
tution 'o the people and ait mdoi.-.ement ot the Calhoun
' plan,' then what is it
Here, then, is an extract distinctly sustaining
my statement, if it be a veritable extract from a
veritable article. I beg the gentleman to remem-
ber that I am acting upon such evidence as I have
before me. I am making a statement founded
upon the article that I have just read, in which it
is cleat ly and distinctly stated that it would be as
mad to submit this constitution to the Topeka-
ltes as it would be to submit it to the inhabitants
of the Fejee islands, as thev h<\d sworn it should
I never go'into operation. Well,sir,'if this be a
[ veritable exttact, then my statement, founded
! upon the information of others, is indicated and
! maintained beyond all human question. This ar-
ticle in the Springfield paper, then, goes on to
: speak of the Chicago Times as being the paper
j of Judge Douol vs—notns being under his influ-
1 once, but that it was his paper.
Now, the gentleman says that this is a Black
Republican paper. Well, sir, I confess that I
should desire pretty strong evidence, where there
was a great issur, to satisfy me that any partisan
press always spoke the truth. But, without mean-
ing to compliment the Black Republicans, I know
enough of many of the members of that party, to
know that there arc many of th^m who would be
as apt to speak the truth as many others.
Mr. IvILGORE. Will the gentleman permit
me for a moment? I simply want to suggest to
the gentleman from Virginia, and the gentleman
from Illinois, that they must strike out the word
" black" if they mean to use this testimony, for
I believe they both object to blacks giving testi-
mony. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITII, of Virginia. That is the reason
that this testimony is received with so much
hesitation.
Mr. IvILGORE. Will the gentleman give it
credit, coming from the source it does?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am making this
explanation in order to excuse myself for doing
it. But, sir, this statement, thus made, under the
responsibility which attaches to every man who
occupies a decent social position, has been exten-
sively circulated. I have not scon it denied in the
Chicago Times. The National Union, an Admin-
istration Democratic paper, established at Chi-
cago by some warm Administration Democrats,
to'counteract the malign influence of the Chicago
Times, gives sufficient credit to this Republican
article to give it insertion in its columns of the
2lst instant. I see no doubt expressed or inti-
mated; but, on the contrary, it is headed by an
article having direct reference to the gentleman
[Mr. Marshall] himself, and which, perhaps,
he has seen. • - •
Mr. MARSHALL* of Illinois. The paper to
which the gentleman now refers is a paper eas-
ing itseif the national Democratic organ, and rep-
resenting a very small and unscrupulous clique,
who are acting in perfect harmony with the Black
Republicans—the unscrupulous portion of that
party—to'defeat the regular Democratic organi-
zation of the State of Illinois.
Mr. WASHBXJRNB, of Illinois. I deny that
they are acting wuh the Republicans.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. They are pit-
ting each other upon the back for the purpose of
breaking down the regular Democratic organiza-
tion, and are copying each other's articles with
commendation.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to deny here in my
placc that there is any arrangement, express or
implied, between the Administration-Democratic
party and the Republicans in the State of Illinois.
I wish to say one word more. The gentleman-
has assailed the veracity of the Springfield State
Journal in my State. 1 do not know the editors
of that paper personally. I know it to be a highly
reputable and able paper; and jf my colleague de-
nies that that is a correct quotation from the Chi-
cago Times, I assure him that 1 will prove that it
is as soon as I can communicate with the editors
of that paper; or, if I am wrong, I will make a
public explanation of it. I do this merely with a
view of saying what I ought to say as an honor-
able man, when the character of gentlemen in my
State, is assailed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I'wish to re-
mark that it is just as I expected. The gentleman
from Virginia is acting in 'harmony with the Re-
publican party to make an assault upon the reg-
ular Democratic organization of the State of Illi-
nois, and has their sympathy in so doing. He is
patted on the back, and sustained in his efforts by
the Republicans, just as the same movement is
sustained m Illinois.
The charge of the gentleman against Judge
Douglas was, in effect, although it was not di-
rectly made, that he had indicated the mode
adopted by the Lecompton convention of submit-
ting the constitution. I stated that that was un-
true; that there was no truth in it; and I repeat it
here to-day. In regard to the articles in the Chi-
cago Time's, I say that, admitting the quotation
from it to be correct, in common fairness the whole
article ought to have been quoted, so that the com-
mittee could be able to judge of the effect of it;
and that the date should be given: otherwise, I
say the gentleman is entitled to no credit for the
assertion. I do not pretend to say that the ex-
tracts which the gentleman has quoted here may
not possibly,at some time, have appeared in the
Chicago Times; but I say that there is nothing in
the course of that paper which indorses any such
sentiment; nor has it ever been indorsed by Judge
Douglas.
I do not know whatconcertof action there may
be between the party of the gentleman from Vir-
gimaond the Republicans, for the election of John
Wcntworih io the United States Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, and Mr.
KELLOGG. Abraham Lincoln is the Republi-
can candidate for Senator from Illinois.
Mr. KELLOGG. In reply to the charge of our
patting the heads of both wmgs, or either wing, of
the Democratic party in Illinois, I desire to say
that wo intend to pat them so hard that we will
beat them both, and elect our own man; which I
believe we shall do.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I never knew a
beaten party in my life that did not cry out** vic-
tory" before election. And what will be done
by the Republicans of Illinois in the future, will
be judged by their experience in the past. But
let me resume—for I presume, from the frequency
of the gentleman's interruptions, that he does not
intend to reply. .
Now, sir, I presume it is not denied that Gen-
era! Calhoun, being a personal ami political friend
of Judge Douglas, addressed to him a letter in-
dicating the policy winch ho proposed to pursue.
Itis undeniable that Judge Douglas lecesved this
letter, and assented to it so far as his silence could
give that assent. I have read an article in the
Chicago Times. Now, sir, I will present other
testimony. On the 21st of May last, the National
