1850.]
APPENWX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LOBE.
489
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Post Office at Columbus—Mr. Coco.
Ho. or Reps,
preamble and amendment, page 1437, fourth line
from the bottom of the last column.
Mr. LEITER. It must be remembered that
resolutions and bills are always passed before the
preambles.
Mr. COX-. We will come to that in a moment.
He did not vote for that preamble; and he never
votes by mistake, he says. There is no escape
for the gentleman from this dilemma. I would
not call attention to it, but for the fact that my col-
league's political friends in Ohio, in the course of
their unexampled abuse of my vote for the con-
ference bill, have quoted the same preamble which
all the Republicans voted for, for my condemna-
tion. I do not profess to understand this thing
as well as the gentleman. He never votes by mis-
take; therefore, he must have sustained that bill
as it went from the House to the Senate; and that
biil, as it passed the House, had the preamble in
it. How could it have got through this House
without his vote? for on this bill he voted every
time with the majority ! Can there be any doubt
about it ? Turn over to page 1438, and you will
see that Mr. Montgomery, after "the. bill, as
amended, was passed," moved to " strike out.of
the preamble a part of the language used."
Mr. LEITER. We ought to have had a sep-
arate vote on that preamble. It was poorly engi-
neered. I looked on the management then as
bungling.*
Mr. COX. Whether it was good engineering
or not, my colleague voted forthe preamble; and
he never votes by mistake. If it was bad engi-
neering and bungling, my colleague is in for it;
and cannot help it by his denial. Ah I the gentle-
man is beginning to understand the matter. If it
was all right, and he made no mistake, and he
did not vote for the preamble, where is there any
bungling? Where the bad management? If my
colleague did not vote for the preamble, there is
no bungling, none at all. Why should Mr. Mont-
gomery move to strike out a part of the pream-
ble, if the gentleman [Mr. Leiter] voting with
the majority did not vote for it? Allow me to
quote from the Globe, page 1438:
"Mr. Montgomery. Is it in order to move to strike out
of the preamble a portion of the language ?
" The Speaker. The Chair is ot opinion that it is not.
The question has been suggested within the last few min-
utes. The proper time to have moved any amendment to
the preamble was, in the opinion of the Chair, before the
bill was ordered to a third reading."
So that it was then too late, as it is now too
Jate, for any of us to get rid of that vote for the
Montgomery bill. I have no such desire. I
think, before the fall election is over, certain gen-
tlemen will be sorry for their attacks upon mem-
bers who honestly voted for the conference bill,
*The complaint of Mr. Leiter is, that he did not get a
chance to vote against the preamble ; that it ought to have
been submitted to a separate vote. The infetence he would
like us to draw is, that as he could not get a sepaiate vote,
he had to vote for the whole bill—preamble and amend-
ment. Now, be had a clear course to take; if he did not
like the preamble, he could have voted again&tthe previous
question, which estopped a separate vote. 'I his he did nor do.
He voted to sustain the previous question. He tberofote
voted to cut oft' his own chance to get a separate vote ; foi
it is well settled that after a bill is passed under the pievious
question it is out of order, as Speaker Orr decided, to
amend or strike out the preamble. Never has a point befti
more notoriously settled. It was settled in the Twenty-Ninth
Congress, famous for its accomplished parliamentarians—
Winthrop, Cobb. Douglas, John Q,umcy Adams, Toomb3,
Ingersoll, and others. It was settled in the Mexican war
bill. Its famous preamble ran thus : " Whereas, by the act
ot the Republic of Mexico, a state of war exists between
that Government and the United States: Be it enacted,'7
&c.
Many of the Opposition wished to vote supplies, but be-
lieved the preamble false. But they had no power, as they
knew, to amend the preamble, or strike it out. They could
not get a separate vote on it after Mr. Brinkerhoff demanded
the previous question. Mr. Ganett Davis, laboring under
this dilemma, said : " I object to the preamble, because it
sets forth so bold a falsehood. I protest solemnly against
defiling this measure with the unlounded statement that
Mexico began this war."—(Congiessional Globe, vol. 15,
page 794.) Mr. Garrett Davis asked to be excused from
voting; but lie was not excused. He voted for the bill, but
he did what Mr. Leiter did not—protested against the pre-
amble. He never claimed a separate vote on the preamble,
because he knew it was unparliamentary. The parliament-
ary law was before then well settled. No doubt many (De-
lano, Root, Giddings, Adams, Vance, and others) "voted
against the bill because they did not like the preamble. Mr.
Leiter had the same privilege on the House bill. lie did
not exercise it; and it is too late now to complain. Cer-
tainly he cannot complain of the Democrats who voted with
him for the same preamble—m the Senate bill, the House
bill, or the conference bill.
which, as Mr. Montgomery himself says, is the
same thing in substance, except, perhaps, a " few
verbal alterations."
How, then, can the gentleman say there is"a
preamble to the House bill, unless he voted for
it? He never gave a vote against the bill in any
shape. The preamble was voted for by him
when he voted for the bill as amended.
Mr. LEITER. It was permitted to remain
there, when it should have been stricken out.
Mr. COX. Very well. I have said all I de-
sired to on that point. That remark of my col-
league is enough for him. I do not refer to this
matter now for any other purpose than to advise
gentlemen that they are not to be allowed to put
the Democracy of Ohio to the defense of tnat
which they themselves did—knowingly did—did
under no misapprehension. And when we are
charged with voting, by way of preamble, that
the "people of Kansas" made Lecompton " for
themselves," we point to the entire Republican
record to show that gentlemen, under " no mis-
take," recorded the same thing as their opinion.
But, Mr. Chairman, I rose principally because
I desired to express my views, briefly, upon a
matter of local importance to my State, district,
and city. I wish to place upon record the views
and facts which appertain to a local measure that
lies close to my heart, and which I have pursued
this whole session with a sleepless anxiety. I
hold in my hand House bill No. 539, reported
unanimously from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, "providing for certain
public buildings for post offices and other Gov-
ernment purposes." Among the hundred cases
submitted for their consideration, the committee,
on the 28th April, wisely selected about a dozen,
and, among them, the city of Columbus, and have
reported $50,000 " for the purchase of a site and
the erection of a building there, for a post office,
and other Government purposes." Yesterday,
the Post Office Committee of the Senate selected
Columbus, with three other cases, for the favor-
able action of the Senate. To-morrow the vote
will be taken on it in that body.
With this double and emphatic recommenda-
tion, I propose to give to the House some of the
reasons I have been urging for the appropriation.
I know that it is an unpropitious time for such
matters. The Treasury is empty, although the
country is rich. The Government, however, has
no debt of any consequence to a nation like ours;
and although the Secretary of the Treasury frowns
upon such objects at present, yet I do hope that
a case of necessity like that of Cotumhus will not
meet with a rebuff from Congre-ss. At least, I
shall have done my duty in presenting its merits
now; trusting, if not to the present, then to the
next session, to do what ought to be done now.
I desire, at least, now to lay the foundation of
a claim on the legislation of Congress which, at
a more seasonable time, I will urge, with no such
drawback as a poor Treasury.
No one who has ever seen the present Colum-
bus post office building would doubt that there
exists a pressing necessity there for the construc-
tion of a Government building. Some eight hun-
dred of its prominent citizens have memorialized
Congress upon that subject.
The following among other reasons are urged
in its behalf:
1. Columbus is the capital of Ohio, in which
is annually assembled the Legislature of the State,
composed of about one hundred and sixty mem-
bers and officers. This body is in session at least
three months. The supreme court of the State
holds terms during one half the year. The ex-
ecutive offices and nearly all of the public insti-
tutions are located here.
Other State capitals, among the rest our neigh-
bors, Indiana and Illinois, have had the benefit
of a post office building conferred on them. Our
State has at least equal, if not superior, claims to
the same regard.
I 2. The city contains a population of about
1 twenty-seven thousand inhabitants, and is the
center of extensive and important business trans-
actions. There are four railroads radiating from
thence—to Cleveland, to Wheeling, to Indian-
apolis, to Cincinnati—each cardinal thorough-
fares to the four points of the compass.
3. The office performs the business of a pop-
ulation of nearly forty thousand, in addition to the
population of the city. Its reve.nue is $4,2:24 65;
but that is no adequate criterion of the import-
ance and service of the office.
4. It is one of the three distributing offices of
the State, and has in its service the labor of twelve
clerks, and requires really a larger force.
5. The building now in use is' poorly adapted
to the business of the office. Its construction does
not afford the necessary facilities for the conve-
nient transaction of business. It is badly lighted,
and cannot be warmed without danger. It is not
a safe depository for the valuable matter passing
through the office. In its rear is a bake-shop ana
coffee and spice-grinding establishment,' which
has three times been consumed by fire. On the
last occasion of fire, an adjoining building was
destroyed, and many others put m danger. On
one side is an extensive eating establishment,
which has its kitchen under the office. In the
upper part of the building arc offices, and a public
hall for concerts! and exhibitions. The rent for
the present office is $800. It is on the south side
of the public square, in a most convenient loca-
tion, but wholly inadequate for the purpose for
which it is used.
6. There is no building in the city, with a
proper location, and of proper construction and
arrangement, which can be rented for the office.
The building ought to be in the heait of the city,
and no such building can be had at present.
7. There is another claim which central Ohio
makes for the accommodation of the capital.
There will be terms of the United States courts
held again ai Columbus, when the law now re-
ported for that purpose in the Senate shall have
passed. The exigency of the case demands such
a law. The separation of the State into two judi-
cial districts, m 1854, was a loss to the capital,
in more than one sense, it was a great disad-
vantage to one third of the counties of the State,
which were interested in the litigation of the Uni-
ted States courts. Ohio furnished at Columbus,
for years, a building, rent free, as I believe, for
the United States courts; and now she asks, in
her necessity, for a building for Federal pur-
poses—as one sign, at least, of Federal recogni-
tion.
8. She has had but little attention of this kind.
Although paying, as 1 shall show, over six mil-
lion dollars annually, into the Fedeial Treasury,
she has received in appropriations for buildings,
altogether, only about six hundred thousand, as
follows:
Cincinnati   * $291,130
Toledo  75,001
Sandusky    74,571
Cleveland       159, 800
$601.503
I might show what other States, which pay
smaller tribute to the Federal Treasury, have re-
ceived, not counting immense appropriations for
sea-coast improvements, but simply for buildings
alone. Maine has received more than §650,000.
Little Rhode Island over $264,000—a State with
one tenth of the representation which Ohio has
on this floor. The New Orleans custom-house
alone has already cost $2,675,258, and requires,
to finish it, $1,500,000 more. It has already cost
nearly five times as much as Ohio has received
altogether. Virginia—less than Ohio in her Fed-
eral representation and Federal taxes—has re-
ceived $800,000 for public buildings.
But these comparisons are invidious. I venture
to say that Ohio, by the votes of her members of
Congress, has contiibuted liberally toward those
improvements which lie out of her State. She has
been as liberal by her votes to the Atlantic and
other States, as she has been by the payment of
her Federal taxes. She pays, as I said, one tenth of
the Federal revenue. The taxes paid by the people
of Ohio stand thus:
Taxes paid to the State   $2,609,395
Taxes paid for local purpOvses  6,063,903
Taxes paid to the United fckates   6,000,000
$14,673,283
The taxes paid to the National Government are
more than double those paid to the State Govern-
ment; and the people of Ohio pay for the support
