nw
the congressional globe.
April 1,
this were to happen in one  f the Atlantic States, j
where early and reliableioformationcould be had
of the action of Congress, instead of in tins far-
distant State, to which it takes a inontu to go, the
matter might come fairly under his rule. Then,
taking into consideration the past legislation Qt
this country; that these surveys have been of
great benefit, to the country; that this money is
justly due; and- that these men have had- it with-
held from them for eighteen months, I think jus-
tice demands.that we should pass, thissection of
the bill, which appropriates this $220,000.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by diminishing the appropriation <5200,000.
Mr Chairman, this amendment presents a good
illustration of the manner in which this Govern-
ment is carried on. The Constitution contem-
plates that there shall be no expense incurred and
no money expended, except by, the authority of
Congress. The only use that Congress is to this-
Government is to act as a check to the executive
department; to paralyze its arm and withhold the
fund^ necessary in a case of practical usurpation of
power on the part of the executive branch. Here
13 a case where Congress appropriated $50,000 for
the accomplishment of a particular work. Under
this authority, the Executive has gone on and ex-
pended $270,000. The question is, then, whether
Congress eati recognize an authority in the Exec-
utive orany of his subordi nates to spend five dol-
lars for every dollar which Congress has author-
ized to beexpended.
I wish it to be remembered on this side of the
House, that, after this appropriation has been
voted, we are to be estoppeu from arraigning this
Administration for extravagance in its expendi-
tures of the public money-, we are to be estopped
because we voted for the appropriation.
The Union of yesterday had the following par-
agraph;
'• Wc hear,accordingly, loud compl linK a^air^t the Army
pvpendimrn. il is elinrjrnl that it line inn up in twelve
VHiisfrom$9,000,00ato,$l9,0l)t>.0ll0; uiulitt tin-iT-tatncimit,
ilinnirh voted by n Black Republican li'ni-c of Rejirn.-'ent
ntivt;*. * ome of the members who voted 101 11 now aiu'Cl
to frt.ni'J appalled and a^rliu«t. 11 itweio a lact that the
Annvanpropiianotri were npvvani- or nineteen million- lor
the exp'tmig li*c.tl J car, tin icspoii-iliilny would belong as
lullv to the iilaek liepilhiieau 11 nuse winell voted tlicm, as
to the Demoeiatic Senate Hint coucuried in, and the Detn-
octanc Administration thai administered, tliern. But the
fact i-i not so.
That paper, it will be seen, holds that because
we voted for extravagant appropriations for the
Army, we have no light to make any question^
about the extravagance in the expenditures ot
the public money by the Executive. It turns
out, Mr. Chairman, that the Republicans had not
a majority ill the last Iiouwe, and that they are
not, therefore, responsible at all lor any appro-
priation made at that tune. This, everybody
knows. 1 hold that if there is to be anything in
the shape of responsibility at all on the part of
the. executive department, if this House proposes
to put any effective check on the expenditure of
the public money, it must, hold the Executive
responsible for the expenditures which are made.
And if we are to be called upon, and it is to be
held to be our duty, to vote appropriations for
whatever expenditures may be made, whether
they be authorized by law or not, and whether
they be necessary or not, why, then, there is no
cueck and 110 accountability.
The argument of the gentleman from California
[Mr. Bcuxr] might have been a veiy proper one
a year ago. It'might be very proper to say in
advance that the money was necessary for this
expenditure. But his argument is, that inasmuch
as it was necessary to spend this money, there-
fore, the Executive ought to do it. According to
the gentleman's argument, the Executive is made
the sole judge of the necessities of the country,
and of what money is necessary to be expended
for any paiticnlar purpose. Now, sir, I submit
that it is the province and the duty of the House
to d< termme 
[Here the hammerfell.]
Air. PHELPS. I think the gentleman from
Ohio is laboring under a misapprehension, when
he attempts to hold this Administration responsi-
ble for tlie deficiency provided for in the clause
now under consideration. If this amendment
shall prevail, its effect will be to prevent the gen-
tlemen who have performed these labors—those
who weie employed by the deputy surveyors,
under contracts made with the surveyor general
of California, and who went into the field, and
traced the lines which they were instructed to run
•from obtaining remuneration for those labors.
If they were the guilty persons; if they were
the persons who had violated the law; if they
were the person's who had' exceeded the instruc-
tions given to them by the late Secretary of the
Interior, I should be disposed to treat this as a
private claim, and let them come to Congress apd
ask relief. But the surveyor general of that State,
Mr. Hays, I believe, made contracts with deputy
surveyors for the surveying of township lines,
and for the sectionizing of many of these town-
ships. The deputy surveyors, believing that the
surveyor general had authority to make the con-
tracts which he did make with them, went for-
ward, and in good faith executed their contracts,
and performed every stipulation in them, and
their work was submitted to the surveyor general
and approved by him, and has been submitted to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office and
approved by hmi. The plats of those townships
are now in the General Land Office. The sur-
veyor general, having exceeded the authority
vested in him bylaw, has been removed from the
position which he held, by this Administration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I un-
derstand the gentleman to say that Mr. Hays,
the surveyor general of California, has been re-
moved?
Mr. PHELPS. I say he has been removed by
this Administration. i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has he been ,
removed from office ? • i
Mr. PHELPS. He has. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
not, but that lie has been transferred from Call-
fornia to Utah.
Mr. MORGAN. I know that is the fact.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He has not ,
been removed from office to this day.
Mr. PHELPS. He was removedfrom the office
of surveyor general of California. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the gen- '
tleman if he is not in office now by the appoint-
ment of this Administration?
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir; I am informed that
he is not. The Secretary of the Interior informed I
mc, in a conversation which I had with him on
the subject, that he is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has he not
been appointed to the office of surveyor general
of Utah by tins Administration?
Mr. PIIELPS. He has not been so appointed,
as I am informed. He is holdingno office at this
time, as I am informed. I say then, sir, that the
question is this: will you, after these men have
made contracts with the surveyor general, be-
lieving that he lmd authority to make such con-
tracts, and have performed this labor for the Gov-
ernment, of which the Government is now reaping
the benefit, will you deprive the properauthorities
of the means of paying for the services thus per-
formed? And that, too, when you find that the
conduct of the officer who exceeded his authority
has met with the disapprobation of the executive
department of the Government^, and that he has
been removed from office ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question rpcurred on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Sherman, of Ohio.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend the clause pro-
posed to be stricken out, by increasing the amount
of the appropriation $5,000. .
Mr. Chairman, there seems to be a misunder-
standing on the part of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washbdk.ve,] in relation to the late
surveyor general of the State ol California, and I
wish to make a statement in regard to that matter.
Colonel Hays, who was surveyor general of Cal-
ifornia, acting in good faith, and believing that
the Government would make an ample and suffi-
cient appropriation tor the surveys of our State,
exceeded the appropriation to the amount of
4220,000. As the gentleman from Missouri has j
stated, he entered intocontracts Willi various par-
ties to make surveys of the public lands in the
State, and they put their men into the field. A
letter was addressed to him by the Department,
ordering him to curtail his expenses. That let-
ter was in transitu at the time he made tne con
late to recall them. The indebtedness had been
incurred. He, as the official agent of the Govern-
ment, had taken upon himself the responsibility
of entering into contracts with these parties. The
Senators from: California and my colleague and
myself made strenuous efforts with the Adminis-
tration, and, with the. Department of the Interior^
to keep Colonel Hays in office—for there never
lived a more gallant or a more honest man. We
went and begged and intreated that he should be
allowed to retain his office. Wo were told: "No;
we cannot retain him because he has disobeyed
instructions* and it would be establishing a bad
precedent. Although we believe that every word
you utter in testimony to his high character as
a man is true,.the law mu?t h>e enforced andh&
must be removed."
But, sir, to prevent any tarnish of-the name-of
a man revered and honored by every American,,
and who has frequently spilled his blood upon the
hattle-field in his country'^ cause, the President
MJJ. WtlO « IV UllllJHW .......
tracts, and he did not receive it until it was too
auu who imo rTr "V
battle-field in his country's cause, the President
voluntaiily offered him the position of surveyor-
general of Utah as a guarantee to the country that
the act for which he was removed was nothing
but what was considered a breach of duty ^cast-
ing no reflection upon him as a man. That is ex-
actly the state of affairs, and he never has accepted
the position tendered him.
His removal from the office of surveyor gen-
eral of California has been a source of sorrow and
regret to every honest man throughout the length
and breadth ofthatState,for he is universally he-
loved for his noble qualities.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I oppose the
amendment to the amendment for the purpose of
saying a word or two. I know nothing' in par-
ticular in regard to Colonel Jack Hays. But I
understood the gentleman from Missouri to claim
! great credit for the Administration for having re-
1 moved him from the office of surveyor general
! of California on account of his transactions there
| in regard to surveying the public lands. In reply
| to that I stated, what I understood to be the fact,
j that this same man, for removing whom from of-
I (ice, great credit is claimed for the Administration,
i has been appointed surveyor general of Utah.
1 That I still understand, to be the fact, although I
understand further that he has not accepted the
appointment. That is all 1 have to say.
Mr. PHELPS. ■ I stated, that he was removed
from the office of surveyor general of California.
Mr. SCOTT withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman s
amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gajinett
anil Lovf.joy were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—aves 50, noes 72.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LETCHER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Strike out $1,311, in the one hundred and fortieth line,
and insert as tollows: .
And the increase of business in the inspection and dep-
redation offices of said Department, $5,218.
So as to make the section read : ,
For pavment to clerks temporarily employed m the Post
Otiiec Oopu-tment, on account of the extraordinary labors
connected with the lettmgs of new contracts for the term
commencing oil the 1st July, 1838, and the increase ol bnsi-
ncs^. in the inspection and depredation offices of said De-
partment $5,218.
This additional $1,907 isfor the service of clerks
employed in the inspection and depredation offices
of the Post Office Department. The number of
cases in these offices was, in 1849, one thousand
two hundred and twenty-four, and in 1837 two
thousand and sixty-two; and the Postmaster Gen-
eral reports that it is absolutely necessary, in order
to keep up with the business of that branch of the
service,that these clerks should be employed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am in favor of the increase
in regard to the depredation office.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I offer the following amend-
ment to come after the last:
For litrhtm? tlie President's House, and Capitol,tlie pub-
he giouuds around them and around the executive omCCf.,
and Pennsylvania avenue, and Bridge and High streets m
Georgetown, $5,000.
There is a full explanation of the reason for this
amendment in a communication irom the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings.
