490
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May §],
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Washington and Oregon War Claims—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
of the State government but one sixth what they
pay for the support of the National Government;
for one half of the above $2,609,000 is paid for
schools.
The statement that we pay $6,000,000 to the
national Government is based on these facts:
1. The average national revenue* (wholly in-
direct) is about sixty-five million dollars per
annum. This year it maybe $70,000,000; but
$65,000,000 is a fair average.
2. The entire amount of this is paid by the
white inhabitants of the United States, except-
ing, perhaps, a very few free blacks.
3. Of the white population of the United States,
the State of Ohio has just about one tenth.
4. The people of Ohio have as much property,
and live quite as comfortably as the people of any
section of the Union.
5. From these facts, it follows inevitably, that
the people of Ohio consume one tenth of all the
products on which the custom-house tax is lev-
ied, as iron, sugar,&c. They also, undoubtedly,
pay their full proportion of what is paid for pub-
lic lands. In the last ten years, full seventy thou-
sand people have gone from Ohio to Iowa alone.
This is a matter of certainty. Millions of our
capital have been sent West and invested in the
public lands of the new States and Territories, and
nave contributed to swell the Federal exchequer.
The conclusion, then, is unavoidable, that the
people of Ohio contribute one tenth, namely,
$6,500,000, to the national revenue. For caution's
sake, 1 put it at $6,000,000.
Is it not fair and just that a State so liberal and
ready to do her part toward the Federal revenue
should receive some consideration. Even in a time
when the Treasury seems depressed, when she
presents a case of necessity and urgency, should
she not have a small quota of the public expend-
iture? Ohio gives freely to the improvements
of the coast. She has paid her tithe for the main-
tenance of our noble little Army. She has voted
to sustain the Navy which bears our flag; and
though " inland far she be," she is as ready to-
day to vote supplies of bulls and powder, shells
and ships, and other instruments of naval warfare,
to punish British insolence and aggression, and
maintain the nationality of our flag, as she was
in her youth, on the 10th of February, 1810,
when, by the resolutions of her Legislature, she
pioneered the sentiment which led to the late war
with England. In every relation which Ohio sus-
tains to the Federal Government, she has shown
a fidelity and a putiiottsm which it ia not now
in bad taste, I trust, to recall, when 1 ask for her
beautiful capital, which I am proud to represent
here, a structure which may at once decorate it
with a monument of elegance, and subserve the
most piaetieal purposes of a prosperous and grow-
ing population.
I conclude, Mr. Chairman, by moving that the
committee iise.
Mr. LEITER. I wish to ask my colleague a
question here, Have I not quoted coircctly the
remarks of Governor Paine?
Mr. COX. 1 expect you have. 1 cxpect that
Governor Paino will say the same thing upon the
stump in Ohio in the next canvass. We will stand
up to the doctiine of the Cincinnati platform, and
we will, I have no doubt, after Ike election, have
the gratification of knowing tlmt we have again
thrashed our Republican opponents. Wo will not
claim the victciy until it has been won. We will
not go into ecstacies over a result until it has been
announced. We will not, as the gentleman ftom
Virginia says my colleague has done, count our
chickens before they are hatched.
Mr. LEITER. Did I not quote from the Dem-
ocratic Central Committee of Ohio correctly?
Mr. COX. 1 am not positive about that. I
should like to examine for myself. 1 have no
doubt the gentleman has endeavored to quote cor-
rectly.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The Democrats of
the South only ask that the people of Kansas shall
manage their own affairs in their own way. Let
that be conceded to them, and there will not be a
murmur from us.
Mr. COX. That is my doctrine.
Mr. LEITER. My colleague must know that
I would not quote what was not a true extract.
Mr. COX, I concede that.
WASHINGTON AND OREGON WAR CLAIMS.
SPEECH OF HON. I. I. STEVENS,
OF WASHINGTON,
In the House of Representatives,
May 31,' 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. STEVENS said;
Mr Chairman: I take this occasion to present
a few observations in regard to the Washington
and Oregon warclatm. This is a matter certainly
of some little consequence, for it involves no less
a sum than $6,000,000. Incident to this, how-
ever, is another question of more importance still,
namely: the character and honor of the peonle of
those distant Territories, and the honor of our
whole country. One question touches the Treas-
ury of the United States, and the other the good
name of the people of the United States. I shall
dwell upon them both. 1 shall endeavor to vin-
dicate the character and conduct of the people of
those Territories, and the operations undertaken
by the authorities of those Territories for the pur-
pose of suppressing Indian hostilities. I shall
endeavor to show that those operations were ne-
cessary, that they were economical, and that they
aie entitled to the confidence and sympathy of
the country; and finally, I shall endeavor to show
by precedents, by the course of the Government
in regard to other portions of the country, that
we have a right to expect prompt and ample jus-
tice from the Congress of the United States.
Mr. Chairman,ithas been often charged against
us that that war was brought on by outrages upon
the rights of the Indians; that it was gotten up
for the purpose of speculation; and that it was
the treaties which caused the war. Well, sir,
suppose the treaties did causc the war; suppose
we did have vagabonds in that country who com-
mitted outrages upon the Indians; suppose some
few citizens were operated upon by the motive of
making a speculation out of the war; if these
things be true, did they make it any less the duty
of the people and of the authorities of the Ter-
ritories, a war having come upon them, to protect
the settlements? What account would an Ex-
ecutive have had to render, who, when he heard
that the Indians weiedevastating the settlements,
burning the houses, and massac-reing the women
and children, had declined to protect those settle-
ments, on the ground that here and there a white
man had outraged the Indians, and had driven
them to arms ? Suppose the treaties did incite the
war, was it the fault of the people of those Ter-
ritories? Was the appointmentof commissioners,
the calling together of councils, and the forming
of treaties, their act? Not at all. It was the act
of your Government. It was the act of your
Congress. It was done under the orders of your
Picsidcnt. The people of the Territories cer-
tainly were not responsible, nor were the Exec-
utives of those people responsible. Sir, it does
seem to me that it would be trifling with the in-
telligence, and insulting the understandings of
gentlemen of this committee, if I were to under-
take to defend the people of those Territories
from the charge of having brought about this war
for purposes of speculation. Who are the peo-
ple of those Territories? IIow did they get there ?
Were they mere vagabonds and outcasts? Did
they go there without law, and give to the world
an example of lawlessness and insubordination'1
No, sir, they weie American citizens, the very
choice and flower of your yeomanry. They went
there carrying with them the arts and arms, the
laws and institutions of their country, and there
they planted empire and civilization. How is this
Government, and how are the people of these
States known upon that coast? It is through the
eighty-odd thousand people there who have given
to the woild, from their first settlement, an ex-
ample of a law-abiding, an industrious, a patriotic,
a suffering—ay, and a heroic people. You are
known there through them, and through the insti-
tutions which they have carried there with them.
Sir, when men talk about vagabonds m that coun-
try,! might with propriety refer them to Baltimore,
and to Philadelphia,and to NewYork,and to all
your large cities,and even to this national capital.
Have you no vagabonds? Have you no courts,
no juries, no jails, no penitentiaries? Why, even
here, murder stalks at noon-day, and has marched
in procession. It has controlled the elections of
a neighboring city; and this, too, in your densely
populated old States—this, too, in your cities,
where civilization and refinement reign. I say to
gentlemen who fling the term vagabond into our
faces, first pull the beam out of your own eye,
and then you can see clearly to pull the mote out
of your brother's eye.
6ut, Mr. Chairman, I most emphatically deny
all these charges; and I speak from the most
abundant opportunities of personal observation.
The good name of that people is dear to me.
They have behaved in such a manner as entitles
them—not to sufferance, not simply to be passed
along, but entitles them to your admiration and
praise. They have held high advanced the flag of
their country's honor, and have maintainedtthe
humanity and beneficence of its institutions.
Mr. Chairman, the Indian tribes of those two
Territories number some forty-odd thousand
souls: in Washington some twenty-two thousand,
and in Oregon some twenty thousand. When the
war commenced, in 1855, we had in Washington
only about seventeen hundred able-bodied white
men. The Indian tribes were all greatly disaf-
fected ; and their friendship could not be depended
on. They numbered in the neighborhood of Pu-
get Sound alone some two thousand five hundred
warriors, whilst on that sound we had not over
one thousand able-bodied white men. Eastofthe
Cascades the Indian tribes are rich, proud, and
brave. They had great chiefs—such chiefs as
Kam-i-a-y-kan and Pu-pu-mux-mux. They had
shown their prowess in war; at one time requir-
ing the provisional government of Oregon to exert
all its strength in order to punish them for the
atrocities committed in the robbery and murder
of Mr. Whitman and his whole family. In the
summer of 1855, just before the war commenced,
the general impression in both Territories was,
that there was little or no fear of war; for, Mr.
Chairman, we had had rumors of this during pre-
vious years. The Indians had been, more or less,
disaffected for a long time. There were many
rumorsof disaffection in thespring of 1855,though
they were generally disciedited. In the spring of
1855 both Colonel Bonneville, in command of the
Columbia river district, and Major Rains, in com-
mand at the Dalles, came to the conclusion that
the Walla-Walla chief, Pu-pu-mux-mux, ought
to be seized and putin confinement, on the ground
that he was getting up a general Indian war; and
he would have been seized, and put m confine-
ment, had it not been for the persuasions of the
Indian officers, who, equally with myself, dis-
credited the reports, and had confidence in Pu-
pu-mux-mux.
Previous to my going to the Walla-Walla coun-
cil, word was sent to me by the good father Rich-
ard, the superior of the missions in Yakima and
Cayuse country, that the Yakimas, Cayuses, and
Walla-Wallas would attend that council with a
hostile purpose, and that 1 would go thereat the
hazard of my life. 1 had warning from various
sources; but the council had been called, and I
went there in good faith, in order to attend to the
business for which it had been called. We were
in council fourteen days, in friendly council and
friendly converse with the chiefs and the great
body of the people of all these tribes. All these
chiefs, who afterwards took up arms, were in my
camp, and sat at my table during these fourteen
days. I talked with them morning and evening,
besides our formal talks in council; and in regard
to that council this House has now in its posses-
sion an official record of its proceedings—a record
which was taken verbatim by two secretaries sep-
arately. It is not a fixed up or patched up con-
cern. It has been charged that the Indians there
were threatened, and that force was brought to
bear in order to get their consent to the conces-
sions they made. Mr. Chairman, how ridiculous
the charge ! General Palmer and myself were the
commissioners, and with the Indian agents, a few
employes, and twenty-five soldiers to preserve
order on the council ground, we met there fifteen
hundred warriors, brave and proud men; and I
say it is ridiculous to talk of our using threats
and bringing force to bear to get them to yield to
