1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
i m
The letter was read, as follows:
Office of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
February £5, 1838.
Sir: f have received a letter from Joseph F.Brown, sec-
retary of the Waslunston (ias Light Company, stating that
he hud presented Captain Meigs bills for gas consmnedin
the Capitol extension for the months of Deeember and Jan-
uary la-t, amounting to $1,45J 75, of which sum Captain
M is only willing to pay .$650, leaving a balance of
$?9J 7.% which the company expects ine to pay.
The appropriation for the current year was ntadeinthe
fall of l&iS, when there was not any prospect of the exten-
sion being readv for occupancy for legislative purpose*;
and, therefore, the eost of lighting that portion of the build-
ing was not included in the estimate, and for the same rea-
son it was not included in the estimate for the next fiscal
year, f cannot, o( course, pay out of the present appropri-
ation tiie hill for lighting the extent-ion, as I should not be
able to continue the limiting of the Capitol, President's
II.>u-e, Pennsylvania avenue, &<*., which alone were con-
tPinpiated in the appropriation. ! have no data upon which
to make a reliable estimate of the cost of lighting the two
extensions.
I am informed that there are orie thousand two hundred
and sivty burners, b-sides fourteen or fifteen thousand j?ti<
above the glass ceiling in the new Representative Hall.
These jot's are merely used to ignite the burners, and are
then shut off. The one thousand two hundred and bixty
burners will average eight feet of gas per hour each ; or a
total of ten thousand and eighty cubic feet per hour, at a
cost of ."$35 10 In addition, all the offices, hall&, pa^sajres,
committee room*, &c .are profusely supplied with gas burn-
ers, and of course will consume an enoimous quantity of
gas. The ga* consumed la«-t month in the old Capitol,
Piesidtmt's House, President's pqtiare, Laf,avette square,
and from the Navy Yard to Ceoraotmvn, on Pennsylvania
avenmi,amounted,all told to .§1.978 13. Duringthesame
period. I am informed, the ga* consumed m the Capitol ex-
tCM<-ion alone amounted to «l ,000.
If >ou determine that I should pay for lighting the exten-
sion. I re-apeettullv ^ugsest that you ask for an appropria-
tion of .<5." .0^0 additional for the em rent vear, and §IU,OJO
additional for the year enditi? June 30.1859.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient *'mv;  it,
JNO. II. 15ijAK Commissioner,
lion. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the last:
Foi the pun-base of the Masonic Temple in the city of
Ro-to'i, for i he accommodation of the United State? courts,
<m terms agreed on by tin; Secretary of the Fnterioi and the
propuetoix thereof, in addition to the sum ot §100,000 ap-
propriated by the act of JJd Maieh, 1857, for the crection of
a building lorf.au! purpose, §5,(KM.
The house was bought for $105,000. The
$100,000 was paid, and this balance of $5,000 is
due.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a point of order.
This bill purports to be a bill to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1858, and this
amendment is to be used in the next fiscal year.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair asks whether
this is a deficiency in the appropriation for this
year ?
Mr. LETCHER. I understand it to be a de-
ficiency in this way: $1(10,003 was appropriated
for the purpose of making this purchase, but a
discretionary power was left in the Secretary. He
could not make the purchase for the $100,OU0, but
gave ^ 105,000. The Government is in possession
of the property, and this sum is asked to com-
plete the contract
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the last:
Por compensation of the surveyor funeral of Utah Ter-
ntoiy, from January 1,1858, to June 3d, L857, $1,5J0.
That occurs in this way: F3y the first section of
the act Of February 21, 1856, the surveyor gen-
eral's salary was increased from $3,000 to $4,000;
and the $1,500 is to supply the deficiency in con-
sequence of that legislation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRYAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Add the following words to the second section:
Abo, *j2'J.OOO to pay l>. G. Burnett, and other claims of
citizens of Texas, tor timber and othoi property taken, and
jnjiuy done to their lands, for the benefit of military posts
in Texas.
Mr. STANTON. Is that amendment in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
it is not m order, it bein£ a private claim.
Mr. BRYAN, if the Chair will wait a moment
he may not make that decision. This is to sup-
ply a deficiency in the appi opriation made at last
session ofCongress forthe payment ofsaid claims.
The quartermaster general has informed me that
$20,000 is required to supply that deficiency.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask whether an appeal has
been taken ?
The CHAIRMAN. An appeal hag not been
taken. The Chair rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. GARNETT. I now offer die resolution
Which I have already indicated'for reporting the
bill to the House with the recommendation that
it be recommitted'to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions.
"the CHAIRMAN. The proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia will be entertained un-
less further amendments be offered to the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to stnke out the third
section in relation to the extra compensation.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has not that section been
passed ?
The CHAIRMAN. The part proposed to he
stricken out by the gentleman from Alabama was
the last section of the bill, and was not passed by
the committee. The gentleman from Alabama
rose as soon as it had been read, but the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Garnett] was first rec-
ognized. The motion of the gentleman from Al-
abama is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is- the section which
provides for the extra compensation. 1 have no
remarks to make in reference to it.
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded tellers upon the
motion to strike out.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Taylor ,of
New York, and Waldron were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
thirty in the affirmative—a further count was not
demanded.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COBB. 1 move to amend by adding at the
end of the third section the following:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be paid
for services claimed puor to the commencement the Con
gross which passed the resolution or resoiutrons under
which said claim or claims may be now or hereafter made."
The object of thatamendment, Mr. Chairman,
will be apparent to any memberwho has listened
to its reading. I now propose to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] who offered
one of these resolutions under which back pay
was claimed by the Journal clerk of the House,
whether it was his purpose to give him that back
pay when he offered the resolution?
1 have been a member of Congress for some
years. I was a member when the Journal clerk,
Mr. Barclay, first came into office. At the last
Congress I voted against these resolutions; but
while I might have been in favor of paying this
individual this compensation for the last Con-
gress, I never expected it would go back to the
time when he commenced his services in the
House. 1 ask the gentleman from Indiana, there-
fore, frankly to state whether it was his intention,
when he offered this resolution in the last Con-
gress, that it should include back pay for the last
eight or ten years, and my vote upon this section
may depend very much upon his answer. I ask |
the question because I do not believe it was the !
intention of the gentleman who offered it to m- i
elude back pay, nor do I believe it was the inten- I
tion of Mr. Barclay himself. j
Mr. COLFAX. ^Thegenileman from Alabama, i
as well ai myself, can understand the resolution i
when it is read. When it was offered, it was !
read twice, in the hearing of the House, at the
Clerk's desk, before it was acted upon. Similar
resolutions, in almost similar language, were
passed by almost the unanimous consent of both
sides of the House. I can only say that the reso-
lution speaks for itself.
Mr. COBB. That is not answering the ques-
tion. Did the gentleman, when he offered the
resolution, intend it to include back pay for the
last eight or ten years? The gentleman can an-
swer the question directly?
Mr. COLFAX. I propose to answer the ques-
tion exactly as I please. 1 state that, when 1 of-
fered that resolution, every man who was a mem-
ber of the House knew what Mr. Barclay's ser- j
vices had been. They knew how valuable they ]
were to the House. 1
Mr. COBB. I have only five minutes, and I j
cannot yield to the gentleman to make a speech, j
I am well awaie of the value of Mr. Barclay's :
services; but I believe he has never, until recently, ;
been dissatisfied with the compensation he re-
ceived. The gentleman from Indiana says this res- j
olutiorr was? read twice by die Clerk. I know very
well the manner in which such resolutions werd
How many members of this Hdusre anf
derstood that it was tti provide for back pay ? If
I was satisfied that was the intention of'the House
I wbuld vote for the third Section, forTa'm"con-
scientious-as to paying what We Have pledged our
faith to pay. But 1 do not believe that five mem-
bers of the House, nor Mr. Barclay himself Ex-
pected, when the resolution passed, that it w4# to
go back to the commencement of his* servi&e's:itt
this House.
Mr. COLFAX. I'defeire to say that I ani will-
ing to call to the witness stand" Linn Boyd, of
Kentucky, Howell Cobb, of Georgia, Natiiamefl
P. Banks, of Massachusetts, and J'aMf.s L. Ork,
of South Carolina, and1 to ask them to put their de-
cision on record as to what his services are worth.
I would be willing, indeed, to submit this whole
question to either of them. There is not a man
who has sat in this Hall or in the past Congresses
but what knows the preeminent and unsurpassed
qualification of Mr. Barclay for the responsible
position which he now occupies. He is trot only
valuable in his own sphere, but- in rftany others
in the presence and view of the House. When
the gentleman from Alabama is not1 satisfied with
the answer I gave hiwi, I say he' has no right to
ask me the question at all. I liave the right to
answer it exactly afc I pteasre. I proposed' the
resolution, after consultation with many older
members, and it speaks for itself, plainly and un-
equivocally by its language. Not ten members
voted against it, and I am willing now to ask thfe
Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Howell Cobb, of
Georgia, whether he thinks that that resolution
gives one dollar more to this gentleman than what
his services are justly worth ?
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer an amendment to
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. According to the general
practice of the committee, it is not in order for the
gentleman to amend his own amendment.
Mr. COBB. 1 propose, then, to modify it.
The CHAIRMAN. Nor can the gentleman
modify it.
Mr. COBB. I only want to get the floor to
make a speech, and put myself right before the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrsj Dewart
and Curtis were appointed.
The amendment was rejected; the tellers having
reported—ayes 50, noes 84.
Mr. COBB. I move to strike out, in the fourth
line, the words " or may be;" and 1 will give my
reasons for that motion. If these words are
stricken out, there will be left the essential part
of the section, and that which has Been paid out
by the officer of this House to any of its employes
will be sufficiently provided for.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 ask the gentleman from
Indiana again to answer my question—whether
it was ever contemplated to pay all this extra com-
pensation to Mr. Barclay ? The gentleman' dodges
that question, and does not answer it. If he will
come up, and state that, when he offered the res-
olution, such was his intention, and that he is
perfectly satisfied the House of Representatives
intended to vote that amount of money when it
passed his resolution, I may coricurwnh him, be-
cause I am against the repudiation of any honest
debt. But I am satisfied in my own mind that
that was not the intention of the House; and I
believe that such was not the intention of the gen-
tleman; and I will continue to believe so, unless
he answers my question. I must believe, too, that
my worthy friend, Mr. Barclay, never contem-
plated receiving any such amount of money. I
believe that he is an honest man, and would not
attempt to practice any trick upon this House.
I am well aware of the valuable service of the
Journal clerk, and the valuable services which ho
has rendered to this House and the country in the
capacity which he occupies. I never heard that
he was not amply compensated for these services
at any time during the nine or ten years previous
to the passage of this resolution. I nevur heard
him complain when he received $1,800 or $2,160,
that it was not an adequate compensation for the
services which he rendered. It has not been Jong
since he got twenty per cent, addition to that'sal-
ary, and with that addition his salary amounts to
very near as much as the members themselves
