1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44a?.
by our citizens? Shall we pay her a price for
rendering to our people what is equitably theirs?
Shall we purchase justice at the hands of any
Government on earth ? As an American citizen,
sir, I say no, never!
If Spain is justly indebted to the citizens of this
Republic, let theirdemandsbe properly presented,
with the requisite proof, and it is more than prob-
ablethey will be recognized and paid. Butifthey
are not—if they are rejected—then let her as we
would let Mexico, or Central America, know,
under similar circumstances, that justice must
be done, without evasion, equivocation, or delay.
Sir,weare not, I trust, so pitifully weak and so des-
picably mean as to be compelled to pay a price
for the privilege of fair dealing with foreign Pow-
ers. As we grant justice to others, so we should
require it at their hands; and it is not idle boast-
ing to say, that if wc firmly demand it we shall
speedily receive it.
How different is the language of the President
from that used by Jackson relative to another
European nation, whose power is far more formid-
able than that of Spain. But this is not surpris-
ing, notat all;for" progress"—the " Democratic
progress" of the last twenty years, of which we
hear so much—has played strange pranks with
American parties and politics, and wrought mar-
velous changes in the opinions and character of
American Presidents and judges !
But, sir, if it is really desirable, as I doubt not
it is, to improve the " tone and temper" of the
Spanish Government and the Spanish people to-
wards the American Republic, I can suggest a
remedy easy of application, that will accomplish
all the most earnest friend of peace could wish;
and that, too, without drawing upon the almost
empty vaults of the Federal Treasury.
Sir, let us convince our transatlantic neighbor
that we are not a nation of pirates. Let us prove
to her that we respect and will observe and en-
force the laws of nations. Let us give her to un-
derstand that the sacred rights of property shall
not be violated; that neither the strong arm of the
Government, nor the bloody hand of the filibus-
ter, shall wrest from her, or attempt to wrest from
her, the beautiful and fertile islands over which
she rules in this western hemisphere. Let us
repudiate the false doctrine, which has found too
many supporters in high places, that those islands
are ours of right, are necessary to our safety, and
must be secured at whatever cost of blood or
treasure.
Why, sir, so bold and reckless, so lawless and
rampant,has this filibustering spirit become, that
it <easts off all restraint, overleaps all barriers, and
here, in these council halls of the Republic, openly
dcclarcs in favor of " national grand larceny."
Said the gentleman from New York, [Mr. £1as-
kjn,] the other day—
" I beg ihe gentlemen of the South not to believe that I
am m the least tinctured with any sickly sentimentality on
the subject of fillibusterism. I am a national fUhbustcr,but
am against individual fillibusterism, which retards the con-
summation of my desire with regard to Central America and
other territories which we ought to have, 1 believe that the
time has corne when the application of the doetiine3 pro-
mulgated by the Ostend manifesto is necessary for the pro-
tection and preservation of our Pacific possessions and the
continuance of our commercial rights in that quarter."
* * * * * * *
"I am for the nation seizing upon Cuba, and, for that
purpose, suspending the neutrality law. I am a national
filibuster, and will go with the gentleman from South Car-
olina to that extent. And let me say that northern Demo-
crats are right on the subject. They believe that they have
come by this feeling naturally from their mother country,
the countiy which gave to the South her cavaliers, and to
the North a great many of her puritans and roundheads. We
northern Democrats believe that the Government should,
by conquest, do certain things; but that this business of
Walker was committing petty larceny. We northern Dem-
ocrats are rather 111 favor of nationafgrand larceny."
There, sir, is what I suppose we may properly
term the last revised creed of the national filibus-
ters. That is fillibusterism gone to seed ! That is
modern, progressive, pro-slavery Democracy run
mad! That is piracy reduced to system; robbery
made respectable; the old tyrannic principle that
" might makes right" republicanized and held up
for the younger members of the Democratic fam-
ily to study, and for the older ones to swear by !
It is the same dogma that has been in the mouths
of tyrants from the earliest history of our race
till the present moment; the same that has kept
nine tenths of mankind in slavery; that has filled
the world with chains and wretchedness and woe,
and spread darkness more fearful than that of
midnight over the greater part of man's earthly
heritagp!
Sir, if we would put the Government and peo-
ple of Spain in better " tone and temper" towards
this Republic, wc can very readily do it by repu-
diating all such unfounded dogmas, and by show- j
ing, both by our words and our acts, that we still j
have regard for the rights of nations and for inter- 1
national law. Said the Father of his country in i
his farewell address:
" Obseive good faith and justice towards all nations; cul-
tivate peacc and harmony with all; religion and morality
enjoin this conduct, and can it be that good policy does not
equally enjoin it.?"
How worthy these words of their distinguished
author! Well will it be for us, and for those that
are to come after us, if we give heed to this sage
advice, ared by every proper means seek to " cul-
tivate peace and harmony with all nations." Let
us do this in good faith, and that feeling of amity
and good will that so long oxistpd between the
two nations, will beat once restored. The " tone
and temper" of the Spanish nation towards this
Republic will be changed, and all our minor diffi- I
cultics can be readily and amicably adjusted.
But now, sir, let us come to the real merits of
this Amistad case. The President avers his belief
that " this indemnity is justly dueunderthc treaty
with Spain, of the 27th October, 1795." The
ninth article of the treaty is the one mainly relied
on by the advocates of this indemnity, as it was
by the pretended owners of the Amistad negroes
at the time the cause was tried in the United States I
courts. That article provides: j
<c That all ships and merchandise, of what nature soever, '
which shall be rescued out of the hands of any pirates or
robbers on the hnrh seas, ^hall be brought into some poit of
either State, and shall be delivered to the custody of the offi-
cers of that port, in order to be taken care of and restored
entire to the true proprietor, as soon as due and sufficient
proof shall be made concerning the property thereof."
As Mr. Justice Story well said, in delivering the
opinion of the court:
Ci To bring the case within the article, it b essential to
establish • Fust, That thp<e negroes, tinder ail the circum-
stances, fall within the description of merchandise 111 the
sense of the treaty; Secondly, That there has been a rescue
of them on the high seas out of the hands of the pirates and
robbers; and, thirdly, That Ruiz & Montez, the asserted
proprietors, arc the tiue proprietors, and have established
their title by competent pi oof."
First, then, do these negroes fall within the de-
scription of merchandise in the sense of the treaty?
It appeared in evidence before the court, that
" they were natives of Africa, and were kidnapped
there, and were unlawfully transported to Cuba,
in violation of the laws and treaties of Spain, and :
the most solemn odicts and declarations of that !
Government." Spain, by treaty with Great Brit- '
ain, had abolished the slave trade as early as 1820;
and had directed that every negro introduced into .
her colonies in violation of the treaty, should be |
declared free in the first port at which he should
arrive. Again, in 1835, another treaty was made '
between Great Britain and Spain, for the avowed ,
purpose of " rendering the means taken forabol- .
ishing the inhuman traffic in slaves more effect- j
ive." In this last treaty it is said: "The slave ;
trade is again declared, on the part of Spain, to
be, henceforward, totally and finally abolished, in
all parts of the world." And still later, by royal !
ordinance, on the 2d of November, 1838, the !
authorities of Cuba were stimulated to renewed j
efforts to suppress the " inhuman traffic." 1
Such, in brief, were the laws and treaties of
Spain, when, in 1830, these negroes were stolen j
by pirates—pirates by the laws of our own coun- 1
try and worse than pirates by the laws of God— I
and unlawfully carried to the Island of Cuba. A !
few days later, while being conveyed by the Am- i
istad to another part of the island, they rose on '
their oppressors, achieved their independence, |
and some two months afterward were captured by j
a United States vessel on the Long Island coast, i
They had never been reduced to slavery. They j
were free by the laws of Spain; free by the laws 1
of nations; and free, as they ever had been, by !
the eternal, impartial, and unchanging laws of,
Heaven. They were, as they ever had been, in i
that condition in which a very respectable and |
venerable public document declares that" all men j
are created;" they were "free, "and there was no 1
law in the Spanish 'dominions or in the United j
States by which they could be reduced to slavery, j
But, sir, I go further than this, and assert that,
if these Amistad Africans had been slaves by the
laws of Spain, the treaty-making power of Una
nation had no authority to surrender them as
"merchandise." It had no constitutional'right
to treat them as 41 merchandise," in any manner
whatsoever.
Whence does the treaty-making power derive
its authority? Of course, from the second para-
graph of section two of the second article of the
Constitution. 11 is true the language there-used
ia indefinite, and were it not for other parts of
the instrument, the President and Senate would
scarcely have any bounds set to their authority
as a treaty-making power. But all parts of the
Constitution must be harmoniously construed;
and inasmuch as it nowhere speaks of men as
"merchandise;" nowhere speaks of them as prop-
erty; nowhere even speaks of them as slaves; it
is doing violence to language, and outraging the
rights.of the people, to assume that it sanctions
the idea that men are or can be property. Indeed,
the tenor of the whole instrument is unequivo-
cally and emphatically anti-slavery. It was " or-
dained and established" by " the people of the
United States" to secure, among other things,
" the blessings of liberty to themselves and their
posterity." It was to secure those "inalienable
rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness," in defense of which tney had recently
parted so freely with their blood and treasure.
They had just emancipated themselves from Brit-
ish thralldom; they had justdeclared to the world, :
in the most solemn manner, their unqualified be-
lief " that all men arc created equal; they had :
at divers times and places expressed in strong
terms their disapprobation of the slave trade, and,
in not a few instances, their anxiety to secure the
freedom of the whole people. I might quote, almost
without number, instances in which southern
men in revolutionary days, m eloquent terms,
condemned the African slave trade—that very
traffic, by virtue of which the President now calls
upon us to make this appropriation. But I will
not, on this point, detain the committee, as these
facts are notorious. Yet I cannot resist the tempt-
ation to show, from the record, what the states-
men of Virginia and of Georgia thought of chattel
slavery in the " times that tried men's souls."
Listen to the patriotic voice of Virginia:
" At a veiy full meeting of delegates from the different
counties in the colony and dominion of Virginia, begun m
Williamsburg, the 1st day of August, in the year of our
Lord 1774, and continued, by several adjournments, to Sat-
urday, the 6th of the same month, the following association '
was unanimously resolved upon and agreed: to."
******* A**#
u2d. We will neither ourselves import, nor purchase any
frlave or slaves imported by any other person, after the 1st
day of November next, either from Jlfrica, the West Indies,
oi any other place." *-******
" For the most trifling reasons, and sometimes for no con-
ceivable reason at all, his Majesty has rejected laws of the
most salutary tendency The abolition of domestic slavery
is the greatest object of desire in those colonies where it
was unhappily introduced 111 their infant state. I>ut, pre-
vious to the enfranchisement of the slaves we have, it is
necessary to exclude all further importations from Afiica.
Yet our repeated attempts to effect this by prohibitions, and
by imposing duues which might,amount to a prohibition,
have hitherto been defeated by hiq Majesty's negative; thus
preferring the immediate advantages of a few •African cor-
sairs to the lasting interests of the •American States, and to
the rights of human nature, deeply wounded by this infa-
mous practice."—See American Archives, fourth series,
vol. 1, pages 636 to 696.
Hear, too, what the good people of Georgia
said of the " unnatural practice of slavery:"
" Darien (Georgia) Resolutions.
"In the Darien Committee,
"Thursday, January 12,1775.
(i 5. To show the world that we are not influenced by any
contracted or interested motives, but a general philanthropy
for all mankind, of whatever climate, language, or com-
plexion, we hereby declare our disapprobation and abhor-
rence of the unnatural practice of slavery in America, (how-
ever the unculuvated state of our country, or other specious
arguments, may plead for it,) a practice founded in injustice
and cruelty, and highly dangerous to our liberties, as well
as lives, debasing part of our felJow-cfeatures below men,
and corrupting the virtue and morals of the rest; and which
is laying the basis of that liberty we contend for (and which
we pray the Almighty to continue to the latest posterity)
upon a wrong foundation: We therefore resolve, at all
times, to use our utmost endeavors for the manumission of
our slaves in this colony, upon the most safe and equitable
footing for the masters and themselves."—Page 1136.
Such, sir, was even GeorgiaDemocracy in 1775.
What is Georgia Democracy to-day ? Said a mem-
ber from that State, [Mr. Gartrell,] buta day or
two since—and he said it, too, in the sacrcd name
of Democracy—
" I hold that the institution of domestic slavery m the
South is right, both m principle and practice 5 that it hag
