1580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8j
get upder the new compensation bill. I want
to carry out whatever was the intention of the
House in passing the resolution; and to get at that
I asked the gentleman from Indiana a question^
which he has refused to answer.
I am satisfied that many members will vote
against, the bill on account of this third section,
and, therefore, I offei^ this amendment to perfect
the section and make it as unobjectionable as pos-
sible, in order that the bill may pass. Gentlemen
may vote to retain this third section with a view
of having an excuse to vote against the whole
bill, so thatthe-Army appropriations may be lost.
I intended to have voted for the bill with the Army
appropriations and all theotheritems, if this third
section could havebeen stricken out; butbelieving
as I do that this third section does not carry out the
intention of the resolutions passed last Congress,
I shall* if it is retained, vote against the whole
bill rather than stultify myself in regard to it.
Mr. Chairman, you are aware of the difficulty
which I have to encounter in the discharge of my
duty to my constituents, in opposing this propo-
sition, operating as 1 amagainstsome of my most
intimate friends. I acknowledge the services
which have been rendered by the gentleman for
whose bonefitthis provision is intended. But while
I do that, was not Mr. Barclay satisfied 
[[lore the hammer fall ]
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. I now offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the hill and amendments he reported to
the Iloiu-e, witha recommendation to leeomunt 11 to the
rominittee of Ways and Mean--, with lustiuetiun^ to  eport
111 brpatato bill? the items tor detkaeiicws 111 the appropim-
tson tor each ho ad of expenditure for the services of the
present fiscal year, and in another bill all appropriations
designed lfir the service of the next fiscal year; and uNo,
with instructions to inquire what further legislation i^ neces-
sary to restore to Oontrreps an efficient control over the ex-
penses of the Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Virginia; and it is that
in the second clause of the resolution which pro-
vides forappiopriation* that are to be anticipated,
he use words so as to justify the Department in
anticipating that which is for the next fiscal year.
Mr. GARNETT. I accept the modification.
Mr. Chairman tiie resolution which I offer 
Mr. PHELPS. Do I undeistand this to be an
amendment to the bid under consideration ?
The CHAIRMAN. It proposes thai the bill
be reported to the House with a recommendation
that it be recommitted wiih instructions.
Mr. PHELPS. Then no debate is in order if
there is no amendment pending to the bill. The
resolution closing debate requires the committee
to report to the House the hill and the amend-
ments which may be adopted.
Mr. GARNETT. I think I am in order in
making a five minutes' speech.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is under the
impression that the proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. But it is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. That is another question.
TheChaii did not understand that any question
wa?i raised as to the right of the gentleman from
Virginia to debate the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS'. I inquire whether it is debata-
ble >
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. It is clearly in
order to move that the committee rise, and report
the bill with a recommendation that it pass, or
with any other recommendation that is m order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has stated that.
the resolution is in order. i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Dot I do not think j
that any proposition of tins character is debatable, j
The CHAIRMAN It is the opinion of the j
Chair that it is not debatable. The motion of the !
gentleman fromVirgmia,as the Chairunderstands „
it, is that the committee rise, and report the lull j
and amendments, with a recommendation that it t
be recommitted, and so forth. i
Mr. GARNETT. Yes, sir. ' I
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers on the motion. ;
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevenson !
and Fenton were appointed. 1
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 73, noes 60.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported
that the Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly House bill
(No. 306) to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1858, and had instructed him to report
back the bill and amendments to the House, with
a recommendation that it be recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means with instructions.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order
on the report of the committee. It is that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
can only report back the bill with a recommend-
ation that it do passor that it be rejected, but that
it cannot report it back with such instructions as
are there set out. In the first place, it requires an
impossibility in requiring each item to bo set out
—an utter impossibility. In the next place, it
further requires us to cut the bill up into pieces,
to bring in a part now,and apart again;and then
it winds up with instructions that the Committee
of Ways and Means ascertain what can be done
to restrain the Administration within the appro-
priations made. Now I say that these instruc-
tions are not germane to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The report from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union is
certainly novel in its character. The Chair does
not recollect to have seen or heard any such pro-
ceeding since he has been in Congress; but the
Chair is of opinion that it is competent for the
Committee of flio Whole 011 the state of the Union
to recommend to the House to pass or not to pass,
or to recommit any bill; and that the committee
have also the power to recommend to recommit
with instructions. The point taken by the gen-
tleman from Virginia may be reasons why the
House should not vote for the instructions; but
the Chair does not perceive that these reasons are
applicable to the qne«non of order
Air. LETCHER. Take the latter part of the
resolution; what connection has it with the bill?
Mr GARNETT. 1 call the gentleman to or-
der, and mov the previous quesuon.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I a*k the gentleman from
Virginia in wiilnhaw thecal) for the previous ques-
tion, and I will tenew it, if he insist upon it.
Mr GARNETT. For what does the gentle-
man want n e to wi'hdraw it5
Mr CAMPBELL. That I may make a sug-
gestion in regard to this bill. Tins recommittal
will amount to a practical defeat of the bill.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman is arguing
against the reso mion of instructions of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the elate of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes.
Mr. GARNETT. Therefore I cannot with-
draw the call for the previous question. The ma-
jorii y of the House desire a bill that they can vote,
upon practically, mid not be all forced to vote for
things they do not like in older to get at things
thev do like
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion wns not agiecd to; there being, on a
division—ayes 58, noes 8S.
'The previous question was seconded; there
being, on a division—ayes 7G, noes 57.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask whether the resolution
is susceptible of a division ? and it'so, I ask for a
dmwion.
The SPEAKER*.. The call for division will be
noted, but the Chair reserves the decision of the
question as to whether the resolution is divisible,
till the Houfre comes to vote upon u.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I merely wished to demand
a division in tune.
The SPEAKER. It will he noted.
The mam qivstion was ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. LAWRENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutos to five o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed.  
IN SENATE.
TrrtrRSDAy, *%pril 8, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Smith Pyne, D. D.
The Journal of yesteiday was read.
Mr. BIGLER. I observe, on the reading of the
Journal, that my name is not recoided aj voting
on the question of the passage of the bill admitting
Minnesota as a State, and I'desire to have the
correction made. I was present, and voted in
favor ofthe admission, and, as I thought, audibly.
I voted very earnestly and freely.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The correction
will be made.
The Journal was approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of John P.
Jev/ett&Co.,and other citizens and business men
of Massachusetts, praying for the enactment of a
general relief law; which was referred to the Coith
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLARK presented the memorial of David
D. Porter, son and executor of the late Coramo-.
dove, David Porter, praying for the payment of
his father's claims against the Mexican Govern-
ment, for services rendered that Government, out
of the Mexican indemnity fund, or otherwise;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a memorial of the pres-
ident and dueetors of the Metropolitan Railroad
Company, praying for an act of incorporation and
a grant of land to aid in the construction of tho
road within the Districtof Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands
Mr.'MALLORY presented the memorial of
William Nelson, a lieutenant in the United States
Navy, praying for an allowance in the adjustment
of his accounts for certain moneys lost, and for
which he cannot account; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial of Wil-
liam Tompkins, and other citizens of Woodford
county, Illinois, praying that pensions may bo
granted to the soldiers of the war of 1812: which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the momoiuil of John II.
Litchfield and others, light-house keepers, pray-
ing for an increase of compensation; which was
referred to the Committee on Commeice.
He also presented 0 petition of officers of in-
surance companies, and otheis, of Chicago, Illi-
nois, praying for the repeal of the act of March
5, Ib56, authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to change the names of vessels m certain cases;
which was referred to the Committee 011 Com-
merce.
He also presented a petition of officers of in-
surance companies, and others, of Chicago, Illi-
nois, praying for the enactment of a law requiring
sailing vessels on the lakes to cany lights; which
wns referred to tho Committee on*Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of New
Yoik, praying that the public lands may be gi anted
m farina or lots, free of cost, to actual sett'eisnnt
possessed of other lands; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Air SEWARD presented additional papers,
relating to the petition o'f the heirs of Samuel
White; winch, with their papers now on file, were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered. That the memorial of(\ S Todd, on tlic tiles of
the Senate, be leferied to the Committee on Foiei^nRcld-
tlOlls
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Ordered, That the petition ofJohn Cro-hv, administrator
of Andrew i). Cro-hy.on the files of the Senate, be leicired
to tlie Committee 011 Claims
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, it was
Qf.de) cd, That the petition of Stephen R. Row an. on the
file? ofthe Senate, be ri feired to the Committee on Chums.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, who were instructed by a tesolution ofthe
Senate to inquire into the subject, reported a bill
(S. No. 247) to amendan act entitled " An act for
enrolling and licensing ships or vessels to be em-
ployed in the coasting trade and fisheries, and tor
registering the same," passed February IB, H03;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Me also, from the same committtee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to inquire
into the subject, reported a bill (S. No. 24tf) to
amend or define the act of July 29, 1850., emitted
"An act providing for recording the conveyances
of vessels and for other purposes;" which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom waj referred the memorial of the
