1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
could have induced the President to make this
remarkable recommendation? But here, it seems
to me, lie went even further than was necessary
(o prove his fealty to slavery; for his position on
Kansas affairs places him first on the list of the
champions of that very peculiar institution. It
proves the truth of all that his southern friends
urged in his behalf during the canvass that pre-
ceded his election, and equally demonstrates the
falsity of the positions assumed by his supporters
in the free States. Why, sir, a leading southern
journal, the Richmond Enquirer, declared that his
record " disclosed a consistency and an efficiency
of service to the South winch flattery could claim
for no other living man;" and that" he never gave
a vote against the interests of slavery, nor uttered
a word that could pain the most sensitive south-
ern heart!" How completely has he met the ex-
pectations of his southern friends! His "con-
sistency and efficiency of service" in their behalf
continues, and their " sensitive hearts" have not
yet been pained by any word or act of his!
But how is it at the North ? We were every-
where told in that section of the Union that Mr.
Buchanan was a northern man; that his sympa-
thies were with those who were striving to make
Kansas a free State; and that, if elected, no " aid
and comfort" would be extended by him to the
ruffian horde that had sought, by fraud and force,
to introduce this heartless despotism, m opposi-
tion to the will of a large majority of the people.
Why, sir, the watchwords of his friends in the
.North were, "Buchanan and Free Kansas!"
-Well, they secured Buchanan, but not yet have
they scoured freedom to Kansas; nor is the pros-
pect very encouraging that he, whose name was
thus linked with this important measure, is at all
likely to promote iissuccess. On the contrary, so
open, bold, and utterly indefensible and inexcus-
able has been his course upon this mostimportant
of all questions now before the American people,
that the very men who elevated him to the Presi-
dency turn away chagrined and disgusted, and
shake olf the dust of their feet as a testimony
Against him. Well may the President, well may
his deluded and distracted follo.wers, well may
every Democrat who formerly advocated the good
old Jeffersonian doctrine of the Wilmot proviso,
exclaim in that bitterness of heart which the pros-
pective utter ruin of their party must cause—
" Oh ! what a tangled wetrwe weave,
When thus we piactice to deceive."
Tangled and intricate, indeed, are the results
which have grown out of the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise, and the specious and delusive
cry of " populdrsovereignty," by means of which
that repeal was sccured.
Yet the political troubles that now distract and
threaten our country are not remediless. The
disinterested patriotism, the devotion to country,
the reverence for justice, the regard for human
rights, which animated the founders of the Gov-
ernment, now warming the hearts and control-
ling the acts of people, President and Congress,
would lead to a speedy and easy solution of all
our difficulties, give peace and repose to the coun-
try, and security to all within its borders.
We of the free States, sir, are not unreasonable.
Indeed, we are very modest in our demands. Wo
ask only that the rights guarantied to us, " the
peopleofthe UnitedStates," by the Constitution,
and conceded to us during the earlier years of the
Republic, be restored. We ask that the Consti-
tution be interpreted in the same spirit in which
it was made—thatit be construed as the "charter
of liberty," not as the bulwark of slavery. We
demand that slavery be confined to the States in
which it already exists; and that, as a State insti-
tution, it rely solely on State support, neither
seeking nor receiving " aid and comfort"from the
General Government. We demand that all the
Territories, and this District of Columbia, be
purged of this blighting curse, and that northern
freemen be no longer required to join the chase
for fugitive slaves. We demand, in short, the com-
plete denationalization of slavery. " No slavery out-
side of the present slave States" is our motto.
With slavery in the States where it exists we
do not propose to interfere; but we are unalter-
ably pledged against its further extension. We
shall contest its onward march at every step. We
shall write it down, print it down, preach it down,
vote it down. We are in earnest, sir, in this mat-
ter; and we know that we shall triumph,for truth
is omnipotent. God and the hearts of the people
are with us; and though the struggle may be long
and fearful, the final result is as certain as the
continuance of time. We shall labor on, regard-
less alike of smiles of derision or frowns of defi-
ance. We trust we love our common country
and the Union of these States as well, at least,
as Other men; but we love our country's free-
dom and the essential rights of man better still.
Peace we love, but we do not desire it at the ex-
pense of our inalienable rights; yet we believe
peaceable remedies are best, and that by such
remedies all our political maladies may be healed.
We design to use' them, and them only. We have
faith in their efficiency, and in them we trust.
But if we, or our kindred and fellow-citizens in
the Territories, cannot have peace withouL a base
and dishonorable submission to the slave oligar-
chy, then we do not desire it. If money contnbr
uted by northern men is to be drawn from the
Federal Treasury to reward Spanish pirates for
their deeds of blood; if from the same national
fund millions are to be annually drawn to sustain,
perpetuate, and extend this most odious of des-
potisms; if we are to join in the pursuit of fugi-
tive slaves on our own free soil, or, for refusing
so to do, are to be robbed of our substance and
rot in prison; if our mouths are to be closedand
our presses silenced anywhere beneath the stars
and stripes; if the rights of the States are to be
disregarded, and institutions which wo hate un-
ceremoniously thrust upon us; if all the depart-
ments of the Government are to make the diffu-
sion and perpetuity of this" sum of all villainies"
the primary object of their labors; if the poisoned
political chalice is to be thus constantly pressed
to our hps; if all that we hold dear is to be laid
upon the bloody altar of slavery, I can only say
that when these wrongs have reached a point no
longer tolerable, the freemen of the land will rise
in their strength and remove them, " peaceably
if possible, forcibly if necessary."
These, sir, are not idle words. They but ex-
press what I know to be an earnest and deep-
seated feeling amongthe masses of intelligcntand
thinking men throughout the free States. Most
certainly they are the sentiments of the nineteen
thousand free men by virtue of whose votes I have
the honor of a seat on this floor.
We feel, sir, that the point where forbearance
ceases to be a virtue is almostreached. Itisvery.
near; and I warn gentlemen to beware how they
press these indignities home upon the freemen of
the North henceforth. I know the strength of
the Government, and that its power is now in
your hands. The President is with you; the
| Congress is yours; the Supreme Court is ready
| to do your bidding; and the hungry cormorants
I that feed and fatten at the public crib bow in ab-
ject submission, and reverently execute the will,
whatever it may be, of those who hold the keys
of the Federal Treasury.
But there is, back of all thesp paid advocates of
wrong, a power, compared with which they are
but as a withered leaf before the rushing whirl-
wind. Yes, sir; the people are a power before
which Presidents, and Congresses, and courts,
with all their pampered retainers and fawning
sycophants, dwindle into contemptible littleness.
Let those who choose to insult their intelligence,
outrage all the better feelings of their nature, and
trample ruthlessly upon their dearest rights, look
well to the future, and prepare for a reckoning
Which will surely come, and which from present
indications cannot be long delayed. To-day you
have the power, and may do what you will. You
may give these Spanish pirates $50,000 from the
people's Treasury if you choose; but let me tell
you, gentlemen, it will add as many thousand
"voters to the party of freedom in the North and
West. And every aggressive act upon our consti-
tutional and reserved rights will have a like effect.
The harder you press us the speedier and more
complete will be our triumph, and the more igno-
minious your overthrow. Choose, then, your
course; but remember the impending settlement
you have to make with the three million voters in
the free States of this Union.
In conclusion, sir, I have but to add, that if
thisappropriation, so "earnestly recommended,"
is to be made; if some fifty thousand dollars are
i to be drawnfrom the Treasury to settle this Amis-
l tad affair, I,for one, shallmsist upon its going to
! the parties who were the only ones wronged in
j that transaction. I shall insfet u^kmifsyfeyrhferit
i to the Africans who so gallantly rescued th® r;h ip
; from Spanish pirates, and whose property ft
: thence became. They had a right to the Amistsd,
for they captured it from outlaws. It was-tegally
and equitably theirs; and when they were iibe'f-
ated by the court, the property which their valor
had won should have been placed at their dispo-
sal. The wrongs which these unfortunate men
suffered wore irreparable; we cannot fully-right
them n «; but do not lei vis add insult to injury,
and disgrace otarselvcsiri the eyes of all Christen-
dom, by rewarding their oppressors, and setting
the seal of our official approbation upon an act of
inexcusable and unmitigated piracy.
! Mf. AVERY. I would have been glad, Mr.
, Chairman, at the proper time, to have said «ome-
1 xhing concerning our Central American relations;
, but as this opportunity did not occur when the
| question was properly before a Commi'ttee of the
| Whole, I will but barely now allude to it.
I would have been pleased, sir, on that occa-
sion—and tnay yet avail myself of the privilege,
in connection with what I conceive to be the" un-
warranted exercise and usurpation of authority
and power on the part of Commodore Paulding—
to have spoken somewhat of the relations, pres-
ent and prospective, which it is the policy, as
well as the destiny, of this nation t'o maintain to-
ward that country. The"President has indicated
in his message, that it is the destiny' of GUr raca
to Americanize Central America;' that it is the
policy of this Government peacefully toilo so; that
the different transit routes across the isthmus will
be opened, kept open, and protected by this Gov-
ernment, not only for our own benefit, but for the
benefit of the world. These are all desirable ob-
jects; they are, in my judgment, objects of par-
amount importance to the American people, and
especially so at this time.
That the effects of the Clay ton-Bui wcr treaty—
' a blight, a mildew, an incubus, a nightmare upon
American interests and American progress and
prospects—should be speedily shaken off; that
the great doctrine, known as the Monroe doctrine,
should be enforced; that we should maintain our
supremacy in the Gulf of Mexico; that Cuba
should bfe ours; are all objects of vast concern-
ment to as as a nation and as a people, and I doubt
not are so regarded by the enlightened statesman
who now presides over our destinies. But how all
these desirable objects are best to be" attained 'are
subjects of philosophic inquiry'forthe statesman.
Their importance, at this time, seems to me pe-
culiarly striking. England—ever jealous andfar-
seeing England—sees the great benefits that would
result to us in the accomplishment of these great
purposes of national aggrandizement. This day
she is the most filibustering nation on the globe;
this day she is seeking to extend her already too
broad possessions upon this continent; this day
would she rejoice, did we never acquire another
foot of territory north or south, and especially
south. From present indications—unmistakable
indications—she herself is looking forward to a
formidable competition with us in the production
of the great staples of the South. The most casual
observer cannot fail to have noticed the wonderful
rccent revolution going on in the public sentiment
of Great Britain upon the subject of African sla-
very and the slave trade. Already has the mon-
arch of her press proclaimed that the false philan-
thropy of a Wilberforce has passed away; that
his honest but misguided policy has impoverished
her possessions; has desolated her colonics; has
made her tributary and dependent, when it was
in her grasp to govern and control. Listen to the
language of the London Times, her great organ—
the great popular organ of Britain—speaking fresh
for the people, and of the people. It never molds,
but reflects, public sentiment. The London Times
says:
Negioes are neocssary to raise the cotton, sugar, coffee,
and tobacco wtiicti the vvoitd wants. The white mall can-
not work under a nopical sun, and unless the. African be
used as a laboier, the fairest region of the New Woild mut-t
remain a desert; in fine, negroes must be had at any oo.-t.
And no nation has aright toimposeieowii scrupulosity on
other free eommuniues."
Her empire m the East, her subjugated Sepoys,
are to furnish the labor, free labor as she calls it,
but far worse than African slavery. And her
colonies in the West, which she already holds,
together with what we, by our supineness and
masterly inactivity may suffer her to possess, will
