1958.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Washington and Oregon War Claims—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. op Reps.
Army appropriation bill. The Army appropria-
tion bill of the session of 1853 and 1854 contained
an appropriation of nearly one million dollars
for paying the volunteers of California for ex-
penses incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities
previous to 1854.
We ask the same measure of justice for the
people of our Territories that has been already
extended to people nearer to you—in Florida,
New Mexico, and California.
I desire now to dwell, for a few moments, on
another topic. I contend that the expenses were
economical; that they were small; that they were
much less than any intelligent and disinterested
man, after looking into all the facts, would expect
them to be. We had in Washington eighteen
hundred and ninety-six men enlisted, and their
average term of service was one hundred and
twelve days. The total expense of each man, ex-
clusive of pay, was but little over five hundred
dollars—$507 32. What is the expense, per man,
in the regular service ? It was about one thousand
dollars a year, last year, and throwing out the
pay, it was about eight hundred and fifty dollars.
That is the expense of troops in the regular ser-
vice—a large proportion of whom are stationed at
the forts and depots on the Atlantic, the Gulf,the
lakes, and the Mississippi river and its tribu-
taries, at points accessible to steamboat naviga-
tion. But, sir, when you come to compare the
expenses of the regulars with the volunteers, I
shall insist that you compare them in like condi-
tions. It will not do to compare the expenses of
the volunteers in Oregon, on the plains of Walla-
Walla, one hundred and fifty miles from our set-
tlements, protecting those settlements by their
gallantry and conduct throughout the winter of
1855-56, with the expenses of the regular troops
lying in their rear, at this very time in garrison at
the Dalles, the Cascades, and Vancouver. You
must compare their expenses in the field with the
expenses of the regulars in the field. Compare
the expenses of the volunteers, in their campaign
of the Walla-Walla, with the expenses of the reg-
ular service in its campaign of the Yakima, and,
my word for it, you will find that our expenses
were the smallest, per man. In this estimate I
mean to include transportation from the depots,
at home, as a charge upon the regular service;
That is my deliberate judgment from a careful
examination of the matter. And here, in this
comparison, I shall have acharge to makeagainst
the regular service. I shall insistthat the nineteen
dead bodies left on the ground at the Cascades,
in consequence of Colonel Wright advancing
upon the Walla-Walla, and leaving his rear un-
protected and insecure, be taken into the account.
He did not leave a sufficient garrison at the Cas-
cades. It was attacked by the Indians, and held in
their possession (with the exception of one block-
house and one house) for twenty-four hours;
every house, except these, was burnt; nineteen
persons were slain,and it compelled a retrograde
movement of Wright, already in march for the
Walla-Walla, and finally ctuised the abandon-
ment of that movement on the Walla-Walla, and
the organization of a now campaign into the Ya-
kima country. Let all these things be taken into
th&account in a comparison between the services;
for, I affirm, no such military blunder was com-
mitted in the volunteer service.
Sir, I make no point agamstthe regular service.
I was bred in that service, and have given to it
fourteen years of faithful service. There I have
all my early friends; there many of the warmest
friends of my manhood now are; and I thank
heaven that, through all the controversies we have
had there in reference to affairs in those Territo-
ries, those men are still my friends. They are
ever ready to do their duty; but, during the win-
ter of 1855-56, the frontier east of the Cascade
mountains was protected by the volunteers, while
the regulars were in garrison. That is a fact
which should stand out, and which 1 have brought
out, on this occasion.
Mr. Chairman, objection has been made to the
allowance, by the commissioners, of two dollars
a day for each enlisted man, and two dollars a
day for each horse; and yet I have here an official
document from the Quartermaster General show-
ing that no laboring man, no packer, no teamster,
was employed in the regular Army in these Ter-
ritories during that Indian war for less than sixty
dollars per month, and that their pay ranged from
that up to ninety dollars per month. 1 find that
for pack mules they have invariably paid three
dollars a day. If, then, the regular service is
obliged to go into expenses like these in that
country, paying, on an average, $2 50 a day for
common hands, and paying it in cash, why should
you object to the volunteers being paid two dol-
lars a day, who have already waited two years
for payment? If the regular service has paidfor
pack mules three dollars a day, why should you
object to pay two dollars a day for the horses used
by the volunteers ? Sir, these are pregnant facts.
But there is another topic which I wish to dwell
upon for a moment, and that is the employment
of troops for short intervals. I desire to correct
an erroneous impression made by reports which
have emanated from the Adjutant General's office.
In these reports the expenses of volunteers or
militia (who served simply for three months or
more) are compared with the expenses of the reg-
ular establishment, where the expenses of recruit-
ing and discharging are distributed over the en-
tire period of enlistment of five years. And in
these same reports, also, the expenses of our vol-
unteer service in those two Territories are com-
pared with the expenses of a regiment of infantry
simply in depot, having no expenses whatever in
the way of movements of troops.
Now there are certain largecontingentexpenses
incident to raising troops, bringing them into the
field, and discharging them. In militia or volun-
teer service it is distributed over a period of three
orsixmonths; in the regular service, ovprapenod
of five years. To institute a comparison, there-
fore, between the expenses of the regular and vol-
unteer service for a period of three or six months,
these expenses should be thrown out altogether,
or the whole of it in each case be included for the
equal period of comparison; otherwise a very
heavy charge will be made upon the volunteer
scrvice and held up against them to their dispar-
agement, when the expense is not because the
troops are volunteers or militia, but because they
are troops raised for short intervals of time.
So it is very unjust to compare the expenses of
our volunteers with the expenses of infantry in
depot. The proper comparison is between the
expenses of our foot and horse in the field, in
these Territories, with the expenses of the foot
and horse of the regular service in the field in
those Territories.
But this is not all. If, in an emergency, you
do not resort to volunteers, what will you do?
You must institute a new military system, in-
crease your Army largely, and have in depot sur-
plus troops for any emergency which may arise.
And, therefore, the true and only just comparison
of expense is a comparison of the expenses which
we incur underourmilitarysystem, reiyingupon
the militia and volunteers of the country in case
of emeigency, arid of the only syslem that can
take its place, namely, that of a large standing
army.
Suppose that m our Indian difficulties you had
this large standing army, and that there had been
a surplus of troops at the depots at home to send
out there: when you take the cost of transporta-
tion, the cost of recruiting, the cost of getting
them to the field of action, you would find in the
case supposed that there would have been an ex-
pense of two or three hundred dollars a man, at
the very point where the expenses of the volun-
teers commence. And then when the emergency
was over you would have the cost of sending
them home again. You, gentlemen, can compute
the cost for yourselves. I ask again, if you did
not have the volunteer service, what would you
do ? You must have a standing army large enough
for any emergency, doing nothing nine years out
of ten. But such statements and comparisons as
these, the only just and proper ones, are not made
in these reports; and yet, the mere statement of
it will convince the mind that they are just and
sound statements and comparisons. If you take
the view I have presented, it will be found that
in our Territories, the expenses of the volunteers
per man is much less than the expenses of regu-
lars, if sent from the States there, and sent back,
as must necessarily have been the case had you ;
been obliged to rely upon regulars alone. Our ;
means of transportation were more economical.
We used ox-trains instead of mule trains, and we
carried fifty per cent, more freight per employe
than were carried in the trains of the regular ser-
vice. That is a fact known of all men there. We
made at least as rapid trips as the regular service,
and we showed that oxen were the proper animals
for wagons in that country.
But every effort was made to reduce expenses,
and the effort was a successful one. AH allow-
ance of extra pay for fatigue service was prohib-
ited in orders, and the accounts for such service
were disallowed and thrown out. No such ac-
counts were submitted to the commissioners ap-
pointed by the Secretary of War under the author-
ity of Congress^ This was deemed, by many,
very unjust at the time, as payment for fatigue
service was recognized in the Army, and the rates
established by act of Congress. 6ur troops did
a very large amount of fatigue service, as shown
in the block-houses built by them, and the roads
cut out by them; one company was especially
raised for fatigue duty, and was called the pioneer
company; most of its members were mechanics,
or very experienced axmen, and for many months
they were constantly employed at fatigue service.
It was emphatically a company of pioneers as
well as a company of fighting men; the Indians
making the first attack upon them, whilst cutting
out a road, at the battle of Connel's Prairie.
I refused, Mr. Chairman, to allow any extra
compensation for fatigue service, because I ex-
pected the pay of our troops would have some
relations to the price of labor in the country; and
for a temporary, rapid service, organized for an
emerg-ency, I did not think the idea of extra pay
for fatigue service should be countenanced.
In the disposition of public property in the vol-
unteer service of Washington, every exertion was
made to guard the rights of the Government. I
refused to allow any volunteer to retain one ani-
mal even on an appraisal by the officers of the
quartermaster department, the same to be charged
upon the muster-rolls againsthis pay,but'directed
every animal to be disposed of at public auction.
Everything was sold at public auction for the
scrip issued in purchasing. The sales amounted
to nearly one hundred and forty thousand dollars,
and to this amount was the war debt reduced by
these sales. The sales were at a considerable ad-
vance on the original cost. Horses which cost
from two hundred and fifty to four hundred dol-
lars brought from two hundred to six hundred
dollars; wagons costing $200 were readily sold at
$300; and oxen were disposed of at thirty per
cent, above cost. This, too, after the property
had been of course deteriorated by six months'
active service.
The report of J. Ross Browne, special agent of
the Interior Department, gives so graphic a pic-
ture of the condition of the Territory in 1857, the
year following the war, that I cannot do better
than quote from his report, as follows:
"On the road from the Cowlitz landing to Olympia, a
distance of fifty miles, the whole country hears distressing
evidences of the disastrous effects of the late wai. In
when i first passed through tins region, it abounded in
fine farm?, well cultivated, and bearing luxmiant crops of
grun. Immigration wax lapidly tilling up all the vacant
lands ; and huge herds of stock were grazing upon the prai-
lies. From the signs of prosperity then apparent, il was
not unre'is-onahle to predict that in the coarse of three years
the products and population would be more than doubled.
But. notwithstanding this region was exempt from any
actual collision with the Indians, the effects are neaiiy the
same as in othci paiu of the Territory. All along the road
houses are deseited and going to ruin; fences are east
down and in a'■tare of decay ; fields, once waving with
luxunant crops of wheat, are desolate; and but little, if
any. stock is to he seen on the broad prairies that formerly
bore Mich mspiung evidences of lite. The tew families
that remained, either from necessity or inclination, were
fotced to erect rude block-houses tor their defense, into
which they gathered by night during the hostilities, in con-
stant apprehension of attack. These rude, defenses suit
stand at intervals along the road. I mention these facts
with a view of showing that, so far, at ieaM, the 1 war
speculation' charged upon the settlers ot Washington Ter-
ritory presents an unpiofitable appearance."
There were erected in the Territory, during the
war, thirty-one block-houses by" die volunteer
troops, twenty-one block-houses by the citizens,
without assistance, and some seven block-houses
by the troops of the regular servicp. Some of these
block-houses were large establishments, there
being space enough inside the pickets for small
houses for the families of the neighborhood—the
