1532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
io allow the scientific matter to be worked up into
a proper report. After that, the understanding was
distinct, to which t shall certainly adhere, that it
was not be published by the Government. It
would seem to be right and proper if we send out
expeditions to make collections of natural history
and make surveys for the benefit of navigation,
that we should print the charts and should pre-
pare for publication the materials collected in the
course of the study of the naturalists who went
out with the expedition; but then it was distinctly
understood, as 1 said before, that Congress should
not be called upon to publish it, and certainly 1
for one shall never call upon them to publish it
after that understanding thus had.
Mr. MALLORY. The remarks which have
fallen from my friend from Maryland have re-
freshed my recollection; and I think the appro-
priation referred to by him was agreed to by the
Senate, upon the recommendation of the Library
Committee. It was found that a number of sci-
entific men had gone out with this expedition, and
brought home very extensive specimens of nat-
ural history, which were collected in boxes, bar-
rels, kegs, &c.; and it was designed, as 1 under-
stood from the Committee on the Library, simply
to prepare those specimens of natural history for
publication. In connection with that, there may
have been some engravings; but of that I have not
heard. 1 presume, if there has been any, it has
been under that appropriation—for the prepar-
ation simply, but not the general publication.
There may have been a publication of the cata-
logues of the specimens, perhaps, but no more.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It may be that
to the members of the Printing Committee erro-
neous information has come. I do not think so,
or I should not have made it the subject of a res-
olution. I am certainly very well satisfied that
we have already got a sufficiently large library,
at the expense of Congress, in iegard to botany,
birds, snails, reptiles, bugs, and every species of
strange, and, it seems to me, rather unimportant
and useless, branches of natural history.
Mr. 1VEUSON. I desire to put a question to
the chairman of the Committee on Printing. I
wish to know whether he can inform the Senate
whether it is possible now to stop the printing of
the second volume of Major Emory's report on
the Mexican boundary? I perceive, from a doc-
ument winch lias been laid on our tables tins
morning, that the printing of that volume is to
cost $107,207. It contains zoology, botany, and
insects, and ntthtng else. It ts merely of a sci-
entific character, and not of a very interesting
character at that. A large amount—six thousand
four hundred copies 1 think—have been ordered
by the Senate, and eleven thousand five hundred
and thirty by the I louse of Representatives, cost-
ing over one hundred and seven thousand dollars.
} think if we can stop the printing of that, we shall
save at least that much. The first volume has al-
ready been printed and distributed, and that is
beyond our reach; but 1 think, if the Senate will
stop the publication of the second volume, if it
has not gone too far to stop it, that much public
service would be done; and I commend that to
tin' attention of the Committee on Punting.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Ai kanwax. I am unable to
answer tlie Senator without examination, whether
it,can be arrested or not. I do not know to what
extent the publication may already have gone. I
have sent to the Superintendent of Printing for
the purpose ofascei taming; and it is a subject that
will be considered by the Committee on Printing.
But I call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that these heavy printing jobs are not started by
the Committee on Printing. That committee are
getting a little uncomfortable in their feelings m
regard to the extravagance of the expenditures
thtft have taken place. They are not conscious
in anv respect of having been regardless of the
public interests heretofore. They have not will-
ingly acted to produce results like these, and yet
they have become such as to call for animadver-
sion from every side of this Chamber, and, I be-
lieve, from every press in the country. Here-
after I trust that whenever any publication or
printing is contemplated, the duly of inquiring as
to its propriety will be thrown on that committee,
or the committee abolished, or that I for one, at
least, may be taken off it.
I ask now for the adoption of the resolution, so
that this information may be brought before us.
The information to which the Senator from Geor-
gia refers, in regard to Entory's report, was ob-
tained on a similar resolution, which 1 presented
some time ago, on Bearing something more of the
character and cost of the survey of the western
boundary, by Major Emory, than was very pleas-
ant, or than' I liked Very well.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Georgia
will look a little into Executive Document No.
37, which I think he has in his hand, he will see
that of the manuscript of the second volume of
Emory's reports, there have been sixty quarto
pages prepared. The document tells us:
" No part of these manuscripts 1ms yet been furnished,
except the report of Doctor Engleman, which has been
printed, comprising about sixty quarto pages."
There are to be over six hundred pages of printed
matter in this volume when it is ready; and of the
engravings which constitute the expensive part
of the report, there are to be two hundred and
eighty-two pages of illustrations; and of these,
twenty-two pages are yet incomplete, showing
that there are two hundred and sixty pages of the
expensive portion of the work already done, so
that the greater portion of the expense has alread y
been incurred. Now, I should be willing to ar-
rest it; I would not care if there was hot a dollar
left to be paid to anybody. I would take the book,
the pages of printed matter, the engravings, and
the whole concern, and carry it into the street,
and burn it up. It would be the best rebuke that
could be offered to this sort of thing for Congress
to pay for what has been done, take the wu«k,
and burn it up, so as to indicate to these people,
41 if you impose upon us, as soon as we ascer-
tain the imposition we will arrest it;M and let the
country understand that this business of govern-
mental book-making is^to stop.
I received this morning, from Philadelphia, a
long article, published in some little, dirty news-
paper there, headed " Brownoii picture-books,'*
m which I find myselfmost soundly berated for the
part which I have taken in endeavoring to arrest
this abuse; and Senators will find that there will be
an attempt made by these outside jobbers to dra-
goon them into the support of measures like this
through the influence of the y>rc*ss. I care, of
course, nothing about what this fellow says. I
would just as soon he would say one thing about
me as another. 1 see perfectly well, from reading
his article, that he is somebody who has some-
thing to do with getting up these books. He is
some fellow who has a job on hand, fie winds
up his article, after abusing me very soundly, in
thta way:
"Mr. Ttnows's education must have been sorely a ob-
jected ; Ins sphere is evidently politic*;, not hooks; while
Ids absurd speech mamtVftt* an amazing anxiety, equal to
that of the renowned Dogberry, to be " written down an
asrf.' "
I warn my friend from Arkansas that if he talks
against reptiles and birds,and thingsof thatkind,
being published at the public expense, he will get
to be a Dogberry after awhile m the estimation of
these jobbers. Why, sir, 1 find that in the second
volume of Emory's report there are twenty-seven
steel pages of mammals, twenty-five stone pages of
birds, forty-one steel pages of reptiles, and forty-
one steel pages of fishes—all that in a report
under the head of zoology, on a boundary com-
mission, when the commissioner was simply ap-
pointed to trace the boundary line between two
countries, and to mark it by little monuments!
lie comes back to us with that kind of material,
and we publish it, as the Senutor has said, at a
cost of $3:23,000. That is the whole cost of pub-
lishing the report. All that Congress needs, all
that Congress are expected to receive or pay for
the publication of, would not cost $20,000. Nearly
two hundred thousand dollars of the cost of this
book is in publishing reptiles and birds. Why,
sir, if we are going to have a zoological depart-
ment of the Government, let us establish it under
some law, and appoint some fit man to be at the
head of it.
Then here are sixty stone pages of botany.
There are also ten copper pages of botany, and
seventy-seven steel pages of cactacas. If you are
going to have a botanical school, or a botanical
department of the Government, let us establish it
under some proper head, some proper direction.
It will cost less money to get intelligence that will
be more useful to the country than these explor-
ing expeditions. The officers who bring such
works here ought to be rebuked by Congress.
Who appointed these men to get up these expen-
sive books—books that I say again no publish-
ing house in this country would put to press;
books which you throw out upon the country by"
the thousand, that no publishing house ever re*
publishes; pictures which no engraver except one
paid at the public expense would ever think of
wasting his time upon? It is done because you
pay for it out of the national Treasury. Nobody
ever thinks of reproducing one of these prints, •
though,as I have said before, you have no copy-
right. You do not pretend to deny the right of
anybody to reprint or reproduce the books, but
nobody ever did so; and why? Because they are
of no account, and would not sell in the market
for the cost of the paper on which they are printed,
Audubon made you a book of birds, an admi-
rable book, such as the country needed, such as
the people who appreciate such things were will-
ing to pay for. if you want a book on fish, let
somebody who understands the subject prepare
the book, and sell it to those who are willing,to
pay for it. If you want a work on botany, leave
it to botanists. If you want a book on aslroa-
omy, let some astronomer prepare it; let some
learned professor get up the book and have it
printed; but let us, in the name of all that is rea-
sonable and just, stop sending out these miserable
books to the country, that are a disgrace to the
country; because, if you send them out with the
imprint of the Governmentupon them, the learned
men will suppose they are proper books,, and
when they look into them they will feel assured
that you are mere pretenders to science. I care
not how much these blackguards may abuse me
through the public journals for the part I take in
this matter, I will continue to denounce this sys-
tem, because it is an abuse that ought to be de-
nounced , and the miserable jobbers that come here
with these things shall not stifle my voice.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, 1 am really
sorry that such unjust observations should be
made by any newspaper in the country about the
Senator from Mississippi, who little deserves it;
and I am sorry, too, that the Senator should allow
tliem to ruffle iiis tcmperand to make him unjust
towards gentlemen of high reputation, of perfect
honor, and thoroughly obedient to the law of the
service to which they belong. Sir, Major Emory
is a gentleman of great merit in his profession,
but he has one merit which ought to commend
him even to the Senator from Mississippi. Re
was appointed boundary commissioner with a
very largo appropriation, not thought to be too
large at the time ltwasmade, though it proved to
be so, because he distinguished himself above all
other men we have employed in that capacity,
by bringing back and restoring to the Treasury"
$100,000 of the appropriation, a thing never done'
before, 1 believe, and for which I think we have
never sufficiently commended him.
Mr. BROWN. How much will bfe left after
we print the books ?
Mr. PEARCE. I will come to that point di-
rectly. In regard to printing his hook, and the
collection of the objects of natural history, allow
me to say this to the Senator: these collections
are not made on the sole authority of the officer
who goes out in charge of this expedition. It
is not his individual act, unsanctioned by au-
thority. In every case in which these collections
have been made, the gentleman will find that the'
Departments have authorized them ?
Mr. BROWN. I should like to know by what
authority the Departments authorized them.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 am not undertaking to defend
the Departments, and the gentleman may attack
them if he pleases. My purpose is a different
one.
Mr. BROWN. Then let my denunciation fall
on the Departments if they act beyond the law.
Air. PEARCE. But the gentleman has, I think,
thrown out very unjust reproaches on the officer
charged with these expeditions. I mean to defend
them, and especially Major Emory. It is not for
the officer, charged with a boundary survey, to
look into the legislation of the country and see
\\ whether the Secretary had or had not authority to
attach a scicntific corps to the commission.
Mr. BRO WN. If the gentleman will allow me
I will say this is news to me. If the Department
authorized the thins; to be done, then I denounce
the Department and acquit the officer. I acquit
Major Emory, und'-r that statement, of nil blame.
