446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
furnish the field. France, too, is in the fight. It
behooves us, then, as a nation, to watch these
encroachments upon American soil. It should be
no less our policy than it is certainly our destiny,
to plant by the most proper means, he they what
they may, American labor, American institutions,
the American banner if you please, upon every
foot of soil in these rich and undeveloped regions.
If the more gradual and pacific policy of enlight-
ened settlement and civilization is the best, be it
so. But if, for our o%vn self-defense and protec-
tion, some other and more speedy means were
indispensable in the accomplishment of these
grand purposes—in the spirit of the celebrated
Ostend manifesto of the President—then be it so.
I hastily and imperfectly touch upon these points
without attempting to elaborate them. My time
now will not allow, nor am I prepared now, to dp
so even had I the time.
But, sir, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
h am] yesterday said that the President had pressed
upon the consideration of this House a question
of graver significance, of mightier import, a ques-
tion which concerns the honor and the life of the
nation. Sir, this is about the only declaration in
the gentleman's speech to which "I can subscribe.
I fully concur, that the question of the introduc-
tion of a sovereign State into this Union is one of
this magnitude and import, and that in this in-
stance the honor and perhaps the life of the nation
is concerned. To the presentphase of the Kansas
question will I then address myself; for it must
be acknowledged that within the past year it has
assumed as many as the colors of the cameleon.
The public mind has long since wearied with the
never-ending cry of Kansas and her difficulties.
I must say, Mr. Chairman, in the outset, that I
regret very much to see the spirit and tone of
speech and press which have been to too great a
degree indulged in towards those of the Demo-
cratic party who have seen fit to differ with the
President upon his Kansas policy,however much
I may regret this difference. And especially do
I not unite in the fierce denunciations which have
sometimes of late been hurled at the grcatauthor
and founder of my faith on this subject, as ex-
pounded m the Kansas-Nebraska act. Sir, his
deeds of valor in defense of southern rights, his
proud uplifting of the Constitution above the fierce
fires of fanaticism, are too fresh in my memory
for me to anathematize him. It pains me to see
it or to hear it. Can any one forget how, but a
little while ago, in every conflict we have had,
with the bright battle-blade of a Saladin, one by
one as they came he clove down the mailed men
of Abolitionism; how he stood theAjax Telamon
of his party, and defied them all? I think it in
bad taste, at least, ruthlessly and wantonly and
in hot haste to hurl such giants over the battle-
ments of party. I have seen and heard his mo-
tives assailed; it is not mine to do this; I impugn
no man's motives, much less of one whose pa-
triotism has been so lofty, whose devotion to the
Constitution seemed so sincere, whose high aims
have all along been for his country's good, his
country's glory. The Democracy of Tennessee
were proud of Douglas; they will not make haste
to give him up, and if needs be he must go, the
parting to them I know will be a sad one.
It was argued the other day with much zeal by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] over
the way, that the President and his party not only
indorsed the Lecompton constitution, but by argu-
ment, entreaty, and by threat, seek to induce Con-
gress to indorse it, and thereby give it the sanc-
tion and force of law. But that gentleman omitted
to point out the line or passage of that message
containing such threat. In what partof itis it to
be found? The argument of the President is to
my mind clear and conclusive that Kansas should
be admitted under the Lecompton constitution,
not upon the ground of tranquillity only—as stated
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Clark
B. Cochrane,] but of justice. Yes, sir, it is upon
the ground of stern justice as well as to restore
peace and harmony to a distracted country, that
the President plants himself boldly in his mes-
sage.
Itwas also argued by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] that this constitution did not em-
anate from the people of Kansas, was not their
will, and that its provisions are in direct conflict
with the Constitution of the United States; that it
was conceived in sin and brought forth in iniquity
—without proving, or attempting to prove these
bold and startling declarations. Where, I-ask, is
it in conflict with the Constitution of the United
States?—did he show us where? Satisfy me that
this is so, and it never receives my sanction. I
shall show, or attempt to show, that it is the le-
gally, and only legally-expressed will of the peo-
ple—that it is in strict conformity with the Con-
stitution.
As to the declaration that it was conceived in
sin and brought forth in iniquity, this very same,
self-same, declaration more than a thousand times
was made by the opponents of the Kansas and
Nebraska act; and yet, an overwhelming major-
ity of the freemen of this nation have stamped
with the broad seal of public condemnation, this
calumnious declaration. It was, as eloquently re-
marked the other day by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Lamar,] "the second declaration
of independence." With what cruel effrontery?
then, they now exclaim that this instrument, this
Lecompton constitution, was conceived in sin and
brought forth in iniquity, when they, themselves,
the lawless tramplers under foot of all law and
forms of laws, stood by and stubbornly refused to
prevent—when, according to their own showing,
they had it in their power to do so—this foul thing,
reeking, as they say, with fraud and corruption,
from being fastened upon them! But 1 will speak
of that more fully after a while, and in its proper
place.
Mr. Chairman, I think the President deserves
well of this nation for the patriotic and constitu-
tional stand he has taken on this much vexed and
distracting question. To have done less,he would
have, in my humble judgment, departed from the
principles of the act itself, and of the platform
upon which he stood when he was borne into
power. To have done more, would have over-
stepped and gone beyond that great doctrine which
was sought to be established, and which was es-
tablished for the first time in the history of this
Government. The doctrine and principles upon
which the great battle was fought and won—what
are they? It is not necessary to enter into a
minute review of all the ramified relations of the
Kansas question. They have been published far
and wide; theyare familiar to the country; every
act which has marked the brief butstirring history
of that distiactcd Territory is fresh in the mem-
ory of the most unlettered man. But what, sir,
was the great principle, the great theory which
was the boast of the Kansas bill? Why, sir, it
was that that distracting clement which had, upon
more terrible occasions than one, frightfully im-
periled the Republic, should be withdrawn from
the threatening theater of national legislation, and
located where it properly belonged—with the peo-
ple themselves. The advent of this doctrine was
rapturously hailed everywhere as the harbinger
of peace to the councils of the country. And
peace there would have been, but for those dis-
loyal and revolutionary spirits who cannot live in
peace. Upon this doctrine the great battle upon
which hung the fate of the nation was fought and
won. Who were the enemies of this policy?
The enemies of this policy at the North were
those who were waging a fierce war upon the con-
stitutional rights of the South, who were opposed
to the equal rights of all the States, North and
South, to the rightful enjoyment of the Territory
which had been purchased and won by the com-
mon treasure and common blood of all the States
—North as well as South.
The enemies of this measure, of this policy,
at the South, were too few and feeble to deserve
notice; for the whole array of opposition came
from the North. Those of the Democratic party
who see fitto differ with the Presidentin his Kan-
sas policy, contend that they do not, by so doing;
oppose the great principles of the Kansas and
Nebraska act; but that they are the only true up-
holders—defenders of that faith—the vindicators
of that policy. The Republican party, opposed
to the whole measure, to the doctrine, to the prin-
ciples of the Kansas and Nebraska act teto ccelo;
the anti-Administration Democracy contending
at the same time that they, and they only, repre-
sent the doctrine in all its pristine purity; and yet
they stand together, united, one party, as far as
this question is concerned. Here, we have pre-
sented the political anomaly of parties standing
agreed upon a measure—the one swearing hos-
tility to it, and the other claiming to be us ortho-
dox advocates and expounders. Each started
traveling in exactly different and opposite direc-
tions, and have continued traveling/and yet have
come together. How can this be ? If the Repub-
lican party are true to their original faith in oppo-
sition to the fundamental principles^** the Kansas
and Nebraska act, and stand firm upon them—and
I believe they do—and the anti-Administration
Democrats stand firm on their original faith in sup-
port of the fundamental principles of that act, as
they say they do, then how comes it that they are
agreed—stand together, fight together, and fall
together, too, upon this question ? The one party
who have all along been alien enemiesof the meas-
ure, and boasting, too, in that enmity; and the
other still stronger boasting in their loyalty to
them—tiow united.
Who have been the fiercest enemies of this con-
stitution in Kansas? Are they not those who
have made open and rebellious war upon the Con-
stitution of the country, the rights of the people,
and the laws of the land ? Have they not, in open
defiance of all law and order, with a heart regard-
less of all social duty, and fatally bent upon mis-
chief, lighted up the torch of civil war in their own
distracted borders, and well-nigh throughout the
land ? Is this the company our friends are found
in? I know they do not feel at home there. I
know that praise from that quarter sounds not
pleasing to their ears.
But let us look a little into this question, and
see who have departed from the great cardinal doc-
trines inaugurated by that policy, they or we who
stand by the Administration. They say that pop-
ular sovereignty has been violated, because tn.e
constitution was not, in all its parts, submitted to
the people. What is popular sovereignty? Itis
the supreme power of the people. What people ?
Why, the people of Kansas. Power to do what?
In the language of the act, from which they got
their power to act at all in the premises, it was to
be " perfectly free to form and regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way, subject only
to the Constitution of the United States." Have
the people of Kansas been thus free to do this
thing? Have they had an opportunity to form
and regulate their institutions in their own way?
In the first place, then, what is meant by " peo-
ple?" Who were the people who were thus left
free to form their institutions ? Why, they were
thatorganized body of persons who composed the
community of Kansas—organized body, legally-
organized body—not the lawless, not the rabble,
not the revolutionary, who were doing everything
to subvert the free expression of the popular will;
they were that organized body of persons who
acted through the legally-expressed will of a ma-
jority. Why, the Cincinnati platform itself says
that the people of a Territory are those in a Ter-
ritory who act through the legally-expressed will
of amajority; not the reckless red-repubhean-rab-
ble will, expressed without law, or forms of law,
but the legally-expressed will. Expressed how?
Why, expressed through the. ballot-box, at the
times and places legally appointed for that purpose;
not at those times and places appointed by an irre-
sponsible and illegal, unconstitutional power, but
appointed by law, and by those having authority
under the law. When and where, 1 ask, has been
expressed, legally expressed, any will of a ma-
jority of the people of Kansas, preparatory to the
formation of any constitution but the Lecompton
constitution? When and where, except at the
poll taken first to know whether or not they would
call a convention; then to elect delegates to that
convention; then to carry out the will of that con-
vention? Havenotall these separate and distinct
acts of the people of Kansas been acknowledged
as legal by the present opposers of the Lecomp-
ton constitution? Were they not recognized by
Governor Walker? In his letter to the Secretary
of State, of the 15th of July, 1857, he says:
" Early in July X proceeded to Paoli, a town in Kansas,
situate fifty miles south of Lecompton, where the land sales
were then progressing. A very large crowd, not less than
one thousand, assembled to hear my addres-s, when the
views heretofore expre-^ed by me, substantially, were again
repeated. I was answered by one of their favonto oratois,
ot the name ot Foster, who, among other things, accused
the President of the United States of great inconsistency m
oppos/njr the 'EJppeka movement, when it was well known
that he had advocated the admission of Michigan as a State,
m 1638, under what he (Foster) claimed to be proceedings
similar to those at Topeka. Most fortunately I had parti-
cipated, as a Senator ot the United States, m the admission
of Michigan, and was enabled to explain the matter satis-
factorily to th# people. I showed them that, in the case of
