494
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Right of Visitation—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
block-houses intended to protect. The nameand
site of each block-house, as well as the roads and
trails cut out by the volunteer service, are given in
an official document published by order of the
Legislature of Washington.
Of the whole number of eighteen hundred and
ninety-six enlisted men in the Washington vol-
unteers, two hundred and thirty-six were friendly
Indians, and two hundred anu fifteen citizens of
Oregon, leaving fourteen hundred and forty-five
citizens of Washington in service from October,
1855, to September, 1856. Their average' term
of service, as I have before observed, was one
hundred and twelve days. Thus it will appear
that nearly seven eighths of our citizens served
nearly four months during that war—an amount
of service that has not certainly its parallel in this,
or probably in any other country.
In Washington, the volunteers were nearly
equally divided between foot and mounted troops.
There were one thousand and seventeen men who
served as cavalry, and eight hundred and seventy-
nine who served as infantry. The operations on
the sound—a large portion of the country being
very heavily timbered, and there being in the tim-
ber dense underbrush and fallen logs—required
that the troops should be principally foot troops;
the operations in the interior, it being mostly a
prairie country, that all the troops should be
mounted. The greater vigor and success of the
volunteer operations east of the Cascades, over
those of the regular service, were due very much
to the fact that the volunteers were well mounted,
whereas the greater bulk of the regular force was
infantry. The volunteeis were, however, very
superior in all the qualities of service to the regu-
lars. There was scarcely a man in the volunteer
service who had not crossed the plains, become
inured to all the routine of camp life, and thor-
oughly accustomed to moving in that country,
either on his horse over the prairie, or on foot
through the dense forests.
We had no difficulty whatever in raising foot
troops, nor in dismounting our horse troops,
when, ab on the sound, the operations extended
from the praiiie region, at the head of the sound,
to the wooded regions eastward, where horses
could not be used.
The remarks, Mr. Chairman, of Mr. J. Ross'
Browne as to the causes of the war, are so perti-
nent and so just that i will give them at length:
" Kam i-a-y-kan, the chief of the Yakimas, was bitter in
his animosity. As caily as J&>3 lie projected a war of ex-
termination against the whole race of Americans wuhm
the country. It was ins settied deieuninauon to make the
war general, and he spared no inducements to ofleet a coali-
tion with the Nez Perces, Oayuses, Walla-Wallas, and
other tubes. For your mlormauon on this point, showing
that war actually was premeditated in Iti.VJ, J s,end you in-
closed a tian-Jatioii of the letter of Father P.indory,"pue>t
at the Atalmam Minion, dated 'April. 10 Father
Mesplie, at the Dalles, m which he says: 4 A chief of the
upper Nev. Perees has killed Unity head of cattle at a fen*t
given to the nation; and this number of antnnls not hem?
sufficient, seven moie were killed. The fea.^t was given
in ordei to unite, the health of the Indium, to make decolla-
tion of war against the Amei icans Through the whole
course of the winter I have heard the same thin?—that the
Ca>uses and No/, tVrces have united themselves (or war.
During the couir-c of l<i**t spting 1 was m the O.iyusc coun-
try after they had given a similar feast. I said nothing, he-
cause 1 thought that tiiey had a tub-agent who would
speak.' * * * * •! will recount to you
what they pay- Alt the Indians upon the left (north) bank
of the Columbia, fiom the Blaekiect to the Chenook, in-
clusive, aie to assemble at the Cavuse country. All on the
right bank, through the same extent of countiy, are to as-
semble oil the f^imcoe, (on the Yakima,) including those
from Nisqually and the vicinity. The cause of this war is,
that, the Amci icans are gotri; to seize their lands.'
"This grave and startling information, so feaiftilly veri-
fied since, was promptly communicated to Major Alvord,
who reported it to General Ilitehcock, the then command-
ing officer of the military depai intent on this coa*t. Major
Atvord was cen^urcd as an alarmist, and Father Pandory
was treated m the same manner by iu< supctior.
" It will be observed that the date of the letter is April,
1853. If the war, therefore, was one of speculation, gotten
up by the settlers of Oiogon, the scheme should have been
fiustiatcd then. Information that a war was actually going
to take place—that the Indians had avowed it in council-
was m po^pssion of the commanding officer of the military
depaitment. Whv did he not expose the speculations?
Why did not the Departments m Washington issue oidors
to the Governor of the Termouep, appru-jng them of their
knowledge ofllin scheme, and cause it to bo then arrested >
Simply, as i conceive, because no such scheme was ever
contemplated, either then or since. The settlers only asked
protection tor their live*? and piopetty; and after both have
been fieely s-aeriliecd, the charge is, for the fust tunc,
brought against them.
" But to return a moment to the combination. As no
change took place m the Hudson Bay Company's posts after
the treaty of 1848, and their possessions and appearance of
power remained the same as before, the Indians, up to a very
recent date, regarded the Territory of Washington as under
the influence of ' King George.'
" The Nisqualiies and other tribes of Puget Sound, wjiose
chiel intercourse had always been with' King George5 men,
naturally shared their animosity against the Americans.
When Governor Stevens treated with them, he found them
in a very disaffected condition. It was with difficulty the
chiefs could be gotten together. Soincthinghad to bedone
with them, and, under the circumstances of difficulty at-
tending the makrng of these treaties, I am satisfied no pub-
lic officer could have done better. The treaties were not the
cause of the war. I have already shown that the war had
been dcteimined upon long before. If Governor Stevens
is to blame because he did not so frame the treaties as to stop
the war, or stop it by not making the treaties at all, then that
charge should be specifically brought against him.
" Leschr, the celebrated Nisqually chief, was most de-
termined m his hostility. Bold, adventurous, and eloquent,
he possessed an unlimited sway over his people, and by the
earnestness of Jus put pose, and the persuasiveness of his
arguments, carried all with him who heard him speak. He
traveled by day and night, caring neither for hunger nor fa-
tigue ; visited the camps of the Yakimas and Khckitats, ad-
dressed the councilsin terms of eloquence such as they had
seldom heard. lie crossed the Columbia, penetrated to
southern Oregon, appealed to all the disaffected there. He
dwelt upon their wrongs; painted to them, m the exuber-
ance of Jus imagination, the terrible pictuie of the ipolahly
illeha,1 the land of darkness, where no ray from the sun
ever penetrated ; where there was torture and death for all
races of Indians ; where the sting of' an insect killed like
the stroke of a spear, and the streams were foul and muddy,
so that no living thing could drink of the waters. This was
the place whete the white man wanted to carry them to.
fie called upon them to resist like braves so terrible a fate.
The white men were but a handful now ; they could alt be
killed at once, and then other® would fear to come. But,
if there was no war, they would grow stiong and many,
and soon put all the Indians in their hi? «hips and vend them
off to that teirible land, where torture and death awaited
them.
11 It may readily be supposed that a rude and ignorant peo-
ple, naturally prone to Miper-nition, were not slow in giving
credence to these fearful stone?. Each tribe had its griev-
ances, from the north to the south. Common interest bound
them m their compact against a common enemy.
" The Mormons, at tins tune, had also sent their emissa-
ries among them tospiead the disaffc tton. In the Simeoe,
at a council of the tubes, in 1^54, a chieffrom the Mormon
counttv urged them to war. The talk of tilts chief, as de-
tailed by a friendly Indian who was in thp couucil,'was to
this cffcct: That iai in the desert there lived the greute&t
people on earth, who eon trolled the qui. He had been among
them and talked with them, and they had sent him here to
say what they weie. They could strike dead anybody at a
distance; they could make the sun bland still; they could
make powdci and muskets, and they were the fiicmU of the
Indians. The Americans were the enemies of the i tidian?.
They wanted the Indians to kill them all. They would
send them powder, and muskets, &c.
" That the Mormons did fui nihil seveial of the tribes with
ammunition, is pioved by the nairative ofCaptain Shaw, of
the Walla Walla volunteers. At the ia*t battle fought up
there, he found powder, millets, balls, &c., among the In-
dians bearing the Mounon brand.
George H. Simpson, late interpreter and agent at the
Cascades, who originally came to Salt Lake as an agent
for the Salt Lake math, stated, from his own knowledge,
that the Mormons sent out emissaries among all the tribes
of Indians prior to the war, urging them to unite in exterm-
inating the Americans.  
"But the plan of operations had not been sufficiently
matured. Some of the tnhes were too impatient to wait
till tiie proper time had arrived. In the summer of 1^5,
after the diseovei> of the Colvillc mines, a general iiibh
took place there. The ih^t man mutdejed was IWattiee,
a miner, who was on his way theie with a constdei.ible
amount of money and provisions. lie was killed-oon after
descending the Snoqualiime pass by a patty ot Indians sup-
posed to be Yakimas. Near the same time, i-'antjoy, an-
other miner, was killed. These were both respectable men
fiom the State of Maine. They weie propnetors of a coal
mine on the Danami -h. The minders on the White river
occurted some two months after. Agent Bolou, heating
of the Yakima murders, crossed over irom the J>;illes to see
the chief Kam-i-a-y-kan. Ouahi, another prominent chief,
was present m camp. Bolon spent the night there, no doubt
remonstrating with them for their acts. Next day, as he was
liduig back, he was oveitaken by two or three Indians,
who rode along with him in an apparently fuendiy man-
ner. One lagged behind, and, while the other* engaged his
attention, s-hot him m the back. He was then dragged fiom
his horse, scalped and partly burnt. One of the murderers
is said to be a son of the chief Ouahi.
" On the 8tir 01 9th of October the Indians of s-outhern
Oregon began the woikof extermination. They slaughtered,
indiscriminately, men, women, and ehildten. At or about
J the same date the war had opened in Washington Teuitory.
i The movement vvassimultaneou«, and could only have been
the result of concert; but the Indians themselves havesinee
I freely admitted that their plan embraced aii parts of the
[ country, fiom north to south.
| " I will not undertake to follow up the history of the war
i toalatei period. Its peculiar features have been repi evented
officially on both sides, and us ptogtess and termination are
matteis of public record.
"Upon a careful peiusal of all the dispatches, I find
nothing to sustain the charge of speculation. No peison
j can visit the Teiirtoties, of Oregon and Washington, con-
volve with the people, e>eo them on their fat ms and at their
| daily labors, and consider their true inteiests, without com-
I mg to the conclusion that such a charge is absurd and mon-
'  trous. What could they hope to gain? Few of them had
anything to spare upon which to base a speculation. a
farmer is well off who has his fields fenced in, a few head
of oxen, and three or four cows. If he got treble priee for
Ins stock, the sale, upon an unlimited credit, would have
been a sacrifice to him. Ilis faim must go to rum. The
interests of the settlers of nearly every pursuit are nearly
identical. Their future prospects depend chiefly upon the
prosperity ot the countiy, the increase of emigration, en-
hancement in the value of property, security of life, open-
ing ot new facilities for the transportation of their products.
All tins was diametrically opposed to a war. No compen-
sation that Government could make would atone for the
murder of families, the stoppage of labor everywhere, the
loss of tune, the suspension of emigration, and the numer-
ous evils resulting from this disastrous conflict.
"The commissioners at Vancouver have faithfully and
impartially performed their duty. Whatever sum they may
have decided upon in estimating this war debt, I hold that
amount to be justly due, and trust that Congress will at once
provide lor its extinguishment."
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I ask for the peo-
ple of those Territories, prompt and equal justice
at the hands of this Congress. I ask, in the name
of their patriotism and heroic services and suffer-
ings, for the immediate liquidation of their claims.
A commission appointed under its authority—a
commission representing this Government, and
not the people of these Territories—a commis-
sion,who, if they had any bias or prejudice, were
biased and prejudiced against us, have investi-
gated the whole auestion,have made theirawards,
have submitted tneir report, and that report, with
the approval of the War Department, is now be-
fore Congress. We ask firmly and emphatically
for the indorsement of this report, and the pay-
ment of these awards, the present session of Con-
gress.
RIGHT OF VISITATION.
SPEECH OF HON. REUBEN DAVIS,
of mississippi,
In the House of Representatives,
June 7, 1858,
On the following resolution, introduced by him-
self:
Whereas, visitation of American merchantmen in the
waters of the Gulf of Mexico and in the ports of Cuba, as
now carried on by British war steamers, is in violation of
international law: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the Senate and House of Representative*
Of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the President be, and he is hereby, required to instruct our
naval officers to arrest all offending vessels, until full in-
demnity ho given for the injury done, and a guarantee
against the exercise of the visitation in the future.
Mr. DAVIS said:
Mr. Chairman: Being limited, as I am, to a
single hour in the discussion of this resolution, I
must condense what I have to say as rapidly as
possible. In introducing this resolution, 1 was
influenced by no desire to involve this country m
a war with England. I have no prejudices against
her as a nation*, but her arrogance I would humble
by arms, if necessary. I felt, und«'i* the insults
offered to our flag m the waters of the Gulf of
Mexico, and m sight of our very shores, as 1 know
millions of my countrymen must feel, humiliated
and degraded, and, therefore, determined to put
upon record my indignant denial of the right
claimed and exercised by Great Britain to arrest
and visit American merchantmen engaged in due
course of trade. If war must grow out of it, the
act is England's, and she must alone be amenable
at the bar of nations.
The resolution first asserts that visitation of
our merchantmen in the waters of the Gulf of;
Mexico by British war steamers is a violation
of the law of nations. The correctness of this
assertion I shall now proceed to establish. As
early as the publication of the Consolato del Mare,
the right of visitation and search was recognized
as a belligerent right. The marine ordinance of
Louis XiV., published in 1681, copied so much
of the Consolato del Mare as recognized the right
of search as a belligerent right, and thus gave the
sanction of Prance to this doctrine. England rec-
ognized the right and practiced it. Very many
of the northern States of Europe then contro-
verted it, and contended that it was not a natural
right belonging to nations, and refuse to give it
Jj their sanction down to this day. It will thus be
seen that it never has been the law of nations,
never having received the sanction of all or even
a majority of nations. I could show that it is not
a natural right of nations, if my time would ad-
