1858 ]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Right of Visitation—Mr, Davis.
Ho. oe Reps.
mit; but I must content myself with the simple
statement that it is aggressive, and therefore con-
flicts directly with the natural right of self-de-
fense,and the unmolested enjoyment of property
and locomotion.
I desire now to state that visitation and search
is a technical expression, and both words are used
to express the one act—the act of searching. And
I desire that members upon this floor will mark
the distinction, because I shall have occasion, in
the subsequent part of my remarks, to refer again
to this position.
I have said that even the nations which recog-
nized the right of visitation and search declared
it to be a belligerent right only to be used m time
of war, and then only for the purpose of determ-
ining the proprietary interest in the vessel and
cargo. If the vessel and cargo were found to be
the property of neutrals, they were universally
dismissed; if the property of the enemy, they
were confiscated. It may not be amiss to exam-
ine why the right of search was only to be exer-
cised in time of war, and not in time of peace.
The property of a belligerent has always been
regarded as the legitimate subject of seizure and
confiscation wherever found, and therefore be-
came the object of search. In times of peace,
when confiscation could not be made, there was
no object against which it could be directed, and
therefore it became a source of annoyance, and
not admissible in time of peace.
^ Now, I have said it was strictly a belligerent
right, if aright at all, and is so defined by the na-
tions who exercise it. The Consolato del Mare
so asserts it; the marine ordinance of Louis the
Fourteenth so affirms; the armed neutrality or-
ganized by Catharine, Empress of Russia, so re-
garded it. Lord Castlereagh, in 1818, in a paper
which he laid before a convention composed of
the principal maritime Powers of Europe, assem-
bled in London, declared it to be a power only to
be exercised in time of war. Lord Stowell, in
the case of the Louis, said the right of visitation
and search was exclusively a belligerent right.
Chief Justice Marshall, in cases of the United
States of America against some Spanish and Por-
tuguese vessels, said the same thing. In an official
correspondence between Sir Stamford Canning
and John Q,. Adams, m 1823, it is again asserted;
in a word, the entire correspondence between this
country and Great Britain has thus treated it.
This definition has the sanction of ages, and stands .
now sustained by a series of adjudications, dip- j
lomatic admissions, and legislative recognitions,
which leaves it no longer an open question.
But, sir, I do not admit its existence as a belli-
gerent right, because, as I have said, it is aggres-
sive, and therefore has not the merits of being
natural. In the early period of the history of na- ;
tions, when a few maritime States had the power '
to coerce obedience and submission to it, the law j
was established; but even in those times jt was |
more a municipal than a national right, and has |
been at every period of ihe world contested and j
denied. In 1780, the Empress Catharine, ofRus- i
sia, put forth the declaration that "neutral ves- j
sels may navigate from port to port and on the j
coasts of nations at war, and that goods belonging j
to the Powers at war should be free in neutral i
ships;" and in support of this position organized !
what is known in history as the armed neutrality {
of that day, and which received the sanction of
Russia, Norway, Sweden, Spain, Austria, Prus-
sia, Portugal, the Netherlands, the Km? of the
Two Sicilies, and the United States. This or-
ganization was made against the doctrine of search
as a belligerent right natural to nations, and de-
nied utterly its existence as such, and has steadily
been persisted in ever since, only as it has been
by treaty stipulation mutually surrendered in ref-
erence to specific objects. Thiscountry wentinto
a war with Great Britain in 1812, in resistance of
a right of search in times of war or peace. But,
sir, this resolution directs itself simply against the
right of visitation in times of peace. 1 must be
allowed to say that it was never attempted to be
separated from the word " search '* until 1818, and
flot a single writer on the law of nations can be
produced by the enemies of this resolution who
has ever asserted it as a nght separate from search.
It is a part of the definition of search, and until
within the last forty years no one has attempted
to separate them. Lord Aberdeen, in his letter
of the 13th of October, 1841, to our Minister at
the Court of St. James-, Mr. Stevenson, for the
first time feebly attempted a distinction, to which
Mr. Stevenson replied in the following language:
" We confess ourselves unable to collect from it the real
nature of the distinction alleged to exist between tho right
claimed by the British Government and the ordinary light
of visitation and search. If his lordship has failed in ex-
pressing, with sufficient clearness and precision, the con-
ceptions of his own mind, it is certainly not for the want of
the requisite talents as a wmer, since* his letter is written
with the greatest terseness.and elegance; but ought rather
to be attributed to the embarrassment occasioned by the
intrinsic difficulties of a had cause left him as an official
legacy by his predecessor, and which the joint ability of
botn might well prove insuftieient to maintain. Be that as
it may, Loid Aberdeen expressly asserts that he renounces
all pretensions on the part of Great Britain to visit and search
American vessels in time of peace ; nor is it as American
that such vessels are ever visited."
But in the face of this solemn renunciation, I
say, " as American99 such vessels are now being
visited.
It was in 1818 that this right of visitation of
vessels at sea was first mooted, and then not as-
serted as a right belonging to nations, as a na-
tional law, or as of general scope; but was asked
by Lord Castlereagh to be established by nego-
tiationand treaty in reference to one subject only
—the African slave trade. He had assembled the
Ministers of the principal maritime Powers of
Europe, in London, in the month of February,
1818, and in a written communication he says:
" That as eaily as July, 1816, a circular intimation had
been given to all British cruisers that the right of search,
being a belligerent right, had ceased with the war; that it
was proven beyond the possibility of doubt that unless the
right to vi&it vessels engaged in the slave trade should be
established bv mutual concessions on the part of the mari-
time States, the illicit traffic must not only continue to exist,
but must increase."
The British Government, by her Minister, did not
then claim visitation as a right belonging to her by
virtue of any natural rights, by presciiption, by
exercise, or otherwise; did not claim it as even a
belligerent right. He, in the immediately preced-
ing paragraph, said the right of search had ended
with the war; and then he proceeds to ask that the
right to visit in times of peace for a specific pur-
pose, should be established by mutual concessions
on the part of maritime States. The very words
" establish by mutual concessions" is conclusive
that the British Government knew well that no
such separate rightasvisitation then existed; and
in the request will be seen the suggestion to create
a new element in international law. Every one
at all familiar with British arrogance must ac-
knowledge that if she had had the slightest found-
ation, instead of consulting with the maritime
nations of the- world in relation to its establish-
ment, she would at once have proceeded to ex-
ercise it, as she is doing now, under no other
pretense of right, only that she has been in ne-
gotiation with this country and other maritime
States, until, in her insolence, she is claiming it
by usage.
Let me examine rapidly the history of the dip-
lomatic correspondence between this country and
Great Britain in reference to this subject, for the
purpose of ascertaining how far she has reasons,
at this time, for supposing this country will ac-
quiesce in it. In the latter part of the year 1818,
or the spring of 1819, Mr. Rush, our Minister
resident at the Court of St. James, was addressed
upon this subject by Lord Castlereagh, which i
was reserved by him for reference to this Gov- j
crnment. Mr. Adams was thenSecretary ofState; ;
and, in his reply to this communication of Lord j
Castlereagh, he used the following clear, em- j
phatic language: j
" The admission of a right in officers of foreign ships-of- i
war to enter and searclnhe vessels of the United States, in j
tune of peace, under any circumstances whatever, would j
meet wnh universal repugnance m the public opinion of (
this country." i
In December, 1820, Canning, the British Min- i
ister at Washington, again called the attention of j
Mr. Adams to this proposition for the grant of i
right to visit, which application was again re- '
fused in courteous but decisive language. h
Again, on the 29th day of January, 1823, Sir
Stamford Canning stated to Mr. Adams— ||
l- That the JJntish Government still remained convinced |!
that the only effectual remedy of suppressing the traffic was !!
to bo found m the proposed mutual concession of the right > j
of search." li
The concession was again refused by our Gov-
ernment, and, although perhaps the boldest-states-
man Great Britain ever had, was in the control,
he did not dare assert or claim the right to visit
without concessions. The very language is con-
cession. The very word used in all this corre-
spondence was " concession"—concede to Great
Britain. If it was hers of right, we had nothing
to concede, she nothing to demand. And when
in her history has she failed to claim and enjoy-
all that was hers of right, and more, far more?
The very fact that she asked concession is of it-
self enough to convict her before the bar of the
civilized nations of the earth that she had no
right, and she knew it. I have already shown
that, as late as 1841, Lord Aberdeen,in his com-
munication of the 13th of October, expressly re-
nounced all pretensions in time of peace to visit
and search American vessels. i will not detain
the House longer by referring to other evidences
to be drawn from renunciations of this right in
time of peace. But I will, before I quit this branch
of the subject, refer the House to a curious item
of English history in relation to the same sub-
ject. It seems that, in 1839, the Haytien Govern-
ment enacted a law providing that any vessel,
whether Haytien or otherwise, found engaged in
the slave trade, should be seized, and brought
into port for adjudication. This law aroused the
indignation of the British Lion, and Lord Palm-
erston responded in the following language:
"Hayti has undoubtedly the full right to make such an
enactment about her own citizens and ships, but that her
Majesty's Government apprehends that Hayti has no right
to legislate for the ships or subjects of other States. That
m time of peace, no *hip belonging to one State has a right
to search arid detain ships bailing under the flag of. and be-
longing to, another, without the pei mission of such State."
He also states that the right of search and de-
tention to be exercised must be first given by
treaty. And yet, in the face of all this, she has
many vessels m the waters of the Gulf of Mex-
ico, daily detaining and searching our merchant-
men; and men are to be found—yes, men upon
this floor—who speak of it with suppressed tone,
as if afraid they would offend Great Britain and
cause her to make war upon us. Sir, I must say,
that if to this complexion things must come at
last, because we shall demand that our honor be
not violated, and our commerce destroyed, let it
come; and in that hour will come forth millions
of fiim hearts and strong arms, to strike down
and humble the haughty imperialism which exists
on the little spot called England.
But, Mr. Chairman, I desire to present this
subject to the House in another aspect, so that
every earthly difficulty may be removed from
around it. In 1817 a French vessel called the
Louis was captured and condemned in the infe-
rior courts of admiralty. The case was brought
before Lord Stowell, who reversed the sentence
of the court below, upon the special ground that,
even admitting that the slave trade had been pro-
hibited by the municipal laws of France, (which
was doubtful,) the right of visitation and* search
(being exclusively a belligerent right) could not
consistently be exercised in time of peace. He
also says:
" No nation can exercisc the right of visitation and search
upon the common and unappropriated part of the ocean
except upon the belligerent claims."
In the case of Madragovs. Willis, in the King's
Bench, in 1820, it was decided that the British
Government could not prevent the subjects of
other States from carrying on the slave trade out
of the limits of the British Government. Now,
with all these admissions by her ministers, these
decisions of her courts, these'declarations made
by our courts and our Government a thousand
times over—that she should send her cruisers in
our very neighborhood, in sight of our shores,
and constantly, in a manner most offensive, most
lawless and defiant, search our merchantmen,
is enough to call forth a murmur of scorn from
the graves of our revolutionary ancestors against
this generation if we longer submit to it. Timid
men here may bow in menial silence, and cry,
" Wait the slownessof negotiation!" but, should
there be such, they will, when they return to
their constituents, meet an indignant rebuke from
high-souled freemen, who will not willingly yield
to individual or national dishonor.
Thus, Mr. Chairman, I have shown the non-
