1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
suppose, by some officer of the Department sent
hero, indorsed by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs or the Secretary of the Interior, and then
communicated to this House. Itseems almost a
vain effort to resist such appropriations; and I
make these statements \iow, because I intend
that the country shall know the cause of the ex-
penditures of the public money.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I oppose theamend-
ment. I admire the spirit of my friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Seward,] and I am sorry that it
is not within my power to redress the grievances
of which he complains.
Mr. SEWARD, I am not entitled to the gen-
tleman's sympathies, and do not claim them.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to correct
one statement that he made. He says that we
take the statements of Indian asrents. The esti-
mates are sent here from the Secretary of the In-
terior, and reduced to as low a point as they can
bo put without injury to the public service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia was to strike
out " $25,000." I move to amend by inserting
"$24,500."
The gentleman from Georgia is mistaken when
he states that this is an appropriation made upon
reports of Indian agents to the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. It is for contingencies of the :
Indian department, which arose in this way:
during the last Congress a resolution was intro-
duced calling upon the Secretary of the Interior
to furnish ail the eoirespondence which had ta-
ken place on Indian affairs in the Territories of
Washington and Oregon. It will be recollected
that we received a message from the President of
the United States in answer to that resolution. I
believe that there was some two or three cubic
feet of manuscript sent here containing that in-
formation. A proposition was made to print it,
but was negatived. Several clerks have been
employed during the last year and since the adop-
tion of that resolution, in order to comply with
the request of the House. The resolution was
introduced by a gentleman from New York, (Mr.
Sa^e,) not now a member. The amount of this
appropriation is what was necessary to pay for
extra clerk hire in answering this call of the
House for information, as well as others. The
regular force of the office was insufficient to an-
swer the call, as well as the regular duties de-
volving on them.
Mr. SEWARD. We hear a great deal said
about incidents and contingencies. Now I want
to know what these are incident to t—of what are
they contingencies?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the gentleman
will yield me the floor I will read. 1 refrained
from reading while I was up.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to reading. I know
that the gentleman can make up items from those
letteis from the Departments. That is what I
objoct to—that these items are made up. _ I want
to' know what these appropriations are incident
to, what they are contingent to, and upon what
law they are predicated—contingent to what? I
will tell you what they are contingent to. They
are contingencies growing out of the reckless ex-
travagance thatis tolerated in some of the Depart-
ments of Government. They arc incidents to
estimatesand expenditures made for objects with
out the authority of law. The Departments in-
augurate a policy, and send here orders for us to
sanction it. I am determined, as far as I can, to
break up this matter. I say that unless we are
resolute in holding the Executive Deportments
down to the execution of the law, the Treasury
will be subject to their entire control.
Here, Mr. Chairman, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means exercises a predomi-
nating influence over the judgment of this House
by reason of the importance attaching to the or-
ganization of that committee. I do not look upon
the recommendation of the Committee ot Ways
and Means, or of any other committee, as conclu-
sive upon niy judgment, especially when that rec-
ommendation is more or less dictated^ from the
other end of the avenue, and by those in the De-
partments, who are not careful in obeying the be-
hests of the law, and who, indeed, are too often
prone to set themselves above the act of Con-
gress.
| Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the amend-
j ment by adding $250.-.
My friend from Georgiahas undertaken to read
; a lecture to the Departments about the misappli-
cation of public money, and about the preparation
of estimates to operate upon the House. If the
gentleman had taken the trouble to look at what
the War Department has sent here, he would
have seen the precise reason for this expenditure
of #25,000.
Mr. SEWARD. I want the law for it.
Mr. LETCHER. The law is this: that you,
in all probability, in connection with others, in
the last Congress, passed an order here demand-
ing from the Department this information. It
will be recollectcd that a mass of correspondence
came here, weighing some fifteen hundred pounds,
and that it took two stout men to place bundles
of it upon the Speaker's table. It was for the
copying of that correspondence, which occupied
nine months, that the money is asked.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman from Virginia
is always candid. Does he tell me that this is a
contingency in the Indian department, and falls
with the charge ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir, it is; and I am
only astonished that my friend from Georgia does
not know it. The estimate is:
" For contingencies in the Indian department, or so much
thereof may he required for expenditure during the year
June 30,1858,"$t.>,OUO. Tins emanate is made to meet and
supply the deficiency m tins appropriation. ariMng from the
extraordinary demands thereon m the emplovment of' addi-
tional clerical foice consequent upon auswerm  sundry
calls for k'poits by Connies*, and winch are Mill hi pi ogress
ot execution, and for the pnioi maiiee of winch the regular
foice ot this office was and is inadequate."
Mr. SEWARD. Is that a contingency ?
Mr. LETCHER. I say it is a contingency. ,
Will the gentleman tell me who could have fore- j
seen the order of this House that wouid have re-
quired one thousand five hundred pounds of paper
to be written over ? If that is not a contingency
I would like to know what is. Is it not some-
thing which could not be foreseen ? I think it
wouid puzzle God Almighty himself, ahlufiigh it
is said that His foieknowlcdge extends to every-
thing—to know of some things which this House i
! have done and will have done before the close of |
1 the session. There is acase where the House goes ,
i on and makes an order, without knowing what J
it is ordering. The Department is called upon to j
j answer; and when it docs answer, the House will I
! not order the information to be printed, soahsolute- !
' ly worthless is it; and when money is asked for j
j this expenditure, the gentleman from Georgia ob- j
ijects, on the ground thatu is not a deficiency. ,
i Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman has made out !
i a very bad case, f voted for no such resolution ,
i of inquiry; and even if I had, 1 would stiii hold
that the act of the Secretary was a usurpation of;
power in creating offices and in employing new .
clerks beyond the number ofemployes authorized ■
by law. I
Mr. LETCHER. How was he to answer the .
resolution ?
Air. SEWARD. He should have answered 1
that he had not the requisite clerical force. \
Mr. PHELPS,of Missouri. Each Department
of the Government has authority, when its force 1
is inadequate, to omploy an additional force, tem- 1
porarily, for the purpose of answering a c dl made '
upon it by Congress, or anv branch thereof. ;
Mr. SEWARD. In the iiistplace, 1 take issue :
with the Department about the necessity of em- .
ploying an extra clerical force. Judging from the 1
general idleness of the clerks there, I should deem ,
an extra tor ee unnecessary; but if it was, the heacfe >
of the Depaument has no such discretion. If his
cletical force was insufficienttoallow of his carry- :
ing out the order of the House, he should have
announced that fact to the House. \
Mr. GREENWOOD, i desire to ask the gen- !
tleman a question for information.
Mi-. SEWARD. I am seeking for information
myself. ;
'Mr. GR.EEXVvTOOD. Does the gentleman j
know the number of clerks employed in the In- j
dian bureau • \
Mr. SEWARD. I do not; but, taken in the ;
aggregate, there are a great many of them. I see :
a great many of them in the streets more fre- '
quently than in the department; and when they
are in the department, I generally find them sit-
ting there smoking cigars.
Mr. OHIEENWOOD. - There are only twelve-
or fourteen regular clerks in that depa'rtmwit*
Mr. SEWARD. Well, there ought to be no
such department. But that is not tny position.-1
say that a public officer, in tlie exercise of htsdis*
cretion, who does such a thing, becomes almost
as obnoxious to the charge of corruption as if be
had acted in defiance of law.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Will the gentleman al-
low me to read a section of the law?
Mr. SEWARD. I have but little time; and I
will admit all that gentlemen say—that discretion
is vested there. It only makes the matter worse.
It is an abuse of discretion that ought not to be
tolerated.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Letcher,
Mr. LETCHER withdrew it.
The question recurred on the amendment offered
by Mr. Phelps, of Missouri; and it was agreed
to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by striking
out the following clause:
" Fonndemnity to George W, Stidham,a Creek Indian,
for property stolen from lmn and injured by a citizen of tbo
United States, $125."
I offer the amendment because I think the clause
is a private claim, and ought not to be contained
in a general appropriation bill at all. ft ought to
be reported to the House in a private bill for the
relief of the party entitled to it. I beg leave to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means what property this was which was
stolen, and how the Government is responsible
it?
Mr. LETCHER. I will tell the gentleman. If
he will look at page 52 of Executive Document
No. 93, he will find this entry:
The United States Tj George W. Stidham, Dr.
lc>."37.—-Januaty 1.—For the value of one mulft stolen from
hun hy Thomas liurkhead. a white man, who was con-
victed of tin1 laiceny of the same, a* per the accompany-
ing transcript of the record of the United States district
con it $80
For injury done to one mule, aUo stolen from him by
tbe s>aid Burkhead, fee  45
And this is accompanied by a copy of the rec-
ord and notice of the conviction to the Depart-
ment. Then the gentleman will find that the law
on the subject is this:
" Where, m the commission, hy a white person, of any
cume, offence, or misdemeanor, wnlnn the Indian countiy,
the prop, itv ot any Inendly Indian is taken, mjutcd, or de-
stioved, and conviction is had for such crime, offense, or
mifdemoanot, ihe peit-on so convicted shall ho ^meuced to
pav to such fuendiy fndian, to whom the piopcitymay be-
low?, or who--e person may be injured, a sum equal to twice
tin; jn t value ot flic property s,o taken, injured, <>i destroyed-
And if purh offender shall be unable to pav a sum at least
equal to the ju-t value or amount, what such payment shall
fall s-hoi t ot, the same shall be paid out of the Tieasury of
the United State-.."
Mr. BINGHAM. I have attained my object
in oflei ing the amendment, by getting information
on tlie subject, and I now withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mi GARNETT. I move to strike out the
following clause:
kl For Rcncial incidental expenses of tlie Indian service in
the Tei utoiv ot Washington, or so much thereof as may be
required (iuang the year ending June 30,18o8, jftlGjOOO."
Mr. Chairman, I have been a member of Con-
gress for two sessions. At the last session, as I
well recollect, the appropriation bills were passed
by this House almost without debate, and were
sent back fiom the Senatejoaded with amendments
to the amount of millions of dollars. We heard
those amendments read from the Clerk's desk,
and, without being printed or considered, and
without a separate vote, they were passed upon m
gross. We are doing business now with a little
more deliberation, but not much better. You are
applied to for deficiencies in the Indian depait-
ment, amounting to one or two mil/ion dollars;
and we are acting on them under the force of the
gag law, with but fesv members understanding
anything about them; and I say this with all re-
spect to the members around me. For one, I
must say that I do not consider such legislation
creditable to the House or to the country.
If this were a bill confined to specific appropri-
ations, accordingto the principle inaugurated in
the administration of Mr. Jefferson, there would
be rather reason and plausibility in this method
