1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
portant as a matter of general information to the
country, and in general relation to science.
Now, sir, I have one other idea to suggest, and
then I have no more to say on this subject. This
difficulty arises not particularly in regard to these
books, out in regard to many others, from the
disposition Senators have to oblige gentlemen con-
nected with expeditions of one sort or another,
who desire these publications for their own bene-
fit. I have endeavored heretofore to arrest that.
A gentleman who has acquired information of a
certain sort, and communicated it to the Depart-
ment, desires it to be published. He cannot pub-
lish it himself. He wants to communicate it to
his friends; he wants the country to know what
he has been doing; and he gets some good friend
in the Senate to call for his report. The report is
made; its publication^ then moved, and extra
copies are called for. It used to be an order of
course in the Senate, in the first place, to publish
the book without examination at all; but, I be-
lieve, we have a rule now, which was inserted, I
think, at my instigation, requiring everything of
this description to go first to the Committee on
Printing, to see whether it ought to be printed at
all. That will make one great saving. I remem-
ber one striking instance of the evil to which I
allude; and that was in regard to a book culled
"Penal Codes in Europe," got up by Mr. San-
ford. That was brought in here—a book of no
sort of account, in my judgment. I looked it over
afterwards. I opposed, and several of us opposed,
the printing of the book, especially the printing
of extra copies. It was said then that it would
only cost two or three thousand dollars; and we
had better print it, as the gentleman spent his
time, though without authority, in collecting this
information. We objected, and got it voted down,
the Senate being of opinion that it was of no sort
of importance, and ought not to be published.
Rut at the heel of the session, when everything
was in confusion, somebody called up the matter,
and it passed through without any one knowing
anything about it. The first I *tnew of it I le-
ceived fifty or sixty copies of the book. If every
Senator will only, each one for himself, make up
hismind thathe will notbe instrumental in crowd-
ing anything of that sort on the printing bill of
Congress, we shall save a very considerable sum
of money, and save a good deal of expense that
results from the time that is taken in the discus-
sion of these matters.
Mr. HALE. I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to two or three facts. I wish to say,
in the first place, that the fault does not lie with
these scientific men, and it does not lie with the
Departments, but it lies here in Congress, in this
boay; and it arises from our practical neglect and
disregard every day of that provision of the Con-
stitution which provides that " no money shall he
drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of
appropriations made by law." That is just ex-
actly as utterly and totally disregarded as if it
was never written, and never thought of. The
administration of the Depaitments goes on and
they spend just what they please, just how much
they please, and for just what they please, and
come here the next Congress and ask you to make
an appropriation for deficiencies. You give it to
them,and you are goinj^to give them $16,000,000
now. I have had occasion to look to see how the
publishing of Emory's report started. The Sec-
retary of the Interior says:
" The act of Congress, approved May 31, 18.54'*—
—he is giving his authority for the priming and
engraving of Emory's work—
—"appropriated a^pocitic <um lor thru purpose, to bo ex-
pended under the direction of the Seeieuuv ofthe Inteuor.
u The authority by which the above maps, view--. we
tiotts., &c., w<t* enaravctl uiider the direeuon ot the com-
missioner. i* contained"—
—not in law, but is contained—
—" in a letter fieri the £ -cretaiy of the Interior to Majoi
Emoiy, dated June 17,
Major Emory having created the authority, the
act of Congress of May 31,1854, came in. It was
a deficiency bill. We had appropriated money
enough to carry on everything that we had au-
thorized, but we had not appropriated money
enough to cany on what Major Emory had au-
thni izud, and so in the deficiency bill that year we
find:
45 Foi en^'ttvins imp*, view^, section*, and natural his-
tory ot'thfi survey ol tile boundary between the United States
and Mexico, $10,000, to be appropriated under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior."
There is the whole of it. It has got up now to
#220,000. That is what the book costs; and the
appropriation by law for it was in a deficiency bill
appropriating $10,000. Look a little further. Next
yeartheygof in $10,000moreforengraving. They
nave actually spentover$40,000 forengraving, and
paid it notwithstanding this provision of theCon-
stitution that no money shall go out of the Treas-
ury except by appropriations made by law. They
succeeded in two years in getting $20,000 bylaw
for engraving, and that authorized them, they sup-
posed , to take some §20,000 more without law; and
I will tell you how they did that. The engraving
has cost over $40,000, and the Secretary of the
Interior says:
"This amount, with the exception of the ' approximate
estimate ot $H,6UU to be paid on completion of outstanding
engagements',' has been paid out of the unexpended bal-
ance* of appropriations Of-August 4, 1854, andMaich 3, J855,
' tor running and marking the boundary line between the
United Stares and the Republic of Mexico,' and appiopri-
ation of August 4, 1H54,' for compensation of commission-
er,' &e., by the following authouty."
And then he gives the authority; I will state it
presently. Here is the way it was done. This
is a rich book; and you are going to pay, at this
session, about five million dollars more to carry
out the contracts for the Utah war, made m the
same way—not with my vote, though: not a dol-
lar. The e< authority " I shall now state. Major
Emory addressed a letter to the head of the De-
partment, which I will read:
Washington, January 21,1856.
Sir: * * * * We are now engaged in
the office-work, and it was doubtless the intention of Con-
gress, and there is nothing ui tlie law to the coutrai v"—
—it was the intention of Congress, because there
was nothing in the law to the contrary !—
—that any balances remaining on hand after the conclusion
of tin* iiHd wosk should be appiu-able to the office week.
You will ! ee hv the above liguiCf that we have saved in the
ficld-woik Itom the s,um appropriated by Confess for its
completion the laige sum ol .'JUdj'l.j-l 51), m> that we have
undoubtedly much mote limn is requited to complete the
office-woik. 1 have therefore to a<k, with a view to the
f-iuiphlieution ol my accounts and the rnoie mpid execution
o! the woi k, authority to u-e caul balance indiscriminately
for the vanous items including engravings incident to the
office and 1 he final repoit oi the operations connected with
the bonudaiy Miivey. * * * ' * *
I have the honor to be, your obedient seivant,
W II. UMORY,
United States Commissioner.
To whom was that application made to use this
money in the Treasury " indiscriminately To
the Secretary of the Interior. What did he say?
Lhd he say, what he ought to have said, that no
money could go out of the Treasury except by
appiopriation made by law? No. I will tell you
what he said; his anwer is very short:
Dkpartmknt ok tiik Intkriou,
W vtmiNCros,'January ^0, 1856.
Sir: In reply to that part of your letter of theONt m-
s.tam re-pceung the balance-*of appiopriation-; tor field and
office work on the boundary t-uivey leumning m your
hand-:, I have to *tate that I  ce no objection to the u^e of
the Uuul-4 in the manner r-uszgcsted bv von. ^ *
I am, mi, respectfully, yoiii ob;>diem f-eivant,
H. MeCLELI./VNl), Secretary.
There is the difficulty, and the whole difficulty.
I bad occasion heie, a few years ago, when Mr.
Cn ahum, of North Carolina, was Secretary of the
Navy, to ascertain that he was paying out sala-
ries of $3,000ayear to men who were not entitled
to more than half of ii; and 1 had a lesolutton
sent to him, inquiring by what authority he did
so. He s< nt back word—I have the document in
my drawer now, but I will not stop to take n out
— that his authouty was acriiam appropriation
act, and the estimates. lie took the astonishing
ground, and the Comptroller of the day sustained
him in it, that if he estimated for an offieet's sal-
ary $3,000, and Congress voted it down, as th- y
did in th.it ease,still, notwithstanding that, he had
a right to pay it, and did pay it, in the face and
eyes of a vo'e of Congress, year aftei year.
Now, sir, it is in consequence of the utter and
total d isregard of the constitutional provision that
money shall not be taken out of the Treasury
except by apptopnations made bylaw, which we
wink at, which we know, and which tumspircs
under our face every dav, that these abuses have
grown up, and u ill £iow up. IL le is an appro-
priation of §10,000 put in a defi< lency bill; and
upon that a book, en.sumo- v.oo;),0G0, printed, and
we shall pay for it—not v/nii mv vot-*, though.
I will not vote a dollar to pay for these things,
whether to print books or to get up expeditions
to Utah. I will not vote a dollar for anything
unauthorized by law. I thank the Senator from
Arkansas for bringing this matter to the attention •
of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This debate
has gone on some length. I hope we shall have
a vote on the resolution. It is a meie resolution
of inquiry ; and that we may not prosecute this
discussion any further now, I will state that, so
soon as the resolution is adopted, ] shall ask the
Senate to make a special order of the bill which
has been reported by the Committee on Printing
(S. No. 218) amendatory of the act to provide for
executing the public printing, and establishing
the prices thereof, and for other purposes. I be-
lieve that, by the provisions of that bill, we shall
be enabled to arrest all these troubles and these
expenditures in future that are improper in them-
selves. I hope we may have a vote on this res-
olution at once.
Mr. IVERSON. Before the question is taken,
I desire to make a short reply to the Senator from
New Hampshire, who has made pretty strong
charges against the Administration, or, rather,
against Secretary McClelland. In the language
ofthe Senator from Maryland, a little while ago,
let us do justice if the heavens fall. So far from
there bemg any blame properly to be attached
to Mr. McClelland for the expenditure to which
the Senator referred, there is no blame to be at-
tached at all. The expenditure of $,222,000 for
the printing of this work does not embrace any
portion of those items to which the Senator re-
ferred. There was an appropriation made by
Congress to carry on -this boundary survey, of
which Major Emory was put in chargc; and the
$40,700 for engraving, under the acts of 1854 and
1855, come out of the appropriation made by Con-
gress for the survey. Major Emory says'himself
that m the field-work they saved $98,454 of the
amount appropriated originally by Congress.
Mr. HALE. I read that letter.
Mr. IVERSON. I know; and then he pro-
poses to apply a portion of that money, whatever
is necessary, to the construction of the report in
the office, and the preparation of such engrav-
ings as are incidental to the report. Was not that
fair and proper? There were $98,000 saved after
the expenses of the field-work were encountered.
Was it not necessary, was it not proper, was it
not appropriate that the report should be prepared
here in the office? What value was the explora-
tion, what value was the boundary survey, if the
information obtained was not to be made up into
a ieport, and submitted to Congress and to the
country> According to the Senator's idea, all
that was necessary and proper was that Mr. Em-
ory should go and make a survey, mark it on the
ground, and then leave it there, and not make any
report op it. That would be perfectly valueless.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Allow me to in-
terrupt the Senator. The appropriation was not
for printing.
Mr. IVERSON. I know it was not for print-
ing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This is done
in the Departments by a system of transfers, by
taking an appropriation designed for one thing
and applyingit to another, because in some meas-
ure it is conm cted with that other. You appro-
priated money to prosecute the survey of this
boundary; and because it was to be reported, that
money was taken afterwards to print it. Th«.
printing or engraving for which this money was
used ought not to be done except by an order or
an act of Congress. I concur m some measure
with the Senator from New Hampshire in regard
to it, because it is a system of transfers -that will
eternally involve us m heavy expense.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Arkansas
is mistaken. There was no transfer m this case.
There were $96,000 of the original appropriation
for this survey remaining m the Treasury after the
survey was actually made; and out of that sum
of +>93,000, over forty thousand were expended in
making out the lepoit and engraving maps inci-
dental to that report. There was no transfer at
all, and there was no harm in it.
1 rose merely to vindicate the Secretary of the
Interior against the charge of the Senator from
New* Hampshire. Thcie is no foundation for the
charge, tie did notexpend a dollar but what was
previously appropriated by Congress for the ex-
