49®
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8-
35th Cong....1st Sess. Right of Search—Foreign Slave Trade—Mr. Cochrane.
Ho. of Reps.
existence of the right of visitation. I have sur-
rounded it with evidences unanswerable. And if
it Shall be tolerated by the action of this House,
its non-existence shall take an appeal to the peo-
ple of this country, with evidences that they will
see and feel, and perish before they will yield it.
I would have been glad to have had time to give
this branch of my "resolution a more thorough
examination, but the importance of the otherprop-
ositions contained in the resolution admonishes
me 1 must enter at once upon their discussion.
The resolution directs that the President be re-
quired to instruct our naval officers to arrest the
British cruisers engaged in visiting our merchant-
men. And it is this feature which causes it to be
denominated a war measure. Not so, sir. I have
the sanction of the British Government herself
for thi« procedure. In the case of Madrago vs.
Willis, decided in the Court of King's Bench in
1820, the court says:
" If a ship be acting contrary to the general law of nations,
she is thereby subject to conilemnation."
It may be said this remark applies only to pri-
vate ships. That would be an inference unsup-
ported by any language used. 1 see no reason
why a vessel of war should be allowed to float at
large, disregarding law, insulting nations, violat-
ing national law, and injuring private property,
and trampling upon private rights, and demand
' indemnity, because the owner may be a nation.
Prom my knowledge of British character, I doubt
not, if an American armed vessel were m its vi-
cinity, and exercising acts in violation of inter-
national law, and trampling upon the rights of
her citizens, but what she would arrest her in-
stantly; and I would, by my vote, justify her.
This view of the subject is predicated upon the
supposition that these acts of visitation are unau-
thorized by the orders of the British Government;
but if by her orders, then she is now waging war
against the United Stales; and if so, where is
there a man to-day so base as not to meet war
with war, blow with blow, violence with violence'
I have said, if this act is the result of ordors.from
the British Government, then she is making war
onus. For authority, I refer again to hei. In
the case of Hayti, who hud by law (amounting
to an order) authorized the arrest of slavers at
eea, Lord Palmerston said to the Haytien Gov-
ernment that, in time of peace, no ship belonging
to one State had the right to search and detain
ships sailing under the flag of and belonging to
another. Why? Because it is a belligerent right,
not to be exercised in time of peace.
Now, then, if visitation is being made by au-
thority of the British Government, they are. doing
what they have admitted themselves they have
no right to do by the law of nations, and they are
in the use of a belligerent right in doing it. So
you see, in any aspect you may view tin; subject,
those offending vessels are the snhjectof cap lure.
If they are acting upon their own authority, ac-
cording to the decision of the King's Bench, to
which "I have referred, they are proper objects of
arrest; if by the authority of the British Govern-
ment, then war exists between this country and
Great Britain, and that by the act of the British
Government, and we must meet it even if against
our will.
Thus it will be seen that this portion of the res-
olution is not a war measure, but one that legiti-
mately grows out of an existing state of things
for which we are in nowise responsible. This
country has always respected the honor and feel-
ing of other nations, and, if she is true to herself,
will respect her own honor; and the only proper
mode of doing it, is to submit to no insolence,
yield to no unjust demand, and have it plainly
understood that we are always ready for war.
The resolution next proposes that the arrest of
offending vessels shall be continued until indem-
nity has been granted by Great Britain, and guar-
antiesgiven against visitation in thefuture. This,
it is said, cuts off negotiation. Not so; it only
gives impetus to it. It only requires the Presi-
dent to compel Great Britain to talk in monosyl-
lables—answering, yes or no. I confess, sir, my
object is to avoid the slowness of negotiation; it
is the curse of this country; it is the disgrace of
the nation. I remember, with mortification, that
during the last Administration similar outrages
were committed upon our flag by Spain. I remem-
ber that the President announced to the country
that he intended to have instant and immediate
satisfaction. The demand was made, and what
has been done? Five years or more have elapsed,
and my pride as an American citizen is humbled
when I am forced to answer, nothing, nothing—
that Spain has complicated it with a thousand
other questions; and when my locks shall be
gray, the answer will still be, " It is being nego-
tiated."
Sir, I detest the very word negotiation. It is
the shame of this country and of this people. I
want negotiation hereafter to be had at the mouth
of the cannon, and then one negotiation will end
all our troubles. Let Congress adjourn, and when
Congress meets here next winter, we will be in-
formed that the Premier of England required time
to draw up his answer, and that weeks were con-
sumed; that in his communications he complica-
ted the question with the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
and Central American affairs generally; and, per-
haps, that a commission has been appointed to
negotiate upon all subjects of difficulty between
this country and Great Britain; and five years
will see the negotiation still pending; and, finally,
a half-finished treaty will be entered into, which,
like the oracles of old, will be so dubious that
England will give her construction to it, showing
she has gained all—we have lostall. This day
we have more unsettled questions with England,
growing out of our treaties with her, than origin-
al y existed. I will have no more negotiations
with her. The treaties which now exist must
be cut by the sword, and the sooner it is done the
better.
in the better days of France, she always met
the propositions of England to negotiate with an
indignant denial, saying 1 be peace of the two coun-
tries depended upon avoiding complicated alli-
ances. The sword will unravel their recent con-
cert in oppressing nations. This very assault upon
| us is intended by England to. create a necessity
for negotiation. 1 will have none of it. The green
sod ot Cuba is red with the blood of Crittenden;
her soil now drinks in the blood of American cit-
izt-ns, and negotiation still lingers The blood of
American citizens, unlawfully shed by a tyrant
hand on Cuban soil, cries to lis for vindication;
and the American heart, humbled by the deed,
inquires in vain, " What has been done?" and it
sinks more humbled when the answer is given,
" It is being negotiated." The indignation of this
great people burns deep in the soul, like the raging
lava of the volcano, and, like it, unless something
is done to vindicate the honor of the nation, will
burst forth, and, like a fiery deluge, roll over this
country, and consume forever the timid hearts
that rule them. We have endured with patience;
we have endured too long. I will submit to no
more delays. 1 will not consent to negotiate. We
must demand, and instant satisfaction must be
given, or we must punish.
I am told that Congress should confer full power
upon the President to settle this whole subject. I
believe if we have had a President since the day
of President Jackson, who could be fully trusted
in this matter, it is President Buchanan. But by
my vote I shall confer upon him no power to place
under his mere discretion that winch belongs to
me in part by the Constitution.
The Constitution, I confess, vests in the Pres-
ident the treaty-making power. Let him exercise
it. But, sir, in the lawless acts of British cruis-
ers now being committed on our coast, I see no
subject of negotiation. What shall be the sub-
ject of treaty? England is exercising the right to
visit our merchantmen in time of peace. No such
right belongs to her, as I have shown in the early
part of my argument. Shall we treat with her to
keep the peace—to induce her to respect the laws
of nature and of nations? There is no dispute
; between us upon this subject. I have shown that
! she has admitted the non-existence of the right of
i visitation in herself. It is, therefore, not the sub-
! ject of treaty, and I will not consent that it shall
j so become. These acts reflect on the honor of the
I nation; and Us vindication by the Constitution is
| vested m Congress, and I will not consent to del-
I egateitto another. We are invested with the
j war-making power, and war is waged in vindica-
| tion of right and defense of honor; and 1 feel that
S we, coming as we do, from all portions of this
widely-extended country, are more competent to
reflect the sentiments and feeling of our people,
than the President; and will not delegate to him
the performance of duties legitimately our own.
I doubt not that these very outrages are the result
of the timid policy of this Government, in refer-
ence to similar acts committed upon us by Spam.
If, after the demand was made upon her Catholic
Majesty,and hesitation indicated, we had broken
her silence by the fear-producing thunders of the
cannon, our ships would now ride at sea in calm
and storm with swelling canvas and defiant mien,
and everywhere on earth, the words " I am an
American citizen," would be a passport and an
honor. But England sees our halting course to-
wards her, and has presumed to exercise similar
acts, under the hope that it would be followed by
negotiation, and she might thus obtain that which
has been so long denied—the right to visit our
vessels in time of peace.
My resolution in nowise interferes with tlra
rights or duties of the President. I would not in-
terfere with them. If he has demanded an expla-
nation from England, let her give it, and the ob-
jects of the resolution have been accomplished.
1 only add an additional element of power with
which to enforce this demand, and I make it ob-
ligatory on him to use it if necessary. The reso-
lutions do not require him to arrest the vessels
which had offended before the demand was made;
it only requires the arrest of those which may
thereafter offend. And is it not right that they
should be arrested?
Nothing can bo more harmless; they look to
peace; to the prevention of the continuation of
acts which have already excited the people almost
beyond patient endurance, and which will mad-
den them beyond restraint if continued. If this
House is for peace, I call on members to sustain
this peace measure; if for war, vote it down; and
when the thunder cloud of war shall hang darkly
overthe land,say to your constituents," My folly
did it."  
RIGHT OP SEARCH—FOREIGN SLAVE TRADE.
SPEECH OF HON. C. B. COCHRANE,
or new york,
In the House of Representatives,
June 8, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tho Union—
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE said:
Mr. Chairman: The recent outrages committed
by British cruisers upon American vessels in the
Gulf of Mexico have excited—and, as I think,
justly excited—the indignation of our people in
every section of the Confederacy. No intentions,
however good, no object, however laudable, can
! justify these seemingly persistent assaults upon
[ our commerce.
j The ocean is the great highway of nations,and
upon her bosom the ships of all are equal. The
rights of nations to traverse the seas are as free,
as absolute, and as equal, as are the rights of
American citizens to travel the people's high-
ways. As the citizens of every free country pos-
! sess a community of privileges within the State,
so each independent nation is regarded as amoral
' person, having its own distinctive identity, and
I is in all respects precisely equal to every other
I member in the sisterhood of States. No matter
! how weak or how inconsiderable may be any
given Power in the intercourse and transactions
| of nations, she stands upon equal footing with
I the largest and most powerful.
I This is a favorite and fundamental doctrine in
j international law, absolutely essential to the
growth and freedom of commerce, the progress
of civilization, and to the honor, integrity, and
even existence, of independent nationalities.
Another principle, equally well grounded in
reason and public law, and one of universal rec-
ognition, is, that the jurisdiction and distinctive
sovereignty of each nation follow and cover its
vessels to the remotest seas, rendering them as
exempt from seizure and molestation upon the
waters, as the soil of their country from invasion
upon the land. It follows as a necessary corol-
lary from these settled doctrines of international
