2558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
of passing it. But what is its character? The"
very first clause is:
For restoring: and maintaining, by peaceable measures,
fuendiv relations with the Indian ti ibe% lit Oregon Terntory,
or so much thereof tis may i>e nece--saiy tor expenditure
during the year ending 30th of June, 1 b58, $2645000."'
Does the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means call that a specific appropriation? The
next clause is:
" For tin* geneial incidental expenses of the Indian service
in the Territory of Utah, or po much thei^of a-* may be
required tor expenditure during the year ending 30th June,
1«38. $56,599 31."
Does the chairman of the Committee of Ways
apd Means call thataspecific appropriation ? Then
come some private claims; and then:
" For contingencies of the Indian department, or so much
thereof as may te icquiml lor expenditure during the year
ending June 30, 1838, ^-2>,fl00 "
And then comes the clause which we are now
considering:
" For aeneial incidental expense*of the Indian service in
the Tevntoiyof Washington, <>r s-o much tffc>eof a« may he
required duimg the year ending June :w. Icv8, $!G.0jo/'
Does the gentleman from Pennsylvania call any
of these specific appropriations? And is it reason-
able to ask us to vote them without explanation ?
i think, Mr. Chairman, that gentlemen will
find how these appropriations have grown up to
some extent if they look to Document No. 93,
which my colleague [Mr. Letciikr] has quoted
from. It consists principally of correspondence
between Mr. Nesmith, the superintendon' of In-
dian affairs in Oregon and Washington Teinto-
ries, and the Commissioner on Indian Affairs; and
the correspondence is marked by a disrespectful
and almost impertinent tone on the part of the
subordinate. It seems that this Mr. Nesmith has
been asking a great deal more money than was
sent to him—agreat deal more than Congress ap-
propriated, and a great donl more than the depart-
ment authorized. And how does he write to tho
department when they u quire hun to send them
estimates? He tells them in one sentence.:
" In thus iemumi'1 dribbling (amounting ro thou-
sand- and ihou:-aurl-.] onk to pat iicuia' qnai n-is
and none other--, you have nndvei totulv lor upon the mo:t
direct and eeit.im.method of enibatra,<-sim$ the dm', icut
agenu m their accounts."
Again, he says:
tc 1 can see no iwe m wasting tirue to piepaie estimates
if they aie to be di-ucgaided in malcuig ti'iinti.inccV
This, mark you, is an agent writing to the de-
partment here. Again, sir, he says:
u If you ha VP not confidence m the oti;<vr- here, and can
trust nothing to cithrt tin n hone.iy<  di -i i<>imn. i cuiovo
them and appoint oiheiri in wtnnn j on can tep>.;<; eonli-
deuce "
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FIIELPS, of Missouri. The froutleman
from Virginia seems to prefer a general 1 n 1J of in-
dictment against this appropnadon Inli. Ho finds
fault with the whole of it on the single item now
under consideration; after permitting appiopna- 1
tions to the amount of some two or three hundred !
thousand dollars to pass, he myites a point upon ■
an appropriation of $10,000 on account of the in- ;
eidental expenses of the Indian service m Wa-di- ;
in?ton Territory. Let me inform the genileman ,
and the committee that these expenses acciued
under the administration of the present Delegate .
from the Territory of Waslnngton, as Governor
and ex officio superintendent of Indian dfiuiis in i
the Terntory of Washington; and that it waj '
when an Indian war raged throughout that Ter-
ritory, and when he was compelled to rely upon
his own judgment of the laws of the land, and, if
if, become necessary, to expend money there for
the purpose of restoring peace and quiet m that
distant Territory, lie had no opportunity to con-
sult his superior officers, but was bound to incur
expenses if he believed it would tend to the sup-
pression of hostilities and the preservation of the
lives and property ofthe citizens of the Terntory.
In this way the incidental expenses were, incurred;
or, in other words, the superintendent of Indian
affairs havm<r money in his hands for treaty stip-
ulations, applied the money for incidental ex-
penses I will icad the explanation of this item:
'• On examination of the accim*,-; of Governor ritevena :
and agents unhealed, it e- perceived that allium ah in the :
mam balanced a^ to a-jiiieiMte oi debit-; anil ciedits, vet. :
io the cn bur^cmcnts made by thcui, tney u,ii be cieuito'-s
on settlement under this genen! het'd, and dehtois to a cot- ;
lespondmg amount under other head-; consequently, it |
will require thi,^ appropriation bv Congress to make the ne- 1
<.essary transfers on adjustment"1'
Mr. GARNETT. I now withdraw my amend-
, ment, and move to strike outu J 6,000" and insert
:" ]5,ooo."
I I was not aware that the honorable gentlemin
| from Washington was at all concerned in this
! item, and the gentleman from Missouri knew
; very well my remarks were not applied especially
; to this item, but to the general character of the
j bill.
| I was commenting, at the close of my last
; speech, on the character of the correspondence of
; Mr. Nesmith, and I was quoting from his letters.
} Now, one of the points which we have made
i specially here, during this session, and it seems I
! to rnc with great force, is that when Congress ap- |
■ propriates particular sum5; for a particular service I
! it is not proper for the Executive Departments to (
'exceed the appropriation. Well, it seems that j
, Mr. Denver, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs !
■ had taken the same view, and tried to enforce it !
■ on the agents in Washington and Oregon. What !
does Mr. Nesmith say ? He says on page-29: j
It may be paid that T have acted unpiop<iil> in cieating 1
1 hebiime* ^o inr exceeding the iemitianee<; and, for aught i
1 know, the chaige may be true." j
i This agent, after having been told by the De- j
I partmcnt tfiat he must, not exceed tlie estimates, I
, acknowledges that he ought not to have done so, ;
and yet goes on to do it, and accompanies it with |
language of ofiicial insubordination. i
Mr. MAYNAIID. Has not he been removed? i
Mr. GALLNETT. Removed! No, sir. Listen i
to the i e j i i y of the Commissioner of Indian All'airs 1
to hi hi  ;
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I submit that the
gentleman ought to confine himself to the subject- ,
matter under discussion. I
; Mr. GARNETT. I appeal to the House to i
say whether, after having put the ga<r-law upon !
such a bilUis this, stis for the Committee of Ways 1
and Aleans to prevent its discussion ' '
The 1/f [ A.l H vl AN. The rule requires ilie gen- 1
tlenian to confine his leunuks to the amendment. ;
Mr. GARNLTT. 1 cannot immediately turn
to ihe*l< tier of the Commissioner, but Mr. Mix .
wrote to this agent almost apologetically, that, 1
really,m remonstrating against his extravagance, i
he thought he was simply doing his duty. Now, 1
i theso expenditures m Oregon and Washington
- have gone beyond all compass and beyond all
' bounds. I piesume that, at the time this war was
■ commenced, then1 probably were not more than
hity thousand men, women, and children in both
Tei ritones; and yet they lia\o inrut icd a war debt
something hive i\vo lumdud doliai;; apiece all
retmd. Mr. (Chairman, tl>eiia Indian war:; are too
ofieji svfeU nis ofspeeuiation upon theGnvernmonf.
'j'Jie v. u- i« not upon the Indians, but upon the
Yi-fVisery. A cIar-sof individual* living upon tlie
r S' tl'enieiKs o,.t up these wars; they incur
•un expenses, then expect the Government
to pay them. Tin.; Mr. Nesmith tells the Commts-
:-ioik r of [j id mil Alfairs that the Indians of Wash-
ington Tei riJOi y do not cost as much ay those of
(hc^on, for :hev hvo in part by hunting and fish-
ing: but i!k,[ if < o-as the Government about one
thousand doihn s a dav to A ed the Oregon Indians;
t.jaf they are locate 1 on a tra-'t of country which
can ufibrd xiothing to supply tin :r natural means
of life. Theynie, m fj.t,kept prisoners, at an
expense to this Govenuiient of *>[,0d0 a day. I
would r-uirg'-st tomyfne id f.-oni Pennsylvania
whether, if the Govi rnmeiit h to suppou these
Indians at ths:i rate, ?c woidd not be clieaper to
l>rmg tivi.i 10 the eisvof \Vashitiginn,and board
them in ,;oine of the L >tels here.
$ AL . S of Wn^hin^ton. I think, Mr.
Chan man, that injustice is done by tlie honor-
able gentleman from Virginia [Air. Gaust-tt] to
the present superintendent of Indian aifnrs tor
these two Ten Uoiu s. He is a man of lar/e ex-
perience m tuut country; a man of mtegnty or
choracter, and of very superior business qualifi-
cations. I saw much of Colonel A'esimth when
1 turned over to him the sup'Timendency of In-
dian affairs m Washington, and 1 can say that I
ne\er mot a public ofneer in my life who was more
anxious to do ins ennre clutv to the Government.
He was anxious to impress economy upon the '
Indian Fcrvico, and I know that he has labored
faithfully during his whole term of office, work- '
ing many hours to reduce the expenses of that :
service. I visited Salem last August; I wont to i
hia office; I saw Ins instructions to the agents. I ,
have had many of those instructions sent to me
since I have been here, and I find a constant per-
severing effort running through all those instruc-
tions to bring down the expenses of that Indian
service to the very smallest possible amount.
But hero I meet the honorable gentleman from
Virginia, firmly and squarely, on the charge of
speculation and extravagance. I tell him'that
I there has been no speculation or unnecessary cx-
j penses incurred by these two Territories, either
' in their Indian intercourse or their volunteer ser-
1 vices—a service which enabled us to suppress
[ those Indian hostilities and check the spread of
, rapine and massacre of our own people. Itiseasy
; to make these charges here; but, sir, we, as rep-
j resenting this people, deny these charges, and de-
; mand proof—unequivocal, positive proof—sworn
| testimony, showing the parties,showing the time,
| and showing the amount. If these things are not
1 shown, then the charges will remain entirely un-
, proved, are entitled to no weight, and will have
I no weight with this committee. Sir, we have been
1 in an extraordinary position in those Territoues.
I We have been exposed in all portions to attacks
j of Indians; so much exposed that, as I observed
! a few days since, the whole people of Washing-
; ton for six months were compelled to live in block-
' houses. The people of Washington and Oregon
■ have endured the most severe distresses; and yet,
in that Indian sei vice they have taken care to pro-
, tect the Indians. That service has been a service
i of beneficence to the Indian tribes of these Terri-
I tones. It has been a service which has dissuaded
[ them fiom war, and has prevented them from
I going to war. Sir. these things ought to be known,
! for they are true of the people of both these Ter-
i ritones. It is due to the Indian agents of these
' Terntones that they should be known; for never
i have officers woiked in the midst of greater dan-
; gars; laboied more assiduously for the Govern-
; ment; resisting clamor; resisting importunity;
| having only the service of the Government in
view.
, The amendment was not agreed to.
, Air. GREEN WOOD. I am instructed by the
I Committee on Indian Au'ans to oiKm three amend-
ments, as separate clauses to the bill.
| The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will send
j up one at a time.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move, then, to amend,
by adding the following:
Poi compensation of five extra cloik.^, employed m the
ofhee of Indian alfans, ST.OQo.
i ' * •
; Air. SEWARD. I want to know whether that
: amendment is in order. If it is, 1 have no ob-
jection to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair considers it
in ouler.
Air SEWARD. I am glad the Chair has so
dccided, for I have a very similar amendment
which 1 want to oiler.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be very
happy to apply the same rule to the gentleman
from Georgia.
Air. GREENWOOD. I send up tlie following
communication from the Comrmssionr r of Indian
Affairs, which will explain the neccs&uy for the
amendment.
" Dt:P\RTMEVF Or TIIF I NTfRIOH.
office jnoiav art air*, a?'/?/ ;j3, js."a
Sir t Bv acts of Congress ofthooth August. IS VI, and Hd
of March, J85.">, and under appropriations made thmnmon
horn veai to yeat, five e\tia cieik* have been kept m eni-
plojiueut m thi^. office; but I'm who.-e compen^auon no
estimate has hern mada for the en&uin^ jvai Th.>y have
been employed ar a compensation each ot fSL-HkJ per an-
num, ami, as their continuance is indispensably nt< e^aiy,
1 ie~p.-<-tiuily lecommeiut and ioi]u2st that application be
made to Con^ie=s for aa appiopuation of t!ie required
amount, namely, .^T.OOO.
*• indei'd, m view oi thcaieaih inctea^ed and inoie com-
plicated and chlhcult characti*; ot the dunes of the office,
ocea -loned by th.e extension oi our lelations and mteicouise
ro aad with nrtnv addit'onai and di-tant tubes, and the
iiuni'-iou^ ncati'^ cnteied uitOMncc I8od. iheroshouldbaat
laa^t fivo mnie eleik-, with -alaues of not less ihan
p >r annum, adu- d to tlie p'Mmaneiu tnrce o* the ollice. Tiie
coudiuoii oi use bii-i.!,':.: and the intcu^ts ot the public &er-
vic j sc.psn o t-ueli an addition, ineh 'vould <>bv t.ae th° nc-
*"Or—■ itv ot ihc--e >-.pe"ial apph'-auon^ to Conuiecs fiom year
to year. A itoi'TimzaUon of the office and a new c'a-^n-
caoou of bu-incss i- \t'iy much leqe.ncd. but so oiTcl
tju- hi n p>op"i and edic.ent manner, such an mcie9 e uf
the nmribcr oi us ck'tks is nccv;-.-.aiy.,>'
Mr. SEWARD. I am opposed to that amend-
ment. In the first place, we are m^t by the fif-
teenth section of the act of 1832, which is brought
here by way of justification for those extraordi-
