1858.]
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
497
35th Cong....1st Sess. Right of Search—Foreign Slave Trade—Mr. Cochrane.
Ho. of Reps.
ami maritime law—doctrines forever fixed and
forever closed to the discussions of mankind—
that an assault upon, or an assumption of con-
trol over, the ships of one country, no matter for
what cause, or under what pretext, if against its
consent, is an act of hostility, an invasion of na-
tional jurisdiction, and a breach of public law,
to the observance and vindication of which all
are bound by considerations of the highest obli-
gations and solemnity, and if avowed, constitute
a just cause of war. If, as is incontrovertible,
our national sovereignty and jurisdiction follow
and surround our ships upon the waters of the
world, their detention and search by British
cruisers, though for the purpose of detecting and
punishing crime, admits of no other or better
justification than the invasion of the soil of the
"Union for similar purposes. The right of the
United States to execute its penal laws is as ab-
solute and as exclusive as its right to make them.
To rigidly enforce and faithfully execute our
criminal code, whenever and wherever violated
by our citizens, whether upon the land or upon
the sea, is a duty of the highest and sternest ob-
ligation—as well laws against external as against
internal crime. But to admit the uninvited and
unreciprocal aid of a foreign Power in the admin-
istration of our laws, is at once a confession of
weakness and*a surrender of independence. To
tolerate such an unasked-for protection, no mat-
ter under what pretenses sought to be imposed,
would be but the deserved forfeiture of national
honor and the common respect of mankind-
It would involve upon our part, as one of the
great and enlightened Powers of the world, the
basest infidelity to those great principles of na-
tional personality and equality which constitute
the condition to the civil and commercial freedom
of the world.
No nation can arrogate to herself the police and
espionage of the ocean, without violating its free-
dom and trampling upon the honor and rights of
others. By the law of nature and nations, Amer-
ican ships upon the high seas are as free as the
billows over which they bound, and the stars upon
the flag they carry are as high above the reach of
foreign invasion as the stars they symbolize.
The plea under which these assaults upon our
commercial rights by the Government of Great
Britain are soughtto be excused, if not justified,
is her desire, which I do not doubt is smceie, to
suppress the African slave trade—a traffic long
since declared piracy by the laws of both coun-
tries, and now prosecuted with increased activity
and comparative impunity, under the fraudulent
assumption of the flag of the United States. If
the practice complained of could admit of any
apology, none more potentcould be devised. The
Christian world, for more than half a century,
have united in branding the accursed trade as a
crime against nature and humanity, as unparal-
leled in its intrinsic atrocity, and aggravated to
the climax of horror by the circumstances of cru-
elty attendant upon its prosecution.
The fact thata foreign trade in human brings, a
commerce which Jefferson more than eighty years
ago, while yet in the freshness of his manhood
and the dawn of his great fame, denounced as "the
opprobrium of infidel Powers," should, in the
last half of the nineteenth century, be revived,
and vigorously and notoriously carried on under
the protection of a Christian flag, is well calcu-
lated to induce the more humane of our people to
acquiesce in the claim and practice of the English
Government, now again, as often heretofore,
made the subject of complaint. This leaning to-
wards acquiescence is rendered the more power-
ful, from the fact that the prosecution of the traffic
is supposed to command the sympathy, if not the
indirect cooperation, of an influential and resolute
class of our own citizens, who make slavery ex-
pansion and the increased supply of slave labor-
ers a cardinal principle of their political creed,
while at the same time it must be confessed that
no very effectual means or efforts are made, on
the part of the Administration or the Federal au-
thorities, to prevent or punish the piratical use
to which the flag of the Republic is thus shame-
lessly prostituted.
But be it remembered that a great good may be
purchased at too dear a rate. There is no single
object within the compass or contemplation of
New Series.—No. 32.
the social effort, so commanding or desirable as
to justify for its accomplishment the sacrifice of
any one of those great principles which lie at the
foundation of a broader philanthropy; and, elab-
orated and established by the wisdom and expe-
rience of ages, furnish those primary processes
by which alone the freedom and civilization of
the race are to be carried forward to their ulti-
mate perfect triumph. Progress is a law of our
humanity; but the improvement of men and of i
nations advances by principles as fixed as those :
which have brought the physical universe from !
chaos to a state of order and beauty. j
Amongthe principles of international law, none \
are better settled than those to which I have re- j
ferred. The Government of Great Britain pro- [
fesses to admit them to their fullest extent, and ;
to be governed by them. She admits that the 1
right of search is strictly ce belligerent right, and 1
cannot be exercised in time of peace, unless such
right be granted by treaty stipulation, but seeks ,
to draw a distinction between the right of search ;
as defined by public law, and a right of visita-
tion in suspicious cases, for the purpose merely
of ascertaining the vessel's nationality. The claim
of the British Government is clearly and fairly
stated in a note addressed by Lord Aberdeen to
Mr. Stevenson, when our Minister at the Court
St. James, under date of October 13, 1841. It i
contains these words; j
" The undersigned readily admits that to visit and search j
American vessels, in time of peace, when tli.it light of,
search is not gianted liy treaty. would be- an inflection of ■
public law, and a violation of national dignity and itidepend- i
ence. But no 5-ucli right is assorted. We sincerely desire !
to respect the vesselsol the United States; but wc may rea- (
sonably expect to know what it really is that we lespeet. (
Doubtless the flag is prima fane evidence of the nationality ,
of the vessel ; and it this evidence weie m i!s nature con- !
elusive and inefiagdble, it ought 10 preclude all luithei ia- .
quny. Hut itis Milheiently notoiioiis that the Hags of all na- ,
lions are liable to be assunv-d by those who have no right 1
or title to bear thorn. Mr, Stevenson himself fully admits i
the extant to wlncn the American flag has been employed j
for the puipose of coveung tin- in famous ttafiie " * * ,
* "The undersigned i enounces all pretension on I
tile part of the Brings Goverumeni to visitand seaich Amcr- [
lean vessels in time of peace, nor is it as Jlmerican that j
such vessels are ever visited ; hut it has been the invariable ;
practice of the British navy, and, as the undeisigned be- (
heves, of' all navies in the world, to a ceitain, by the 1
real nationality of merchant vessels met with on the hisrh I
seas, if there be good reasons to apprehend their illegal j
character." ******** i
"The undersigned admits, that if the British runner j
should possess a knowledge of the American eharactei of]
any vessel, his visitation of such vessel would be entirely .
unjustifiable. He further admits, thai so much rc-pect and !
honor an; due to the Arneucan flag, that no vessel beanng 1
it ought to be visited by a Bnii^h ciui-ei, except under the j
most giave suspicions and well-founded doubts of The gert- j
utneness ot its character. The nndetsjjrned, although with ,
pain, must add, that if such visit should lead to 'he pi oof of j
the American ougin of the vessel, and that she was avow- 1
edly engaged in the t«l«vvc tiade, exhibiting to view the man- j
acies, fetters, and other usual instruments of lorune. or had ;
even a number of these unfoitunate beings on board, no :
British officercouid i uterine timber. He inisht sive inform- i
ation to the cruisers of the United States but it could not |
be in his power to arrest or impede the prosecution of the j
voyasre and the success of the undertaking. 1
" It is obvious, therefore, that the ulmo-t caution is lie- |
ces>arv in the exeiewe of this ri' ht claimed by Gieat Brit- |
ain. While we have rc-ont^e to the necessary, and, in- >
deed, the onlv mean* for detecting imposture, the practice '
will be caretully guarded, and limited to ea^es of strong ,
suspicion." * j
This claim of Great Britain, as thus defined and
limited, has been uniformly resisted on the part
of this Government as unfounded in public law,
and an infraction of the freedom of the seas; not
so much, indeed, because in a given case the ex-
ercise of such a limited claim must necessarily
be, considered by itself, objectionable or offensive,
as for the reason that no such qualified right is
recognized by the law of nations, and is in its na-
ture utteily incapable of practical execution with-
out leading to the gravest abuses, and periling the
peace of nations and the freedom of commerce.
The distinction sought to he drawn between the
" right of search" and the " rightof visit" is not
admitted by the Government of the United States.
On the contrary, this Government has, upon all
occasions, as is believed, maintained and insisted
that no such distinction could be found m the
writings of approved publicists or in the decisions
of courts of admiralty, and could not be carried
into practice without n-'cessaiilv drawing after it
the right of search, and the right to use whatever
forcc might be necessary to render such search
effectual.
During the administration of President Tyler,
Mr. Webster, then Secretary of State of the Uni-
ted States, speaking in behalf of the Government,
met this claim of Great Britain, and the distinc-
tion upon which it was sought to be supported,
in the following language:
u But if the vessel thus approached attempts to avoid the
vessel approaching, ordoes not comply with her command-
er's order to send him her papers tor Inspection, nor con-
sent to tie visited or detained, what is next to be done ? Is
force to be used? And if force, be used, may that force be
lawfully repelled ? These questions lead at once to the ele-
mentary principle, the essence of the British claim. Sup-
pose the merchant vessel- be in truth an American vessel,
engaged in lawful commerce, and that she does not choose
to be detained—suppose she resists the visit: what laths
consequence? fn all cases in which the belligerent right of
visitexists, resistance to the exercise of that right is regarded
as just cause of condemnation, both of vessel and caigo.
Is that penalty, oi what other penalty, to be incurred by
resistance to vi>it in time of peace ? Or suppose that force
be met by foice. gun returned for gun, and the commander
ot the ciuiser, or some of his seamen, be killed: what de-
scription ot offense will have been committed* *
"The Government of the United States, on the other
hand, maintains that there is no such well-known and ac-
knowledged, nor. indeed, any broad and generic-difference
between what has been usually called i visit,'and what has
been usually called 1 search;' that the right of visit, to be
effectual, must come, in the end, to include search j and
thus to exercise, in peace, an authority which the law of
nations only allows in times of war. If such well-known
distinction exists where are the proofs of it? What writers
of auihonty on public law, what adjudication m courts of
admiralty, what public treaties, recognize it? No such iec-
ognition has presented itself to the Government of the Uni-
ted States; but, on the contraiy, it understands that public
writeis, couits of law, and solemn treaties, have for two
centuries used the woids1 visit' and e search' in the same
sense. What Great Btitain and the United States mean by
the ' rurht of search,? in its broade. t sense, is called by con-
tinental wi iters and jurist*? bvno other name than the ' right
of visit.' Visit, therefoie, a^ it has been understood, im-
plies not only a right to mquiie into the national character,
but to detain the vesse I, to stop the progies^ of the vojage,
to examine papeis to decide on their legulanty and authen-
ticity, and to make inquisition on hoard loi enemies' prop-
erty, and into the business in winch the vessel is engaged.
In other woids, it piescnbes the enttie right of belligerent
vi>itation and search." * * * * * " t
" On the whole, the Government of the United States,
while it has not concedcd a mutual right of visit oi search
as ha=! been done by the parties to the quintuple treaty of
December, 18-11, does not admit that, by the law and prae
uce of nations, there is any such thing as a right of vis.it
distinguished by well-known rules and definitions from tbtf
right of search."
Again: Mr. Cass, in a letter of recent date, ad-
dressed to Lord Napier, who, in his note of De-
cember last, had reaffirmed the pretended " right
of visitation," restates the American doctrine in
these words:
" Youi lordship, while stating that it m the habit of ves-
sel^ upon the coast of Afnca to hoist the Ameiiean flag as
a protection against British citmers, lemarks that ' ihw
piecaution does not protect the slaver from visit,but exon-
erate?. her from search.5 The distinction here taken be-
tween iho rightof visitation and the right of seach, between
an enfiy foi the pmposo of examining inro the national
cliaiacter of a vessel and an entiy for the purpose of exam-
ining into the objects of her voyage, cannot be justly main-
tained upon any recognized punciple of the law of natioiit-.
To the toimer, Lord Pahnerston, m his correspondence
with the American Mmistei at London, added, that the ves-
sel must be navigated aceoi ding lo law. Topeimit afoi-
eign oiheer to board the vessel ot another Power, to as-uine
command in hei,to call for and examine her papers, to
pas> judgment upon her character, to decide the bioad in-
quiry whether she is navigated according to law, and t<>
send hei in at pleasure for ma). cannot be submitted to by
any independent nation without injury and dishonor. The
United Stales deny the light of the cruisers of any othei
Power whatever, for any purpose whatever, to enter their
vessels by force m time ot peace. No such right is recog-
nized by tiie law of nations."
It must be concoded, I think, that the position,
early taken upon this important question by this
Government, and steadily maintained on all occa-
sions and by all parties down to the present hour,
is impregnable, on the ground both of authority
and principle. The doctrine contended for by
Great Britain would be not only an interpolation
of a new principle into the maritime code of the
world, but, as it seems to me, an infraction of
sound policy, incompatible with the interest of
commerce, the freedom of the seas, the independ-
ence of States,and the peace of the world. How-
ever this may be, the judgment of the United
States will not be reversed. The question, so fat-
as we are concerned, must be considered as closed.
A doctrine so uniformly and resolutely maintained
for more than half a century, and to which we aie
so fully committed, cannot now be surrendered
without national in consistency and dishonor. To
incur these, the United States cannot afford.
But txiis very position, so liable to be attributed
