1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nary expenses. It is said that, under that act, the
Department has a right to employ these extra
clerks. That act authorizes the employment of
clerks during the session of Congress, if neces-
sary, and during; the recess, if the information
sought to be elicited is to be presented at the suc-
ceeding session of Congress.
I do not understand how all these expenses
have arisen. We have treaties with the Indians
in the western country, under which we pay them
annuities of thousands annually. W e have agreed
to provide them with mechanical tools, to build
them school-houses, &c.; yet, outside of those
expenses provided for by law, we are called on
to pay millions-for contingencies. We begin with
contingencies in the Treasury Department, and
go on with contingencies in the War Department,
and in the Navy Department, and in the Interior
Department. We have contingencies for Indian
service; contingencies for the Indian department;
and we have made appropriations for them; but,
besides that, we are asked now to pay, for five
extra clerks in this Indian department, the sum
of $30,000; who are claimed to have been em-
ployed under the fifteenth section of the act of I
1842.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Tlicy have been em-
ployed for a considerable length of time. It is
recommended that they shall be made permanent.
Mr. SEWARD. The lav/ only allows the em-
ployment of such clerks during the session of
Congress and uponextraordmary occasions. We
are now called upon, in this time of great econ-
omy, to ingraft upon the Government this addi-
tional source of expense. I do not believe that
theadditional labor is necessary; and I, therefore,
hope that the amendment will be rejected.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I offer the following
amendment:
For compensation of one eleik in the Indian office, em-
ployed to enable the Seeretaiy ot the Interior to carry out
the regulations prescribed to etlect to the seventh sec-
tion ol" the act of the rid of Maich, 1855, granting bounty
lands to Indians, $1,40(1.
Mr. Chairman, in explanation of the amend-
merit, I will road from the letter of the acting Com-
missioner. He says:
"The regulations prescribed to carry into effect the
seventh section of the act of 3d Maich, 185;), giantmg bounty
Jand, &c.,as to its reference to Indian cl.nmants., have also
caused additional duties, for the dt chaige of whirl) one
cletk has been employed and paid heiHoio) e out of the con-
tingencies of the Indian department; and the treaty of]832,
with the Chickasavvs, requiting a settlement to be made
with them, involving much labor, to which none oftbeieg-
ular force of the office could be assigned, it has been neces-
sary to employ two cle ks specially tor that purpos.ejWjio.-5e
compensation has likewise been paid irom the &ame tund.
The continuance of these tin ee chirks 1* also nrce -aiy; and
as the contingent fund is not adequate for their compensa-
tion, and other heavv diai^ upon it, a further apptopna-
tion of $4,200, for their payment, at the late of $1,400 per
annum, should likewise be applied for."
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after the one just adopted.
For compensation of two extra clerks, employed to carry
out the treaty with the Chickasaws, in the adjustment ot
their claims, $2,800.
Mr. Chairman, it will be recollected that the
Government disposed of the Chickasaw lands in
Mississippi, for the benefit of those Indians.
The Chickasaws complained of the settlement,
and by the treaty of 1852, they required a settle-
ment which involved a vast amount of labor upon
the Department, for winch none of the regular
force could be assigned. It was necessary to
employ extra clerks, and this appropriation is
for compensating them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer this amendment, by
\$&y of addition:
And he U fmthcr enacted, In order to avoid the expenses
for extra clerk hire for contingencies m the Inch-in depart-
ment, and other Departments ot'thi* Government, that the
litteentli section of the act of 1842, eonloriing ib.it autlioruy,
be, and the bUmc is hereby, repealed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Is that amendment
ill order? It proposes new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
"Mr'. SEWARD. I appeal from that decision,
and desire to say a word on the appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debata-
ble. Debate is only allowed* to the extent of five
minutes in favor of an amendment, and five rain-,
utes in opposition to it.
Mr. SEWARD withdrew his appeal.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For defraying the expenses of the several expeditions
against Ink-pa-du tali's band, and of the search, rhnsora,
and recovery of the female captives taken by the said band
m 1857, the sum of $20,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, the amount to be ascertained and paid under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
I desire to have read certain letters on this sub-
ject from the Department of the Interior.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the reading will be dis-
pensed with, and that the gentleman will state the
facts briefly.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not want to vote against
a just appropriation; but I would like the gentle-
man to explain why he proposes to appropriate
$20,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. My amendment
is to appropriate $20,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary to defray the expenses in-
curred in the search and ransom and recovery of
female captives in the several expeditions which
set out against Ink-pa-du-tah's band. Every one
will remember hearing of the atrocities eommit-
! ted near Spirit Lake, in the spring of 1857, by this
band of Indian outlaws and murderers.
Immediately after the commission of these atro-
cities, expeditions were organized undei the di-
rection of the Indian agents, and in several parts
of the country, for tilt" purpose of following Ink-
pa-du-tah and his band. I<\ males weic known
to be held captives by these marauders. The
public sympathy was intensely excited ill their
behalf, and earnest efforts were at once made for
1 theirlecovcry.
i When the attack was made on the settlement
at Spirit Lake, the men were brutally killed and
ji the women carried into captivity and subjected
i to outrages worse than death uself. Theexpfdi-
j tions were got up to rescue these women, and a
|j portion of tbe supplies was furnished by the In-
!| dian agent. The Indians, also, were employed for
jj this purpose, and certain expenses have accrued;
ji how much, I am unable to say. Therefore, lny
li amendment is so framed as to leave the amount
ij to be ascertained and adjusted by the Secretary
j of the Interior.
il Mr. REAGAN. How many persons were
employed in tins business, and for what length
pf time'
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I have here an
estimate of expenses incurred in the organization
of parties for the protection of settlers, the punish-
ment of murderers, and the release of captives, dur-
ing the Ink-pa-du-tah excitement ill Minnesota,
in 1857. There was paid for the ransom of Mrs.
Marble, $1,200; and of Miss Gardner, iU.aOO; and
S100 for clothing, subsistence, and transportation
of Mrs. Marble and Miss Gardner previous to
their arrival at St. Paul. There was $100 paid for
the expenses of three Indians who accompanied
Miss Gardner to St. Paul; §600 for four horses in
the equipment of a party sent after Miss Gardner;
$250 for goods furnished the Indians sent out: and
$2,500 for the equipment of a party sent out, and
which killed four of Ink-pa-du-tah's band; and
$2,000 for the pay of one hundred men on the ex-
pedition for twenty days, at one dollar each per
day,&c.; in all, 14,335.
One of the captives, Miss Gardner, was lan-
somed from the Upper Yanktons, who had pur-
chased her from the Sioux Indians; bat I believe
that, at this time, the whole ot Ink-pa-du-tah's
band is exterminated.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. By whom was this ran-
som made, and out of what fund has it been paid r
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. The ransom
was made by persons acting under the direction
of the local Indian agent and Governor Medary,
and has been paid in"tins way: the Indian agent,
Mr. Flaudreau, has £iven his note lor a poruon,
Governor Aledaiy has advanced a poiiion, and a
portion ol it has been lent uy the citizens, v.ho
now hold the notes of the G-overnor of the Terri-
tory, oregem, Flendieau, perhaps both.
Mr. REAGAN. I have no objection to a proper
appropriation, but I think the amendment should
be amended so as to provide 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has trie
right to propose.an amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. My amendment is* , 5
Provided, The amount shali be proven to the satisfaction
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. .
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. My amendment
proposes that it shall be ascertained, not by a sub-
ordinate, but, by the Secretary of the Interior, eft
is certainly a matter of little importance, as it-will
necessarily come under tbe supervision of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs. This is an act
of'humanity, as well as justice, and I hope th8
amendment, as modified, will be adopted.
Mr. GROW. I propose to amend by adding
to the amountfive dollars. The facts of thiscase
being somewhat within my personal knowledge,
I desire to say one word on the amendment of the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Phelps.] Oa
the 15th of March, 1857, this band of Ink-pa-du-
tah, numbering some twenty-five or thirty war-
riors, attacked the settlement at Spirit Lake, in
Iowa, and massacred fifty-one men, women, and
children, and carried four women, one a young
gii 1, sixteen or seventeen years old, into captivity.
These captives, with the exception ofMrs, Whit-
ney, who was killed in crossing the Big Sioux a
few days after the massacre, suffered for three
months the horrors of an Indian captivity, such
as have not been known up to that time in our his-
tory, since the war of 1812. While it was the duty,
of the Government to protect this frontier and to
send its troops to retake these captives, the troops
were ordered from Fort Ridgely, within sixty
miles of the scene of this massacre, and from Fort
Snrllmg, within one bundled and twenty miles,
to Kansas, to protect the constitutional conven-
i tion, which sat there during the summer, against
i the indignation of nil outraged people, and this
1 frontier'was left with but thii Ly soldiers at Fort
! Ridgely; and tbe women who were carried into
captivity had to be lescucd by the settlers who
assembled and took steps to ransom them. Mrs.
! Alaib'e was bought by a friendly Indian, arid
I brought back to the white settlements. Miss Gard-
ner was puiehnsed fiom the Yanktons who had
purchased her from Ink-pa-du-tah's company.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is due to these men who
have thus protected the frontier, and ransomed
from the savages American citizens who had been
i carried into captivity, and whom it was the duty
', of tbe Government to have protected—it is due
to them that tins amount should bo paid. It is
doublv the duty of the Government when it has
1 a military force stationed on the frontier for its
; protection, if they withdraw that force from the
; scene of such disasters as that at Spirit Lake, and
I send them to a distant part of the Confederacy
! for any purpose, to indemnify the citizens whose
: homes have been destroyed, and whose families
i have been carried into Indian captivity by reason
i of the negligence of the Government, for the ran-
, som that liiey have paid for the captives. These
| persons were in captivity for three months, and
; had been carried off before this order was given
| to remove the troops, and the Government never
1 raised its arm to bring them back, orto shield the
; ettlemcnts on the frontier of Minnesota. Under
these circumstances, the Indian agent, by the ad-
! vice of tbe Governors of Minnesota and Iowa,
: hired these Indians to go and ransom the captives
j and bring them back. Two of the captives had
i been murdered by the Indians, but the other two
I were brought back, and this appropriation is to
refund the money advanced to pay ihe ransoms.
' Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
i that theie is no opposition to the original propo-
! sition. I am opposed to the amendment, and ask
I for a vote upon it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. There was
one suggestion made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania which 1 want to understand. Did I un-
derstand the gentleman to say that there was an
obligation on the part of the Government to in-
demnify these citizens for their losses?
: Mr. GROW. Oh, no; this is not to indemnify
the citizens for losses, but to pay the ransoms
which had to be paid for these females who \ver«
caiiled into Indian captivity. I now withdraw
my amendment.
The amendment proposed by Ml. 1 hllps, of
Mimies-ota,  as agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I have an amendment which I
desire to offer; but perhaps the Chair will rule it
out of order. I have recommendations from tbe
Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of Public Lands urging the necessity of an appro-
