450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mormonism as a religious system had its ori-
gin in a romance, written about the year 1810, by
Solomon Spalding, a native of Connecticut, who
had been educated for the ministry, but followed a
mercantile employment, removed to Cherry Val-
ley, New York, where he amused his leisure hours
by weaving in to abook entitled by him the "MSS.
Found," the notion entertained or suggested by
some writers that the American Indians are the de-
scendants of the lost ten tribes of Israel. Hence,
lie starts them from Palestine, invents for them
various fortunes by flood and field, wars, quarrels,
turmoils, strifes, separations, until they people
this continent,and leave behind them the vestiges
nf monnds, tumuli, fortifications, sculpture, and
cities dilapidated, which are discovered in North-
ern and Central America. It is written somewhat
in Scripture style, and uses the machinery of the
Jewish economy throughout. He read his man-
uscript to various persons who yet remember it,
but was not successful in procuring its publica-
tion. Somewhere about the year 1823, this man-
uscript fell into the hands of Jo Smith, a native
of Windsor county, Vermont. Smith was about
twenty years of age, and already exhibited that
singular compound of genius and folly, of cun-
ning and absurdity, of indolence and energy, of
craft and earnestness, which distinguished him to
the end of his career.
Under the new-light preachers of that day Smith
became imbued with all the wild and extravagant
notions of seeing sights; hearing voices; receiv-
ing revelations; meeting and fighting the devil in
bodily form; which indicate a diseased imagina-
tion, and want of all solid instruction and fixed
principles on religious subjects. Enthusiasm ran
mad through the whole region where he dwelt,
and Smith was one of its most brilliant exempli-
fications; ultimately having a revelation that all
existing systems of religion were wrong, and tiiat
he should be made the prophet of a new faith.
For more than live years ne vibrated between his
caution and his enthusiasm; giving out, occasion-
ally, dark hints about certain myaterious plates
to be dug up by him, containing a new revelation.
Part of his time was spent in lying, swindling,
and debauchery, and the remainder in visions and
repentance; the vulgar habits of the brute con-
tending with the higher functions of the prophet.
At length he pretended to dig out the plates from
the side of a hill, in Palmyra, Wayne county.
New York; placed himself behind a curtain, per-
mitting no one to enter, from which sanctum he
translated from the plates the book of Mormon
to an amanuensis, reading it all from Spalding's
manuscript in his possession, one hundred and
eighteen pages of it having been stolen by Martin
Harris. With this new Koran our modern Mo-
hammed started upon his career.
On the 5th of May, 1820, John the Baptist came
back to earth to baptize Smith; and on the 6th of
April, 1830, the first church of Latter-Day Saints
was organized at Manchester, New Yoik, con-
sisting of four Smiths and two converts out of the
family—Pratt, Iligdon, Kimball,and Young,join-
ing afterwards. This Bible, unlike that of the
Christian or Musselman, purports to be chiefly
historical, and does not enunciate or enforce a sys-
tem of moral and religious truth in a philosophic
or didactic form; all its incidental lessons upon
life or manners being derived from current doc-
trines of this day. It is consequently incapable
of comparison with any other extant form of re-
ligious faith. One might as well compare the
Christian religion with Fenelon 'sTelemachus, or
one of James's novels.
tt If it be true that the author of the Koran stole Ins mate-
rials, yet must a man had greatness and elevation of soul to
have stolen as he ha^ done. Ifon the rich fields of saeied
Jiteratuie he plundered, he plundered likeapimee! The
spoil which he gathered so laigejy from the Jewish and Chris-
tian Scriptures, might be likened to that with which certain
learned and munificent conquerors have graced their tri-
umphs. They have indeed trampled upon aud ovei thrown
the ancient seat of art-? and learning; bur yet have fust
snatched from the devastations of war, each signal monu-
ment of gieatness and beauty."
And out of these monuments he constructed
an edifice, if of grotesque, yet gorgeous propor-
tions, and blazing with the decorations of oriental
splendor; but the materials of the Mormon book,
though mostly derived from the same source, are
so crazily jumbled together, so inartificially con-
structed, that if a whirlwind had scattered the
leaves of the sacred record, and combined them
again with the feats of Baron Munchausen by
machinery, it could not have surpassed this pro-
duction of inanity and folly.
Two things may be remarked upon this Koran of
Mormonism. 1st. It does not sanction the central
principle of the new faith, as now practiced—po-
lygamy: this was the growth of after years. 2d. ;
It does not purport to be a full and complete reve-
lation; indeed, it discloses that twenty-one plates
and stones are still buried and undiscovered in the
hill " Comorah," in the State of New York. But
neither the plates dug up, nor those still unknown,
prevented Smith from having direct visions and
revelations from the Most High; and it is by this
instrumentality primarily, and not by any po-
tency in the doctrines embodied among the con-
temptible literature of the Mormon Bible, that the
system has grown into its present magnitude. A
very similar organization existed a short time be-
fore at Smg Sing, in the State of New Y ork, headed
by Matthias Folger, and others, which soon ri-
pened and died out with a disclosure of the vices
and selfishness of its founders. There is nothing
whatever in the distinctive doctrines or truths of
Mormonism which would tend to give it perpe-
tuity. These elements lie in its polity, which was
not at first a matured system, but grew up grad-
ually, as circumstances gave it development:
"First. An electorship of two and two was or-
ganized to preach the new system, which con-
sisted principally of violent harangues against all
existing forms of religious faith.
Second. An apostleship of twelve, after the
model of the early Christian church, with plenary
power over inferior orders.
Third. A commission of seventy, now very
much enlarged, to go through the world and prop-
agate the new faith.
Fourth. A location for the u new Zion," where,
without disturbance from Gentile powers, it could
carry out and display its inherent strength, and
evince its glory on a scale proportioned to the
greatness of us origin and the divine superin-
tendence it commanded.
Fifth. A perpetual and infallible inspiration,
through the high priest designated by Heaven,
according to whose revelations all the personal,
social,domestic,economic, political, military,and
religious concerns of the church are to be regu-
lated, in the minutest matter, without hesitation,
question, or appeal.
There was an attempt, by Smith, to introduce
communism while the Saints were located at Jack-
son, in Missouri, in 1832; but the principle ofmcum
and tuum was yet too strong for the immature
fanaticism of the early disciples, and the experi-
ment has not been repeated.
This clement of •spiritual despotism pervades
all the several orders, and runs through the entire
line of this singular affiliation. It grasps and en-
compasses every interest, the vastand the minute,
public as well as private. No circlc is too sacred
for its prying censorship and approach ! Its thou-
sand eyes gaze upon all the promptings of ambi-
tion, all the workings of its industry, all its com-
plainings, discontents, hopes, affections. Through
mysterious and hidden conduit pipes flow to the
ear of this dictator the secrets of every domicil,
the throbbings of every soul; and back, like a
thunderclap, comes a revelation that goes crash-
ing on its remorseless way, through heart and
home of the disciple, who takes up his stalF and
flics to fulfill its stern decrees. It is a despotism
which combines all the traditional force of Mo-
hammedan absolutism with the shifting policy of
Jesuit craft — dominant at once over State and
Church, intolerant, exclusive, and fanatical. If
(i the priest of superstition rides an ass, and the
priest of fanaticism a tiger," here is a double
proof and representation of the fact.
Every cqjivert is a zealot; every zealot a hero I
To believe m these ravings and inspirations, rea-
son and history, science and the world's prog-
ress, all the morals of Christianity and all the pre-
cious boons of civilization are first ignored and
repudiated; a blind, bigoted, unreasoning, mind-
less faith supplants and swallows everything be-
side itself; and having laid down its majestic in-
dependence and its manhood, and accepted the
fetters of a slave, the wilder the marvel the sooner
it obtains credence. We have deemed, in our
complacency, that no wide-sprend delusion could
roll its turbid waters over the surface of social life
in theso ends of the nineteenth century; but we
wake up to this phenomenon growing under our
eyes and at our hearthstones, that involves the
reign and rage of certain principles of human na-
ture we had hoped were long ago discarded; that
comes raving for its victims in the circle of our re-
ligious and political institutions, and by the fas-
cinations of its egregious and impudent impos-
ture, its intemperance, its folly, its blasphemous
atrocity, carries them forth to exhibit to our baf-
fled hopes and sickened sensibilities a spectacle
of credulity and virulence, such as we had hoped
history recorded only for warning, and not imi-
tation !
It discards the fanaticism of the scourge; as
penances and personal inflictions are not within
its policy, except so far as direct and practical
devotion to the interests of the " Saints" demand
individual sacrifices. It passes by the fanaticism
of the brand; its lust is not that of cruelty, and its
jaws do not yet reek in blood. Its common hatred
has not yet risen to an immortal abhorrence, nor
its wrath swelled to execration. Fear and pol-
icy, and no inherent virtue of the system, have
restrained this manifestation of its nature; for if
all external pressure was removed, and the gleam
of American bayonets did not glitter before the
Mormon eye, it would persecute instead of curse,
and exterminate Gentile contumacy where it had
failed to convert. But it grasps with a lusty arm
the fanaticism of the banner !
Clad in the sacerdotal robes of the priest, over
which are drawn the vestments of the soldier, this
unscrupulous and traitorous warrior-ecclesiastic
rings out the blended war cry of the chieftain with
the imperial edict of the Pope ! From the sacred
seclusion of the cloister, he emerges with mailed
glove and plumed helmet. The will of the Al-
mighty comes from his mouth, and His direst
wrath foams on his hissing hp. " To your tents,
0 Israel! defiance is safety ! to crouch is to die!
strike at once for your homes, your altars, your
wives, and your little ones !" This appeal finds
an echo in every heart. He covers his designs
under the pretext of a religious persecution. Gog
and Magog are coming up against the Saints!
Patriotism, national pride,calculations of policy,
motives of ambition, resentment at foreign inter-
ference, the revenge of detected hypoctisy, all
mingle in profound excitement, to give it the
character of a religious war!
But let me not blend the elements of its polity
with the web of its historical development. One
or two points more of the former, and I will then
turn to the latter—its practical workings being
only the outgrowth of its inner spirit. It is unlike
j[ either that fanaticism of the Papacy that swept
i | F.urope of its brave chivalry, in the crusades, and
. j poured its best blood on the Syrian sands, to re-
tj deem and sanctify the cradle of its faith, or that
! i fanaticism of Mohammedanism which leaped into
the saddle and, flashing its ci meter in the sun, bade
'! the nations bow to the crescent; its battle cry
j being, u There is no God but God, and Moham-
! med is his prophet!" Each of these was in va-
il sive, aggressive, and acted independently of the
! I political structures existing among the people they
11 inflamed,and with which they did not meddle; but
j this is defensive, secluded, intense, because driven
, J in upon itself. It blends in one the polity of State
and Church, in imitation of the Hebrew theocra-
cy, and spends its missionary zeal in proclaim-
ing through every clime that God has come down
to men; that a millennium on earth has opened;
that within its peaceful walls care and sorrow
and pain are no more; that a brotherhood of love
and concord is established, where, surrounded by
all that can gratify the taste and please the senses,
the wicked cease from troubling and the weary
are at rest. This earnest, enthusiastic proclama-
tion and promise is one of the grand agencies of
its success—the secret of its marvelous enlarge-
ment.
What wonder that the down-trodden, famish-
ing masses from Wales, Scotland, Sweden, Ger-
many, France, and all parts of the Old World,
without education, without moral instruction,are
caught by the picture, and start in troops for this
earthly Paradise ? What marvel that eager crowds
begrimed with the soot of the dark mine, or pale
from the faintness of the heated factory—what
marvel that the victims of an ecclesiastical system,
that is known only by its oppressions and taxes
and tithes, while it fails to bless or enlighten—
what marvel that they crowd round the earnest
man in the thronged marts of the continent, or
