1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
on the earners of the rural hamlets of England,
and drink in his words, blazing with his own
enthusiasm, as he paints the earthly glories of'the
God-defended Eden of the West, which sparkles
to the eye of faith in the distance, the embodi-
ment of all excellence that the imagination ever
painted ? And then comes in the aid of" organized
emigration;" in vast communities, with the order
and precision of an army, they set their faces res-
olutely for their new home, along every avenue,
from the Atlantic and Pacific alike, in winter and
in summer, toil on with a dogged energy, that in
itself is morally sublime. Sixty thousand souls
at least own the sway of this occidental hierarchy.
Men and women of low intelligence, burning zeal,
simple habits; but guided and governed in all
their affairs by this inspired priesthood—a priest-
hood constituted mainly of the Yankee element,
as to nationality—an element, in this case, of cant-
ing, calculating hypocrisy, which first inquires
whether it will pay; and, secondly, whether it
promises power; and, thirdly, whether it imposes
any limitation upon license and lust; and having
satisfactorily settled these profound questions of
the pocket and the flesh, with the cool deviltry
of an ordinary speculation, places itself in the
priesthood council and eldership; lears about
from its high seat in the sanctuary for beautiful
inmates of its harem, and stimulates its palled
appetities by new victims, as often as exhausted
passion loaths the worn and wasted forms that
cease to amuse or please, where the heart is never
touched, and woman is so degraded and defiled.
Sir, are the leaders—the master-minds of this
fanaticism sincere? Smith was more hypocrite
than enthusiast. His whole story of the origin
of his bible wasalie; and, knowing that, he could
not be sincere.
Nor do I entertain a higher respect for Young,
or Kimball, or Pratt, or the other leading spirits
who sustain them. Power and polygamy hold
them there, and not a man of American bhth and
education would remain any longer than he could
help it, if permanently deprived of both of these
luxuries.
I need not argue before a Christian people this
question of polygamy. If all the Abrahams and
Solomons of the Old Testament practiced it, it is
no less devilish and damnable. As long as the
Almighty preserves by births and deaths the
average equality of the sexes, what right has one
man to thirty wives, any more than one woman
to thirty husbands? thus defrauding twenty-nine
in the social body of their rights. As long as the
human heart demands and responds to a conge-
nial and equal sympathy in the opposite sex; as
long as man is capable of honoi, 01 woman of
love, so long will this licentious system which
degrades her into a plaything of idle dalliance, or
a breeding animal for children—every element of
self-respect, every ray of sentiment, every up-
springing impulse of her bleeding and bursting
heart crushed out of her; her sense of equality,
her queenly pride as wife and mother, her sacred
place at the board and the hearthstone, gone, lost,
sunken, in the shameless contentment of herding
in droves like swine, beneath the roof of a crea-
ture who regards her as at once menial, mistress,
and slave; so long will nature protest, with all
the force of its outraged sensibilities, against this
horrid desecration.
To argue such a question is to insult the mother
that bore us, despise the home of our boyhood,
and the virtues that refine and exalt the society
in which we live. In a word, when we reflect
that the primitive institution of marriage limited
it to one man and one woman; that this institu-
tion was adhered to by Noah and Ins sons, amidst
the degeneracy of the age m which they lived,
and in spite of the examples of polygamy which
the accursed race «*f Cain had introduced—when
we consider how very few, comparatively speak-
ing, the examples of this practice were among the
faithful—how much it brought its own punish-
ment with it, and how dubious and equivocal
those passages arc in which it appears to have the
sanction of the Divine approbation; when, to
these reflections we add another, respecting the
limited views and temporary nature of the more
ancient dispensations and institutions of religion
—how often the imperfections, and even vices, of
tlie patriarchs and people of God, in old times, are
recorded, without the express notification of their
criminality—how much is said to be commanded,
which our reverence for the holiness of God and
his law will only suffer us to suppose were, for
wise ends,permitted—how frequently the messen-
gers of God adapted themselves to the genius of
the people to whom they were sent, and the cir-
cumstances of the times in which they lived—
above all, when we consider the purity, equity,
and benevolence of the Christian law; the explicit
declarations of our Lord and his apostle, St. Pari,
respecting the institution of marriage, its design
and limitation—when we reflect, too, on the tes-
timony of the most ancient Fathers, who could
not possibly be ignorant of the general and com-
mon practice of the Apostolic Church—and, final-
ly, when to these considerations we add those
which are founded on justice to the female sex,
and all the regulations of domestic economy and
national policy—we must wholly condemn the
revival of polygamy.
Sir, the common law, as well as the law of
nature, deems it a great crime. The municipal
law of every State in Christendom has made it a
felony; and the wretch who, in the immunity of
territorial distance and ecclesiastical protection,
will practice it, is worthy of the felon's character,
and should receive the felon's doom.
And then this sealing process—a mystery of
abominations that no devil not first brutalized
could have invented. As a consequence of its po-
lygamous intercourse,divorces are granted freely,
at the parties' option, and woman goes through
the process of legal transference from one master
to another, as the authorities may determine,
many marrying five or six times, and their hus-
bands all living—the wholeinvention being hardly
a vail for promiscuous intercourse.
The history of this fanaticism is soon told. The
church was organized in 1830. In August, 1831,
they commenced a settlement at Independence,
Jackson county, Missouri—revealed to Smith as
the site of the" New Jerusalem." Smith wavered
long between this place and Kirlland, Ohio, where,
in 1833, they commenced building their first tem-
ple, which was finished in 1836, at a cost of about
fifty thousand dollars. In 1839, they relaid the
foundations of their temple in Missouri. They
left this region again forNauvoo, in Illinois, where
another temple was soon erected. Jo Smith's life
and labors ended together in Carthage jail, where,
on the 27th June, 1844, he was shot by a gang of
border ruffians.
And here endeth the first lesson, in the decease
of the first saint of Mormonism by martyrdom.
"The blood of the martyrs is the seed of the
Church;" and it proved true of this, not less than
of other causes. From a plotter, trickster, and
buffoon, Smith ascended the ladder, and in the
apotheosis became a saint and protecting divinity.
Faith could now see in him qualities which light
would have contradicted.
And while the heaving mass was surging to and
fro, and looking for direction, Brigham Young
steps forward upon the scene. With consummate
tact and a master hand he seized upon the reins
of authority. This modern Ehsha drew upon
his shoulders the falling mantle of his master, and
with a will that never wavers and an eloquence of
action and tongue that masters, subdues, and over-
whelms, he sways the mass before him as with
the stroke of an enchanter's wand.
Illinois spews them out; Missouri rejects them.
Smith had aspired to the presidency, and the
Saints wielded a banded political influence on
which no party could count and which could at
any time turn the scale in a contest between them.
Dissensions grew up, blood was shed in bitter
broils; and as the land become too strait and their
numbers increased, in 1845 they turned their eyes
westwdid—to Vancouver's Island, to Texas, to
California, and finally to a valley in the Rocky
Mountains. In 1848, as the young grass was
peering from the sod and the buds were bursting
into flowers, in the month of May, the exodus
commenced. Pioneers having gone before, across
the Mississippi they pass, and away over prairie
and plain, men and women, flocks and herds—the
heavy wain drawn by the lowing cattle—the pa-
tient tramp of feet, great and small—filing along
the long line of fifteen hundred miles to a land
naked as it came from the hand of its Maker; it
was the heroism of faith ! How sad that it had
no worthier end !
From that day Young has reigned supreme,
and thousands and tens of thousands have flocked
to his standard. The unsettled religious senti-
ment of the lower grades of mind gravitate there.
It is the Botany Bay of the world! Thereit stands,
rampant and defying. Its hand on its sword-hilt
and its eye flashing fire; a Territory and not a
Territory!—a Republic in embryo 1—a despotism
consummate, wearing the show of popular ap-
proval and bending willingly to the nod of a ty-
rant. There it stands—it is before you in your
path to the Pacific—it will not away at your bid-
ding; a huge, ugly, stubborn fact, which no
! ignorance can disregard and no political fatuity
j despise.
What will you do with it? Will you turn des-
Cot and saber sixty thousand souls because they
elieve in Brigham Young and polygamy ? Will
[ you meet the fanaticism of folly and fraud by the
' fanaticism of extermination ? Will you make the
city a desert and the region a howling wilderness
on the one hand; or, will you suffer this moral
cancer, inflaming political treason, to grow oh
untouched until it becomes too vast to handle?
Will you permit an independent and defiant des-
potism, organized in the very heart of this conti-
nent and embracing the vilest and most intract-
able elements of which a community can be com-
posed, to compact and strengthen its defenses, to
train its battalions, to call home its forces, and
light a fire at your threshold which all the forces
of the Republic cannot subdue?
What will you do with Utah? Will you re-
trace your steps, and in defiancc of the principle
of the Kansas-Nebraska act, legislate polygamy
out of the Territory, and so declare, and not leave
them free to form and regulate their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way ? Will you repeal the
territorial act which they have practically nulli-
fied; annex it to adjoining States or Territories,
and let them deal with this sin to the family, and
this treason to the State? What will you do?
As an individual, I will say what I would do:
There is no way of avoiding peril; but in the face
of ten thousand Kansas-Nebraska acts, and all
the false principles they embody, I would pass a
law making polygamy a crime in the Territories,
and then send a force sufficient to scatter every
harem to the four winds. If it be objected that
an ex post facto law cannot reach past evils, this
may be true; yet the offense has been committed
in defiance of the common law and moral senti-
ment of the civilized world, and should receive
no favor. In any event, such a law would stay
the tide, and the sore would slough off ia one
generation.
Secondly. I would send an army there suffi-
cient to apprehend Young and all his co-conspir-
ators against the authority of the General Govern-
ment—who will bo found to include every lord of
the seraglio—try them for treason, and hangevery
one, without distinction, who should be founa
guilty; excluding every Mormon from any par-
ticipation in the legal processes of the court.
Thirdly. I would secure to the inhabitants a
republican form of government,and see that they
enjoyed their freedom without the heel of a des-
pot, spiritual or temporal, on their necks; and I
would wait patiently to see the results; and if all
this failed, I would turn that city into a camp—a
vast military depot, to guard and protect the high-
way to the Pacific.
There is but one question more: When and
how shall it be done?
When ? I answer now, without delay This
religious fanaticism has now assumed the form of
a civil polity, and this civil polity is anti-republi-
j can and despotic; and this despotism has commit*
| ted overt treason against the Government of the
j United States. The authority of every Federal
; officer is denied, or a reign of terror instituted over
! all their acts. War is proclaimed in fact. Forces
| are levied and trained for action* Slaughter is
i threatened. Our troops are defied, our courts
closed, our officers insulted; the savages incited to
plunder and ravage. Peaceful citizens, with their
wives and little ones pursuing the path of emigra-
tion, are surprised and murdered in scores, with
not a straggler left to tell the tale, their mangled
corpses, or white skeletons, bleaching in the sun,
disclosing the horrid tragedy. If anything is to
be done not a moment should be lost. Everyday
strengthens its forces and compacts its power.
Its agencies are hurrying home as fast as steam
and money can speed them.
I know some think wc should let them alone,
