1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. H\UNTER. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will suggest any particular objection he
has to the bill, perhaps I can satisfy him.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know that I have
objection. I want to read the bill before it is dis-
posed of.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stttart
in the chair.) Objection beingmade, the bill can-
not be read a third time to-day, but must go over
until to-morrow.
NAVAL COURTS OP INQUIRY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to call up alittle
resolution, to which there is no objection, that
ought to be passed. .There is a resolution that
was passed by the Senate, extending the time for
the naval courts until the 16th of April,and itwas
sent back here from the House of Representatives
with an amendment, and that amendment has
been amended and another made to it here. It
only remains on the table, to pass on the amend-
ment to be sent back, and the 16th of April is very
near. I presume there is no objection to it. The
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs sug-
gested to mo to call it up. 9
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of theamondmentof the
House of Representatives to the joint resolution
(S. No. 4) to extend the operation of the act ap-
proved January 16, 1857, entitled " An act to
amend an act entitled * an act to promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy.' "
The House amendment is to add:
"Except as to any case pending, undeteiminod, befoie
any court of inquiry under the act of the 17th of January,
1857, at the expiration thereof."
The Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate
reported back the amendment of the House of
Representatives, with an amendment to strike out
" 17th" and insert " 16th," which was agreed to;
and an amendment, offered by Mr. Fkssenden,
was adopted on the 12th of March, adding to the
House amendment:
u Ami excepting, also, the case of any officer who was.
absent from the eountiy at the time of the pasture olVaid act,
and had not letuined previous to the Itkh of Januaiy, ltOd,
nud any such olhecr shall be entitled to all the pnvileges
confeired t>y said act: Provided, fie applies for the benefit
thereof at any tune within sixty days after hi-* letui n."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the House amendment as
amended.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the hon-
orable gentleman who has charge of this joint
resolution, that perhaps it would be well to say
that they should have the privilege of availing
themselves of the benefits of this resolution, after
its passage, and 1 move, therefore, that the words
be changed so as to make it read, " after, the ap-
proval of this joint resolution." My amendment
is to strike out the words " at the time" and in-
sert" after the passage," so as to read, "except-
ing also the case of any officer who was absent
from the country after the passage," &c.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. 1 suggest that that amend-
ment cannot be made to the amendment. The
other was an amendment to an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
done without unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot consent to that,
because the chairman of the committee is absent,
and it was by an understanding with him that the
amendment was made to apply to the case of ab-
sence at the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will require
unanimous consent to make the amendment sug-
gested. Is there objection ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
amendment cannot be made. The question is on
agreeing to the House amendment with the amend-
ments which the Senate have already adopted.
The amend men t,aS amended, was concurred in.
ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the Senate to take up
the next special order.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 7) direct-
ing the presentation of a medal to Commodore
Hiram Paulding; the bill (S. No. 85) supplement-
ary to the act entitled "An act in addition to the
act for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States, and to repeal certain acts therein
mentioned," approved April 20,1818; theresolu-
tions reported by Mr. Mason from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations in regard to the seizure
of William Walker; and Mr. Slidell's amend-
ment to these resolutions.
Mr. SLIDELL. As the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, as well as the report of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, is now under
consideration, I will first proceed to explain the
reasons why I shall vote for the amendment of
my friend from Mississippi, and then present my
views generally on the subject of our neutrality
laws, and especially on the necessity of such a
modification as is proposed by the amendment I
have offered to the resolutions of the committee.
I presume that the Senator from Wisconsin, in
offering his resolution for the presentation of a
medal to Commodore Paulding, did it rather to
have an occasion to express his individual ap-
probation of the conduct of that officer, than with
any hope of his proposition obtaining the sanc-
tion of the Senate. The medal has heretofore been
given only as a recompense for gallant service,
accompanied by some degree of personal danger.
To this rule I think there can be found no excep-
tion. The resolution seeks to confer itfor gallant
and judicious service. The Senator from Wis-
consin will scarcely claim that there was any very
lemarkable display of gallantry in the capture of
one hundred and fifty men, armed with rifles only,
encamped on a sandy beach, directly under the
batteries of a squadron mounting sixty or seventy
heavy guns, and served by at leasteight hundred
men. Was his conduct judicious? This ques-
tion presents a double aspect: was the capture of
Walker authorised, cither by his instructions or
by the law of nations ? or, if by neither, were the
circumstances such as to justify the exercise of a
remedy above and beyond law, for effecting a high
and useful purpose? VI admire the man who, in
great emergencies, dares to take a responsibility
which his position imposes upon him; but he does
it at his peril. He must abide the verdict of pub-
he sentiment; the popular mind has almost unerr-
ing instincts in such questions. If he be right,
he will be sustained and applauded; if pot, he
must bear the consequences of his want of judg-
ment and discretion. The masses will never be
severe when the error proceeds from excessive
zeal in the performance of a supposed duty.
It is not pretended that the capture of Walker,
on the territory of Nicaragua, was justified by
the instructions given to Paulding directly. Those
to Lieutenant Almy of 12th October, expressly
confine him to the prevention of the landing of
any military expedition in any part of Mexico
or Central America. These instructions were, of
course, known to Commodore Paulding; indeed,
he expressly admits, in his letter of 15th Decem-
ber, that he had gone beyond his instructions. He
says: "I am sensible of the responsibility I have
incurred, and confidently look to the Government
for my justification." Were the circumstances
so grave and urgent as to justify the commodore
in assuming the responsibility of exceeding his
instructions? Clearly not. Walker had with him
one hundred and fifty men, without artillery, and
with a very limited stock of provisions; his ar-
rival had produced no other feeling than that of
alarm among the people of Nicaragua and Costa
Rica. No aid could be expected from them, and
all reinforcements and supplies from the United
States were effectually cut off. In a few weeks
his motley band, composed mainly of desperate
adventurers, with a few enthusiastic and mis-
guided striplings, would have deserted him, and,
probably, appealed to the American squadron for
protection and subsistence. Walker would have
returned,for the third time, to the country whose
allegiance he had renounced, and whose hospi-
tality he had abused, a broken-down and harm-
less Quixote. None of the false sympathy which
has since been enlisted in his favor would have
been excited; he would have wandered about for
awhile, complaining of the Administration and
boasting of what he would have achieved had
he been allowed to carry out his schemes with-
out the interference of the Executive, and, per-
haps, have settled down at last in the pursuit of
an honest livelihood. Paulding has, for the time,
succeeded, in the eyes of many of our people, I
m investing him with the martyr's crown; and !
pseudo-martyrs have, in all ages, found devotees
to worship at their shrine.
In speaking thus of William Walker, I know
that I shall bring upon myself the violent denun-
ciation of certain presses, and perhaps shock the
honest prejudices of many who, without examin-
ation, or reflection, have approved his course,
and admired his character.* The man. who can
be deterred, by such considerations, from express-
ing his opinions, has no business here; he is un-
worthy of the high trust which has been confided
to him. Whoand what,then, is William Walker?
I speak only of his career since he first undertook
the mission of regenerating Mexico and Central
Amenca. Exceptinthatconnection. I knownoth-
ing of him. I am willing to concede that he is a
man of good education, fair intelligence, gentle-
manly habits, and, in private life, a man of irre-
proachable character. Hisfirstmilitarventerprise
was against Sonora; he landed there with a handful
of brave men, and failing to meet with any sym-
pathetic response from the people, of whom he
proclaimed himself the champion and liberator,
he escaped, leaving most of his deluded followers
to perish miserably. We next find him landing
in Central America, where, having espoused the
cause of one of the factions that divide and devastate
that wretched country, of which revolution and an-
archy have long been, and, with the mongrel race
that now occupies it, will ever be, the normal con-
dition,he succeeded, with the aid of repeated rein-
forcements from the United States, in making him-
self virtually the supreme authority of Nicaragua.
Not contentinghimself with the substance of pow-
er, he must needs have the title also; by the con-
venient farce ofapopularelection,playea with the
soothing accompaniment of the bayonet, he be-
came the President of the free and independent
Republic of Nicaragua. He now, for the first
time, had an opportunity of displaying his quali-
ties as a statesman. One of his earliest acts was to
confiscate the valuable property of an association
of American citizens, engaged in the transporta-
tion of passengers across the isthmus—a company
that had rendered him the most essential service
in conveying the troops and supplies that were
necessary to the support of his government. This
new William the Conqueror next proceeded to dis-
possess the ancient proprietors of their domains,
distributing them among his adherents. Among
the recipients of these bounties, we find some
whose civil services had secured to them this dis-
tinguished mark of presidential favor, and who,
in the hope of perfecting their titles, were since
actively engaged in getting up his last expedition.
His whole career, as President, was marked by
rapine and blood. In this, he but too faithfully
carried out the programme of a military govern-
ment, not transitory, but permanent, indicated by
his letter to General Goicouria, of 12th August,
1856, quoted by the Senator from Maryland, and
in which he deputes him to solicit an English al-
liance, "to cut the expanding and expensive De-
mocracy of the North, "f This, then, is the chosen
* The New Orleans Delta has insinuated that the few
words I said on the 28th January, in relation to tlus'subject,
were dieted by an attack previously made by him on me,
and were uttered in a spmt of recrimination. Now, the
©nly occasion on which I have been honored by the notice
of that gentleman, that I am aware of, is said to have been
in ins speech made at Mobile on 25th January. I have the
report of that speech, as published m the Mercury on the
following day. Jn that report my name is not mentioned ;
but after Walkei's arrival at New Orleans, and conlerence
with his advisers there, he published m the Delta I113
amended version of it, m which my name was used. This
was on the 29th January, the day after I had spoken of him
in the Senate. From this specimen of the fair-dealing of
the Delta, the mouth-piece of Walker and his prime minis-
ters, the public may judge of tiie credence that should attach
to anything that may be said by it of me.
f " Granada, August 12,
" My dear General : I sent your credentials for Gieat
Britain by General Cazeneau. They are ample, and will
be, I hope, not without result. Tf you can open negotiations
with England, and secure for Nicaragua the poit of San
Juan del Noite, you will effect a gieat object. It will be a
long step towards our end. Without Pan Juan del Norte,
we lack what will be, in the end, indispensable to us—a
naval force in the Caribbean sea. The commeicial conse-
quences of this possession are nothing in comparison with
the naval and political results.
" With your versatility and (if I mav use the term) adapt-
ability, I expect much to be done m England. You can do
more than any American could possibly accomplish, be-
cause you can make the British Cabinet hec that we are not
engaged in any scheme for annexation. You can make
them see that the only way to cut the expanding and expan-
sive Democracy of the North, is by a powerful and compact
southern federation, based on military principles."
