1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bo authorized to purchase the right to it in the
construction of ships of war; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented two petitions of Rob-
ert Ould, Henry Addison, and other property
holders and merchants of Georgetown, District
of Columbia, praying that the bill passed by the
House of Representatives, for a railroad along
Pennsylvania avenue, in the city of Washington,
may become a law; which were referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PITCH presented the petition of R. P.
Hunter, a lieutenant in the Army, praying to be
allowed a credit in his accounts for certain public
money stolen while in his custody; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Coalmount to Burnt Cabin,
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Samuel
J. Hansley, praying Congress to recall his papers
from the Court of Claims, and to make an appro-
priation to pay him for cattle purchased of him
by O. M. Wozencraft, commissioner and Indian
agent of the United States to fulfill the stipula-
tions of Indian treaties; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented a memorial of the
Faculty of Georgetown College, District of Co-
lumbia, praying that the bill which has passed
the House of Representatives for a railroad along
Pennsylvania avenue, in Washington, may be-
come a law; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. YULEE presented papers in relation to
the claim of Captain William II. Payne's com-
pany of mounted volunteers to compensation for
services during the Seminole war, in 1838 and
} ><i0■ which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. TOOMBS presented papers in relation to
the claim of Israel D. Andrews, late agent of the
United States, in reference to the reciprocity
treaty with Great Britain; which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUNTER presented papeis in relation to
the claim of Messrs. Majors & Russell, contract-
ors for Army transportation, to indemnity for
losses of trains, animals, &c., destroyed and run
oil* with by the Mormons during the past season;
which were referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia.
PROTECTION TO INDUSTRY.
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested to present
p petition, signed by a large number of laboring
men engaged in the manufacture of iron in Penn-
sylvania. I receive a great many letters daily
from peisons of this class, and 1 will say here
what will save me the trouble of writing a great
many letters. They think the Congress of the
United States can relieve them from all their
troubles. There never has been a time, in -the
history of the iron business of Pennsylvania,
when there was so much real distress among the
laboring men of my State—the men who do the
work, the men who go to the forge before day-
light, and remain there long after the moon has
risen—as there is at present. It is not a com-
plaint now on the part of the capitalist. Men of
capital, men of fortune, can take care of them-
selves—capital can always take care of itself; labor,
poverty, indigence, want, always need sympathy
and protection. _
These persons reside in the town ol JNorris-
town, on the Schuylkill river, some twenty miles
above Philadelphia. The river Schuylkill is tra-
versed on both sides by a railroad, one extending
some twenty or thirty miles, another one hun-
dred miles. On one side of the river is a canal.
Alt these works have been made for the purpose
of conveying coal and iron to the place of manu-
facture and sale. The county of Schuylkill, the
great coal deposit of Pennsylvania, has a popula-
tion of some eighty or ninety thousand people,
all of which has grown up within the last twenty-
five years. . , .
At this time the whole laboring population en-
eao-ed in the iron and coal business of the coun-
try extending from Philadelphia to the mountains
of Schuylkill county are entirely idle; the boats
are tied up; the locomotives are in a great meas-
ure standing still; and the laborers are running
about hunting for employment and hunting food.
These are the persons who complain; they think
that Congress can relieve them. I have told them
and I have written to them that they have the
power in their own hands.
The laboring men of this country are powerful
for good always. They do control when they
think proper, and I think the time is coming when
they will control the politics of this country. I
tell them that before they can get proper protec-
tion they must change the majority in this Sen-
ate, they must change the majority in the other
House of Congress, and above all they must
change the occupant of the White House, who is
the dispenser of the power which controls the le-
gislation of this country. In place of gentlemen
who sneer when we talk about protection, they
must send men here who know something of the
wants, something of the interests, something of
the usefulness of the laboring man.
Hitherto they have not acted as if they cared
for their own interests; while they talked about a
tariff which would guard their labor from compe-
tition with the pauper laborofEurope, they would
go to the elections under some ward leader and
vote for men to represent them hereend elsewhere
who cared only for party drill, and who had no
interest above party success. This system they
must change if they hope for success. 1 think the
laboring men of Pennsylvania, at least, are now
beginning to put their own shoulders to the wheel,
and I believe they will make such a noise in next
October, as will alarm the gentlemen all over the
country who laugh at them.
The canals, railroads, and mining operations
of this region of country have cost more than a
hundred million dollars; the furnaces and other
works connected with the manufacture of iron an
enormous sum; and the people interested in the
iron and coal business, directly or indirectly, along
the valley of the Schuylkill, amount to more than
three hundred thousand souls.
Since 1855 there has been a blight upon the
business growing out of the unwise legislation of
Congress, wjiich has really protected the lion of
England, Russia, and Sweden, and thus taken the
labor and the bread from our own workmen.
The iron interest of Pennsylvania, m which
these men are employed, commenced in 1820,
with a production of only two thousand tons. In
1855, when it was up to its greatest extent, the
production was a million tons of pig metal. When
this pig metal is worked into the various uses in
which iron is to be consumed, itamounts to many,_
many million dollars. The annual produce of
coal 'in Schuylkill county alone, in 1855, amounted
in value to $20,000,000. When it is known that
it requires two tons of coal to make one ton of
iron, you can imagine the number of persons
who rely for their daily bread on the production
of iron and coal. Iron, in its native mountains,
is worth but fifty cents a ton; when it is worked
into pig metal, it ranges from twenty to thirty,
and some times to forty dollars a ton; and when
worked into its various uses, it frequently amounts
to many hundred dollars a ton. 1 have said that
these people have the power in their own hands—
I am speaking to them now—and I wish them to
exercise the powerthey have. I cannot help them,
much as I desire to do so, nor can any of their
friends here; but when they go to work, as men
determined to succeed should do, 1 have no doubt
they will get protection.
The people in this valley, and on the slope of
the Schuylkill mountains have votes enough to
change and control the politics of the Union; for
as Pennsylvania goes, so goes the Union, m oil
great elections; and their votes can at all times
decide the politics of Pennsylvania. Let their
exercise the power wisely, and they will no longer
be without plenty of work and good prices. I
move that this petition be referrred to the Cor -
mittee on Finance.
The petitions wore referred to the Commit ee
on Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the following bills, rep rted
them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 344) for the relief of Ca itain
Stanton Sholes;
A bill (H. R. No. 347) for £h« relief of Joseph
Webb; '
A bill (B. R. No. 455) for the relief of Mi ,a-
jah Brooks;
A bill (II. R. No. 462) granting an invalid pen-
sion to James Pugate, of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No..512) for the relief of Elijah
Close, of Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 514) granting an :nvalid pen-
sion to Conrad Schroeder;
A bill (H. R. No. 515) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Alexander S. Bean, of Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 523) for the relief of Wyatt
Griffith; and
A bill (H. R. No. 530) for the relief of Stephen
Feliows.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Leach, praying
to be allowed tke benefits of the act of June 7,
1832, granting pensions to soldiers of the Revo-
lution, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
M r. THOM PSON, of Ken tucky, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 257) to increase the pension of Henry
E. Read,acitizen cf Kentucky, and for other pur-
poses, reported it without amendment.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom were referred
the following bills, reported them withoutdmend-
ment:
A bill (H. R. No. 42) granting a pension to
Mary 4- M. Jones;
A bill (H. R. No. 516) for the relief of Michael
A. Davenport, of Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 518) to continue the pension
heretofore pnul to Mary C. Hamilton, widow of
Captain Fowler Hamilton, late of the United
States Army;
A bill (11. R. No. 524) for the relief of Francis
Carver;
A bill (H. R. No. 525) for the relief of Robin-
son Gammon;
A bill (H. R. No. 526) for the relief of Fred-
erick Smith; and
A bill (1-1. R. No. 535) for the relief of David
Watson.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bdl (II. R. No. 522) for the re-
lief of Wright Fore, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr KING, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 460)
granting a pension to Beriah Wright, of New
York, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
faiis, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
219) for the relief of William Heme, artist in the
Japan expedition, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Poat ^
Office and Post Roads, to whom were referred the
fol'owing bills and resolution, reported them with-
out amendment:
A bill (II. It. No. 492) for the relief of John
Dearmit;
A bill (H. R. No. 493) for the relief of Stuclcey
& Rogers; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 24) for the relief
of Henry Orndorf.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 510)
for the relief of Dr. George H. Howell, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 49G) for the relief of the repre-
sentatives of Henry King, deceased, reported it
without amendment. .
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 356) for the relief of Roswell
Minard, father of Theodore Mmard, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 451) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Jean Baptiste Devidrme; and
A bill (H. R. No. 543) for the relief of the legal
representatives of John McDonough, deceased,
late of New Orleans.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 327) to affirm certain
entries of land in the State of Louisiana, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
