THE' CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
.Tune 1,
J
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the memorial of
James H. Birch, jr., and the petition of T. D.
W. Xonley and others, submitted a report; which
was ordered "to be printed.
Mr. STUART. There is a-large mass of pa-
pers in the c&se which I do not ask to have printed,
but 1 think they had better be placed on the files
of the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. I think, as a member of the com-
mittee, the papers ought to be printed. I move
that they be printed.
• The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
go to the Committee on Printing, under the rules.
Mf. BRODERlCK. I wish to say that I en-
tirely dissent from the report which has been made
by the Senator from Michigan , as chairman of the
Committee on Pufilic Lands, in this case.
BINDERS OF THE GLOBE.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate:
Resolved, That the binders of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix fortho Thirty Fourth Congress be paid the
same pi ice per volume as is allowed by law lor binding the
same for the Thirty-Fifth Congress.
POST ROUTES IN DACOTAH.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved) That the Committee on the rostOfiic?and Po-t
Uoads be insti ucted to inquue into the expediency ol estab-
lishing thclollowmg postulates in ThaeotahTeriuoiy : fiom
Sioux City, in Iowa, via mouth of the Dig Sioiik uver, the
mouth of James uver, and Choteau creek, to Indian agency
on the Yankton Sioux reserve and Foit Randall; fioiu
Siou* City, viaNeobrara,to the Indian agency ot the I'onka
Indians, and the valley of the Neobiaia nver, to the ?omli
Pass of the Rocky Mountains ; fioni Sioux Cttv. via Sioux
falls, to the month of Snake liver; fioni Fort Rand ill, ua
the mouth of WhiteFatth river, to!he inuntli of t.utle Med-
icine Knoll liver; from Biou* f.ills to l-'ott llaiuiall ; fioni
the mouth of Jams". river, via f'iluc Kanh, lioekv Ulil, and
Sandy Hill, to VVakandapi ilills ; lioui Neobraia, via the
I'onka reserve, to Chimney jiock.
WII.UAM H. PAYNE.
Mr. YTJLEE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military All'urs and
Militia inquire into the claim of Captain Will lam II. I'ayne's
company lor aeiviee in lSoH-9, in the Seminole wai.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 419)
for the relief of John Ferguson and others; winch
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Ollice and Post lioads.
OUTRAGES ON AMERICANS,
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (SS. No. 42) to confer additional powers on the
President fev Hie redress of injuries upon the per-
sons and property of citizens of the United States
in the Central American Statescand to whom was
referred a bill (S. No. 402) to restrain and redress
outrages upon the flag and citizens of the United
States, have iusiructed me to report them back to
the Senate, with an amendment by way of substi-
tute for the bill. I ask that the bill be made the
order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. FOOT. Let the substitute be road.
Mr. PUGrll. I should like to hear the original
bill read, as well as the substitute.
The Secretary read the bill (S. 402) introduced
by Mr. Douglas on the 24tii of May, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United Stutesof ^ImcrK.u in Conzrct-s assembled, Tli.it
in cases offlacrrant violation of the laws of nation*, by out-
rage upon the'flaa, sod, or citizens of the United State>, or
upon their pioperty, under circumstances lequning prompt
redress, and when, in the opinion of tho Provident, d'M'iy
would be incompatible with the honor and dmintyol the
Republic, the Provident is hereby authorized to employ such
force as he may deem neeessaiy to prevent the poipctration
of such outrages, and to obtain just redie^s and <atistaction
for the same when perpetrated ; and it shall be hi-* duty to
lay the facts of each case, together with the leasons or hs^
action in the premises, befiicCongrci*. at the oaihc-t ptac-
Ueable moment,for &uchfurthei action theieon as Congress
may direct.
The substitute of the Committee on Foreign
Relations was read, as follows:
Whereas, grave and repeated outrages have been at va-
rious times committed against the persons and property of
citizens of the United States by the Governments,-or by
those acting under authority of the Governments, of the
Republics ot Mexico, Nicaragua, Costa-Rica, and New Gra-
nada, or by insurrectionary or revolutionary forces within
those Republics respectively j and' after earnest remon-
strance, and in many cases piotracted negotiation, with said
Governments, neither reparation for such injuries past, nor
security against their repetition, has been obtained; for
remedy and prevention whereof:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State s of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to employ
such force as he may deem necessary, by blockade or other-
wise, to obtain reparation and redress for such injuries or
outrages as maybe shown to him to have been committed
by the Governments of said Republics, or by those acting
under the authority of said Governments, or by insurrec-
tionary or revolutionary forces within the respective terri-
tories of Mexico, Nicaiagua, Costa Rica, and NewGianada,
or elsewhere, upon the persons or propeity of citizens of
the United States, or to afford protection to the persons or
property of cmzensof the United States against any sudden
attack, or threatened attack, on the persons or piopeity of
such citizens passing in transit ovei the Panama railroad,
or any other transit route, across the Isthmus of Centra!
America or Mexico; or further, as tiie case may require, to
prevent the commission of such injuries and outrages; and
that the Piesident communicate to Con<jre---=? as early as
maybe piacticnble theioatter, the facts in each case, to-
gether with the reasons for hi-' action in the piemncs, for
such further action, if any, thereon, as Congies>s shall direct.
This act to continue in lorce until the 1st day of January,
i860.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the motion to make this bill the special or-
der for to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I trust that no such order
will be made. I think it ought to lie the under-
standing of the Senate that we shall dispose first
of the appropriation bills, and then, if there be any
time remaining of the session, devote that to meas-
ures of this character. I hope we shall not make
any special order that will interrupt the progress
of the appropriation bills. We arc very much
behind on them now. I shall have to call for the
yeas and nays on this proposition, if it be per-
sisted in.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate should make It the
special order for to-morrow, and the Senate should
then agree with my colleague that there are more
important, measures requiring action, it can be de-
ferred by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I move to amend the motion
of the Senator so as to make it the special order
for Saturday, with the hope that his resolutions
will be postponed until that day, and that we may
dispose of the whole subject then.
Mr. GWIN* I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan will withdraw that amendment. This is a
bill; the other is r more resolution for the action
of the Senate; and if we intend to acton this sub-
ject at all, we ought to act on it at once, so that
the other House shall have an opportunity to act
during the session. If, after reporting this bill,
Congress adjourns without doing any thing on this
subject, it will be looked upon by these Republics
thai they have full license to depredate upon our
citizens, and there never will be redress. I hope
the motion of the Senator fiom Virginia to make
it the special order for one o'clock will be so mod-
ified as to say twelve o'clock.
Mr. MASON". I have no objection to that.
Mr. GWIN. This is a bill, not a resolution
of the Senate alone; and I hope the Senator from
Michigan will withdraw his proposition. The
other resolution we can act upon on Saturday,
because it requires only the action of the Senate;
but if, after this bill has been icported, it is per-
muted to go over without being acted upon at all,
we have no safety for our citizens in any of the
Republics named in the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I was on the committee by
which this proposition was reported, and lam
one ofa minority which dissented from it entirely.
I am entirely satisfied that therA is no advantage
to result from discussing the bill, even if it should
be right in itself, unless it should be passed; and
I am satisfied that such a bill cannot pass Con-
gless during tin; picsent session, if the session is
to cml on Monday next. 1 think, therefore, the
first question for the Senate to determine is,
whether they will aslc the House of Representa-
tives to rescind the resolution for adjournment on
Monday next. I shall vote against making this
the special order for any day until the session
shall be prolonged, or the expression of the will
of the Senate on that subject shall be obtained.
Mr. GWIN. 1 am sorry to hear the Senator
say that he is entirely opposed to this bill. It is
merely to redress outrages committed on our own
citizens. They have been murdered and robbed
in the Central American Stales, and there has not
been the first step'taken by the Government of
the United States to protect them, except by trea-
ties, which have always been evaded. I should
not think there was any member of the Senate
opposed to a measure intended to protect our own
citizens front depredations by foreign Govern-
ments. I hope the bill will be made the special
order for twelve o'clock to-morrow, that we may
see who is opposed to the passage of a measure
which will protect our citizens from the depreda-
ions that are committed on them.
Mr. SEWARD. Iam sure the honorable Sen-
ator from California will be very much mistaken
if he supposes that thore is only one member of
the Senate who will be opposed to making war,
in the aggregate, against all the nations on this
continent south of us; and that there is not more
than one Senator here who will oppose giving the
President of the United States power to make war
against even one natiqn, much more half a dozen,
or all together.
Mr. GWIN*. I "do not care how many there
are; I want them on the record, to see who they
are.
Mr. STUART. I made my motion simply in
a business point of view. This very question has
occupied the Senate for two days in the morning
hour; and, in regard to it, we have accomplished
nothing yet, as I think will bo conceded by every-
body. If we put it into as many morning hours
as you choose, we shall have the same result. If
wc postpone it until Saturday, with the under-
standing that we shall then take it up, and act
upon it decidedly, we can,in the mean time,dis-
pose of two or three appropriation bills without
difficulty, and dispose of the private bills from the
House on Friday, and be prepared to act, and act
definitely. The proposition to throw this into the
morning hour to-morrow, and spend an hour on
it then, will accomplish nothing; and so you may
continue it here until the eiul of the session. My
object was solely to put it over to Saturday, at a
time when the Senate can take it up, and decide
what they will do, both upon the bill and upon
the resolutions. I therefore hope that, inasmuch
as we all desire, I think, alike to dispose of the
proper business of the session, it will be put off
until Saturday, and that we shall be able to get
along with the business without consuming the
entire morning every day in debating this ques-
tion, without coming to any definite action.
Mr. MASON. My proposition was, to make
it the special order for to-morrow atone o'clock.
The Senator from California asked that it should
be made the special order for twelve o'clock, and
I had no objection. I did not thereby mean to
limit any discussion that might take place upon
it to the morning hour. It will be 111 the power
of the Senate to continue the subject under con-
sideration then, or to defer it, if there be any other
business, in the estimation of the Senate, more
important; but I want to bring it to the attention
of the Senate, in order that part of the pubhc
business may be disposed of as to the Senate may
seem right and proper.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask my^ friend from Virginia
if the bill includes Great Britain ?
Mi. MASON. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will be so amended.
Mr. MASON. ItcontainsMexico, Nicaragua,
Costa Rica, and New Granada.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think we ought to put the
same rule to the strong as to the weak.
Mr. MASON. The Senator may have very
good reason-? for that, and may induce the Senate
to agree with him. It is coniined now to those
four Republics. I cannot go into the meiits of the
bill further than to say that upon these transit
routes there pass now annually probably some
fifty thousand citizens of the United States, going
and coming, ail of whom are in peril of their
lives, of their liberty, and of their property, in
making these transits; and there is no .means of
affording them piotection. The last Administra-
tion, and the present, have been obliged to keep
ships of war at each of the termini, by their pres-
ence to afford such protection as their presence
may do, We know that two years ago a riot oc-
cuired there—whether under the authority of the
local Government or'not is not known at this day.
It is believed to have been countenanced by the
Government of New Granada or the authorities
