1540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
proceeded against in due course of law in some of
the districts thereof."
Under this act, our ships of war have repeatedly-
seized, in the bays and rivers of Africa, Ameri-
can vessels engaged in the slave trade, and sent
them to the United States, where they have been
condemned. No one has ever dreamed of invoking
the law of nations to protect the vessels or their
crews. It will be observed that, under these laws,
the nationality of an officer or seaman "will not
protect him from punishment; it is, for the time,
merged in that of the flag under which he sails.
It is clear, that whether Walker had renounced
his allegiance to the United States or not, whether
he was or was not a citizen of Nicaragua, whether
those who accompanied him were or were not
American citizens, whether they had or had not,
technically, organized as a military force before
leaving the waters of the United States, is entirely
immaterial; the offense of carrying on a military
expedition was a continuous one from the moment
the Fashion received on board the arms for these
peaceful emigrants, in Mobile bay. The facts I
have before stated afford sufficient evidence of
the purpose for which those men embarked; but
we nave proof of the military organization—the
most positive and direct—in the testimony of
some of them, taken at Key Wqgst.
Captain Chatard, then, failed in his duty,in not
preventing the Fashion from landing Walker and
his associates; and 1 should not have been much
disposed to blame him, if, in hot pursuit, as soon
as he discovered the character and objects of the
men who had disembarked from her, he had ar-
rested them; but the landing was effected on the
23th November; whilst the arrest was not made
until the 8th December. Ample time had been
afforded to the Nicaraguan authorities to invoke
the protection of our squadron. Had they done
so, Commodore Paulding would have been fully
justified in arresting Walker; their silence would
seem to authorize the inference that they preferred
to deal with him themselves. As it is, it would
appear that Paulding's action was taken, rather
under the irritation produced by Walker's corre-
spondence, than from any mature and we.H-con-
sidered judgment of his rights and duties on gen-
eral principles, and the instructions of his Gov-
ernment.
But these questions .ire all of very subordinate
importance when compared with the policy of our
neutrality laws which, with the indulgence of the
Senate, 1 will now proceed to examine with as
much brevity as its great importance will admit.
While I think the policy of these laws, not only
sound but indispensable for the preservation of
our peaceful relations with foreign Powers, I by
no means iccognizc the position, generally as-
sumed, that they do no more than vindicate well-
established principles of international law. They
go much further; they deprive our Government
of the faculty of doim; that winch all writers ad-
mit to be strictly consistent with neutrality—the
granting to belligerents equal faeih ties, within our
territory, lor the enlistment of troops and fitting
out of armed vessels within oar temtonai limits.
There has been a prevailing error on this subject,
in the public mind, fiom conwidenng (he statutory
provisions of Great Britain and of rhe United
States, the foreign enlistment bill, and our laws of
1704 and 1818, as merely providing sju-eific pen-
alties for acts which before had been admitted to
be violations of the law of nations. So far from
this being the case, it has never been consideied
a violation of neutrality on the part of any nation
to permit belligerents to enlist troops within its
jurisdiction, unless the permission were granted
to one of the belligerents exclusively. Yattel says,
book 3, chapter 7, paragiaph 110:
'• The Switzersgf ant levies of troops to whom thev please;
and no Power ha , hitherto thought fit to quaucl with thum
on that It must, however, bo ownoil, ihat if tho-e |
levies won; considerable, and con&titutcd the pimcipal |
fctirnuth ot my cni'iny, while, without any f-ub^tantial tea- 1
ton In mi; aliened, f were absolutely refused all levies what- I
evei. I should have ju-t cause to eom-ider that nation as i
leagued with my en< my ; aud in this ease, the caie of mv
(>\vn -ailty would author./ic me to tre.it hct as. Mich." "A !
the tionps above alluded to were '
Uirni-lied to my enemy by the rfeite herself, and at hei own j
tr.pcPM', it w<>uld no b"adouhtful question whether !
mii h assistance wei e incompatible with neutrality.'" j
Paragraph 138:
'•A n.'Utral nanon picvrves, towaids both belligerent
pouvr-, 'ho -(>v<>rn! rel; Mo *« winch iv.tuie ha= intituled
hUWvvi! nation-.*' ' '• j-he ought.
therefore, as far as the public welfare will permit, equally
to allow the subjects of both parties to visit her teiritoncs
on business, and there to purchase provisions, lioiscs, and,
m general,everything they stand in need of, unless she has,
by a treaty of neutrality, promised to refuse to both parties
such articles as are used m war. Amulstoll the wars which
disturb Europe, the Switzers preserve their territories in a
state of neutrality. Every nation, indiscriminately, is al-
lowed free access for the purchase of provisions, if the
country has a surplus, and tor that of horses, ammunition,
and arms."
Paragraph 126:
" If the neutral State grants or refuses a passage to one
of the parties at war, she ought, in like manner, to grant or
refuse it to Hie other, unless a change of circumstances af-
foids her substantial reasons tor acting otherwise. Without
such reasons, to giant to one party what she icfuses to the
other, would be a partial distinction, and a deparluie from
the lino of strict neutrality."
Grotius not only recognizes the correctness of
this doctrine, but shows, by its existence in re-
mote antiquity, that it is founded on simple rules
of equity and good sense. He says, in his famous
Treatise on War and Peace:
"It is the duty of neutrals to do nothing which may
sticngthen the side winch has the worst cause, or which
may impede the motions of him that is carrying on a ju^t
war, and in a doubtful case to act alike to both bides."
He quotes with approbation the declaration of
the Corcyrians to the Athenians that it was the
duty of the Athenians, if they would be neutral,
either to prevent the Corinthians from raising sol-
diers in Attica, or to allow them to do so.
Bynkerschoeck argues at great length the ques-
tion whctheritis lawful to enlist men in the coun-
try of a friendly sovereign, and decides it affirma-
tively. He says:
" It is certain that if a prince prohibits his subjects from
transferring then allegiance, and entcringinto the army or
navy of another countiy, such sovereign cannot, with pro-
pnely, enlist them into his ^eivice ; but when no such pio-
luhiuon exists, (as, is the case m liiiwt of the coutitnes of
Europe,) it is. lawful, in my opinion, for the Mibjeet to aban-
don his countiy, migrate into another, ami then s?t veins
new soveieign in a military capacity." * * * *
u If, thcroloir, oui subject^, who e assistance we do not
want in time of wai, and mho aie not pievented by any law
1'ioni tian^reuuig their allegiance, may lawfully hue out
then nnhi.ny "services to a lnrndly piinee, why may not,
also, that tumidly pnncc enlist >oidieis m tho territoiy of a
fiieiully nation? Why should it not he equailv lawful to
contiaet lor the hintig of soldieis 111 the temtory of a fnend
a- lo make any othci contiact. and cairy on any kind of
tiader" * * < * <  I am of opinion, theie-
lore, that the same law which obtains as to the pui chase of
implements of war. must apply in like manner to the en-
listment cf «oldter-j m the toiritoiy of a fuendly nation, un-
less itshouid beexpiessly stipulated otherwise between the
two sovereigns."
He states a case which is peculiarly apposite
in this connection:
"A difFeienee took place in the year IfJGG between the
States Gt tieral (of Holland) and the Governor General of
the Spanish Nelheilands. The States complained to htm
that the I.Hliop of Minister, with whom ihey weie at war,
had enlisted soldieis m the Spanish terntoues in the Low :
Con tut ic-s. The Govoinoi an-weied That he had not author- I
i/ed him so to do. but that H he had, theie was nothing to !
pievent him, as Hpatu was netutal m the war; and that !
the tfiatcb Geneial might cxeiei-je the same light if they
pleased."
Martens says:
Kvciy State ha-* a light to s;ive libeifv to laise tioop-wn
• its dominions and mny giant to one State what it h-Iuscs
' to another, m wai or peace, without mtmignig its neutial-
ity."
| His position has a sort of tacit sanction in
1 many of our treaties. We have frequently stipu- ,
latcd that oiu citizens should not engage tn war oil j
the ocean against the Powers with whom wu have I
' made treaties; but I think that I may safely as- !
■ scit that we have never, but once, bound our- j
selves to prevent enlistment for service on land. [
, The exception to which I refer is to be found in !
1 the twenty-first article of the treaty made by Mr. !
! Jay with Great Biitam, on the 19th November, '
1794; but this article, among others, was expressly j
limited to twelve years, and has never been re-'
newed or revived. |
The fust treaty we find on this subject is that ■
with the Netheilands m 1782. It establishes that |
citizens of neither party shall take commissions
or letters of marque for arming any ships, from I
any prince or State with which the other is at war.
The same provision is found in the treaty with j
Sweden,m 1783,andin that with Prussia, olT75'5: i
and in many others that it would be tedious to rnu- '
merate. The last cited treaty has an additional i
clause, which gives, by implication, the right for \
which I contend. It is in these words: j
<J Nor shall either party hue, lend, or give any part of their , j
naval or rrnhtaiy foice to the enemy of the other, to aid 'j
them offensively or defensively against that othei."' J
In the interpretation of public treaties, as well
as in priVate contracts, this rule is recognized 
expressio unius, exclusio alterius. The national force
could not be employed, but individual action is not
restrained. We then occupy this unfavorable
position: while all nations may, without viola-
tion of neutrality, permit enlistments within their
territory, for purposes hostile to us, we have de-
liberately tied our own hands and voluntarily
deprived ourselves of one of the most efficient anil
legitimate means of carrying out our foreign pol-
icy.
I might present a thousand examples of the
armed intervention of organized bands of citizens
of a neutral State, in the wars between belligerent
nations, or in the civil wars of Europe and Amer-
ica, and this without being considered as a casus
belli with the Power whose citizens had thus in-
tervened. Switzerland has at all times exercised
this privilege, in permitting entire regiments and
brigades to bo enlisted within her territory for the
service of foreign belligerent States; and the sev-
eral cantons have frequently had their citizens
regularly organized in the ranks of both the con-
tending parties. Elizabeth permitted troops to he
raised in England for the assistance of the people
of the Netherlands, in their contest with Spain,
although she was then at peace with that Power,
because they were absolved from tlieirailegiancr,
and free to choosc their own Government. Charles
I. authorized six thousand men to be enlisted for
Gustavus Adolphus; and MajorDalgetty, immor-
talized by the author of Waverley, was but the
type of hundreds of soldiers of fortune, who, m
those days, lent their swords to the sovereign
whose cause they espoused, cither from political
or religious sympathies, or because he offered
the largest stipend. Far from being a cause
of repioach, service in foreign wars was consid-
ered a giaceful complement of the education of a
gentleman; and in time of pcacc at home young
men were encouraged to acquire military knowl-
edge and experience wherever the hardest blows
were to be exchanged. During the protracted
struggle between Spain and her revolted colonies
on this continent, several thousand men were
raised in England to aid the revolutionists. An
entire legion, commanded by General Devereaux,
completely organized, armed and equipped, sailed
from England; and, although its destination was
proclaimed to all the world, met with no interrup-
tion from the Government. General Evans, then
a member of Parliament from Westminster, and
an officer of the British army, raised from five to
six thousand troops m England, organized them
under the title of the British Legion, and played
a distinguished part in the Carlist war; he retained
his commission and his seat in Parliament, and
very many of his officers held commissions m the
British army, and regularly received their half
pay during the whole teim of their service in
Spain. Sir Robert Wilson was one of them, and
at the same time hold his seat in Parliament.
During the Greek war of independence, and
after the passage of our neutrality laws, levies of
troops and contributions of money were apenlv
made both m England and the United States. Two
frigates were built in New York for the Greek*;
and the fund forequipping them falling short, oik;
of them was purchased by our Government—and
this under authority of act of Congress—to ena-
ble the other to be dispatched. In 1832, Cap'ain
Sartorius, of the Biitish Navy, was made a Por-
tuguese admiral, and openly fitted out a consider-
able squadron, officered pimcipally by gentlemen
holding commissions m the .British navy, and
manned by British subjects, for the service of
Don Peuro, in the wara2ainst Don Miguel. Ho
was afterwards replaced by Charles Napier, then
a captain in the British navy, and since com-
manding the Baltic fleet in the war with.Russia.
Miguel's fleet was captured by him. *A largo
land force, recnutcd m England, took pait
in the v ai, .i"der Sir Meilly Doyje, M. P. Lord
LansdowiiL said, in th« debate on the foreign en-
listment bill, June, 1810:
"All history wo::]'.1, hcii Win. witness in asserting thet
tins win ihr' fi' ht attempt s .a t(; to e^tahli-h the p,-*i eip!",
that the subject of o;k' ;>ta'e could not, private!/ an<i nnii
vidualiy, a -i.-t tho-" or wiieie then* lespeeuve po-
tcnt'ito^ w.'K' not atV'.n. Hewi.uM ven'me to doclai",
that. On t!;c ! !••') ion; c'ltuno^, a-) ! down to 3TUT, when thw
NetheilancN les^ted Jo-eph 11., tucio never was npjiu.d
i.i v. Wcli Driiish subjccN w<ie not engaged in uivn.s tins
s-i-uen-jU:; individual.-, to othci States; and he doned aiiy
