APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Arrest of'Walker—Central America—Mr. Winslow.
Ho. of Reps.
the jurisdiction, both as to persons and subjects.
The jurisdiction as to cognate subjects had been
theretofore limited to the marine league, and there
was ho necessity to alter it. This is obvious from
the message of President "Washington, to which
1 have already alluded.
If the eighth section be critically examined, it
will be found that it gives the President the power
to use the land and naval forces and the militia,
in four cases:
1st. In detaining and taking possession of the
ships of one neutral capturing the vessel of an-
othef neutral within the marine league.
2d. In suppressing any military expedition be-
gun and set on foot contrary to the provisions of
the act.
3d. When the process of the courts was dis-
obeyed or resisted.
4th. To prevent the carrying on of any such
oxpedition/romthe territories of the United Suites
against the territories of any people at peace with
us.
If the object of the latter grant was not to em-
power him to pursue and arrest such expedition
on the high seas, but r^eroly to authorize its ar-
rest toithin our waters, it was^ supererogatory and
unnecessary, for that latter power had just been
granted.
Consider, sir, the whole scope and intention of
the law. It was to preserve our relations of neu-
trality with foreign nations at peace with us; it
was to prevent armed expeditions from being
fitted out to attack the dominions of such foreign
nation. That was the evil to be guarded against
—the attack upon them, not the fitting out of such
expeditions, much less the fitting out within our
waters. The preparation of such expedition was
harmless, nay, to us and^ to our commerce, ben-
eficial, so long as no action against others oc-
curred. If the suppression of the attack was the
object, it were vain to confine the powers of the
President to the marine league. If a storm were
to blow off the expedition, begun and set on foot,
beyond the marine league, then, according to the
argument, his powers would cease; if, again,
stress of weather forced them a foot within, the
power would revive. Sir, with a coast like ours,
of such prodigious extent, with the number of
our inlets, estuaries, bays, and rivers, with the
aid of steam-power, not Great Britain herself,
with her thousand fleets that sweep the occan,
could effectually prevent the cucape of an armed
expedition without that limited jurisdiction.
'I'he President of (he United States was then
justified m usmg the naval forces of the country
to prevent the "carryingonMof the expedition of
General Walker from the port of Mobile against
the territories of Nicaragua. There could be no
pretense that it was other than a military expe-
dition, having in view the conquest of that coun-
try and the subjugation of its people. Whatever
may be said of the antecedents of that gentleman,
which, perhaps, might not bear scrutiny nor ex-
amination, the expedition loft with hostile intent
against the de facto Government of the country,
with which only we undertake to deal. The in-
terference of the President was legal, as I have
shown, because done under warrant and authority
of law;and,in my judgment, was eminently wise,
demanded by duty,and invoked by patriotism and
hi^h, statesmanlike views and considerations.
it remains to be seen whether the flag officer in
command of your squadron exceeded his orders,
and if he were justified m landing upon the soil
of Nicaragua, and forcibly expelling Mr. Walker
and his followers. I do not think he was. All
the orders forwarded to Commodore Pauldm? are
comprised m the circular of Mr. Secretary Cass,
and in the letter of Mr. Toucey, Secretary of the
Navy, to Lieutenant A!my, of the Fulton, under
date of October 12, 1857, which 1 shall take the
liberty of reading:
dh*a ktmhnl OF 3 f atk .
Washim:TI>vj September 18;">7.
?ir : From information received at this Department, there
is reason to believe that lawless pen-ons are now engaged
wuhm the limits of the United States m setting on toot
«nd pieparmg the meant* i'oi rmhtd.iv expeditions to be car-
ded on against the territories of Mexico, Nicaragua, ami
Co^n ttica, Republics with whom the United States are at
pt;« cc, in direct violation of the nxth section ot the act of
t'ougre&s appioved 20th April, 1816. And under the eighth
section of tlie said act it is made lawful for the President,
or such person as he shall empower, to employ the land
and naval forces of the United States, and the militia there -
I of, " for the purpose of preventing the carrying on of any
1 such expedition or enterpuse fiom the teiritones or juris-
i diction of the United States." I am, therefore, directed by
1 the President to call your attention to the subject, and to
j urge you to use alt due diligence to avail yourself of all Je-
j giuiiidte means at yout command to eutorce these and all
! oilier provisions of the said act of 20th April. 1818, against
! those who may be found to be engaged in setting on foot or
j preparing military expeditions' against the territories of
{ Mexico, Co.^ta Rica, and Nicaragua, so manifestly prejudi-
! ciai to the national chaiaeter, and so injurious to the na-
: tional inteie&t. And you are also hereby instructed promptly
1 to communicate to this Department the earliest information
J ynu may receive relative to such expeditions.
j I am, sir, your obedient servant, L. CASS.
[ Navy Department, October 12, 1857.
[ Sir : In reply to your letter of the 7th instant, it w true
that American citizens have aright to travel and to go
, where ihey please, when engaged fn lawful pursuit, but not
, to violate the laws of their own or of any other country.
! They have a right to expatuate and to become citizens of
! any country which is willing to receive them, but not to
! make that light a men? cloak and cover for a warlike expe-
I dition asajnsi it or its Government. Your instructions do
j not authouze youtoactaibitrarily,orupoiimere suspicion.
; You will not seize an American vessel, or bring her into
port, or use the force under your command to prevent her
landing her passengers, upon mere :>uspicion. You will be
caieful not to interfere with lawful commerce. But where
you find that an American vessel is manifestly engaged in
carrying on an expedition oi enterprise from the territories
or juiisdiction of the United States, against the territories
of Mexico, Nicaragua, or Costa lltea, eontraiy to the sixth
section ot the act ol Congress of April 00,1818, already re-
ferred to, you will use the force under jour command to
prevent it, and will not permit thp men or arms engaged m
it, or destined loi it, to be landed in any pan of Mexico or
Cential Amonra.
En 1 oute for Ohinqui,you will touch at Mobile and New
Orleans, and communicate with the United States district
attorney at each of tho-^c ports.
I am, respectfully, yoiu obedient servant,
ISAAC TOUCEY.
Lieutenant John J. Almy,
Comniamhog U. S. steamer Fulton, Washington, D C.
Whether the Secretary was justified in giving
orders not to " permit the men or arms engaged
in the expedition, or destined for it, to be landed
in any part of Mexico or Central America," if
those orders are to be construed as meaning to
authorize theuseof force within the marine league,
it is unnecessary, for the purpose I have in view,
to inquire. It is not probable that such could be
the legitimate construction of the order, since the
clause quoted is to be taken together with the
preceding paragraph. What was the service upon
which Lieutenant Almy, of the Fulton, was sent >
The SccreUiy .states it was to prevent the " car-
rifmg on an expedition or enterprise from the ter-
ri tones or jurisdiction of the United States against
the territories of Mexico, Nicaragua, or Costa
Rica, contrary to the sixth section of the act of
Congress of April 20, 3818." And he directs him
to use the foice under his command to prevent it.
1 believe it is the settled opinion of the write) s
on international law that the authority and juris-
diction of a nation over the seas which wash its
shore, extend to a marine league. The rule of
law is, "/firm dominium fnitur ubi finitur vis
armorum;" and since the introduction of lire arms,
that disiance has usually been recognized to be
about three miies fiom the shore. (Per Sir Wil-
liam Scott: The Anna 5, Rob. 385.) The armed
vessels of one Power have no right to interfere
with hostile intent in the ports of a neutial, or
within the marine league, without the consent of
the neutral; and such interference would bean
invasion of the authority of the neutral, and
<{ casttsbelli."
It is true, some opposite opinions have been ex-
pressed against a stringent construction of this
iule. Some latitude has been sought to be ex-
tended under peculiar circumstances, as in the
case of a vessel having the right of captuie pur-
suing vessels subject to capture from mid-seas,
and following, " dum ferret opus," while the blood
was up, the chase within the sanctuary of the
marine league.
The doctrine is thus laid down by Bynker-
shoek:
"Unoverbo terntoiium communis amici valet ad pro-
Inbendnm vim fpue tin itichoatur: non valet ad inlnhendum
<iua , exua tciritomuii inchodtur, dum forvct opu-, in ipse
tcrntono continudtiu."'
The distinction taken by this writer being upon
force lawfully begun in rnid-seas, and continued
withm the league, dum fervet opus, and of force
originally begun within the jurisdiction.
This opinion, however, was contested by Sir
William Scott in the case of the Anna, and he
adds that it has not been adopted by other writers.
He relaxes the rule only in cases where a cruiser
having the right of search has summoned avessel
to submit to examination and search; there the
escape of the summoned vessel, on theuninhab-
itated coast of a neutral, within the marine league,
will not prevent the cruiser's right to take pos-
session.
However all this may be, there can be no ques-
tion but that the act of Commodore Paulding in
landing on the coast of Nicaragua was a clear in-
vasion of the sovereignty of that people, an act
not warranted by his orders, and, in the language
of the President," agrave error." Indeed, Com-
modore Paulding admits thus much, in terms,
since, in his letter to the Department, under date
of December 11, 1857:
"In the course I have pursued, I have acted from my
judsmerit; and I trust it may meet the. approbation of the
PiGbident."
And in the letter of the 15th of December, he
says, speaking of this proceeding:
"In doing so, I am sensible of the responsibility that I
have incurred, and confidently look to the Government for
my justification."
I do not impeach the motives of Commodore
Paulding. That distinguished officer, no doubt,
acted from the most patriotic motives, and with
patriotic purposes. But we are not dealing with
his motives. That he should have erred m judg-
ment, as to the extent of his powers, is, per-
haps, not to be wondered at; since here, in this
body, composed of experienced statesmen, and
of gentlemen of distinguished legal ability, we
find diverse opinions upon the whole question. If
his error be agrave one, we must beware how we
suffer our judgment of, and our strictures upon it,
to be warped by tenderness for his motives, or be
extenuated by results. No nation has a right to
land an expedition, for any purpose, upon the
shores of a friendly neutral Power, without its
consent. Such landing would be cause of war.
To sanction a violation of such right, in any mil-
itary man, would be to transfer the war-making
power from the Halls of Congress to the quarter
decks of your armed vessels. The fact that Nic-
aragua has not complained, but, in truth, has as-
sented, does not vary the question in the slightest
j degree; for those who urge such assent in defense
i of Commodore Paulding, admit, by the argument,
that whether the act of Paulding was an invasion
of the sovereignty of Nicaragua and cause of war,
depended upon the subsequent action of Nicara-
gua. If she acquiesccd, then her ratification of
the act was equivalent to a precedent permission,
and justified what was done.
But how, if such acquiescence and ratification
were withheld ? The act, by the argument, would
be cause of war, as having been done against the
will of Nicaragua. The act of Commodore Pauld-
ing would then be cause of war, or not, according
as Nicaragua would determine. To allow our
judgment of the acts of our naval officers to be
dependent on the will of a foreign nation, would
be a precedent fraught with extreme danger and
productive of gieatevil. It has not been here-
tofore so considered. Commodore Porter was
brought to trial and punished by temporary dis-
missal from the service for a violation of the sov-
ereignty of Spain, in forcibly landing at Foxardo.
Pie was in charge of the squadron engaged m sup-
pressingpiracy in the waters of the Gfulf of Mex-
ico. Pie did there gallantseivice. In the course
of his ciuise an officer of one of the vessels under
his command was forcibly arrested and maltreated
by the authorities of Foxardo. There weie
strong reasons to suspect a complicity between
those authorities and the pirates. The act of the
people of Foxardo was an insult to our flag and
an invasion of our rights, and a legitimate sub-
ject, at our hands, for a demand upon Spam for
ample redress. Commodore Porter, however,
with the best and purest motives, took into his
own hands the mode and measure of redress. The
judgment pronounced upon him by his peers was
correct and proper, however harsh may have been
the sentence. Yethis case presented features far
more extenuating than the acts of Commodore
Paulding, now under consideration. Military men
owe obedience. The only safe rule is to rebuke
sternly their assumption of power, while we gen-
erously reward them for their acts of duty.
