1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
relation to that subject, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Me. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that it
be made a special order, with the bill already
there.
It was so ordered.
Mr. DODD. I now ask that my amendment
be printed, and referred with the bill.
It was so ordered.
Mr. GOODE. hi connection with this subject,
I desire to give notice that I will ask to have the
bill taken up and considered, immediately after
the Kansas bill shall have been disposed of.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to permit me to introduce a
bill to establish a national foundery, for the fab-
rication of cannon for the use of the Army and
Navy of the United States, in drder to have it
referred to the Committee on Millitary Affairs.
A Member. At what point is it to be estab-
lished?
Mr. FAULKNER. There is no point indi-
cated.
Mr. CURTIS. I object.
Mr. ROOBINS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill of which previous notice has been
given.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular oidcr of business.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Curtis] withdraws his objection to the iu-
uoduction of my bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] calls for the regular order of
business.
Mr. FAULKNER. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw his objection for a mo-
ment 111 order to have this bill introduced and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Alfairs, as
to-morrow is fixed for the consideration of that
subject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not want any
more armories.
. DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
ison agreeing to thorccommendationR of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
recommit House bill No. 300 to the Committee
of Ways and Means, with instructions to report
in separate bills the items for deficiencies in the
appropriations for each head ofexpenditurcfor the
service of the present fiscal year, and m another
bill all appropriations designed for the service of
the next fiscal year, and aiso with instructions to
inquire what further legislation is necessary to
restore to Congress an efficient control over the
expenses of the Government.
Mr. LETCHER, 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
Mr. WASbiBlTRNE, of Illinois I move to
lay the resolution on the tabic
Mr. BURNETT That carries the bill with it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion will carry tlio bill with it
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois Very well
I insist on my motion
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee I submit that the
motion to lay the hill on the table is m order; but
not the motion to lay on the table a proposition
dependent upon the bill
The SPEAK ER The Chair is of that opinion
In the early part of the session the Chair enter-
tained a motion, made by tne gentleman from
Georgia, to lay an amendment upon the table
The Chair subsequently examined the matter, and
could find no precedent for it The Cnair is of
opinion that he erred m entertaining the motion,
and that the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois must be modified so as to iay the bill on the
taole. The Chair will so receive it
Mr. DEAN called for the yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordeicd
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 43, nays 143; as follows:
y F, YS—Messrs. Andiew*, Bennett, Rtnguarp. Uiavton.
Ruflhiton, Burroughs, dawson, Clemens. Coining. I Mm
relt, Dawe^. Dean, Fcnton.Gianger, Grow. Uoben B Mail
Hailan. llaskm, lliard. Kello^, Kiljroie, K-iapp. Leach,
Leiter, Lovt'iov, llumpinev Marshall, Morgan, Palmer,
i'etut, Potter", Robbins, John Shcnnati, Juthon W, Sher-
man, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Thompson, Tompkins?
Wade, VValbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
and ElJihu B. Wasiiburne—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Billmghurst, Blair, 131iss, Bocock, Branch, Bryan, Bur-
hngame, Burnett, Burns, Campbell, Ca^e, Chafiee, Chap,
man, John B. Clark, Clay, Chngman, Cobb, Clark B. Coch-
rane, John Cochrane, Coekcnll, Colfax, Coming, Covode,
James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, David-
son, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Dowdell,Edie,Edmundson,Eustis, Famsworth,
Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Garnett, Garlreif, Giddma^,
GtJhs, Gooch, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Lawrence W.
Hall, J. Morrison Hams, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hop-
kins, Horton, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Huylcr, Jackson,
Jevvett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones,
IOitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel,
Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher, McKibbin, McQueen,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mu&on, Matte^on, Maynard, Miles,
Millson, Montgomery, Morrill, Unac N. Motrin, Mott, Mur-
ray, Niblack, Ni/ibols, Olin, Parker, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Pottle, Powell, Purviance, dmtman,
Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Rieaud, Royce, Ruftin, Sandidge,
Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M.
Shaw. Sickles, Singleton. Robert Simih, Samuel A. Smith,
Wuaam Smith, Stallwouh, Stephens, James A. Stewart,
William Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Trippe, Under-
wood, Walton, Ward, Warren, Israel Wa&hburn, Watkins,
White, Whiteley, Wilson, Woodson, Wortendvkc, Augus-
tus R. VViight. John V. Wright, and Zollicoffei—143.
So the House refused to iay the bill on the table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. BOYCE asked leave to vote, he having
been out of the Hall when his name was called.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, asked the same
privilege.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, asked the same
privilege.
Mr. DEAN obj°cted.
Mr. GROESBECK asked the same privilege.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, stated that if he had
been in the HaH when his name was called, he
would have voted " no."
The question recurred on agreeing to the rec-
ommendation of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, that the bill and amend-
ments be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation to recommit it to the Committee of
Ways and Means, with instructions to report in
separate bills the items for deficiencies m the ap-
propriation for each head of expenditure for the
services of the present fiscal year, and in another
bill all appropriations designed for the service of
the next fiscal year; and also, with instructions
to inquire what further legislation is necessary to
restore to Congress an efficient control over the
expenses of the Government.
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays sveie ordeied.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the Chair
what would be the effect of voting down the res-
olution ?
The SPEAKER. The question will then recur
on the firstamendment recommended by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
so on with all the amendments.
Mr HOUSTON. These instructions can be
divided, can they not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr HOUSTON. The division that 1 propose
is to take the two first paragraphs, and vote upon
them, and then have a separate vote on the last
paragraph. Will the Chair look, and see whether
they cannot be so divided *
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Ala-
bama will perceive that there can he no division
of the motion to commit with instructions, because
to ahow a motion to be divided it is requisite that
each branch of tne resolution should be able to
stand independently of the other.
Mr HOUSTON I am aware of that; but I
would lii.e the Speaker to look into the resolution
again
The SPEAKER if the motion to recommit
fails, the gentleman will perceive there would be
no proposition left.
Mr HOUSTON. The Chair misapprehends
me I atk whether I cannot be permitted to have
a division of tne msti uctions, terminating- with
the second paragraph.1
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, for
this very simple reason: If the motion to recom-
mit and the first branch of the instructions should
be voted down, what would become of the others?
Mr. HOUSTON. The others would be voted
down too, as a matter of course.
The SPEAKER. They might or might not.
It would leave them there with instructions, with-
out any motion to recommit.
Mr. GARNETT. I ask for the reading of the
78th rule, so as to show that the last branch of tho
instructions is a mere repetition of part of that
rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
" It shall be the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Means to take into consideration all such reports of the
Treasury Department, and all such propositions relative to
the revenue, as may be referred to them by the House; to
inquire into the state of the public debt or the revenue, and
of the expenditures, and to report, from time to time, their
opinion thereon ; to examine into the state of the several
public Dcpaitments, and particularly into the laws making
appropriation of money, and to report whether the moneys
have been disbursed conformably with such laws; and also
to report, from time to time, such provisions and arrange-
ments as may be necessaiy to add to the economy of the
Departments and the accountability of their officers."
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 101, nays 119; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Bennett, Billmghurst, Bing-
ham, Blair, Bonhain, Brayton, Bryan, Burlingame, Bur-
nett, Burroughs, Ca&e, Horace P. Clark, Clawson, Clay,
Clemens, Clmgman, Cobb, Clark 13. Cochrane, Colfax. Co-
mins, Covode, Cragm, Burton Craige, Cuiry, Curtis, J)am-
lell, Davis of Indiana, Davjs of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Durfee, English, Farnswoith,
Foster, Garnett, Giddmgs, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Good-
win, Robert B. flali, Thomas L. Harris, Ilaskin, Hickman,
Horton, Houston, Hughes, Kilgore, John C. Kunkel, Leach,
Leiter, Lovejoy, McQueen, Humphrey Marshall. Mason,
Matter-on, Mojgan, Morrill,"Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N.
Morns, Fiecman II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Pal-
mer, Patker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Quit-
man, Ready, Reagan, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts,
Scales, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Wil-
liam Smith, Stalhvorth, Stanton, Stevenson, William Stew-
art, Talbot, Miles Tayloi, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe,
Underwood, Wade, Walbndge, VVafdron, Walton, Israel
Washburn, and Wilson—101.
NAY.?—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Baik<dale, Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Buffin-
ton. Burns,Campbell, Caskie, Chaffee, Chapman, John 13.
Clark, John Cochrane, Coekeiitl, Corning, Cox, James
Ciaig, Crawford, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Mississippi, DowdelKF.die, Edmundson, Eustis, Faulkner,
Fenton, Florence, Foley, Gait!ell, Gillis, Goode, Granger.
Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeek, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoard, Hop-
kins, Howard, Huvler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewctt, Geoige
W. Joues, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kent, Kellogg,
Kelly, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Lawrence,
Leidy, Letcher, Maelay, McKibbin, Samuel S. Marshall,
Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Moore,
Muriay, Niblack,Niehol<,01in,Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Phillips, Powell, Keilly, Royce, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge,
Scott, Searing. Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spin-
ner, Stephens. James A. Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor,
Thayei, Ward, Wairen, Cadvvalader C. Washburn, Elhhu
B. Wa^hburne,'Walking, White,Whiteley,Winslow,'Wood-
sou, Woit«'ndvke, Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright,
and ZolhcolVet —119.
So the recommendation was not concurred in.
Pending the vote,
Rlr. GILMAN stated that Mr. Abbott was
detained from the House by illness.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the recommendation was non>concurred in,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I stated yesterday in the
House that those gentlemen who have opposed
this bill on particular grounds should have an op-
portunity, if general consent was given, to take
the yeas and nays on each one of the propositions
that was objectionable to them. I hope now that
there will be unanimous consent that the bill and
the amendments be read, that those gentlemen can
call for a vote on each particular item that they
object to, and that the yeas and nays be taken on
them.
Mr. STANTON. The House has voted down
the recommendation to instruct the Committee of
Ways and Means to report separate appropria-
tions for the different fiscal years. I now move
to lay the bill and amendments on the table, and
on that I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 desire to move, now
that tho morning hour has expired, to proceed to
the business on the Sneaker's table.
The SPEAKER. 'The morning hour has not
com men cod.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Then I had better
make no motion till this is disposed of; and then
I will make a motion to procecd to the business
on the Speaker's table.
The question was put on Mr. Stanton's mo-
tion, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, now, will the House
give general cpnsent to my proposition, which ia.
