458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
it is expressly forbidden by the laws of nations*,
and it is no defense of such an expedition as this
to say that the parties engaged in it have a right
to expatriate themselves.
The right of expatriation is not an absolute and
perfect right. It is not so pretended to be by any
publicist. It is a qualified right; it is subject to
various exceptions, and to any legislation which
a State may think proper to adopt in regard to it.
I presume that no one would contend that the
right of expatriation was an absolute right when
a nation was engaged m war, and needed all its
citizens or subjects to defend it. That man who
should ran away from his country, and throw off
his allegiance, under such circumstances, would
not only be a renegade, but a traitor. We can-
not assert the absolute right of expatriation in
regard to such a man. Indeed, sir, in our own
history, we have one very striking instance in re-
gard to this ri^ht of expatriation. I think it was
in 1810 that Elijah Clark, a citizen of New Jersey,
went from that State to Canada, where he mar-
ried, and had children. He was said also to have
accepted a commission in the Canada militia; and
then when the war of 1812 broke out, he was
found, after having crossed the river, in our lines
lurkingubout the American camp. He was taken
up by the military authorities, tried by court-mar-
tial, and condemned as a spy; but Mr. Madison
interfered. He directed him to be discharged,
and to be turned over to the civil authorities to
be tiied for treason. He did not admit the expa-
triation of Elijah Clark, in that case.
Neither can it be anything but bona fide expa-
triation to which we can allow any weight. Such
a pretext cannot be set up when the object is to
violate the laws,of nations, or to violate the stat-
utes of the country, to evade the laws passed to
enforce neutral obligations, and to disturb the
peace and security of a people with whom wo are
on terms of peace and amity. These expeditions
have always been regarded with singulardisfavor
by the Government of this country. I am proud
to say that the United States, although suspicions
have been cast on her integrity in this regard,
has uniformly manifested a sound and true public
faith. No expedition has ever been got up m this
country without receiving the denunciation of the
Executive and the general disapprobation of the
citizens. General Washington, even before the
statutes of neutrality were passed, which I believe
was in 1794, issued his proclamation, based on the
principles of international law, prohibiting our
people from engaging unjustly in the struggles of
the great nations who were then in flagrant war,
which threatened to involve us also. At a later
period of our history, when Miranda came here,
think in 1806, or 1807, or thereabouts, and or-
ganized his unfortunate expedition against Ven-
ezuela, it met with no favor at the hands of our
authorities, either executive or judicial.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] re-
minds me that the individuals who were tried m
New York were acquitted. That is true; but let
us hear what the President said on that subject.
Mr. Jefferson, after the close of his administra-
tion, wrote on this subject, on the 4th of October,
181)9—it is to,be found in a letter to Foronda—as
follows:
"Youi predecessor, soured on a question of etiquette
ngmns-t the Admimstiation of tins country, wished to impute
u'jong to them in all their actions, even whore he did not
believe it himself. In tins spirit, he wished it to be believed
that wo were in unjustifiable cooperation m Miranda's ex-
pedition. I solemnly, and on my personal truth and honor,
declare to you that tins was entirely without foundation,
and that there was neithei cooperation nor connivance on
our part. Ife informed us he was about to attempt the lib-
eration of his native country from bondage, and intimated
a hope of our aid, or connivance, at least. lie was at once
informed that, although wc had great cati^e of complaint
against Spam, and even of wat, yet, whenever we should
think proper to act as her enemy, it should be openly and
bove-board, and that our hostility should never be exer-
cised by such petty means. We had no suspicion that lie
expected to engage men here, but merely to puichaoo mili-
tary stores. Against this there was no law, nor consequently
any authority for us to interpose obstacles." * * v
" Although tiis measures were many dajs m preparation in
New York, we never had the least intimation or suspicion
of his engaging men in ins enterprise until he was gone,"
* * * * k£ until it was too late for any measures
taken atWdshmgton to prevent their depdi lure. The officer
in the customs who participated m this transaction with
Miranda we immediately removed, and should have had
him, and others, further punished, had it not been for the
protection given them by private citizens at New York, in
opposition to the Government, who, by their impudent false-
hoods and calumnies, were able to overbear the minds of
the jurors, Be assured, sir, that no motive could induce
?
me, at this time, to make this declaration so gratuitously,
were it not founded in sacred truth ; and I will add, further,
that I never did, or countenanced, m public life, a single
act inconsistent with the strictest g iod faith; having never
believed there was one code of morality for a public and
another for a private man."
Under the administration of Mr. Monroe, we
amended the statute of neutrality passed in 1794,
by the act of 1818, which was only an enlarge-
ment, to some degree, of the former act intended
to prohibit these private enterprises of a warlike
nature. I believe there has not been an occasion
of that sort during our history, when the Presi-
dent for the time being, whoever he might be,
has not entertained and expressed opinions like
those expressed by Mr. Jefferson in the letter
from which 1 have read. I have here a letter of
General Jackson, showing what he thought of
such expeditions, even anticipating one which
he apprehended was on foot. This letter was ad-
dressed to William S. Fulton, then Secretary for
the Territory of Arkansas, and dated December
10, 1830:
" Dear Sir: It has been stated to me that an extensive
expedition against Texas isoiganizing m the United States,
with a view to the establishment of an independent govern-
ment m that pjovmee,and that General Houston is to be at
the head of it. From all the circumstances communicated
to me upon this subject, and which have fallen under my
observation, I am induced to behove, and hope (notwith-
standing tlie eueumstantial mannerin winch itis related to
me) that the information I have received is erroneous; and
it is unnecessary that I should add my sincere wish that it
may be to. No movements have been made, nor have any
facts been established, which would requiie or would jus-
tify the adoption of official proceedings against individuals
implicated; yet so stiong is the detestation of the criminal
steps alluded" to, and sueh are m\ apprehensions of the ex-
tent to which the peace and honor of the countiy might be
compromitted bvit,asto make me anxious to do everything
shinl of it which may serve to eheit the tiuili, and to fur-
nish nip with the neeessaiy farts (if they exist) to lay the
foundation of fiuther measures."
I am glad to say that the gallant old general
was mistaken in his suspicions; that such were
not the purposes of the Senator from Texas, whom
1 now see before me, and I know that President
"Jackson received from him assurances that he
entertained no such purposes. He did head, gal-
lantly head, the revolution which made Texas an
independent State; but it was not until the over-
throw of the Mexican constitution, and the vio-
lation of the rights of the Slate of Texas, that her
people took the last resort into their own hands.
This, at all events, shows conclusively what was
General Jackson's opinion, although I believe it
was not altogether unfashionable at one time to
suspect him of being somewhat of a filibuster
himself.
It has, however, been attempted to be shown
that this expedition stands on a different footing
from any other hostilities which have been sought
to becarried on from this country against afmeign
country. It has been endeavored to be shown
that, inasmuch as there were two parties in Nic-
aragua, it was perfectly fair, according to the law
of nations, that Mr. Walker should engage his
service to one of those parties in conflict with
the other. I deny that entirely. When rebellion
arises, we do not think it civil war; but when it
has acquired such head, and the parties are so
equally balanced that it can be characterized as
civil war, then the rule is that both parties are to
be treated as if they were independent nations at
war; and the obligation of our citizens, as well
as of our Government, is to regard the laws of
neutrality, and not to take sides with either party.
This obligation is just as perfect as if there were
two independent nations engaged in lawful open
war. In general, neither the Government nor the
citizens of a neutral nation can, without a depart-
ure from their neutrality, take any part in such
a conflict. Itistrue there are some extraordinary
exceptional cases, as when a revolt has begun in
consequence of inhuman oppression, such asjus-
tifiedthe people of Holland in rising against the
Government of Spam, in which other nations
may and sometimes have taken part. The con-
sequence of their doing so, however, always is a
rupture of their peaceful relations with the coun-
try against which th«y have taken part. If not
I an act of war, it always leads to it. It did so in
our own case during the war of the Revolution.
It always must do so where there is sufficient
power in the State which is thus opposed by hos-
tile interference, to revenge or redress the griev-
ance.
KoWj sir, I propose to show by a very few cita-
tions, that what I said is justified by the publi-
cists. Chancellor Kent says:
"It is sometimes a very grave question, when and how
far one nation has a right to assist the subjects of another,
who have revolted, and implored that assistance. It is said
that assistance may be afforded, consistently with the law
of nations, in extreme cases, as when ruleis have violated
the principles of the social compact, and given justcau-e to
their subjects to consider themselves di>charged from their
allegiance."—Kent's Commentaries, volume 1, p. 24.
In a note, he quotes with approbation a letter
of Mr. Webster to Lord Ashburton, dated A.pril
21, 1841, in which Mr. Webster said that—
" It was a manifest and g>-oss impropriety for individuals
to engage in the civil conflicts of other States, and thus ro be
at war, while their Government is at peaceand that "the
salutary doctrine of non-intervention by one nation with the
affairs of others, 13 liable to be essentially impaired, if, while
the Government lefrains from interference, mterfeience is
still allowed to its subjects individually or in masses;" and
that "the United States have been the first amongcivilized
nations to enforce the observance of the just rule of neu-
trality and peace, bv special and adequate legal enactments
against allowing individuals to make war on their own au-
thouty, or to mingle themselves m the belligerent operations
of other nations."
Chancellor Kent himself observes:
Prior to thn recognition of the independence of any of
the Spanish colonics in Atnciica, and during the existence
of the civil war between Spain and her colonies, it was the
declared policy of the Government of the United States, in
recognizing the independence of tho Spanish American
Republics, to remain neutral, and to allow to each of the
belligerent parties the same rights of asylum and hospital-
ity, and to consider tlvm, in lespect to "the neutral relation
and duties of the United State-*, as equally entitled to the
sovereign rights of wai as against each other. This was
aUo the judicial doctrine of the Supreme Couit, derived
ftotn tho policy of the Government, and seems to have been
regarded as a principle of international law."
The policy and principle of the Government
were laid down to the same effect by General
Jackson in his message to Congress, December
21, 1836.
Vattel says, that, i( even in lawful war between
two nations, private expeditions are not lawful
unless authorized by the civil authority." This
i| every one knows by our ordinary experience.
Even if this country were at war withGreat Brit-
am—public, lawful war—it would not be com-
petent for individuals to arm private vessels and
send them out to cruise against the commerce of
the enemy unless they had a commission from tho
Government. If they were to cruise against Brit-
ish vessels without such a commission, and should
be taken by a British man-of-war, they would be
entitled to none of the privileges of prisoners of
war, but would be regarded as freebooters, and
treated pretty much according to pleasure. Vattel
declares:
" The necessity of a special order to act is so thoroughly
established, that, even aftei a declaration of war between
two nation*, if the peasants of themselves commit any
hostilities, the enemy bhovvs them no mercy, but hangs
them up as he would =o many robbers or banditti The
crews of private ship^ of war stand in the same predicament;
a commivMon fioru their sovereign or admhal can alone, in
case they are captured, insure them such tieatment as id
given to pnsoners taken m regular warfare."
On every score, then, this carrying on of war
by private adventurers against another State, es-
pecially when it is at peace with that country to
which they belong, is an offense of the highest
character against the laws of nations. Against
their own Government it is just such an offense as
the laws make it. I hold, therefore, that General
Walker and his associates, although only guilty
of a misdemeanor against the laws of the United
States were, as regards Nicaragua, in no better
condition than freebooters and pirates—they were
waging war against that State and people, with-
;i out any authority.
|j Now, sir, I turn to the act of 1818, chapter
|! eighty-ei<rht. That act was passed by this Gov-
ernment for the purpose of enforcing these very
'j obligations. It contains a variety of provisions
jj applying to different cases; and if the last clause
j! of that act were struck out of it entirely, there
,! would be penalties and prohibitions for every one
of the offenses specified in the act, and authoiity
j; to the Executive to use the military and naval
force of the country to enforce such prohibitions
;| and penalties. There are seven sections preceding
|; the eighth. The first provides finp and imprison-
jimentfor exercising within the United States a
!! commission to serve a foreign State. The sec-
ond section imposes a penalty on any person for,
within the jurisdiction of the United States, en-
listing, or procuring others to enlist, in the st rvicc
of a foreign State. The third section imposes a
penalty for fitting out vessels for such services;
