1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to take up the bill, read it from the beginning to
the close, and, as each paragraph is read, if any
gentleman wants a'separate vote upon it, let him
call for it, and let the yeas and nays be ordered
on it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object, unless it is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I suppose thgre is
no objection to any amendment that has been pro-
posed and adopted in the Committee of the'Whole
on the state of the Union. Let a vote be taken,
by common consent, on the whole of them.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I have kept my prom-
ise, and stand right before the House.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. How long will
this business be likely to last? There are some
of us who are anxious to take up the regular order
of business, having business engagements which
will require our absence during the latter part of
the day.
The SPEAKER. The House is executing the
regular order of business which takes precedence
over all other business.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I thought the Kan-
sas bill was to be taken up at one o'clock.
_ The SPEAKER. It can be taken up by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Geoigia. I do not propose
to interfere with that matter at all. I have no
charge of any arrangements for this side of the
House; but it was understood yesterday that the
biii would be taken up to-day at one o'clock.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 hope the regular order of busi-
ness will be proceeded with. YVe shall consume
more time in this discussion than it would take to
pass the hill.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
taking up the Kansas bill?
Mr. BURNETT, I object.
-tho amendments reported by the Committee of
the Whole on the of the Union wore then
read; and no one calling for a separate vote, liiey
were adopted m "tons.
Mr. FAULKNER. I thought there was to
he some opportunity given to have a distinct voto
upon the third section of the hill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio t
objected to it. '
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman from Vir- !
ginia [Mr. Lr/rein.n] pieced me ychtt ul.iy that
there should be an opportunity of amending- this ■
thiid section. ,
Mr. LETCHER. Thatisth e proposition I sub- :
mitted to the House, but it was objected to. '
Mr. CLEMENS. You agreed, yesteiday, to j
give me the opportunity. ;
Mr. LETCHER. Ilowean i do so? Your own i
friends moved tin; previous question. 1 did not. '
Mi. CLEMENS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will wiihdiaw the objection.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 desire to call the attention j
of the House to the quarter from which the ob- ;
jection comes. j
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Vir- j
gimu yesterdny iiixist'-d on the demand for the j
previous question, and 1 ask now that the regular j
order m-iy be ex< cun-d.
The bill was then oiden d to he engrossed and '
read a third tnm ; and b.'or^ engrossed, was ac- ,
eordmgiy read a third turn*.
Mr. PlJELPS*n.i'>ved to reconsider the vote by :
which the hill was oidered to lie engrossed and |
read a third time, and also moved to lay the mo- j
Uon to reconsider on tin: table.
The latter motion was agreed to. 1
Mr. LE rCli ER. 1 ask for the previous qucs- ;
lion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the ,
main question oiueied to be put. '
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask ioi tl
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative yeas 106, nays VU; as follows: ;;
\ i-.AS Adrain, Ahi, Amioi-oo, Arnold, Atkins, ' i
Avcij, Uaikidilc, llettiieu, Ui.-hor). Bocoek, lionlui'u i!
15o)ce, liiv.in, laup>, C;u)jj)t)''i], Cnapm.ui. Joinl !i
J3. ( 1 tlui Cnciu-i.!". Co<-k n!i, Conmi", Cox Jamo* if
Ct.iu fnrd. J ••ivid-on, 0..\u oj-M-u\Jami, lJavi*. of
3lis>«!i^jpi .i)iij)miek, Dovvdt'll. -•Cd.iutmI.--oa, Ku-n«, Faulk-
ner, rirt.oi'«v. . <:am- !!. (J.iU-, G.lni.'i, (iourte.Orfen-
woori. Ur.'^', liioe-lie'-k, La\>jenoe \V. !I ill, J. Moiiison
ilarn , llawkiu-, llj.-kni m, Hopkins. Ilowaul
Jlugi!e>, liiivi"!, Jaek- Oil, Ji-nkiiio, Jewett. J Glan'cy
Jone«, nvvr>n tone--, lOirf, Ke!!'\ J.ten!) tsun!v''l, La-
mar, Landy, Lauienee, LciJy. Leicuui, Mae! ay, MeKib-
April 8,
bin, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynard, Miles, Mil-
ler, Millson, Montgomery, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Reilly,lticaud, Russell,
Sandidge, Savage, Seotf, Searing, Sewaid, Sickles, Sm"le-
ton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, George Taylor, Ward, Warren, Wat-
kins, White, Whitoley, Winslow, Woodson, Woiteniiyke,
j Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wiight,andZolheoffer—106,
'! NAYS— Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bilhngliuist, Bing-
Jiam, Blair, BtUs, Biajieh, Brayton, Buffinton, tfurhngame,
Burnett, Burroughs, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Horace P.
Claik,Clawsoii, Clay, Clemens, Clinginan, Cobb, Clark B.
Ooclmme, Colfax, Coiiitns, Covode, Cragin, BurtonCraige,
Curry, Curtis, Daimell, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dur-
i the yeas and nays
Hill, Ilomd, floiton, Houston, George W. Jones, Kello'—
Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Loiter,
Lovojoy, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Matteson, Moigan-
Morull, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Moms, Freeman
H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olm,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Peyton, Pike, Potter, I'ortle, l'urvi-
anoe, Ready, Reagan, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Rovce,
Ruflin, Scales, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, John Slier
man, Judson W. Shaman, Shorter, William Smith, Spin-
ner, Stallwoitli, Stanton, William Stewart, Talbot. Tap-
pan, Miles Tavloi, Thaver,Tliomp-on, Tompkins, Tnppo,
Underwood, Wade, Walbiidge, Waldron, Walton, Cad-
waladcr c. Waslihuin, Ellilm li. Wasilburne, Israel Wash-
burn, IViNon, and Wood—124.
So tho bill was rejected.
Ponding tho call of tho roll,
Mr. BRANCH stated that he voted "no," for
the purpose of moving to reconsider.
NEW JERSEY RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. COI3I3. I rise to a question of privilege.
On yesterday the resolutions from the State ^of
New Jersey proposing n grant of land foi the pur-
pose of establishing colleges, &c., were referred
to .the Committee on Agriculture. That whole
question lias been before the Committee on Public
Lands for some time, and they now have it under
eonsideiation. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolutions wore referred to the
Committee on Agriculture, for the purpose of
inivnu; tliem refened to the Committee on Public.
Land*. I think thai is the pioper committee to
have charge of the subject,and I do not ihnik the
rules of tlieil ousc contemplated thatpetuions and
resolutions referring to the same subject should ;
bo divided among the different committees of tho
House.
Mr. WALRRIDGE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Upon a division on the motion to lay on the
table, there were—ayes 101, noes 91.
Mr. COI>n called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs, Craige, of
North Carolina, and Waldron, were appointed, j
The question was taken, and the tellers re- j
ported—ayes 100, noes 101. ]
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
The motion to reconsider was then agreed to.
Mr. COBB moved to refer the joint resolutions
to the Committee on Public Lands. i
The motion was ti^tced to; and the resolutions |
were accordingly referred to the Committee on '
Public Lands. !
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by ;
which the resolutions were referred, and also :
moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the table. ;
j The latter motion was agreed to. j
| - MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. j
J A message was received from the Senate, by !
! Mr. IIiCKF.r, their Chief Clerk, notifying the j
j House that tho Senate had passed an act (8. No. j
l 8(>) for the admission of the State of Minnesota '
J into the Union, in which he was dnected to ask i
the concurrence of the House. 1
I
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that we shall proceed to the 1
consideration of the message from the Senate no- j
tifying us thatit had disagreed to the amendment '!
of the House to the Senate bill for the admission
of Kansas as a State into the Union
There was no objection; and the message was
taken up. h
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move that the House
adhere to their amendment; and on thatl call for *i
the previous question. ij
Mr. BOCOCtv. If the Hous'e agree to this mo- !j
tion, will not that agreement, preclude all chance ,!
of settle me n t between the two Houses, unless the
Senate gives way t  l
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw the call for the
previous question, to enable me to make a mo-
tion ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. It would afford me
great pleasure to accommodate my friend from
Indiana, but I must decline to withdraw the call
for the previous question.
Mr.'SEWARD. 1 move that the House recede.
I think the motion takes precedence of that of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be en-
tertained pending a demand for the previous
question. If the gentleman's motion had been
made before the call for the previous question,it
would have taken precedence
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the Speaker
to decide that the call for the previous question
cuts off my motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. BOCOC^. The Chair has not answered
my question. Does not a motion to adheie cut
off all chance for a settlement of this question,
unless the Senate gives way?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it ai lses.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire whether
the Senate may not recede ?
Mr. KEITT. I object to any debate.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. I wish to ask a question
as to the effect of the motion to adhere.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. X demand
tellers on the previous question.
! Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
i rake and Buffinton were appointed.
; The tellers reported that there were one hun-
: drod and eighteen in the affirmative; which was a
! majority of the [Jouse.
; So the previous question was ordered.
! Mi. CLINGMAN. I demand the yeas and
| nays on ordering the mam question to be put.
i [Cues of" No ! " " No!"']
| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The agi cement
yeslerday was that the vote should be'taken at
this time, and I hope that agreement wili be car-
ried out.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Tnen I withdraw the de-
mand fer the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLEMENS. I renew the demand.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CLEMENS. I hope , as the yeas and nays
were not taken on this, that they will not be taken
on any question. [Cries of " Order !"" Order !"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
The main question was then ordered to he put.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 d emand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adhere.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. I wish to ask a question
before I cast my vote.
Mi. GRO W. I object to anything out of order.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. I use to a question of
order. I wish to know whether, if tins motion
be voted down, it will not lie m order to move
to insist on the amendment of the House; and
whether, if it be not voted down, it will be in
order to move to insist; and whether, if the mo-
tion to adhere be agreed to, there can be a com-
mittee of conference appointed on the disagreeing
votes of the two tlousi s.'
Mr. SPEAKER. If the motion to adhere be
agreed to, it will cut off the motion to insist, of
course.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. If the Senate demands
a committee of conference, it may be granted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 rise to ask a ques-
tion for information. Does the Chair rule that
if the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia prevails, the Senate cannot ask for a commit-
tee of conference r
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not ruled
either way upon the subject. He will decide ques-
tions as they ause.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to say  
Several Member*. '"Order."
Mr. SMITH, of Vi rgmia. I can wait until gen-
tlemen stoj) their clamor.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. It
is objected to by several gentlemen.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 wish to ask a
question for information.
Mr, MONTGOMERY. I object.
The question was taken; and it was decided
