506
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of New States—Mr. Goode.
Ho. of Reps.
a duty to the South, to Virginia—to John Ran-
dolph of- Roanoke. Some days since, my hon-
orable colleague [Mr. Garnett] made allusion
to the deedof cession by which Virginia conveyed
the Northwestern Territory to the United States,
and especially to the clause which stipulates that
not more than five States shall be formed of the
Territory, and he charged, as a breach of the pact,
that-a large extent of territory was left without
the boundaries of the five northwestern States.
A member from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] re-
pelled the charge, and represented that part of the
Virginiagrantasamere stripof country attached
to Minnesota, a magnificent State with ninety
thousand square miles of territory, one third
greater than the State of Virginia! and with this
statement the member seemed to feel his vindica-
tion complete. Now, sir, tlus strip of country, of
which he speaks with so much levity, is a tract
of twenty-two thousand square miles, beins; nearly
equal to one half the superficial extvnt of the great
State of Pennsylvania or Now Yoik, and about
equal to all that part of Virginia which lies be-
tween the Blue Ridge and the Atlantic, full three
times as large as the whole State of Massachu-
setts! larger than the combined area of New
Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and
Connecticut!
It maj' be proper to remark that, in superficial
extent, this strip of country is more than equal to
one third part of the State of Georgia. The gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Snu'RhN's] treated the
suggestion of my colleague as a renson urg'-dfor
the rejection of the bill. Cut that view was
waived, and it was adduced as a violation of the
terms of the deed of cession. Considered as an
objection to the bill, the gentleman from Georgia
insists that it was taken too late; that it should
have been stated on the passage of the enabling
net. But if Congress, in the enabling act, by its
own act, sot forth a boundary involving a breach
of trust, is it competent to Congress to excuse
the consummation of that bieach of trust in the
act for admission, by pleading thet. the breach
was initiated in the enabling act? That is a ques-
tion which 1 refer to the casuists. In any event,
my colleague was not concluded to make the ob-
jection, because he voted against the enabling
act, as I did. Out waiving this objection to the
admission of Minnesota, 1 voted for the bill,
while X hold that as an unjust and oppressive
violation of the terms of the cession, the sugges-
tion of my colleague lemains without nnswei.
As such it was brought forward, and as such it
was considered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow.] Warming with his subject,
and assuming a lofty bearing, this gentleman an-
nounced that the charge of breach of faith came
with an ill-grace from my colleague, because, he
says:
c* Your fathers and our fathers made a compact in 1820,
l>y wind) the Tjom.-iana purchase, west ot the then limits ol
Missouri, and of noi th vG° wU', an a,s dedicated f'oievci to liec-
dom; but afierwaids you took the Platte counties now the
fteven western counties of Mi^miti, the nehe-t and noblest
portion of that Slate, hom under the opeianon ol ih.u or-
dinance, and dedicated it to sjaveiy. You. i.u he is did that,
and you have justified the act.15
I do "justify the act;" I have justified much
more than that; and stand ready to vindicate the
deed. But, sir, my object is to deny, to surcharge,
and falsify the allegation that " your fathers and
our fathers made a compact in 1820 by which
the Louisiana purchase west of Missouri, and
north of 36° 30', was dedicated forever" to what
you call freedom. I deny that, .such a compact
was evei made between the North and South-, and
if there were, then I deny that Virginia was any
party to such compact. In other words, I deny
that there ever was plighted faith on the part of
the South, and especially of Virginia, to invest
the act of Congress usually described es the Mis-
souri compromise, with any peculiar degree of
sanctity. The charge has been often made. Mem-
bers of Congress from the North have felt them-
selves called upon to indulge in strains of bitter
denunciation of the perfidious breach of faith in-
volved in the action of southern members in re-
pealing the Missouri compromise. The charge
js gratuitous, and unsupported by the truth of
history.
Sir, I am at a loss to conceive on what evidence
the declaration has been hazarded that the Mis-
souri compromise, as it is termed in common
parlance, was invested with the dignity of a com-
pact, or varied in any manner from an ordinary
act of Congress. This cannot be inferred from
the fact that several southern members voted for
the measure; because such a rule would invest
every law with the dignityand sanctity of an un-
alterable compact. But, even upon such a lule, it
is shown by the record that the Missouri com-
promise was rejected by Virginia, and repudiated
by her Representatives in Congress. It has been
conceded, because it could not be denied, that the
measure was proposed by a northern Senator.
In the session of 1819-20, "A bill for the admis-
sion of the State of Maine "had passed the House
of Representatives; and, in the Senate, a commit-
tee had reported, as an amendment to that bill, a
clause for the admission of Missouri on the same
terms; that is, without restriction on the subject
of slavery. Various propositions were made to
amend that amendment, by adding a section to
exclude the institution of slavery from the State
of Missouri; but all these were successfully re-
sisted by the united South. Defeated in the ob-
ject of excluding slavery from the State of Mis-
souri, the North, in the person of Mr.Thomas,
of Illinois, brought forwatd the clause to exclude
it fiom the Territories north of 3G°3G' north lat-
itude, and nof comprehended within the limits of
the State. The vote was taken on that proposi-
tion on the 17th February, 1820. It was support-
ed by every northern Senator, except the two
from Indiana, and carried in the affirmative. The
vole was taken by yeas and nays. Both the Sen-
ators from Virginia recorded their votes in the
negative and against tlie Missouri compromise,
as did also Nathaniel Macon, of North (Jaiohna,
and Judge Smith, of South Carolina, both of
whom have been claimed as supporters of the
compromise. (See Senate Journal, 1619-20, page
ICG.)
I am aware it has been stated on authority—
high Uideed with many nunds—that the yeas and
nays were not taken on the motion " to insert
the section constituting the compromise. " (See
" Benton's Thirty Years View," page 8 ) Hut
I exhibit the rccoid. The vote then recurred on
the question, " Shall the amendments to the bill
be engrossed, and read a third time 5" and on this
Virginia, and the South generally, did vote in the
afliinuUive. Cut that was not a clear vote on the
single piinciple of the Missouri compromise. The
amendments oideied to be engrossed were the sec-
tions providing for the admission of Missouri as
an amendment to the Maine bill, arid Virginia
voted with the South, that if Maine were admit-
ted, Missouri should be admitted also, without
the clause excluding slavery, even though Con-
gress usurped the power to exclude it from all ter-
ritory north of 3G° 30' not comprehended within
the limits of the State; and the bill passed the Sen-
ate in that form, without division. A very differ-
ent fate awaited it in the House of Representa-
tives, where the amendments wcie rejected by a
vciy general vote—the North being against them
because they admitted slavery in the State of Mis-
souri, whilst the South opposed them because
they excluded slavery from the Territory.
The llouse having thus rejected the amend-
ments, the bill was sent back to the Senate, where
a member from Rhode Island (Mr. Curnll) moved
to recede from the Senate amendments, and Mr.
Macon called for a division of the question, so as
to take one vote on admitting Missouri without
restriction, and another vote on the section ex-
cluding slavery from the Territories. Mr. Smith
and Mr. Macon, with both the Virginia Senators,
and a majority of the Senate, including all the
Senators lrom the South, voted against receding;
namely, they voted to insist on her admission; and
so the clause was retained. The question was then
taken on receding from the amendment which
prohibited slavery north of 36° 30'm the Terri-
tories, when Mr. Smith and Mr. Macon, with
both the Viigima Senators, voted to recede, which
was equivalent to a vote to stiike out the section;
that is, to reject the Missouri compromise. (See
Senate Journal, page 189.) Yet it has been as-
serted that Nathaniel Macon and Judge Smith
and James Barbour and James Pleasants had re-
corded their plighted faith in favor of this com-
promise, to be observed as a sacred compact be-
tween the North and South ! The Senate then
insisted on its several amendments; and no other
vote was taken in that body at all involving the
principle of the compromise., until after the report
of the committee of conference. Heaven save the
country from all future committees of conference !
It recommended that the Senate recede from all
their amendments to the bill for the admission of
Maine, and that the bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives to enable the people of Missouri to form
a State government, &c., should be so amended
as to strike out the clause prohibiting slavery
within the State to be formed, and to inserfanew
section prohibiting slavery m all that territory
ceded by France to the United States, under the
name of Louisiana, which lies north of 36° 30'
north latitude, not included within the limits of
the State of Missouri.
The country is familiar with the report of that
committee. On the question to strike out the
clause prohibiting slavery in Missouri, Virginia,
and the whole South, with a large majority of the
Senate, voted in the affirmative, thus admitting
slavery into Missouri. The question to insert the
compromise clause was carried without a division.
Hut that does not justify the inference that the
Virginia Senators assented to the principle of the
Missouri compromise. They had already voted
against its insertion in the iirst instance. They
had \otud to strike it out, when an opportunity
was presented. They had sufficiently evinced
their opposition to the punciple, and as a small
and helpless minority, it was unnecessary to con-
sume the time of the Senate with an unavailing
vote by yeas and nays.
It has been alleged in the "Thirty Year's
View," (page 8,) that—
'• The unanimity of the .slave States m the Senate, \v]jorc
tlx; me wire originated, is shown by its Journal. not on the
motion jo m^oit the section constituting the eompiomi-e
((oi on that motion tlx yeas and najn w«.rc not taken) but
on tile motion to stake it out, when they wcie taken, and
showed Unity votes foi the coininoimsc and fr.teen itsMm-st
il—every one of the lattci horn wm-sluveholduig States—
tne loimor comprehending «'vcry slave State vote present,
and a few ftoni the North."
The author then furnishes o list of the Sena-
tors who are claimed to have voted for the com-
promise, and among them are Governor Barbour
and Governor Pleasants of Virginia, Judge Wil-
liam Smith of South Carolina, and Nathaniel
Macon of North Carolina, and, indeed, all the
Senators from the South, with several distin-
guished names fiom the northern States, and de-
clares that" this array of names shows the Mis-
souri compromise to Lave been a southern mcas-
sure."
I have to say that after diligent search, I have
not been able to discover the record of such a
vote. I do find that after the adoption of the
clause excluding slavery from the Territories,
north of 3G° 30', Mr. Trimble, of Ohio, did move
to stiike out that clause and insert another, extend-
ing the operation of the principle of the compro-
mise so as to apply it to all territory north of
3G° 30' and all south of that line not embraced within
the boundaries of the State of Louisiana and
the Territory of Arkansas east 94° of longitude
—agreeably to Mohsh's map. On this question,
James Barbour, James Pleasants, Nathaniel Ma-
con, William Smith, and every southern Sena-
tor, did vote in the negative; but that was a vote
refusing to extend the principle of the compro-
mise; a vote refusing to give it application to ter-
ritory south of 36° 30'; and cannot be tortured
into an approval of the compromise. Yet that
was the only vote on the subjcct, in the Senate,
of which I can find a record, taken after the carry-
ing into effect the recommendation of the com-
mittee of conference. (Senate Journal 1819-20,
pa2;e 202.)
Sir, I deny that there is evidence on record—I
deny that there is evidence in being to establish
the proposition that the Senators from Virginia, or
Nathaniel Macon, or William Smith, of South
Carolina, ever gave the sanction of their names
to the principles of the Missouri compromise, to
be observed as a compact between the North and
South—binding in plighted faith—sacred and im-
mutable.
Passing from'the Senate to the House of Rep-
resentatives, we shall find the South resolutely
and persistently resisting the principle of exclu-
