2568
THE CONGRESSI0NAL GLOBE,
June* 1,
came to the unanimous conclusion that the whole
system was wrong and ought to be stopped—at
all events, that at the present session of the Sen-
ate, and in the present condition of the Treasury,
we would not recommend a solitary new appro-
priation for these objects. If the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom the sub-
ject was not committed, can "bring it forward in
"this way, any other committee of the Senate can
do the same, and the entire business of the Sen-
ate is thrown into confusion. This is no ordin-
ary point of order, and I trust that the Senate
will decide it on principle. I shall be compelled,
with my friend from Maine, to dissent from the
opinion of the Chair, with entire respect for the
Chair itself, and with the renewal of my expres-
sion of astonishment that I so seldom have occa-
sion to dissent from his opinion.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say a very few
words on this question; very few, indeed, for the
consideration of the Senator from Louisiana and
the Senator from Maine. With great respect to
the opinions of those gentlemen, I think, on a re-
view of this question, they will see that the Chair
has decided correctly; not that they are incorrect
on the point they make, for they are entirely cor-
rect, according to parliamentary law, it is un-
doubtedly true that no committee can originate
business. It must be referred to them cither by
the committal of the President's message, or by
some communication from a Department, or by a
direct vote of the Senate. There can be no doubt,
I think, on that point; but that is not the question.
The question is, what authority has the Chair to
rule an amendment out of order ? That authority
is found in the 30th rule alone. If it is reported by
a committee, that is the end of the inquiry so far
as the Chair is concerned on the pointof order. It
is competent for any Senator to move, and for the
Senate to reject, an amendment, or reject a bill that
has originated with a committee without author-
ity. It is perfectly competent for the Senator from
Arkansas, or any other Senator, to move to re-
ject this amendment on the ground, not of its
merits, but that it is improperly brought to the
attention of the Senate. But, sir, I would ask
gentlemen what is to bo the consequence if they
call upon the Chair to exercise the authority now
contended for on the appeal? It is not every case,
probably not one in twenty, that is free from dis-
pute as to the jurisdiction of the committee. A
committee claims that it has jurisdiction on some
ground or other, and would you refer to the Chair
that disputed question, which is a question solely
to be determined by the Senate' The Chair's
authority to rule an amendment out of order is
confined to the rule. The parliamentary law alone
would not authorize the Chair to decide a hill out
of order because it had originated with a commit-
tee, without the subject having been referred to
that committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Suppose, for instance, the
Committee on Public Lands, of which the Sena-
tor is chairman, should bring in a bill for the con-
struction of fortifications, and an objection by a
member was made to the Chair that that bill was
not in order; that the committee had no right to
bring in a bill without previous notice, unless the
Senate had committed the business to its charge:
would not that be a question of order for the
Chair?
Mr. STUART. I say to the Senator from
Louisiana, with great respect, but I confess with
great confidence, that it would not; and the Sen-
ator will see that if he seeks to clothe the Presid-
ing Officer of this body with such authority as
that, he puts the whole power of the Senate in
the Chair. The Senate may refuse to consider the
proposition, and, I take it, would refuse to con-
sider the proposition, where there was no dispute
upon the question and a committee had assumed
to report upon a subject that never had been com-
mitted to them. But, sir, the Chair must clearly
be right in the decision he has made on this rule;
the Chair cannot reject a proposition and with-
hold it from the consideration of the Senate, un-
less he finds his authority to do so in the rules of
the Senate. Whether the Senate will consent to
waive this rule and consider a proposition upon
grounds of great public interest, or for any other
reason of ite own, is another question. As a ques-
tion of order, however,' I respectfully submit, I
say it again, with a great deal of confidence, that
the Chair has not only made a correct decision
under the rule, but the only decision which would
be a safe one for the action of the Senate. It is
in order to move to reject this amendment; and in
the case of a bill, as suggested by the Senator
from Louisiana, it would be in order, and un-
doubtedly the best way, to move to lay the bill on
the table for that reason; to postpone it indefi-
nitely, or to do anything else with it not signify-
ing the opinion of the Senate upon the merits of
the bill, but that it was a question brought here
without authority.
Mr. PUGH. 1 do not consider it important that
the rules of order of the Senate should be founded
on the most correct principles; but I doconsiderit
important that they should be uniform, and uni-
formly administered. If this point of order be
well taken, there is not an amendment now put to
the bill in order; not one of the two hundred that
are now probably in the bill is in order; for I will
venture to say that there is not a standing com-
mittee of this body which has reported here, in
the course of the last four days, that has had au-
thority from the Senate, by resolution or petition,
or otherwise, to report on the subject of its amend-
ment.
But, sir, it is remarkable how short the mem-
ories of some Senators are—my friend the Sena-
tor from Arkansas and the Senator from Maine.
It is hardly ten days ago since the Committee on
the District of Columbia, through its chairman,
reported an' amendment to pay John C. Rives
divers sums of money. My friend, the Senator
from Georgia, wanted to know how the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia came in possession
of the subject-matter. It was never committed to
them; it was not even germane to their duties.
He raised the question of order; but the Senator
fiom Arkansas was anxious for the amendment,
and, altogether, the point of order raised by the
Senator from Georgia was put out; for nobody
seconded it. lie stood alone, as he very often
does; he is able, of course, to take care of him-
self, with nobody to second him. I have seen in
the Senate, since I have been a member, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs report an amendment
to an appropriation bill increasing the salary of a
judge, and it has gone upon the bill under this
rule. I can show it in the records of the Senate
since I have been a member. I do not care which
way the rule works; but I want it be be fixed one
way, and stay there. If it is decided that no com-
mittee can report an amendment to an appropria-
tion bill, except where the subject has been spe-
cifically committed to the committee, 1 am ready
to acquiesce; but I want the same law for all cases.
I do not want, when gentlemen are favorable to
an amendment; when they want to pay Mr. Rives
or Air. Rtvcs's reporters 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
will allow me to ask if he has ever raised this point
of order on any case himself?
Mr. PUGII. 1 tell the Senator that the Senator
from Georgia raised it on the very question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 say that he
did not raise it.
Mr. PUGII. My recollection is that he did.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mine is the
contrary; but I ask the Senator from Georgia, be-
cause I say he did not laise it. 1 dispute it.
Mr. PUGII. If I am mistaken, I shall be hap-
py to be corrected.
Mr. TOOMBS. I raised the question of order
on the Committee on the District of Columbia in-
troducing an amendment to pay the reporters. I
raised that point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. State it again.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 objected to the Committee
on the District of Columbia introducing an amend-
ment, by their sanction, to pay the reporters of
the Globe.
Mr. JOHNSON', of Arkansas. You objected
because no committee had brought it in. That
was the objection; and the gentleman who offered
it then said he would have it brought before his
committee, and he would bring it up in that form.
Mr. TOOMBS. The next morning I took the
point of order when they did sanction it, and the
record will show it. Probably the Senator from
Arkansas was not in his seat at the time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The gentleman
from Ohio is veiy complimentary——
Mr. PUGH. That time I was right, surely.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I see, you were;
but I say I urged no portion of it. Another thing
I venture to say; there was no vote taken on that
point of order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think there was; and it was
agaifistme.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senatorfrom
Arkansas will address the Chair, he will give him
an answer.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The recollection of
the Chair is, that the Senator from Georgia ap-
pealed from the decision of the Chair on that oc-
casion, and afterwards withdrew it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is it. The
point has not been decided heretofore; and the
Senator from Ohio speaks, in his complimentary
remarks, of the very short-memory of Senators
here, when he refers back to theae things.
Mr. PUGH. To that case.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Or any other.
Mr. PUGH. That is the case I referred to.
Mr.-JOHNSON, of Arkansas. He speaks of
two hundred cases of amendments offered here,
every one of which was out of order. Can that
be really believed in this body ' Can it be that
there are two hundred amendments now on this
bill, every one of which is out of order, if this
decision be wrong ? I think not. Butthatisno
argument as to the truth or correctness of the
rule at all. I know, from a service of some years
in the other branch of Congress, that daily, on
appropriation bills, questions like this are raised
constantly and decided, and gentlemen who have
came immediately and recently from that body
into this, also are aware of this fact. The juris-
diction of a committee is clearly defined, and
distinctly actcdupon there. Hero, however, the
question is not usually raised. I raise it this time.
1 have never heard a committee asked here, "was
the subject-matter referred to you ?" butlthinkit
necessary to ask it, in order to restrict the oper-
ation of the rule which allows committees to offer
amendments, so as to protect the appropriation
bills from being heavily burdened.
Mr. PUGH. I say again, I have no objection
to any rule the Senate makes. Make the rule,
and I shall promise you, for one, to stand by it.
I do not know anything about the rules of the
House of Representatives; I never had the honor
to be a member of that branch, but I have been a
member of this body for three years; and when I
came, I found this rule establifdied; and I repeat
that at the very first session of which I was a
member of the Senate, I saw the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs report an amend-
ment to increase the salary of the district judge of
California. I asked him the question, how the
committee got jurisdiction? lie said it was the
rule of the Senate that any standing committee
could report any amendment. It was done, and it
went on the bill. I could enumerate twenty other
instances in two or three years. But. the point
of short memory was, that I thought my friend
from Arkansas was in his seat at the time the
Senator from Georgia made that point of order.
I know that Senator was anxious to got that ap-
propriation on the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not even
know what the appropriation was of which the
Senator speaks. i
Mr. PUGH. To enable.Tohn C. Rives to pay
his reporters extra pay.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. On the con-
trary, I was directly against it, and got up and
made remarks here which I thought would con-
clude it, in which I asserted that ho did not want
the appropriation at ail, and it was simply on the
application of the reporters of this body; and I
voted against it in the end.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator is right, my mem-
ory is shorter than his. 1 shall not prolong that.
I leave it to the Senate and the record. 1 think
it is matter of record; and if I am mistaken, I will
take back my assertion; and if he is mistaken, let
him take it back.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Look at the
record for my vote.
Mr. PUGH. I insist the decision of the Chair
is the settled practice; and if the rule now con-
tended for be established, then when the bill shall
cotpe out of Committee of the Whole, I will insist
on knowing, in regard to various amendments,
