1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
-yeas 119, nays 111; as fol-
ia the afiirmativi
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Dennett, Bil-
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, {J ray ton, Baffin toil, Bur-
linganiL', burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chafteu, Chapman,
Ezs.i Claik. Horace F. ('lark, dawson,Claik B. Cochrane,
tJockenll, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragiii, Curtis.,
Uamrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis ot
.Massachu^tts, Davis ot Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
L\itfee,Edic, Engln-h, Famswoitli, Fenton, Foley, Foster,
<JuMiiins,Giliiian,Giliriui,Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Groes-
tn'ck, Giow, Lawtonce VV. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J.
Mmrison Ham*, Tnomas L. Hauls, lla*km, Hickman,
Uoaid, Ilortoii, Howard,Owen Jones, Kellog<|, Kel ey, Kil-
jiorc, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Lawrence, Leach, Loiter,
Lovo]ov, MeKibbin, Samuel S Marshall, Matteson, Mont-
pniin-y'lU organ, Moiriil, Edward Joy Moms, Isaac N.Mor-
Mrf. Fie( in.til II. Moi&e, Olivei A. Morse, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Oini, Pahufi, Paikpr, Pendleton, PetUt, Pike, Pot-
tri. Pottle. PurvMnce, Ricaud, Ritchie, Itoblnns, Roberts,
Ko'vre, Aaiou ^liaw, John Sherman, Jud-on VV. Sherman,
Kobui t Snmh, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart,Tappan,
'il.ayei, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, YVal-
!n ni2c, Waliiion, Walton,Cadwalailei C. Washburn, Elldiu
U. W.Hibuiiit;, iMad Wasdibnrn, Wilson, and Wood—I 19.
N VYS—MtviN AM, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Averv,
Caik-dale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Boyce, Biancli, Biy-
an, IJuraett, Bums, (Jas-kic, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens,
CisM^inin, Cobb, John Cochiane, Corning, James Craig,
Buiion Craiije, Ciawfoni, Currv, Davidson, Davis of Mi*>-
-l.-^ippi, Devvart, Dnniniek, Dowdcll, Edmuwbon, Elliott,
]./U-ti>. F.uilknei, Florence, Garneit,G(irirell. Gillis, Goode,
GiceMwood, Giega, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hugiie>, Huylei, Jackson. Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W.
Jone-?, J. Cllaney-Jones, Kent, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel,
  r, Lnndv, L<'idy, Lctehei, Mdelay, McQueen, Mu^on,
Mavnard, Mile©, Miller, Million, Moore, Niblack, Povton,
Pin'lps, Phillip-, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Ileilly,
Kullin, llu^^elK j^amlidgc, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seai mg,
S'-«vard, I'onrv M i-Muuv, Shorifi, rtickPls, Smgleton, Sam-
uel A. Smith, Wi Hum Smith, Stall worth, StephenSteven -
i-cn. James A St"W,n!, Talbot, Geoige Taylor, Miles Tay-
lor, Tiipps'. U'miI, Waiitn, Wutkms, White, Whitolcv,
Wia-iow. Woodsnn. Wouondyke, Augustus R. Wnght,
John V. Wisght, and Zolhcoftcr—1II,
So the House resolved to adhere to its amend-
ment.
Pending the above call,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, stated that
lie hail paired oil* with Mr. Bowie, who was ab-
sent, and that otherwise be would have voted in
the affirmative.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the House resolved to adherp
to its amendment; and also to lay the motion to
reconsider upon tlie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL AGAIN.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, I desire to move
to reconsider the vote of the House of this morning
hy which the dfficieney bill was rejected.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr BRANCH. I believe 1 have the floor: and
i desire to give notice that, if the vote shall be
reconsidered, I propose to offer the resolution
winch I send to the Clerk's desk.
Toe resolution was read, as follows:
That House bill No. 306 be committed to the
Com arm"1 of Whys and Mean<, w nil notions to icport
m hmi ot it a bill to supply deficiencies in the appiopnation&
Iol [lie iuppoit of the Aimv.
2. A bill to supply delM'iencics m thf appropiiati'ta-> for
?!i" p ivment of officers and others lec-riving an annual «;al-
oiy in the service of the House of Repiesont.tuve-\
A bill to -upply deficiencies in the appiopnations for
mi cHlancouiS lt^ms.
-1 Ab«!l to supply deficiencies in the appreciations for
the c;nnn<^ent luiul of the Iloti^e.
A bill to >u ppiy d<'fii*Miucics m the appropriations for
the mm vice of tlio Po<t Office Dep ntment
f> \ lull making appropuations to pay extra compensa-
tion M clerk- and otiler employe's of the Hou^, underiebO-
lun.j.i- of the la-t Congress; o. to mdemnny the late Clerk,
if he iuw paid said compensation. •
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. ( want to know
in what way this resolution comcs before the
House?
The SPEAKER. As a part of the spcech of
the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr, WASHBURN", of Maine. Does not the
previous question opeiate upon the motion to re-
consider ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question ex-
hausted itself when the result of the vote on the
pa's^niic of tl o hill was announced.
Mr. BRANCH. If. is obvious, Mr. Speaker,
that iho appropriation bill which was rejected by
the House this morning was rejected in conse-
quence of there being single items in it that caused
gentlemen to vote against it who weie in favor of
the main items of the bill.
The resolution of the gentleman from Virginia.
[Mi. Garvett,] which was also rejected this
morning, I have reason to think was not satisfac-
tory to the House because of a supposed difficulty
in executing it. The resolution that 1 propose to
offer, if this vote shall be reconsidered, avoids the
difficulty that was alleged to exist in the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia, by not going
so much into details,, but requiring the committee
to report in each bill the items belonging to each
department of public expenditure. Idonotpro-
pose—as it was supposed that the resolution of
the gentleman from Virginia proposed—to require
the committee to report a bill for each particular
item of appropriation, but only that they shall in-
clude in one bill such items as are congruous to
one another.
I am of the impression, sir, that if the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means should report to this
House, under the instructions that would be given
them by this resolution, a bill to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the support of the
Army, this House, in view of the fact that our
army is now far beyond the frontiers, in the
country of what must be regarded as the public
enemy, that that army has spent the winter there,
that it is short of supplies and can neither receive
supplies, nor advance, nor recede, unless this
House shall appropriate means to enable the De-
partment to supply them—I say, in view of these
facts I believe that this House would not fail to
pass a bill to enable the Government to send for-
ward those supplies.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
to the gentleman from North Carolina that the
very objects designed by my resolution were
identical with those which he stales to be the
objects of his lesolution. I am glad that he has
found language winch expresses those objects
moie clearly than mine did, and I hope the gen-
tlemen of the Ways and Means Committee, if
they really ch-sito to pass the bill, will accept the
resolution of t b<- vviulr.min from North Carolina.
Mr. LETCHER. One woid, Mr. Speaker.
Under the resolution which the gentleman from
North Carolina proposes to introduce, six bills
will have to be reported. How many of them he
will consider deficiency bills I do not know. But
I should be glad to know from him whether, when
one deficiency hill came up for consideration, it
would not be strictly in order to hang on any ot her
deficiency to that by a vole of this House ? What
is to prevent it,sir? Is thereany way of objecting
to it> Here is a deficiency in the appropriations
for the Army. This is a bill to provide not only
for that, but for the deficiency in the Post Oilice
Department, and for any other deficiencies that
may exist in any department of the pubhcsei vice.
Now, sir, when we bnnsj in the first bill which
the gentleman provides for—the one for the defi-
ciency for the Army—why could not this defi-
ciency for the Post Olfice be ingrafted upon it?
Mr. BRANCH. I think I can answer the gen-
tleman from Virginia. I am not an adept in the
rules of this House, hut I believe there is a rule
that requires that no bill pending before the House
siiai! be amended by attaching to it any other bill
pending before the "House. That is one answer
that t make to him. Another is,that if a majority
of the House desire to attach jt, then it is proven
that a majority of this House are determined not
to pass a bill to supply these deficiencies, and the
test can as well be presented m that way as in any
other as to whether the House is willing to pass
a deficiency bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Would it not be strictly in
order, when such a deficiency bill was brought in
here, to move as an amendment to that bill a de-
ficiency for the Post Olfice, recognized as such?
The\SPEAK£R.. Does the gentleman desire
an answer from the Chair?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly, I do.
The SPEAKER.. It is a question which the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union would have to decide when
the bill came up. But if the present occupant of
the Chair was chairman of the Committee of the
"Whole, he would rule out of order any amend-
ment not germane to the bill under consideration.
Mr. LETCHER. Would u not be germane
to a deficiency bill ?
The SPEAKER. Upon a different subject
than thru of the main body of the bill?
Mr LETCHER. Y'.s, s«r.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hold not.
Mr. BRANCH. The ovmlcman ftom Virginia
will perceivc that the Committee of Ways and
Means will be instructed by this resolution, if it
shall pass the House, to present bills for all defi-
ciencies that are alleged to exist. If the commit-
tee present a bill for supplying deficiencies for
the Army, they are at the same time rnstTueted
to present a bill for supplying deficiencies for the
Post Office Department, and the bill for the latter
purpose cannot, as I understand, be attached by
way of amendment to the former.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from North Carolina, I
would suggest to him to modify his proposition,
so as to recommit the bill,<if reconsidered, to the
Committee of Ways and Means, with instructions
to report a deficiency bill confined strictly to de-
ficiencies for the fiscal year ending 30th June.
1853.
Mr, BRANCH. I have done even better than
is proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee. I
propose to instruct the committee to report six
deficiency bills instead of one. By the terms of
the resolution they are required to be deficiency
bills, and they can be nothing else than deficiency
bills.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to this debate, on the
ground that the proposition of the gentleman from
North Carolina is not before the House, and^
therefore, cannot be debated.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsideris
debatable. It opens the merits of the question
| contained within the bill; but the Chair thinks
! that a discussion of the special merits of the res-
I olution which the gentleman proposes to submit
I is not in order.
I Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
| gentleman a question; whether the Committee of
| Ways and Means cannot report these bills with-
' out instiuctions? Why not le^ the bill remain as
j it is, defeated, and let the Committee of Ways
I and Means report as many bills as they choose ?
| They can gather the idea of the House without
j instructions.
| Mr. BRANCH. For the simple reason that I
j presume that a majority of the House desire to
; make these appropriations, or a portion of them.
! The Committee of Ways and Means may choose
: not to report any further bills; and I desire that
this House shall explicitly instruct the Commit-
; tee of Ways and Means to report bills,
i Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to make a sugges-
| tion to the gentleman from North Carolina, with
regard to the phraseology of this resolution m the
I sixth clause. I understand by the phraseology
! adopted there that the Committee of Ways and
; Means is instructed 
! Mr. SEWARD. Is there anything before the
i House to amend? I object to debate.
I Mr. CLEMENS. I am not debating the ques-
j tion, I am merely making a suggestion.
|| Mr. SEWARD. I object,
.j Mr. CLEMENS. Do I understand the gen-
i1 tleman from Georgia to object to my making a
\ - suggestion ?
i Mr. SEWARD. Yes; I object to any amend-
r ment to that which docs not exist.
!i Mr. BRANCH. Then 1 suppose it is in oitier
I! for me to say that, in view of the fact that since
the last meeting of Congress, and since Congress
II has had an opportunity to provide appropriations,
; war has sprung up within our own limits, and aa
i army has been sent there by the Executive, m
; the exercise of a discretion vested in the Execu-
tive by law; this House, I presume, is not pre-
pared to say that the army shall remain in the
mountains of Utah, either to be cut to pieces by
a wild set of fanatics, or starved for want of pro-
visions. And, in particular, Mr. Speaker, I pre-
sume that this House will not sutler the army
thus to be cut to pieces or starved for want of
necessary supplies, in view of the fact that the
War Departmenthas made contracts and expend-
ed money to furnish these supplies, under the
express authority given to that Department by
the act of 1820.
Mr. SEWARD, Will the gentleman yield to
i me ?
! Mr. CLEMENS. I object. Give the gentle-
i man the benefit of his own philosophy,
j Mi, SEWARD. I apptovu of the gentlemaa
1 objecting.
'Mr. BRANCH. Then I hope I will be allowed
i to pirew-d without further interruption. I have
but a few words to aav. 1 wis going on to re-
, mark that there aio items contained m this bill
