460
THE OGMGR136SIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
cutters to board vessels within four leagues of
your coast, is a limitation on your power, notan
extension of it. If we had not a jurisdictional
right beyond the three miles, no act of Congress
could give it. Congress itself cannot increase its
own powers, and yet that is the idea implied by
the question which was asked me. Its powers
are above itself. They come from the people
through the instrumentality of the Constitution;
and whatever we enact must be in subordination
to the Constitution and the powers conferred by
the people through it.
I say then that the power conferred on the
President by the last clause of the eighth sec-
tion of the act is not limited to the jurisdictional
bounds of the United States territory; and if not
limited there how is it limited, and by what? No
limitation is found in the act, and there is none in
the reason of things, except that in the exercise
of the power thus conferred, the President shall
take care not to violate the jurisdictional sover-
eignty of another State. That I admit. Unless
that jurisdictional sovereignty of the other State
has been waived, I suppose it would be ordinarily
a violation of the territory of that State for forces
to be landed there, and the capture of persons
in the condition ofGeneral Walker, effected. But
there are peculiar circumstances in regard to this
capture of General Walker which vary the case.
Jn the first place, General Walker landed on
Punta Arenas,asand-spit, within thejurisdiction-
al limits of Nicaragua, as our Government con-
tends, though we all know that Costa Rica has
claimed that territory for herself; and we know,
too, that Costa Rican troops were in possession
of it for some months prior to this advent of Gen-
eral Walker, and only left it a short time before
he arrived there; and left it, I believe, in conse-
quence of their apprehension of his landing with
his filibusters. Atthetime when Walker arrived
there it was derelict. At all events, at that mo-
ment Nicaragua had neithecactual occupancy,nor
constructive occupancy, nor potential occupancy,
if I may use that term. She had no functionaries
there; she had no troops there; she had 110 means
to maintain her authority; she was ousted of her
authority; and if she was not ousted of her au-
thority befoie Walker got there, she was ousted
of it by him. It was no longer within her pos-
session. Iter rule was not there. Her flag did
not float there to protect or to punish. Our mil-
itary force went there—for what purpose? To do
her an injury ? No, sir. They went there as her
ally; they went there toiler aid ; 1 iiey came to her
assistance. It lias been maintained by pretty high
authority that there is no such violation of terri-
tory by the landing of forces, when their landing
is not for a hostile, but for a friendly purpose,
and to protect the nation on whose territory they
landed from the incursion of those who, as to
them, were to be considered as freebooters and
pirates. What was thQ doctrine of the United
States when our squadron was scouring the West
India seas to putdown the-piracies which prevailed
there in 36:23? Judge Thompson, who was then
Secietaiy of the Navy, instructed Commodore
Porter on that subject, and i beg leave to read his
instructions:
'•PiiatPb art; t on^idercd, by tho law of nations, the enemies
of the hu man race. It t.> tin; duty of all nation-, to put them
down; and none who re poct their own character or in-
terest will relu.se to do it, much less alioid them an asylum
and proiecuon. The nation that makes the greatest exer-
tions to suppress such banditti lnw the greatest wont. In
makmg such exertions it has a rig in to the aid of cveiy
other Potver, to the extent of its means, and to the enjoy-
ment, under its sanction. 01 .ill in rights in tho pursuit of the
object.
•• In the ca^c of belligerents, where the army ot one party
entcis the teunoiy of a ucutial Tower, the army of the other
has a right to follow it there. In the case of piwites, the right
of the armed loiceof one Power to ioilow them into the ter-
ritory ot another, is more complete, fn legaid to pirates,
there id no neutial party, they being the enemies of the
human lace ; ali nations are paiticx against them, and may
be considered as allies- The object "and intention of our
Government is, to respect the feelings as well as the rights
of others, both in «ub-*tanoc and m form, in all the meas-
ures which may be adopted to accomplish the end in view.
Should, therefoic, the ciews of any ve.-se's which you have ,
f=een engaged m acts of pnaey, or which you have ju-t eau^o i
to suspect of being; of that character, retreat into the ports, .
haifaors,, or settled parts of the i-iarid, vou may entei, 111 pur-
suit of them, such ports, haibors and settled pait« ot the ;
country, lor the purpose, of aiding tho local authmities, or f
people, as the case may he, to seize and bring the ofTendeis
to justice, previously givwa notice that this is your sole ob-
ject.
"Where a Government exists, and is felt, you will, in !
ail instances, respect the local authorities and only act m i
aid of and cooperation with them; it being the exclusive
purpose of the United States to suppress piracy, an object
in which all nations .are equally interested; and in the ac-
complishment of which the Spanish authorities and people
will, it is presumed, cordially cooperate with you. tf, in
the pursuit of pirates found at sea, they shall retreat into
the unsettled parts of the islands, or foreign territory, you
are at liberty to pursue them, so long only as there is rea-
sonable prospect of being able to apprehend them; and in
no case are you at 1 iberty to pursue and apprehend any one,
after having been forbidden so to do hy competent author-
ity of the local government. And should you, on such
pursuit, apprehend any pirates on land, you will deliver
them over to the proper authority, to be dealt with accord-
ing to law; and you will furnish such evidence as shall be
in your power to prove the offense alleged against them.
Should the local authorities refuse to receive and prose.cure
such persons so apprehended, on yourfurnishingthem with
reasonahle evidence of their guilt, you will keep them,
safely and securely, on board some of the vessels under
your command, and report, without delay, to this Depart-
ment, the particular circumstances of such cases."
The idea of the Secretary of the Navy in that
dispatch was, that, inasmuch as pirates were not
only enemies of the United States, but of Spain,
in pursuing them upon the shores of the Spanish
islands we were acting as allies of Spain itself,
or at least with no'hostile intent to them, with no
idea of violating their territorial sovereignty, and
therefore we might, m pursuit of them, lawfully
penetrate within the jurisdictional limits of the
Spanish Crown,provided no objection was made
by the Government of Spain, or the local author-
ities. That seems to me to be very similar to this
case.
Here we had Mr. Yrissari before he was re-
ceived as the Minster of Nicaragua, but while he
was in communication with this Government, and
under the authority of his Government accredited
to this, addressing a letter to the Secretary of State
announcing the fact that Walker was "about to
carry on such an expedition, and asking the in-
terference of this Government, by means of its
naval forces in the harbor of San Juan, to repel
this incursion;and in fact Yrissari was recognized
before Commodore Paulding made this descent
on Punta Arenas. We have no separate treaty
of amity with Nicaragua, I believe; but we had
one with Central America when she was part of
that confederacy j and the provisions of that treaty
still subsist, notwithstanding the separation. We
are under a pledge of friendship and amity to Nic-
aragua. That people, through their accreditcd
agent, asked our interference at this very point,
requesting us to put down this expedition by the
use of our naval forces in the harbor of San Juan;
and what we have done is precisely what they
asked us to do. I admit, readily, that Commo-
dore Paulding was without express instructions
from the Navy Department to land. Indeed, I
do not know that he had any other instructions
than the genera! instructions contained in the cir-
cular of the State Department—ratherinsutlicient,
I think, for the circumstances; but Lieutenant
A!my had direct instructions from the Navy De-
partment to repel by force any vessel bringing a
hostile expedition into the port of San Juan, and
I believe he wasdireeted to proceed to other points
to watch out, to look for these invaders, so as to
lepel them. This implied a violation of the tcr-
ritotial sovereignty of Nicaragua quite as much
as the landing of Commodore Paulding on the
sand-spit of Punta Arenas, because the port of San
Juan is as completely within the jurisdiction of
Nicaragua as Punta Arenas, and a shot could not
be fired in the port without violating the territorial
right, unless that territorial right could be con-
sidered as waived.
, Under the circumstances of this case, consider-
ing the application made by the minister, the re-
peated solicitations which have been addressed
to this Government by the authorities of that, to
protect them from such expeditions, I think we
are fairly entitled to consider their territorial sov-
ereignty as waived, and ourselves as permitted
to use force within their territorial limits for the
purpose of repelling such incursions. We were
fully entitled so to regard it, and so we were in
the case ot Commodore Porter and the Spanish
Westlndiaislands. Therefore,when Commodore
Paulding landed, although he went further than !
any orders of his Government authorized him to 1
go, he was only carrying out the purpose of the
Government; he was only executing its just and
lawful objects; he was only doing that which a
high regard for national law required us to author-
ize him to do; and in my opinion,if he has com-
mitted any enor at all, it is not a very " grave"
error. It is the merest fractional error that it is
possible for a naval man to commit under such
circumstances. I admit that technically you may
say he had no right to do this, because he had no
orders to do it; but I rather think the expression
of " grave error" attributed to him by the Pres-
ident in his message, is more the result of the
President's great caution—a somewhat distinctive
feature in his character—than anything like a de-
liberate design to censure Commodore Paulding.
I am very sure he entertains no such design; and
if he does not publicly, I have no doubt that
privately he is gratified that Paulding has taken
this short cut to the settlement of a very difficult
matter.
The other day, when this subject was up, the
honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
alluded to the case of Commodore Porter, and con-
trasted it with the treatment which Commodore
Paulding was receiving. He seemed to think it
was a similar case in all respects. While I think
the case of the pirates which ho was authorized
to pursue into the interior of the Spanish Isles
very much like the authority implied to Commo-
dore Paulding to land at Punta Arenas and cap-
ture the fillibusters there, and who, as to Nicara-
gua, were pirates, though not such as to us, I
believe there is a great difference between the case
under which Commodore Porter was tried and the
case forwhich itis now proposed to censure Com-
modore Paulding. Commodore Porter visited the
town of Foxardo, not in pursuit of pirates, but
to avenge an insult to a lieutenantof his squadron
who had gone to that town some time previously
for the purpose of looking up goods supposed to
have been taken by pirates from Saint Thomas
and lodged there. When he arrived there, he was
treated with indignity by the local authorities,
and put into prison until the close of the day. He
then repaired to the vessel of Commodore Porter
and stated his wrongs.
The commodore, burning with resentment at
this mal-treatment of one of his lieutenants, pro-
ceeded to tho bay of Foxardo, landed a force,
found a battery placed there, as if in opposition
to him, went around the battery, charged it in the
rear, took the guns, spiked them, then marched
a force of two hundred men two miles from the
coast, spiking other guns as he went along; and
finally came to a halt two hundred and fifty or
three hundred yards from the town; sentafiag of
truce in to the alcalde; notified him that if he did
not make the most ample reparation and apology
the consequence would be the destruction of his
town; then compelled an apology, and returned
to his ships. That was his case. That was not
a case of aiding and assisting the Government of
Spain in the pursuit of pirates who had made a
retreat to that place. It was the case of a direct
act of war, initiated by a captain in the Navy, of
his own authority, for the purpose of redressing an
insult oflered to one of his lieutenants. The cases
cannot be compared at all. Captain Porter was a
very gallant man. There were many people who
disapproved of his conduct on that occasion, but
regretted to find that he was suspended from the
Navy, and ultimately he resigned his commission;
but the cases are not in the least parallel.
I come now to the continuation of the remarks
I was making a short time since as to the opera-
tion and extent of the power conferred on the Pres-
ident by the last clause of the act of 1818. Sup-
pose that the President, having given instructions
to his naval commanders to pursue an expedition
of this sort, they should pursue them, chase them
on the high seas, until they arrive at an island in
the neighborhood of their operations, not within
the jurisdiction of any Power at all: docs any
one suppose that if the pirates, thus pursued,
should hind on this unclaimed island the authority
of the naval forces of the United States to cap-
ture them would be at an end? I apprehend not.
I apprehend that wherever they could find th&se
men they would have a right to seize them if they
did not violate the territorial sovereignty of some
other Power. Unless there is some particular
sanctity about a mere spot of land not covered
with water, I apprehend the authority given by
this act would not be checked in that case.
But, sir, the conduct of our own Government in
other cases has evinced a disposition to carry the
authority of the United States under this law still
further, to an extent perhaps to which I could not
even go myself, though with some qualification I
