1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
yield in minor matters for the common good. It
is on that, principle, and in that spirit, that I voted
for the bill this morning; and it is in that spirit
that I appeal to the gentlemen who are friends of
the Administration which demands this appro-
priation of us, to vote for this bill.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman talks about
responsibility for the defeat of this bill. Sir, I
claim to be one of the friends of the Administra-
tion; but I claim, at the same time, the right to
vote here as I think proper. I say that the re-
sponsibility for the defeat of the bill rests not on
the majority of the House who do not like the
bill in us present form, but on those who refused
to permit it to be placed before us in such form
that the majority would like to accept it
Mr. LETCHER. * With the permission of my
friend from Ohio, I will say one word right here.
The proposition was distinctly made, and the vote
distincly taken, on that matter which my col-
league objects to in the third section, on a motion
to strike it out. The motion was rejected in com-
mittee. Even then I told him, and told others in
this House, that so far as that matter was con-
cerned, when the bill came into the House for
final action, I would give them the opportunity
of having the yeas and nays on that section, and
on the others that were objected to. Why was
not that done? Why, sir, because he offered
his resolution and moved the previous question,
thereby depriving me of that privilege without
unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I say, right here, that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garnett] refused
to withdraw his call for the previous question,
when, as a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, I appealed to him to do so in order that
his colleague of that committee [Mr. Letcher]
who had charge of the bill, might put it m such
a position, under the rules, that a vote might be
taken separately on the objectionable propositions
referred to. The responsibility is, therefore, more
particularly upon the distinguished friend of the
Administration from Virginia, [Mr. Garnett,]
than upon any other member.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 am ready to accept any
responsibility which I have incurred to the Ad-
ministration or to anybody else; and I will say to
my colleague, that he knows very well th^t it is
not to that particular item of the bill to which I,
with other gentlemen, objcct. I ask why he did
not report that item in a separate bill? Why, too,
he did not put the civil and diplomatic portion of
it in another bill, and the military part in another?
Why did he not do this as it is done in the annual
appropriation bills? Is it fair and right to ask
members of the House to vote, in one bill, for
things which they dislike, to get those which they
like ? Is it fair to ask them to acccptgood and bad
alike? I know that his object was to defeat the
proposition; I know the object of the gentleman is
to defeat the proposition of the gentleman from
North Carolina, which proposes to recommit this
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, which
is our organ, in order that it may report the bill
in such a form as will express the will and suit
the approbation of a majority of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. One word.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to this discussion.
It is not in order
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I ask that the discus-
sion be kept in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I trust that the gentleman
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. BRANCH. I withdraw it.
Mr. LETCHER. What I want to say is this:
the regular bill has been divided into three parts,
so that objectionable portions might not be forced
upon members of the House. When was that
done ? It was done in the last Congress; and up
to that time all these appropriations had been re-
ported in one bill. We divided it with doubts
expressed here and in the other end of the Cap-
itol, with respect to the propriety of that action.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Garnett] has commented on the action of
the Committee of Ways and Means. I desire
to invite his attention, and the attention of the
House, to the action which was had in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
when this bill svas under consideration. Every
proposition to strike out any portion of it was
voted down by a majority of the committee. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] moved to
strike out so much as related to appropriations
for the Army, and that was defeated by a large
majority. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] moved to strike out so much as proposes to
defray the expenses of surveying the pttblic lands
in California, and that also was voted down by a
large majority. Then the third section, on which
the gentleman has commented so strongly, was
not .stricken out, a large maj(?ht^ voting against
the motion. If the gentleman from Virginia was
opposed to the bill, why did he not propose an
amendment or a substitute, instead of dealing in
speculations and abstract propositions of instruc-
tion to the committee ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GARNETT. Will the gentleman allow
me ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I mast decline to yield the
floor any further. I had no intention of getting
up a family quarrel amongour Democratic friends
over this bill. I rose for the purpose of defining
my own position in regard to it, and of making a
suggestion ortwo.
Now, sir, it is important that this bill, in some
form, should be passed and passed speedily. We
have already provided for volunteer regiments for
the protection of the frontier. It is time they
were on the march. Some means—sinews of war
—must be provided very speedily, or the whole
arrangement prove a practical failure. Without,
therefore, going, further into the discussion, I ex-
press the opinion that the motion to reconsider
ought to prevail and that the bill ought to be put
upon its passage. I will favor a proposition of
that kind, but" will oppose a recommitment to
the Committee of Ways and Means with instruc-
tions.
Mr. GARNETT. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to state a mattoi of fact ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield for that purpose?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I always yield for such
purposes.
Mr. DEAN. Is it in order?
The SPEA KER. Not if objected to.
Mr. DEAN I object.
Mr. GARNETT. It is a personal explanation
that I desire to make as to a question of fact.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman has a
right to make it, if the gentleman from Ohio yield
for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Of course I yield to such
an application.
Mr. GARNETT. I merely wish to say this,
that I moved the previous question on my reso-
lution; but when that resolution was voted down,
then was the time that we could have offered
amendments to the bill itself. And the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] if I mistake not,
then called the previous question, and prevented
the possibility of our doing so.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia 
Mr. BRANCH. I object to any discussion
between these gentlemen 
Mr. PHELPS. Let me make a statement in
relation to the matter of fact. The previous ques-
tion was called by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Garnett,] which extended to the engross-
ment of the bill. Has the gentleman served here
two sessions, and yet does not know that the
previous question extends to the engrossment of
the bill ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to restore peace
on the Democratic side of the House, and must
decline to yield the iloor longer.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garnett]
boasted that he was the friend of this Adminis-
tration, and we all know that he is a \*ery active
supporter of it. I am opposed to the general
policy of the Administration, but am nevertheless
in favor now, as I have been hitherto, of giving
to an Administration to which I am opposed all
reasonable means for carrying on the Govern-
ment. And whilst I will continue to oppose Mr.
Buchanan's party policy, (when I think it wrong,)
I will support the Government, and give by my
vote, when.it is necessary, fair appropriations to
carry on every depaitment of it, on the land or
on the seas.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman yield me
the floor for a moment?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to bring this mat-
ter to a close, but will yield to the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. BURNETT. I am one of those who voted
against the bill. I, too, am a friend of this Ad-
ministration. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] who reported the bill and has it in
charge, seems to find fault with those of his party-
friends who voted against the bill, and says that
it is not his fault that this bill was not amenda-
ble, when it came into the House. Grant it, sir;
but here is the fault which I find with the Com-
mittee of Ways'and Means—that they incorpo-
rated into this bill things which they confessed
here themselves were not deficiencies. What are
they? The two most objectionable features of
the bill—the third section and the clause making
an appropriation to enable Mr. Rives to pay the
reporters for the Globe, were put into this bill,
although it is conceded that they are not deficien-
cies. We have no chance to vote against them,
and we were forced to vote for what we regarded
as a violation of an express law passed by Con-
gress, or else to vote against the whole bill. When
you put that alternative to me, I will vote against
the bill. I am as much in favor of giving the
supplies nccessary to carry on the operations in
Utah, as any gentleman on this floor, and will
vote as cheerfully for a bill for that purpose, as
any other gentleman here.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LETCHER. A word just here. Thege-n-
tleman from Kentucky says that he regards that
third section as no deficiency, and that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had no business to
put it in the bill. The money was voted, a part
of tliese employes have been paid, and there is no
money to pay the others. It does seem to me
that that comes pretty near a deficiency at any
rate, and near enough to be put in this bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. MASON. The President never signed a
a bill voting that money so as to make it a law.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BRANCH. I yielded the floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio as a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and I object now to any fur-
ther discussion out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not desire to go out-
side of the line of legitimate debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will interpose to
prevent an y further discussion out of order.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the Chair will do it.
I object to this discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand the proposi-
tion to be to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was defeated, and that the resolution of the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Branch]
is not before the House. I am discussing the mo-
tion to reconsider. Through courtesy I have
yielded to others, who wander from the question.
The resolution of the gentleman from North Car-
olina is not before us.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not before
the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And it cannot, I presume,
be brought before the House to-day except by
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not so certain
of that. At the present stage of the proceedings
the resolution cannot, as a matter of course, be
brought before the House except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Chair is quite right,
and to restore peace I move the previous question.
Mr. WARREN. The question will be simply
on reconsidering the vote by which the bill was
i defeated ?
[ The SPEAKER. If the previous question be
j sustained, the effect will be to bring the House
to a vote upon the question, " Shall the vote re-
jecting the bill be reconsidered?" If the Htiuse
determines to reconsider that vote, the previous
question will have exhausted itself. There will
then be no question in order except on a motion
to commit the bill, or " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. CURTIS. Under those circun|stances, I
move that the House do now adjourn. It is evi-
, dent that we cannot dispose of the bill to-day.
| Mr. PHELPS. Let the previous question be
seconded first.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
