1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Conference Committee Bill—Mr. Bonham.
Ho. of Reps.
tract. They surrendered the two-thirds vote on
the subject of commerce, and subjected it to the
action of a mere majority, by which they enabled
a northern majority to initiate and establish a
commercial system destructive to the South, and
eminently advantageous to the North; a system
which has secured to the North great cities, mar-
ble palaccs, and gorgeous equipages, resulting
from profits on the labor of the oppressed South
—that South ground into the dust under the op-
eration of this odious commercial system. And
again the South did consent to the ordinance of
1787, and thereby established forever the Oppres-
sive ascendency of the North; bringing into the
present House of Representatives the all-control-
ling force of fifty members. How has the North
performed her part of the contract? How has
she redeemed her plighted faith?
As to representation, it is true we have about
twenty members to represent our interest derived
from slaves ; but as a counterpoise you have
forty-eight from the Virginia grant, exclusive of
the members from Minnesota. As to taxation,
it was intended to establish, in the Constitution,
an equitable rule, apportioning the burdens 6f
Government justly and ratably among the sev-
eral States, cut discarding the policy of direct
taxes, you levy taxes by duties on imports—reg-
ulated by the vote of the numerical northern ma-
jority—and you have infused into the system, as
a governing principle, high duties on commodities
consumed by slaves and the owners of slaves, and
low duties on the commodities consumed by the
inhabitants of what you call free Slates; thus
defeating the object of the Constitution, and in-
flicting on the South a grievous practical oppres-
sion
How have you redeemed your plighted faith
on the subject of the fugitive slave? The pro-
vision of the Constitution is mandatory; its lan-
guage explicit: he " shall be delivered up on
claim of the party to whom such service or labor
may be due. Have you obeyed this mandate?
Have you executed this provision of the Consti-
tution? Have you redeemed your plighted faith,
thus solemnly pledged in the fundamental, sacred
compact of union ? It is notorious that you have
resisted and defeated it. The provision is worth
nothing to the South, nothing to any one citizen
of the South. You have resisted it individually
and collectivcly, socially and politically. You have
resisted it as men and as citizens4, you resisted
it in county meetings, in primary popular assem-
blies, in political clubs, by party organizations,
and by solemn legislative enactments. You have
resisted it by violence, by organized force, by
mobs, even unto battle, death, and murder. The
citizen of the South, engaged in the lawful effort
to recover his own property, has been publicly
and barbarously put to death, and the murderer
has found safety and security in the public sen-
timent of the North, and in lawless combinations
of Abolitionists, Free-Soilers, bullies, and black-
guards.
All this was true, even before the mockery of
compromise to which the South was called upon
to submit in 1850, when the North took all, and
more than all, acquired from Mexico, with the
eighty-two thousand square miles purchased from
Texas; when the North wrested from the south-
ern citizen the right to sell his own property in
the city Of Washington, and slavery itself was
virtually abolished in the District of Columbia.
Forall this, theNorth condescended to vouchsafe
to the South the reenactment of the fugitive slave
law, and the recognition of the doctrine of con-
gressional non-in^rvention; the latter of which
has been metamorphosed into the absurd and mis-
chievous doctrine'of squatter sovereignty by one
political party of the North, and utterly repudi-
ated by the other, or Black Republican party.
The reenactment of the fugitive slave law only
served to afford to the North an opportunity to
reenact the insulting violation of plighted faith,
and to outrage the rights of the South by an utter
disregard of all social, moral, religious, legal,and
constitutional obligation. I salute the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania. Oncemore I com-
mend the poisoned chalice to his lip. Sir, the
charge of breach of plighted faith comes with ill
glace from that side of the House.
KANSAS CONFERENCE COMMITTEE BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. M. L. BONHAM,
of south carolina,
In the House op Representatives,
June 9, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. BONHAM said:
Mr. Chairman: I did not, for various reasons,
participate in the debate on the Kansas Senate
bill; nor did I expect to take part in the discus-
sion of any branch of that question. On the pas-
sage of the -conference bill I moved the previous
question, but forbore to occupy the time of the
House to give my reasons for my vote. Perhaps
I should not have troubled this House at all with
these reasons. But a few days after the passage
of the bill, my honorable colleague [Mr. Boyce]
delivered a speech in reply to the honorable mem-
ber from Mississippi, [Mr. GIttitman,] in whose
view I concurred, and Who and myself alone of
all the southern Democrats stood with the Oppo-
sition on that question. I do not complain of the
course my colleague thought proper to pursue;
but that, with other subsequent events, makes it
due to my constituents as well as to myself, in
my own judgment, that I should ask the indul-
gence of the House whilst I now briefly state
those reasons.
The argument for and against the Senate bill
had been exhausted in a discussion exhibiting a
degree of ability seldom surpassed in these delib-
erative bodies. And I think an impartial posterity
will bear me out when 1 say that the preponder-
ance of the argument was largely in favor of the
advocates of the bill. To my mind it was con-
clusively proved that the constitution of Kansas
had come up to us with all the sanctions requisite
to a valid constitution. The entire Democratic
party, with the President at its head, (the Doug-
las Democrats excepted,) indorsed it. It was
clearly shown, by precedents and sound argument,
that the convention had the right to submit that
constitution to the people for ratification or rejec-
tion, in part, m the whole,or not at all; and in
either event it would be binding on Kansas and ac-
ceptabletous. Thatshe had notthe requisite Fed-
eral population, and was presenting herself with-
out a formal enabling act, might, and ought, under
all the circumstances, to be waived, was conceded
by all—denied by none. It was not questioned that
she would agree to abstain from the exercise of
all right of taxation, and that the extraordinary
claim of seventeen million acres of land over and
above what other States similarly situated had
received, would be abandoned, and the four mil-
lions gladly accepted. The Senate bill was the
embodiment, as was supposed by its advocates,
of all that was useful and needful for her admis-
sion. The Green-Pugh amendment was distaste-
ful to many of us; but to secure unity of action i
among the friends of Kansas, it was acquiesced
in, after some modifications. This amendment
was, however, a concession which btought no
strength to the bill; but, on the contrary, weak-
ened it; for it led the opponents of the bill ro hope
for furthei concessions on a conference upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses. It was,
however, considered by many, that although we
might, in the :-ani>uage of the late lamented Evans,
be " lighting for a shadow, so far as any ultimate ;
good could come to the South;1' nevertheless, we i
were contending for " a pnnciple of vital import- '
ance," namely: the admission of a State wnh a ;
pro-slavery constitution; the importance of which j
principle was enhanced by the fact that such ad- J
mission mi^ht prove—though I do not myself
think such would have been necessaiily the case j
—a barren victory to the South; and that m pro- i
portion as she would gain but little by it, so much i
the greater the wronjr to the South of refusing :
Kansas admission with the Lecompton constitu- ;
tion. i
The passage of the bill was opposed by the 1
Republicans, on the ground of the slavery feature 1
of the constitution. The Douglas Democrats op-
posed it, mainly, as they alleged, on the ground
that the whole constitution was not submitted, j
But I think they deceive themselves. I say it
with respect, as I do not mean to assail the mo-
tives of gentlemen, the force and power of abo-
lition feeling at home unconsciously and imper-
ceptibly operated upon their judgments. The
precedents of the ratification of the Federal Con-
stitution by the thirteen original States, by their
respective conventions alone, without submission
by the people, and the adoption of their State
constitutions, by more than half of the Statos of
this Union, in the same manner, it would seem,
ought to have been sufficient to have determined
this question in the mind of any unbiased person.
The Democratic party, however, with a portion
of southern Americans, were satisfied with the
constitution upon both the slavery clause and the
question of submission, and should, therefore,
have insisted upon the adoption of the Senate
bill. They would ultimately have succeeded.
But if they had failed, then, on the defeated Sen-
ate bill, they would have gone to the country with
a better issue than on the victorious conference
bill.
But, sir, the Senate bill was defeated, and a
conference committee, at the request of the Sen-
ate, was appointed. After many meetings and
much disagreement, they reported the bill, the
merits of which I now propose to consider.
The first objection to the bill is, that it submits
the whole Lecompton constitution back to the
people of Kansas for adoption or rejection, in de-
spite of the declaration of the people, in conven-
tion assembled, that they desired admission, at
once, under that constitution. The first section
of the bill provides that the admission of Kansas
shall be dependenton " the fundamental condition
precedent," that the peopie of Kansas shall ac-
cept a specific proposition contained m six clauses
of the bill respecting lands, taxes,&c. The bill
provides further, that on a majority voting " prop-
osition accepted," ut an election to be held, " the
President of the United States shall announce the
same by proclamation; and thereafter, and with-
out any further proceedings on the part of Con-
gress, the admission oj the Stale of Kansas into the
Union upon an equal footing with the original
States, in all respects whatever, shall be complete
and absolute." Whilst, on the other hand, if
" a majority of the votes cast be for proposition
rejected, it shall be deemed and held that the peo-
ple of Kansas do not desh e admission into the Union
with said constitution, under the condition set forth
in said proposition." And then, regarding the
adoption by Kansas of this last alternative as a
rejection of the constitution, the bill goes on to
authorize the people to form a new constitution.
Does this statement alone not make it palpable to
the plainest understanding that, though not in so
many words, this is virtually a submission of the
constitution? It does not matter whether the
voting be on the la«)d grant,, the taxing power,
&c., or on some totally indifferent question; still,
if the result be that Kansas, with the Lecompton
constitution, would, on the one hand, be admit-
ted, and on the other rejected, bij reason of that
vote, unquestionably the constitution is virtually
submitted back to the people for ratification or re-
jection.
Besides, if it were intended to submit the prop-
ositions growing out of the ordinance alone, why
introduce into the bill the words " admission of
the State of Kansas into the Union," &c., at all ?
Again, the Douglas Democrats, as before stated,
based their opposition to the Senate bill mainly
upon the around of the non-snbmission of the
whole constitution to the people. What other
feature, then, I ask, is in the conference bill that
commended that bill, rather than the Senate bill,
to the support of the English branch of the Douglas
Democrats? Surely not that feature which pro-
poses to admit Kan as under the Lecompton con-
sti tut ion, upon 'he people, at the approaching Au-
gust election, giving a majority for " proposition
accepted;" but if, on thf4 contrary, they should
give a majority for " proposition rejecte'd," pro-
poses to keep them out mdi finitely.
But, sir,as to the constiuction which the Eng-
lish branch of the Douglas Democrats place on
this bill, we are not l-'fc to inference alone. " The
naked and unqualified admission of Kansas under
the Lecompton consututiou,"said Air. English,
