1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I see a great many
vacant seats here, and as members would like to
have an opportunity of voting on the motion to
reconsider, I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday ■ Jlpril 9, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. G. W. Bassett.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NAMES OF VESSELS CHANGED.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to
a resolution of the House of Representatives of
March 16, 1858, calling for information as to the
number of vessels whose names have been changed
under the act of March 5, 1856.
Mr. COMINS. 1 move that the communica-
tion be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
It was so ordered.
A MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was leceived from the Senate by Mr.
Hickky, their Chief Clerk, notifying the House
tlint that body had agreed to the amendment of
tiie House to the resolution of the Senate, (No.
4,) to extend the operation of an act approved
July in, 1857, entitled " An act to amend an act
entitled ' An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy;'" and also, that^the President had an-
nounced to the Senate that he had Approved and
signed tile following bill and resolution:
An act (S. No. 17G) to acquire certain lands
needed for the Washington aqueduct in the Dis-
tiict of Columbia.
A joint resolution (S. No. 2-i) authorizing Lieu-
tenant .Tellers to accept a sword of honor from
her Majesty (he Q,ueon of Spain.
NATfONAL FOUNDERY.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 ask die unanimous con-
sent of tho House to permit me to introduce, for
rcfeienceto the Committee on Military AlFau-s,
a bill, of which previous notice has been given, to
establish a national foundery for the fabrication
of cannon for the use of the Army and Navy of
the United States.
Mr. WASH BURN E, of Illinois. Let the bill
be read. 1 want to know at what point the found-
ery is to be established.
Mr. LEITEli. I object without its being read.
ABSENTEE ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
ti o n ;
li'-.'olt o!n That the S ><>! i-m v <>' War be requited to in
hum tln.s llou-e how ui wiy oihee:-, oi the Atiuv are now
alwitlioiu flfir [>'?-t-> oi iiun,aml are ;u tins feat oi the
FedeMl Go\ ei iimeiif , iuiti i-nw ui im\ , li'aiiy, sue claiming
to hold cm! office-, bv eieelni i in otln iwi^e.
Mr. GAR PRELL objected.
THE KANE ARCTIC EXPEDITION.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to pay to
the ofHceis and men of the expedition of Dr. Eli-
sha Kent Kane to the Arctic seas, in search of
Sir John Franklin, the same rate of pay that was
allowed to the officers and seamen of the expedi-
tion under Lieutenant De Haven.
Mi.. GARNETT objected.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the motion to reconsider the vote by
which House bill No. 3U6, to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the services of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1858, was rejected.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bi;i.
Mr. BRANCH. Is debate in order?
The ^15EAKELl. Debate is in order.
Wr BRANCH. 1 desire, Mr. Speaker, to make
a few remuiks before tins bill shall be put upon its
passage. I shall detain the House but for a few
minutes, if I am allowed to proceed without inter-
ruption; and before yielding the floor—as I pro-
pose to call the previous question—I shall give an
opportunity to gentlemen who maydesire to ask
me questions. Bat, in the mean time, I beg gen-
tlemen not to interrupt me; but let me proceed in
my own way, and according to my own order.
In this way time will be saved, and 1 will be able
to present my vte&s more satisfactorily to the
House.
Mr. Speaker, m the remarks that I shall make
in relation to this bill, I desire it to be understood
that the Administration now in power, and through
our friendship to which we have been appealed to
to pass this bill, is the Administration of my
choice. Not only its head, but the Cabinet by
which that head is surrounded, met, at the time
of their appointment, my approbation, and I have
seen nothing since to. dimmish the confidence
which I have, either in the head or in the mem-
bers of the Cabinet. But while 1 say that, I de-
sire it to be understood distinctly that I stand on
this floor, not to cany out, without question or
consideration, the recommendation of any Depart-
ment of the Government; nor to receive the edicts
that may be sent down to us by others as law
which we dure not question or inquire into except
on pain of being considered as wanting confidence
in the Administration.
I am as much a friend of the Administration as
any gentleman on this door: but here is a measure
pending which it is the duty of the representa-
tives of the people to look into and consulcr care-
fully before they adopt it. And, sir, in the re-
mark*; which I shall make, if I find fault with
practices which 1 imagine prevail in the Govern-
ment, and which ought not to prevail, I do not
wish to be understood as censuring this Admin-
istration; for I know that in many instances they
arc practices which have come down fiom Ad-
ministrations winch have preceded the one now
in power.
Mr. Speaker, much has been said, in the com se
of the d< bate upon this bill, against deficiency
bills. I believe that no gentleman has, as yet,
announced the opinion which 1 entertain, and now
feailessly express—that so far from deficiency
bills, of a proper character, and under proper
guards, being open to censure, they are, on the
contrary, one of the most, powerful means in the
hands of Congress to insure economy of expend-
iture in the Executive Departments. I do not ob-
ject to deficiency bills when deficiency bills are
proper; that is, when, in the judgment of Con-
gress, there has not been an extravagance of
expenditure on the part of the Executive Depart-
ments, nor a disregard of the requirements of
law.
Suppose you allow it to be understood in the
Executive Departments that the estimates made
I at the commencement of a fiscal year—or rather,
as is the practice, a year in advance of the time
when the money is to be expended—are to be final
and conclusive on the Departments: is it not ob-
vious that the Executive Depai tments, under that
pressure, will take care to estimate largely enough
to piovule ngainst all chance of the expenditures
exceeding the amount appropriated? The esti-
mates submitted under sue h an understanding will
be larger even than the Executive Departments
themselves might think necessary for the public
service. On the other hand, if you allow it to be
understood that if they will curtail their estimates,
submit them at the lowest possible point, and hon-
estly attempt to carry on the Government under
those estimates, then, if they should need more
money, Congress will vote it to them, there will
be a better opportunity of securing economical
estimates from the Treasury Department, Hence
I do not object, m the terms used by gentlemen
m this debate, against deficiency bills. Whenever
a bill is presented that appeal s proper, and when
it appears also that the Executive Departments
have made honest dibits to keep within the ap-
propriations made by Congress, and have been
unable to do so, I am willing to giant it. I am
not willing to see Congress establish a precedent
that the Depai tments inu.-st stand by their original
estimates; and (hot under no circumstances shall j
tiiey have an additional appropriation; because, j
if you do, the effect will be inevitable th.it th" ex- ■
ccutive othcers will mil:#* fxt-vve.-uimates, 1
in order liuit they may not be cuppied.
So much for deficiency bills in general. Now,
Mr. Speaker, in regard to this deficiency bill
■which is pending. It consists of several items
for the different branches of the public service,
differing not only in the magnitude of the amounts,
but in the pressure of the necessity which calls
for them. Much the largest part of this bill ap-
propriates money to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the Army. 1 admit that the ex-
penditures on account of the Army have reached
such a point that I have no hesitation in saying,
on my responsibility as a Representative of the
people, that they are monstrous, and entirely un-
justified. I cast no censure on any particular
Administration, or any particular bureau of the
Government; fori have not the requisite inform-
ation to state certainly where censure belongs. I
| do say, however, without hesitation, that, in my
j judgment, the expenditures for the Army of the
j United States have almost reached a point at which
| the country will rise up and demand retrenchment
\ and reform in that particular at least. TheExec-
I utive Departments arc not censurable for all the
items in this bill which look so laige. Many of
them arc under the control of Congress. Some
arise out of the former action of Congress. Let
us look at the expenditures. A large part p.rows
out of the necessity of sending an army to Utah.
That necessity was not foreseen when the Execu-
tive Departments made their estimates of appro-
priations for the current year. A former Congress,
; in view of the circumstances which might render
| it necessaiy on the part of that Department to
! exceed the appropriation,, expressly authorized
! the Secretary of War to make contracts and pro-
; vide for the wants of the Army in anticipation of
| appropriations. So far, then, as these appropna-
! tions under the head of deficiencies for the Army
are concerned, they are for money expended m
pursuance of the law of 3850.
Much, sir, has been said by gentlemen on the
other side m legaid to the sending of an army to
Utah; and the Committee on Territories have
been mteirogated repeatedly to know why they
have not reported under a resolution rofened to
them, to inquire into the state of affairs in Utah.
I cannot sny whether rebellion exists in Utah or
not; but I know that this House, at an early dny,
passed, a resolution expressly declaring that the
Territory of Utah was m a state of rebellion
against the United States Government. What-
ever may have been my opinion at that time, i
believe now that that lesolution expresses the
tiuth. That resolution, too, was voted for by a
number of gentlemen on the other side of the
llou-e.
Now, I ask, if they thus declared, not only to
the country, but to the President, that Utah is in
a state of rebellion, and if they declared the truth,
what excuse could the President make for a fail-
ure to use the means placed within his power to
teduce the rcbuls of Utah to subjection ? But m
addition to that, the Constitution and laws of the
United States invested the Executive with power
to declare where the troops should be stationed.
In the exercise of that discretion he has de-
termined to establish posts in the Territory of
Utah. Js it proper for this House, even if it had
not declared, at a former day, that Utah was in a
state of rebellion, to undertake to control the dis-
cretion of the President as regards the position in
which the troops shall be placed ?
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. BRANCH. I made an express request at
the outset that no gentleman would intenupt me.
If the gentleman will wait until I am through, I
will give him an opportunity.
Mr. Speaker, do gentlemen intend—do they
think it comports with their duties as legislators
and statesmen, when they themselves have de-
clared that a Territory of this Union is in a state
of rebellion—to turn round and refuse to furnish
the President the means of suppressing that re-
bellion?
But aside from the war in Utah, there are other
causes of a very large expenditure for our Army,
to which I will briefly call the attention of tho
House, and those causes are dependent on the
action of Congress. In my opinion, this mon-
strous expenditure of the Army results mainly
from a practice that has grown up of late yeais,
and winch ought to be corrected by the Executive,
and il the Executive fails to correct it, it ought
