462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
so long as he shall, by his constitutional obliga-
tion to see that the laws be faithfully executed, be
bound to prevent the setting; on foot, and carrying
on, any military expedition against a State with
which we arc at pcacc. But I believe the policy
to be suicidal which deprives us at all times, and
under all circumstances, of the faculty to aid the
struggles of oppressed and sufferingcommunities
against the despotism of their rulers. I cannot
refrain, however, from saying that, while I utter-
ly disapprove of Commodore Paulding's course,
and think that he should not be retained in his
very delicate and responsible command, I have
not the slightest sympathy with Walker's late
movement, or his future purposes. Were his ob-
ject a good one, and his intended means of attain-
ing it lawful, I consider him as altogether unfit for
its successful consummation. In my opinion, he
has no one requisite for his self-imposed mission
of regenerating Central America; he is neither a
good soldier nor a prudent administrator. His
former expedition abundantly demonstrates his
glaring incapacity alike in the Held and the cab-
inet.
With these very brief observations, I ask that
the report of the Committee un Foreign Relations
be taken up informally, merely for the purpose of
allowing me to submit the proposition to which I
have alluded. I presume there will be no objec-
tion to that on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BELL. I ask the honorable Senator when
he proposes to resume the discussion of this sub-
ject?
Mr. SLiDELL. I propose now to move that
this resolution lie on the table, and let the whole
matter come up on the day fixed for its consider-
ation at the instance of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations—Tuesday next, 1
think.
Mr. MASON. Ey a vote of the Senate, the
report of the committee, with the resolutions and
accompanying bill, have been made the order of
the day for the 9th of February, which is next
Tuesday week. I suppose any motion made by
the honorable Senator from Louisiana will cor-
respond with that.
Mr. SLIDELL. I thought it was the coming
Tuesday.
Mr. MASON". No, sir, Tuesday week. I was
induced to lay it over until that day at the instance
of gentlemen interested m oilier special orders.
Air. SLIDELL. I should, myself, prefer to
have a vote, in the first instance, on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion before the Senate.
Mr. DELL. 1 think the proposed postpone-
ment is to a very late day, considering that we
have had a pretty full argument on one side of
this question, if not on the other. I should hope
that some earlier day than Tuesday week would
be acceptablc to the Senate for resuming the dis-
cussion. I shall not, however, be obstinate about
the time. U is a subject which requires some
further discussion, and I hope that the debate
will be resumed at an early day.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suppose the day fixed was
agreed upon as the earliest day on which the Sen-
ate could consider the question.
Mi. MASON. That is the fact. It was put
off to that day with reference to the business
already ananged forthe convenience of Senators.
I put it off to that day because we should have a
bettor opportunity then of getting at it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I presume there will be no
objection to taking up informally the report of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, so as to en-
able me to present my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi to the joint resolution; but, by unan-
im >us consent, the proposition of the Senator from
Louisiana will be received and read for informa-
tion.
Mr. HALE. It suems to me that if no one
else wishes to speak on t he particular proposition
pending before the Senate, we may as well take
the vote and dispose of it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I merely ask that my propo-
sition may be read for information, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. SLiDELL. 1 propose, when the report
of the Committee on Foreign Relations shall come
up for consideration, to move, as a substitute for
the resolutions reported by the committee, the
following:
Resolved, That it is expedient that the President of the
United States be authorized duiin? any future recess of
Congress to suspend by proclamation, either wholly or par-
tially, the operation ot un act entitled " An act m addition
to the act for the punishment of certain crimes against the
United States, and to icpeal the acts therein mentioned,"
approved the 20th of April, 1818, and of an act entitled -"An
act in addition to the act for the punishment ofcertam crimes
agnmst the United States," approved the 5th of June, 1794,
should, in his opinion, the public interests require such total
or partial suspension; such suspension not to exceed the
period of twelve months, and the causca which &hall have
induced the President to proclaim n to be communicated to
Congress immediately on its first meeting thereafter.
Resolved, That the Committee on Foieign Relations be
instructed to bung in a bill in conformity with the toregoing
resolution.
I move that this proposition be ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi
to the joint resolution.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this question to the-same day and
hour fixed for the consideration of the report of
the committee, Tuesday, the 9th of February, at
one o'clock, when the whole matter can come up
together.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senate now to take
up the bill for the admission of Minnesota into
the Union, so that it may be the unfinished busi-
ness at the next meeting.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senate will not agree
to that. The unfinished business before the Sen-
ate is the bill which has been under discussion
the last two days, this being the third day, and I
hope we shall conclude that subject before we enter
upon another. I supposed that when the debate
on the resolution which was pending providing
for granting a medal to Commodore Paulding had
been concluded, we were to resume the considera-
tion of the Army bill. 1 think that bill has pri-
ority of right in the order of business, and I hope
the Senate will not reverse the ordinary rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senate will take up
the Minnesota bill, and assign a special day for
its consideration, my object will be accomplished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The recollection
of the Chair is that the Army bill was not post-
poned until to-morrow, but postponed for the
present, to enable the joint resolution, on which
the Senator from Maryland had the floor, to be
considered, and the bill now comes up before the
Senate as a matter of course.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does the Chair decide that
the bill providing for the increase of the Army is
now before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I shall not make my
motion until we get through with that bill.
Mr. GREEN. I think it proper to notify the
Senator from Illinois, that one of our colleagues,
the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick,]
is too unwell to be in his seat, and I know he
takes a great interest in the bill to which the Sen-
ator from Illinois has referred, and I should not
like to have it made a special order for any par-
ticular time in his absencc.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand that he will be
here to-morrow. That will obviate the objection.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Orda cd, That when the rfonate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business be-
fore the Senate is the bill (S. No. 79) to increase
the military establishment of the United States.
That bill is before the Senate as m Committee of
the Whole; the question being on the motion of
the Senator from Georgia, to strike out the first
section.
Mr. STUART. When I moved this morning
to lay this bill aside, in order to allow the Senator
from Maryland to proceed with Ins remarks on
another subject. I indicated a disposition to say
j something on this bill, before taking the vote. I
! do not care to say what I have to say before the
: vote is taken on the pending amendment, if there
is any disposition on the part of the Senate to dis-
pose of the amendment now. [" Go on !"] In
the first place, I desire—for it is proper in regard
to this subject—to correct an impression that was
sought to be made by the honorable Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] in regard to the power
of the President of the United States to use the
troops in support of the civil authority. I think
it is proper to notice that, because that is one of
the reasons assigned in debate, and so far as we
have a right to infer, it is one of the reasons which
has governed the President in asking for an in-
crease of the Army. I think there is a misappre-
hension, to some extent, both of the Constitution
and the law on this point. The fourth section of
the fourth article of the Constitution provides
that:
•' The United States shall guaranty to every State m this
Union a republican form of government, and shall protect
cacli of tnem against invasion ; and on application of the
Legislature, or of the Executive, (when the Legislature
cannot be convened.) against domestic violence."
It is true, there is no reference in this clause of
the Constitution to Territories, and it is equally
true that, in that provision of the Constitution
requiring the return of fugitive slaves or persons
owing service in one State escaping into another,
there is nothing said in regard to the Territories.
The provision of the Constitution is, that a per-
son owing service in one State escaping into an-
other, shall not be discharged from that service
by the effect of that act, but upon demand shall
be returned; and yet the very first law that was
passed by Congress under that provision of the
Constitution of the United States embraced Ter-
ritories. So the law of Congress in regard to the
action to be had in cases of domestic violence
embraces Territories, and from the very necessity
of the case. Take the instance of the return of
fugitives: the operation of the Constitution would
he entirely defeated if they were not to be returned
from a Territory. Take the case of domestic
violence: the clause of the Constitution which I
have just read cannot be carried out if domestic
violence be permitted in a Territory, withoutany
power to suppress it. Hence legislation has but
followed the object of the Constitution itself upon
these subjects in placing the Territories upon pre-
cisely the same footing as the States.
In regard to the construction of the law con-
tended for by the Senator from Maine, I desire
only to say to him and to the Senate this: The
first act, the act of 1792, provided for calling out
the militia to carry out the provisions of the Con-
stitution—that is, to suppress domestic violence
in States; and that act described the circum-
stances under which the President should have au-
thority to call out the militia. The effect of the
later act of 1807 is to provide that under the same
circumstances existing in a State or in a Teiritory,
the President may call out the regular troops.
That is the construction. The Senator from
Maine, I think, commits an on or when he sup-
poses that the latter act is limited like the former
to States. The object was to embrace Territories,
and to declare that m the Slates and in the Ter-
ritories the regular troops, like the militia, might
be called out. So much for that point.
Now, sir, what is the condition of things in re-
gard to Utah? I think this point has been per-
haps rather lightly passed over. The President
of the United States has authority to send troops
to Utah if the Legislature, when in session, or the
Governor of the Territory m the recess of the
Legislature, says to him that they are necessary
in order to suppress domestic violence of any
character. I am not going to assume that the Pres-
ident has sent troops toward that far distant Ter-
ritory without havmgsuOicicnt authority. I take
it lor granted that he has the authority; and until
the contrary be shown, on his recommendations
I am prepared to meet the emergency. Tie says,
and the Secretary of War also says, that an addi-
tional force is necessary. They describe the char-
acter of the force which they need, and the mode
in which it is to be raised; and but for the fact that
the Senate Committee on Military Affairs has,
after full consideration, reported a different mode
of increase, I should have agreed with the Presi-
dent and Secretary, and voted the additional regi-
ments. I am fiue to say that when a subject is
referred to a committee of this body, there con-
sidered and investigated, I deem it safer in all
cases to follow its recommendations unless my
own convictions are clear against their conclu-
