1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. By instruction of the (Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, I offer this amendment:
Jlad be it further enacted, That when, in the absentee of
a seeretaiy of iegation at OonstantmopJe, who dischaiges
the duty of dragoman, or in hke manner when there is no
dtagosnati at tliat mission, the consul, or consul general, of
the United States shall act as dragoman, he shall receive
the compensation now pjovided bylaw for a drdgoman,
and for such time as he shall act as such.
The condition of things to which the amend-
ment looks is this: the mission at Constantino-
ple consists of a minister resident, a secretary of
legation, and a dragoman, the dragoman being
the interpreter; it is necessary that the dragoman
should understand not only the Turkish language,
but the Italian certainly, and if practicable the
French language, as well as his own. Heretofore
we had at Constantinople, a gentleman named
Brown, who was thus accomplished. He was the
dragoman j and acted as such for a series of years.
Recently, probably some twelve months ago, Mr.
Brown was appointed consul general, and since
then there has not been at that mission cither
a secretary of legation or a dragoman—no drago-
man, because they cannot find a competent man-,
and a secretary of legation, it appears, was no tap-
pointed,from the desire to combine the two offices,
as the law had provided; and thus for some time,
1 know, while the last minister was there, as at
present, there was neither secretary of legation
nor dragoman. The existing law provides that
when the secretary .of legation discharges the du-
ties of dragoman, he shall receive the compensa-
tion of dragoman as well as his own. The com-
pensation of dragoman is $1,01)0. It has thus
resulted that the consul general, Brown, the fcumer
dragoman, has been, from necessity, discharging
the duties of dragoman, and the law does notau- ,
thonze him to receive the compensation of du-tgo-
man, which is but ^1,000. 3 have a letter from 1
the present.minister there, ?vlr. Williams, who !
states these facts. They were known to me from j
correspondence with the former minister and with !
Mr. Brown. The effect of the amendment only j
is to authorize the consul general, when he acts j
as dragoman, to receive the compensation now j
provided for the dragoman; as the law does pro- !
vide th&t, if these duties were discharged by the j
secretary, the secretary should receive the com- j
pensation. Theie is no appropriation of couise, ;
but the amendment dnects the application of an ;
existing salary. j
Mr. EESSENDEN. I do not know that I have :
any sort of opposition to this* amendment, but I ,
wish to nndei stand it. I happened to be looking I
over a list of tiiese officers the other day, and I :
found that Mr. Drown, at Constantinople held
four offices, for all of which he was paid, making ;
the whole pay he received, $6,000. j
Mr. MAsON. Can you enumerate them ? j
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot; but I think one
was consul, anothei dragoman, another commis- j
sioner, or something of that soit, and another !
dragoman to the commissioner; lie was his own j
dragoman m both cases, and received £G,(JOO, ac- j
cording to that list. J,t is a little list I saw in the i
hand of one of the Representatives, giving an ac-
count of our ministers and consuls, and what they '
received. These four offices at Constantinople ;
were put down to Mr. Browr, who was his own *
interpreter m two different offices; and for being
his own interpreter in those two different offices,
received two separate salaries, making $0,000 in 1
the whole. I should like to have an explana-
tion of what this amendment is calculated to ef- ,
*LMr. MASON. I do not know to what the Sen- 1
atnr refers, but I do know that the only office held
by Mr. Brown at Constantinople is the office oi .
consul general. The law provides for the office
of*uiu"\>man and for the office of secretary of le-
gation? and thoiaw further provides, that when ,
the secretary of legation discharges the duties of,
dragoman, lie shaft rcceive the same coripensa- j
tioii^that the diagoman would receive if he were '
an independent officer; but, as 1 have said, tnere
being no dragoman, and there being no secretary
of legation, Mr. Brown, who was iormeiiy drag- .
omen, mid who is now the consul general, has
been discharging the duties of dragoman. I am ,
not aware of"what compensation lias been made .
to him. I learned, by a conversation recently with
the Secretary of State, that Mr. Brown had, in
fact, discharged the duties of dragoman from the
necessity of the case. A letter from the present
minister, Mr. Williams, who recently arrived
there, states that he found the mission without a
dragoman; and found that Mr. Brown had been
discharging the duties of that office for his prede-
cessor; and, at his request, Mr. Biown continued
to discharge them.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. I will say to the Senator
that Uookcd over the list carefully, and I was
struck by the appearance of it. I cannot say that
it was an official paper, but it was a printed paper
in which I saw all these offices drawn out. Where
it came from, I do not know; and I will not un-
dertake to vouch for it. I should, of course, take
the statements of the Senator from Virginia, from
his sources of information, as much more enti-
tled to confidence.
Mr. MASON. I think I can explain the mat-
tor. I was going on to state that the Secretary of
State, in conversation (he other day, speaking of
this state of things, said it seemed to be right—
it certainly was just—that Mr. Brown, who dis-
charged the duties of dragoman, should receive
the compensation provided bylaw for the drago-
man; but, according to m.y recollection, said it had
not yet been determined by the accounting offi-
cers, or by the proper authorities, whether it was
coisMp^nt to give it to linn without a provision of
law. What has been done in the premises, I do
not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would ask, what is the
necessity of an interpreter to a gentleman who
is peifeetly competent to interpret for himself?
The only loason for having an interpreter con-
nected with the mission, 1 suppose, is because he j
is needed on account of the individual who per-
forms the service of minister. Now the minister
is perfectly competent; and why should we pay
him a salary as minister and consul, and also ;
pay him for interpreting his own communica-
tions, whatever they may be ?
Mi. MASON. The criticism of the Senator
would be perfectly just if Brown were the min-
ister.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so stated in that
paper.
Mr. MASON. I do not know anythingabout
the papei; but I say again, the only office held by
Mr. Bxown js that of consul geneial. The min-
ister is Mr. Williams. If it should happen, and
doubtless itwould happen, that Mr. Brown would
be obliged to avail himself of his attainments m
the Turkish language in the discharge of his office
as consul general, of course he is not to be com-
pensated for that. That is very true. But if, in
addition to the office of consul general, he dis-
charges the office of dragoman to the minister,
the amendment I propose merely says that he
shall then «tand in the same rc Luton to the com-
pensation of the dragoman that the secretary of
legation would have stood if there was any sec-
retary of legation. The effect of it will be that
he will receive the compensation of diagoman m
the absence of a secretary of legation who is com-
petent to discharge the duties of dragoman, or in
the absence of a dragoman, when there is a sec-
retary of legation who is not competent to dis-
charge them. It will direct only the application
of the compensation of dragoman when theie is
no such officer theie to discharge the duties.
Mr. KIN(J. I think there i^ objection to this
provision on another ground. The distribution of
these offices into the nanus of different persons,
furnishes to our citizensabioad, and to our inter-
ests there, the opportunity of more than one per-
son to look after them; and I know that m the
case of this Mr. Brown, coniplamtbas existed. It
comes under my own obsei vation from an exten-
sive slnp-builuer m Brooklyn, who went out to
Constantinople to construct vessels for the Sul-
tan, and who complained that his interests were
not properly attended to by our representatives
abroad, and who obtained from the Department
a letter in relation to them, which hns gone out. I
speak of' it incidentally in this matter. His state-
ment was that Mr. Brown, who understands the
Turkish language, is the principal man there; and,
as interpreter, has the chief management ot our
affairs there, with our present minister, as well
as all others. I think that the provision of law
which distributes these officers, had better be
carried out universally, rather than heap the dis7
charge of all their duties on a single individual,
and give him the salary of ali. 1 should oppose
it on that ground also. I know nothing specially
of Mr. Brown except in this particular instance;
but if there is a provision for a dragoman, I
should prefer that a dragoman should be ap-
pointed.
Mr. MASON. The amendment does not in
the slightest degree interfere with the existing
law. The existing law provides for the appoint-
ment of a dragoman at $1,000. Mr. Brown filled
that office until he was appointed consul general.
The office is now vacant; but if the honorable
Senator can find any man who is competent to fill
that office from his attainments in the eastern lan-
guages, and has other qualifications, and withal
belongs to the right political complexion, doubt-
less he would not only receive the appointment,
but the Administration would be very giad to have
him. But the amendment provides that in the
absence of such an officer, the officer who dis-
charges the duties shall receive the compensation.
It is but $1,000. As to what the Senator may
have heard of complaints of Mr. Brown, I know
very well that Senator would prefer no complaint
unless he knew it to be properly founded. Of the
particular instance I know nothing, nor have I
the good fortune of a personal acquaintance with
Mr. Brown; but I do know, that not only has he
had the confidence of the Department of State in
the successive administration of that Department
for years past, but of all our ministers who have
been there, three or four in number, within the
last eight or ten years, and m every instance
where Mr. Brown has been brought into personal
or official communication with any individual or
official personage of our Government, they have
spoken of him always in terms of respect and
confidence, and of his zeal, ability, and diligence
in the dischaige of his office. That is the char-
acter he bears.
Mr. KING. The case I refer to is that of a
Mr. John lleese, a stranger to me, but who sent
a communication here* stating that while at Con-
stantinople he was unable to procure a proper un-
derstanding of his claim, as he alleged, owing to
some prejudices or difficulties existing between
him and Mr. Brown. I have no disposition to
make any general complaint, or any charge
against Mr. Biown, fori do not know him or any-
thing about him, except in this case. I take it
this proposition originates in the idea of having
Mr. Brown discharge all these duties; and if he
obtains the salary, whatever of influence he or his
friends have will be exerted to prevent the ap-
pointment of another person. Although I have
no person to recommend, I have no doubt one
can be found. The reasons winch I have sug-
gested are those which will influence me to vote
against conferring all these offices, with their sal-
aries, on one individual.
The question being put, the " noes" appeared
to prevail.
Mr. MASON. I hope the amendment will b<3
adopted. 1 call for a division.
Mr. ICING. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The ve?s and nays were ordered.
Mr. M. As was verfnatural, I saw that
the attention of the Senate was notdirf cted to this
matter; and 1 have to sny, in a single word, that
the effect of the amendment is only to allow the
consul general to rcceive the £>1,000 a year pro-
vided for the dragoman, when he acts as drago-
man or interpreter to the mission—the existing
1 uv providing that when the secretary of legation
discharges the duty he shall receive it, and the
facts being that there is no secretary or legation
and no diagoman there. 'J hat is the whole
case.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas S3, nays J3; as Jollows :
YEAS—Mu*,rs. Allen, Hell, fluujamin, Digler,, Brisln,
Biodenck, Biown, Clay. <\>llainei, Davi-, Di.va, Doolutle,
Fes^endeu, Tool, Fo-tei. Hammond, i'ailan. iiayne, iiun-
h>r, hvr^ou, Koimedv, Mailoi), Polk, hew-
a>d, rfunaiim!-, tfhdoll, >Stuart, Tnonuou oi a<-w Jeisey,
Tonmb \ Wade, and Wntfbt—33-
NAYT*?—Chandler, Cnnjiman, Fitch. F uzpatnek,
Hale, lion-tori, Johnson ol' Ark.ui-a*, John on ol T<-nnes-
scc, King, Koid, Sebastian, Trumbull, and Yuicu—13.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to offer an amend-
