1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho. of Reps.
• I think these measures should be fairly can-
vassed 5 in order that the South- shall clearly com-
prehend them, and realize the complexion of her
•provable future. /But she can now make no issue
upon them with the North, nor can the making
of su<fo issues at the South be productive of any
good there." Moreover, much as I dislike the meas-
ure, I have .no words of complaint against those
.who felt it.their- duty to support the conference
bill. They are asUeeply interested in, and as true
to, the interests of tjhe South as I; and probably
better judges of her best policy. This whole
Kansas controversy but exhibits the difference of
opinion which will exist among gentlemen who
look with equal solicitude to the welfare of their
section.
The conference bill is now the law of the land.
The South is in the Union with no issue before
the country tending to its immediate dissolution.
Her policy should be to keep steadily in view the
taking of her destiny into her own hands when
the occasion which requires it shall present itself,
and, in the mean time, to gird her loins for the
race which is set before her by the high priest of
Republicanism; and to cooperate with that party
which alone, of the two great parties of the coun-
try, profess to abide by the Constitution, as our
fathers left it to us, so long as that party is true
to the constitutional rights of the South. The
next two years will decide the fate of this Union.
The Democratic party, somewhat crippled by its
division on the Senate bill, though perhaps not to
be subjected to a Waterloo defeat, is the last hope
of those who think the rights of the South can be
preserved m the Union. The battle of preponder-
ance in numbers of the free ovor the slave States, it
is true, " has been/ought and won." But the battle
of preponderance m the two Houses in Congress,
between the friends and enemies of the Constitu- ;
tion,is now upon the country. If the Republicans i
shall winthe day, the greatest battle of them all— |
the battle in defense of the institutions of the South j
will have to be fought—should the Republicans make \
good their thieals—on another aud a different field, j
The discussion of principles is always healthful; i
but a division of the South, at this juncture, into j
bitter parties on these questions, would be deeply i
to be deplored, and should earnestly he avoided. !
It is the part of wisdom in her people to profit by !
the knowledge of the past, and to prepare for the ;
worst in the future. Mr. Calhoun, in his last j
great speech delivered m the Senate, begun by !
saying: " I have, Senators, believed from the first j
that the agitation of the subject of slavery would, 1
if not preven ted by some timely and effective meas-
ure, end in disunion." And in speaking of Wash-
ington 's example in deciding to resist British op-
pression, he says: "We find much in his example
to encourage us, should we be forced to the ex-
tremity of deciding between submission and dis-
union." That great statesman and pure patriot
was then fast approaching his final dissolution.
With the vision of a seer, he predicted the exist-
ing state of affairs. And could he have survived,
and have heard the announcements which have j
been made in this, and in the other end of the ;
Capitol, during the present session of Congress, !
as to she future policy of the Government under ;
Black Republican rule, he would have said to his ■
countrymen, the period is now near at hand when ;
you must decide between " submission and dis-
union."    
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON.G.H.PENDLETON,
OF OHIO,
In the House op Representatives, i
June. 9, 1858. j
The House beint? in the Committee of the Whole on the j
state of the Union— I
Mr. PENDLETON said:
Mr. Chairman: I desire to reply briefly to the
speech of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bennett, j I would not have felt justified in doing
sc,at this late day in the session, if the gentleman |
had not seen proper, in the course of his remaiks, i
to allude to myself and other members by name,
and to comment with some severity on our course
on the Kansas bill.
Before, however, I notice the speech itself, I
desire that the House and the country should
know that this speech, if ever delivered at all, was
delivered at a night session, when, by common
agreement, nobody was expected to be present
except those who desired to rehearse their written
speeches :that its elaborate statements and rounded
periods, its bitter denunciations, its vivid descrip-
tions, were declaimed to empty seats and tired
reporters. It bears the appearance of having been
delivered in a full House, in the presence of a
quorum, and as such will go "before the country
in the Globe and the pamphlet copies; while, in
fact, not ten members were present, and not ten
.others will ever know of its existence, except by
reason of Us publication.
The speech is on Kansas affairs, and especially
on the conference bill. Itfollows the usual course.
It passes over well-trodden ground. It denounces
the bill in no measured terms. It imputes to it
falsification of facts, and fraudulent designs, in
the following emphatic language:
"All that is important m the pietended facts set forth in
the preamble are notonously fahel and every material pro-
vision of the act covers a fraud!
+ 1. The preamble states in substance that the people of
Kansas did, by a convention, cfonn for themselves5 the Le-
compton constitution ! The people of Kansas ncvei made
or adopted that instrument. Ir was the work of a faction,
accomplished by fraud. The convention that made it was
illegally caljed by an unauthorized Legislature; was ille-
gally cho&gtf and constituted; and did not, m any sense,
represeot the people of Kausas."
And after stating that the Lecompton constitu-
tion had been rejected by the House of Represent-
atives because it had not been made or ratified by
the people of Kansas, the gentleman says:
u Amongst those voting, and, as they declared, for that
especial leason, were the two members fioui Indiana, [Mr.
English and Mi. Foi.ry ;] the mv membeis fioin Ohio,
[\Tr. Con:, Mi. Cocks tui.r., Mi onorbiuick, Mi. Hat.!.,
Mt l awrencf. and Mi. prnm.ri'on;] and the member
from iVnn-\ iv.ima, [Mr. Owrs Jon; s ;] they jhst \oted
toi the Ctittenden amendment! and u (toward* voted foi
this art! and without their voles ir could not have passed 1
IIow could these men sanction this falsehood against all
then1 pieviou^ deelaianuiis. letters, and speeches, and
against thou iccorded votes?"
I will not stop to ciiticise the elegance of the
language used, nor to controvert the accuracy of
the views taken, or the truth of the assertions
made. I will not defend myself or my colleagues
from the gentleman's denunciations. I charge
that he has done exactly what he charges upon
us; that he has solemnly and by recorded vote
affirmed (ho truth of this very preamble; that he
has voted for it word for woid, letter for letter.
I hold in my hand the Montgomery-Crittenden
amendment, which passed this House. The gen-
tleman from New York voted for it. The record
shows that he did. The preamble of thatamend-
ment is in these words:
" Wheiea*, The people of the Teriitoiy of Kansas did,
by a convention ol delegate1'' awnibled at Lecompton, on
the 1 tli day ot November, I^, for ihat purpose, toim tor
themselves, a corMjturion and State government, which
constitution is republican."
Will the gentleman point out the d ifference be-
tween this pream'ble for which he voted, and the
preamble of the conference bill, for voting for
which he condemns us so freely ? They are iden-
tical: they vary not a word in all that portion of
which lie complains. Now, let me ask the gen-
tleman from New York what new light has sud-
denly broken in upon him ? How comes it that
what he said was so true on the 1st day of April
became so false on the 30th day of that month ?
What change in the question, or in the facts, or
in the man himself, has made that which was so
orthodox in him so " damnable a heresy'' m us?
Or, if no change m either or any has taken place,
how comes it that he then affirmed so solemnly to
be true that which he now says he always knew
was so false? that which, he says, he has such
overwhelming evidence to prove to be false?
Again, sir, in another part of this speech, I
find this paiagraph following a calculation of the
value of land mentioned m the proposition ten-
dered to Kansas:
" Estimating the population of Kansas at foity thousand,
(a fan* estimate,') heie i.sabribe offered out ot the public
property ot mute than sixkundted dollars each, to every
man, woman, and child, in the Terntory, to induce the
people to change their votes, and make Kansas a blave
State! A hnbe in case the people surrender then light of
adopting such a constitution as they approve, and accept
the one dictated to them by the slave power, which they
have once rejected, by a vote almost unanimous! To be
paid, if they accept the price and change their votes, other-
wise to be withheld ! If an individual had offered a voter
five dollars to change his vote on the same subject, he would
justly be subjected to criminal and infamous punishment!
Yet this act proposes a wholesale system ofbriheiy, foi the
purchase and sale of a majority of all voters in the Terri-
tory.! And that, too, without any regard to the ordinary
rules of economy."
This is another effect of a night session for
set speeches. The gentleman could hardly have
made such a statement in a full House, and in day-
light. It needed a thin House, and gas-lights, and
sleepy reporters, and impatient speakers to lead
him into such a mistake. No land, no money,
is offered to any person; no voter will receive a
cent; no voter will receive an acre, no matter how
he votes, or whether he votes at all. The grant
is to the State, not to the voters; to the Govern-
ment, not to the individuals. No man will be the
richer; no man will be the poorer. The gentle-
man must have known it; he can read; he can
understand language; he knew that no private ad-
vantage would ensue upon a vote cither way. I
defy him to point out a single line, or word, or
letter, in the hill which countenances such an
opinion ! It is not there; and yet he says:
" Estimating the population of Kansas at forty thousand,
(a fair estimate,) here is a biibe offered out of the public
property of more than six bundled dollars to each and eveiy
man, woman, and child in the Territory, to induce the peo-
ple to change their votes, and make Kansas a slave State."
Again, in describing the mode in which the
elections ate to be conducted. The gentleman
waxes warm in his indignation, and says:
" V. Section second is a manci-piece of ingenuitv, 111
devising ways ami means to rendei certain the success of
the Tieeompton constitution and of slavery, at the election
provided foi ; if not by the votes of the people, at least by
the returns of the otficcrs, who are to be put in chaige, with
full power to accomplish that purpose.
ult provides that the Governoi, Secretaiy, and district
attorney—.ill appointed by the Piesident—and the Speaker
of the House, <uid Pi evident of the Council, shall be a boatd
of conirm«sionp)s under the act; any three, of whom shall
constitute a board ; and that this partisan pro slavery board,
appointed by the Piesulent, shall have power—
" 1. To cMabhbh new precincts for voting.
<% 2. To cause polls to be opened at such places as it may
deem propei, m the counties and election piccincts.
'•3. To appoint three judges of election at each place of
voting, any two of whom may act
•'•I. To appoint such persons as they may deem proper,
in the place of the sheriffs and their deputies, to pieserve
peace and good order.
5. To appoint the day of holding «aid election.
" 6. To prescribe the time of said election.
<4 7 To prescube thv manner of said flection.
" 8 To prescribe the places of said election.
<49. To direct the time within which returns must be
made.
" 10. To declare the result of said election.
l- Unlimited powers, withoutanv appeal or review.
'• Hy the organic act, the people weie to be left perfectly
free to Co; ni their own const nut ion in their own way. Theie
w;\v to !)•• no intervention by Congress or by the President.
The IWiilent has no right to appoint any of the officers of
election in any organized State or Territory, or any boaidto
uppomt theni, and never should be allowed to do so. It in
intervention, and most improper intervention. These am
local officer!*, chosen and qualified according to law, and
wit!) whom the President hat no right to interfere. Why
ate these officers all removed, and this power to appoint
them taken out of the hands of the people and given to the
President? Js it that he may fill their places with such men
a-s Calhoun ? Can any other reason be rendered? The
people have a right to appoint these officers. And no law
{::vmg this authority to the President, was ever befoie de-
viled or enacted."
" Never before devised or enacted," forsooth !
I charge that the gentleman within ten days be-
fore that bill passed, had voted for the organiza-
tion of a board to conduct an election in Kansas,
clothed with exactly similar powers. The Mont-
gomery amendment is to these gentlemen worse
than Banquo's ghost. It haunts their every foot-
step. I read its third section thus:
"• That, for the purpose of insuring, as far as possible, that
the elections authonzed by this, act may be fair and tree,
the Governor and Secretary of the Territory of Kansas,
and the presiding ofticeis ot the two branches of it>> Legis-
lature, namely, tiie President of the Council and Speaker
ol the Ilouse of Representatives, aie hereby constituted a
boaidof comims-ioneis to cany into effect the piovisioiis
of this act, and to use ail the mean* necesr-aiy and proper
to that end. Any throe ol them shall constitute a board ;
and the board shall Uare powei and authonty, in iexpect
to each and all of the elections hereby authorized or pio-
vided for, to designate and estaulMi prccinets for voting,
or to adopt those already established ; to cause polls to be
opened at t.uch places as it may deem proper in the respect-
ive counties and election precincts of said Territoiy ; to
appoint, da judges of election, at each of the several places
of voting, three discreet and respectable persons. any two
of whom shall be competent to act; to lequire the sheriffs
ot the seveial counties. by themselves or deputies, to attend
the judges at each of the places of voting, for the purpewu
of preserving peace and good order; or the said board may,
