1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 0,
what I shall do in case of the failure of my prop-
osition. I feel the pressure upon me to provide
for ourgallantarmy in Utah. 1 feel that my duty,
as a member of Congress, is to do wJiat I can to
provide for it; becausc, if the President has sent
them there wrongfully, it is not the fault of the
army, it is the fault of the President. I would not
have your army starved. I would not subject
them to defeat and disaster; and subject our flag
to be dragged in the mud and trampled upon by
the rebellious citizens of the country, simply be-
cause the President has done wrong, if he has so
done. If the President has done wrong, hold him
to his responsibility before the country: or, if there
be a strong enough case, in your judgment, hold
him to responsibility to this House and the Sen-
ate by impeachment. But do not, while you have
your remedy against the President, starve your
little army, in order to strike an indirect blow
against the President, which will not reach him.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina a question.
Mr. BRANCH. I decline to yield. I believe
that under the rules of the House, I have a right
to consume an hour; and before I close I intend
to give time to gentlemen for questions.
Mr. WARREN. The gentleman has hut
twenty minutes to speak; and I would like to
know what time he js to allow for questions.
Mr. BRANCH. Well; asgcntlemenall round
me say that they want to ask questions, I will
bring my remarks to a conclusion now by offering
the following resolution:
Resolved, That Iloife bill No. 306 be commuted to the
Committee of Ways and Mean*, with instructions to icpoi I
ia lieu of it a bill to supply deficiencies in the appiopnauons
for the suppoit of the Army.
15. A bill to supply deficionc ies in Ihc nppropi union* for
the payment of officers and oiher* receiving an annual sal-
ary in the service of the House of Uopios.cnuilives.
J. A bill to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
miscellaneous items. • 
4, A bill to supply deficiencies in the apprnpuatwms for
the contingent land ot the House.
f>. A bill to supply deficient ie-  m the appropriation-, lor
the acmeo ol the Po>t Ofiiee Depaitrnent.
(>. A bill ni:t!ung nppiopuntiou- to pay Cvtia compensa-
tion to cleiks and oth< r employe ol the ILni-.e, undei le-
olutions of the la-t Conffie--; oi to indemnify the late
CJetk, if lie had paid f^aid compensation And that said
eomrnutee have leave to report at any time.
Mr,SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. I
object to the latter clause of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
point of order is well taken, and that the House,
cannot, by a majority vote m the form proposed
by (he gentleman from North Carolina, authorize
any committee to report on any subject at any
time.
Mr. BRANCH. Then strike out the latter
clause.
The resolution was so modified.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I understand, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman from North Carolina
stated that the estimates of the quartermaster's
department were communicated immediately to
the Committee of Ways and Means without the
approval of the Secretary of Wm. Am I liyht?
Mr. BRANCH. What I said was, that the es-
timates came to us without any recommendation
from the Secretary of War.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to correct
that erroneous impression on gentlemen's minds
—one which might very naturally arise. While
this matter wa^ pending, I had several interviews
myseif with the Secretary of War, and we passed
over these items, one by one, with the desire to
reduce theestimates to the lowest practicable point.
After conferring with the Seotetary of War, and
making sonic reductions and alterations, he took
back the estimates to have a conference with the
CLuartermaster General. The result of that con-
ference was an agreement between them that he
should send them to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with the indorsement of the Secrctaiy of ;
War upon them. I asked unanimous consentof
the House to report them,in order that they might
be printed and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Mean*. Unanimous consent was granted;
and they were ordered to be printed and referred,
if the gentleman will examine the Journal he will
find that that is so.
Air. BRANCH. I am very glad to hear from
the Committee of Ways and Means that such is
the fact, and I express the opinion here that any
head of Department of this Government ought
not to hesitate to dismiss promptly from ofHce any
bureau officer or clerk of the Government who
would presume to communicate to Congress other-
wise than through the head of the Department.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The House ordered
these estimates to be printed, but the Printer
omitted to print the indorsement of the Secretary
of War upon them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
see where that indorsement is. In Miscellaneous
Document No. 22, containing all these estimates,
there is no indorsement or recognition of this doc-
ument from the Secretary of War.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will look
to the end of the document, he will find that it is
addressed to the Secretary of War.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will look on the last page of this document 
Mr. BRANCH. I cannot yield further. I am
satisfied with the explanation of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means; and I am
glad to find that so gross an official outrage has
not been perpetrated by any subordinate officer
of the Department •
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from North Carolina will allow me one word. On
the last pasje of this Miscellaneous Document No.
25 is a letter which purports to have been written
by the Quartermaster General, and addressed to
the Secretary of War, dated January 6, 1858.
The estimates themselves are dated on "the 12th of
January. There is nothing going to show that
the Secretary of War ever sanctioned these esti-
mates; or if there is, I have not been able to per-
ceive it.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like tohayean op-
portunity of replying to some of the remarks
which have been submitted by thegentleman from
North Carolina, because it stnkcs me that they
ought not to be allowed to go to the country with-
out a reply. I understood the gentleman—fori
could not hear him distinctly from my seat—to
refer to the extraordinary expenses of the Army.
I desire to inquire of htm what that expense is ?
Mr. BRANCH. I will call the pievious ques-
tion on my resolution, and then pursue the same
course I pur^ui d yesterday with the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell ] I will yield to the
gentleman from Virginia if he will renew the call
for the previous question; but I do not feel au-
thorized to open this bill to general debate again.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to these arrange-
ments.
Mr. BRANCH. If objections be made, I will
then insist on my demand for th<? previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope it will bo voted down.
Mr. WARREN. I hope the House will vote
down the demand for the previous question, pro-
vided that the debate can be confined to this side
of the House. I understand that the other side
of the House are opposed to the bill anyhow, and
therefore there is no need for them to discuss it.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order
upon the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Branch.] My point of order is
this: that the resolution proposes to instruct the
Committee of Ways and Means to report six biils
in lieu of this bill. Now, the House itself could
not amend the bill so as to cut it up into six bills;
and I submit that the House cannot instruct the
Committee of Ways and Means to do what it can-
not itself do.
Mr. BRANCH. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and modify my resolution
so as to simply refer the bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means, without instructions. I now
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. GARNETT. If that is the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina, and the House
agree to it, I hope the Committee of Ways and
Means will consider the instructions offered in the
resolution as originally proposed, and will carry
out the sense of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the House will vote
down the demand for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to inquire what
would be the effect of sustaining the demand for
the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It will be to bring the House
to a vote, first,upon the motion to recommit, and
if that fails, then upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. T hope the House will sus-
tain the demand for the previous question, and
leave the responsibility of defeating this bill with
the other side of the House, where it properly
belongs.
The previous question was seconded, (one hun-
dred and eight members having voted therefor,)
and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WARREN. Would it be in order to move
to lay the motion to recommit on the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. STANTON. If this engrossed bill is re-
committed to the Committee of Ways and Means,
will they have the power to amend it, or change it?
The SPEAKER. That is a point the Chair
has been trying to ascertain. The 120th rule of
the House provides that after the engrossment and
third reading of a hill before its passage, it may
he recommitted. Now, if the committee have no
power to amend, it would be a useless ceremony
to send the bill there, yet this is one of the oldest
rules of the House. Butas the question does not
properly arise now, the Chair will reserve any
final decision upon the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to recommit. The question was taken; anditwas
decided in the negative—yeas 75, nays 127; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Bonham, Bianch, Bray too,
Bryan, Burnett, Case, Iloiacc F. Claik, Clay, Clemens,
Ohngiuan, Cobb, Colfax, Coining, Ciagin, Bui toil Ctdige,
Cm ry,i)ainrell, Davis or'Maryland,Davis or Indiana, Dean,
Dodd, Dm foe, English, Foster, Gurnett, GUrnan, Gilmer,
Goodwin, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, J. Moms>on Harris, Hill,
llou-ton, Hughes, George W. Jones, McQueen, Samuel S.
Mai&hnll, Mason, Maue^on, Millson, Moore, Morrill, Ed-
waid Joy Morns Isaac N. Moiris, Parker, Pettit, Peyton,
Pottle, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Ritchie, Roberta, Royee,
Baffin, Russell, Sandidgc, Scales. Aaron Shaw, Henry M.
Shaw,John Sheiman, Shorter,William Smith, Stallworth,
William Stewart, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Trippc, Under-
wood, Waldton, Walton, Israel Washburn, Wmslovv, and
Aujjiumis U. Wnght—T.7.
NAVS—Messrs. Abbott, Ah], Anderson, Andiews, At-
kin-. Aver>, Baik d<i!e, Bht^, Boooek, Bojeo, Bufiinton,
Bui) incline, Bums, Bui loughs, Campbell, Ca-kie, ChatuM1,
Chapman, Ezra Ciaik, John B. Claik, Cfa\v>oii, Clark B.
Coelnano, John Coclnane,CoekenH, Corning, Covode, Cox,
Jame- Ciaig, Oiawioul, CurtH, David-on, Dave-, ot
faipjn, Davis ol'Ma>s.achu*ou-, Davn of Iowa, Dawes, Dow-
dell, Eilie, Edn nuid-on, El holt, Eu^tis, Faui-woith, Faulk-
nei, iVmou, Florence, Folev, Game)!, Gidding^, Gilhs,
Goneh. Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Giegg, Gioe^beck,
Linvienee \V. Hall, Harlan, Ilateh, Hawkins, Hickman,
Hopkins, Horton, Howaul, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, J.
Glancy Joncc, Owen Jones, Kolly, Kilgore, Knapp, Jacob
M. Kunkel, Lamar, Laridy, Lawienee, Leach, Leidy, Lei-
tcr, Letcher, Lovejoy, Maciay, Ilumphiey Mar-hall, May-
n.ird, Mile«, Monrgoirieiy, Motrin, Oliver A. Moise, Mott,
Muriay, Niblaek, NiehoK, Ohn, Palmer, Pendleton, Phelps,
Phillip5!, Pike, Potter, Powell, Pmvianec, Rieaud, Bobbins,
Savage, Seott, Searing, Seward, Jud^on W. Sherman, Sin-
gleton, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Steven&on,
Jame- A. Stewart, Tappau, George Taj lor, Thompson,
Tompkins, Wade, Walbudge, Wauen, Cadwaladei C.
Wa-libuin, Elliliu B. Washhuruo, White, WsI>on, Wood-
son, Wmiendyko, John V. Wnght, and Zolhcoffer—127.
So the House refused to recommit the bill.
Pending the above call,
Mr. RITCHIE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Dick, was sick, and detained at home in conse-
quence, and that he had paired olF with Mr.
Wihteley, of Delaware.
Mr. HCJYLER stated that he had paired off
with his colleague, Mr, Adrain.
Mr. RE1LLY stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Tiiaykr.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I was in favor of recom-
mitting the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means that the features in it to which I object
might be stricken out, but having failed in that, I
feel constrained now, under all the circumstances,
to vote for the bill.
Mr. REAGAN. Is it in order to explain my
vote before the roil is called5
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the operation of the previous question.
Mr. CLAY. I will explain why 1 shall vote for
the bill.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CLAY. There are some of the features
of this bill which are exceedingly objectionable
to me, and which, I think, ought to be stricken
out. However, rather than place myself in a
position of retarding the operations of the Gov-
ernment, or embarrassing them in the least, X
shall vote for the bill, at the same time protesting
against the objectionable features of it, which are
there against mv vote.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 object to debate.
Mr. MASON. I should like to state why I
shall not change my vote.
