512
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
35th Cong...I st Sess.
Increase of the Navy—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
instead of said sheriff's and their deputies, appoint, at their
discretion, and in such instances as they may choose, other
lit persons for the same purpose; and when the purpose of
the election is to elect d^tegates to a convention to form a
constitution, as hereinbefore provided for, the number of
delegates shall be sixty, and they shall be apportioned bv said
board among the several counties of said Territory, accord-
ing to the number of voters; and in making this apportion-
ment, the board may join two or more counties together to
make an election or representative district, where neither
of the said counties has the requisite number of votes to
entitle it to a delegate, or to join a smaller to a larger county
having a surplus population, where it may serve to equalize
the representation. The elections hereby authorized shall
continue one day only, and shall not be continued later than
sundown on that day. The said board shall appoint the day
of election for each of the elections hereby authorized, as
the same may become necessary. The said Governor shall
announce, by pioclamatron, the day appointed for any one
of said elections, and the day shall be as early a one as is
consistent with due notice thereof to the people of said Ter-
ritory, subject to the provisions of this act. The said board
shall have full power to prescribe the time, manner, and
places of each of said elections, and to direct the time and
manner of the returns theieof, which returns shall be made
to the said board, whose duty it shall be to announce the
result by proclamation."
Its provisions are the same; its language is al-
most the same. The same powers are granted to
the board by each. The only difference is, that
in the one case the board consists of four, and in
the other, of five members; that in the one case
provision is made for an election of delegates,
which is omitted in the other. li Never devised !"
Why, sir, it had been devised by both Montgom-
ery and Crittenden, and had been voted for by the
gentleman himself before the conference commit-
tee copied it mto their bill—yes, long before the
committee was organized. Again, the gentleman
says:
" VT. By the third section, all white male inhabitants who'
could vote under the law for the election of the Legislature
m October last, and no others, aie allowed to vote. By this
law, no person who had not been for six months previous an
actual resident, could vote at that election. This law only
added an additional disqualification of six months' resi-
dence, and m no other respect altered or repealed the gen-
era} law."
u 1. Under tins act of Congress, and the laws of Kansas,
a citizen, to be entitled to vote, must hare resided mx months
m the Territory, Tills will exclude thousands of bona fide
citizens; all, who have gone there tins season, although ac-
tual and permanent residents of Kanva*, and as much en-
titled to a voice in framing its organic law, under which
they are to hve. as any other citizens. Emigration is greatly
in favor of the fi^e tsttrfe party, and thVrcfoie Una six
month*' dwfjiiiihfieiitiou and this exclusion !
"2. Must have paid a territorial tax:. This, if enforced,
will exclude thousands more, m facta great majority ot the
free Suite party!"
I might show the gross inaccuracy of this state-
ment—that it is the merest perversion of the law.
I will not stop to do it. I take the charge exactly
as the gentleman states it, and I affirm that he
voted to require the same qualifications for voters.
The conference bill provides:
Sue. 3. Jlnd he it. further cnacttuh That, in the election
hereby authouzed, all white mak inhabitant* ol ^aid Ter-
ritoiy. ovei the age of twenty-one year.-, who poi-^e-^ the
qualifications winch were required by tlv laws of said Ter-
rnoiy for a legal voter at the las-t general election foi niem-
ber*ot the Terrilotial Le«i-:lnturc. and none others, shall be
allowed to vote; and this shall be the only qualification re-
quited to entitle the citizens to the right of suffrage in t>aul
election."
The Montgomery amendment, the special pet
of the New York gentleman, provides:
" Sec. 4. dnd be it further enacted, That in the elections
hereby authorized, all white male inhabitants of ^ard Teiri-
tory over the age of twenty one years, who are lo'ial votets
under tin1 law.*, of tin; Territory ol Karij.ac,and none otlieis,
shall be allowed to vote; and this s>hall be the only quali-
fication required to entitle the voter to the right of hulirage
m said ok'etiou "
The qualifications of voters in Kansas on the Istof
•April, 185&, the day of the passage of the Jlontgomoy
amendment, woe exactly the same as at the la\t elec-
tion for members of the, Legislature in October, 1857.
The free-State Legislature met in January, 1838,
and was to have repealed every act of the " bogus
Legislature,5' but it did not change the qualifica-
tions of voters. They remain exactly as they
have been for more than a year past.
Again, and worse than all, the gentleman says:
When voters are challenged, these party judges of elec-
tion can i-wear the voter, if lie is of their party ; and, if he
thinks or claim*, to be a voter, his evidence is conclusive
and cannot be contradicted ; butif he is a free State voter,
thejudiic-" can 'receive other evidenceand then, if the
voter i* swot n, his evidence is not conclusive. Tr i?.. then,
a que>tton of evidence, lor the judges to decide. In one
ca*e. the vote must be admitted ; in the other, it can and
will be rejected ! fs not this? law a-s fair and a? mipaitia! a.1?
the paity board of commissioners, or a& the judges they will
appoint to administer U
This statement is his interpretation of a section
of the Kansas election law, which the gentleman
quotes in another portion of his speech. He will
not dispute the authority. It runs thus:
" The general law also provides that when a voter is chal-
lenged the judges of the election*may examine hnn touch-
ing Ins right to vote, and, if so examined, no evidence to
contradict him shall be received; or the judges may, in the
first instance, receive other evidence, in which event, the
applicant may, if he desire it, demand to be sworn j but Ins
testimony shail not then be conclusive."
I leave without comment the text and the in-
terpretation. I am satisfied that it will require
more than an ordinary amount of that charity
which " thinketh no evil" to believe that the gen-
tleman was diligently and laboriously seeking its
true meaning. But I forbear to trespass longer.
When the gentleman shall have established the
fairness of his criticisms, and the accuracy of his
statements in these particulars, to which I have
called attention; when he shall have reconciled
the consistency of his vote on the Montgomery
amendment with the speech which he has made,
1 shall be prepared to call his attention to other
interesting portions of his remarks.
In the mean time, I would suggest to the gen-
tleman, and all others interested, that when they
voted for the Montgomery amendment they took
up their residence in a glass house, out of which
it is very dangerous to throw stones at those who
voted for the conference bill.
INCREASE OF THE NAVY.
SPEECH OF HON. W. L. UNDERWOOD,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House op Representatives,
June 10,1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the f'mon on the bill making appropriations for the
support of the Navy, and particularly havingunderconsid-
eration the amendment ot Mr. Bocock, providing for the
construction of ten sloopa-of-war -
Mr. UNDERWOOD said:
Mr. Chairman: It will afford me pleasure to
vote for the increase of the Navy provided for
in the amendment of my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Bocock.] I think it proper, however, to
observe that I shall do so without any special ref-
erence to our relations with Great Britain. How-
ever unpleasant these relations are, and however
unwarrantable has been the conduct of her ships
of war in the Gulf of Mexico, 1 ain yet of the
opinion that no war will grow out of it. I am
gratified to have afforded me, in the reputed ac-
tion of her Britannic Majesty's Minister m this
country, and in that of her admiral in command
of her American squadron, unmistakable proofs
that the conduct of those of her naval officers in
the Gulf of Mexico who have violated the sacred
immunities of the America'n flag upon the high
seas, and in the harbor of Sagua le Grande, will
be disavowed, and perhaps punished. I trust
that this will be the case, for it would seem to
me passing strange that Great Britain should de-
sire to involve herself at this or at any time m war
with this country. She cannot be ignorant that
at no time and under no circumstances will the
United States submit to the degradation of hav-
ing her vessels stopped upon the high seas and
subjected to the humiliation of search—no less
offensive to her when called by the plain An^lo-
Saxon word search, than the more euphonious
word visitation, with which it is attempted to be
glossed; but that, by whatever name called and
under whatever pretext exercised, the United
States will resist it to the utmost of her power, to
the latest moment, and the last extremity. Her
past history has alForded some evidence of this,
and her future action will confirm it.
1 will not, however, in this connection, do Great
Britain injustice, or pander, in the least degree, to
the prejudices of our people, perhaps, from the
recollections of the past, too easily excited against
her. The people of America, its only sovereigns,
have the right to know the facts; and that public
servant who dares to deceive or mislead them,
deserves the severest condemnation. I do not
understand that in the recent interferences with
American vessels in the Gulf of Mcxico, to which
I am referring, tfce British authorities claim either
the right of visitation or search of American vessels
on the high seas. Did they do so, I am free to
say I should regard their conduct as little less
than acts of war, to be resisted and punished by
the utmost power of this Government, af every
hazard. And such I am sure would be the spon-
taneous voice of the whole people, outbursting
from every part of our entire country. I rejoice,
then, that they place those interferences upon no
such ground. The ground I understand them to
assume is this: that the Government of the Uni-
ted States, claiming, asafundamental proposition,
that her flag covers and protects all that sail under
it from visitation and search, has been prostituted,
as Great Britain says, by vessels of other nations,
who perfidiously hoist and sail under it, to carry
on the nefarious slave trade, which the United
States was the first to declare to be piracy, that
the lofty humanity of her early statesmen, Jeffer-
son, Madison, and Monroe, Clay, Calhoun, and
Adams, appealing to the humanity of Great Brit-
ain herself, and to the other leading nations of Eu-
rope, induced her and most of them to unite with
the United States in the denunciation, piracy,
of this most cruel and indefensible traffic; that, ac-
cepting these denunciations in spirit and in truth,
believing it to be the inclination and the true intent
of the United States to suppress it, and, most of
all, believing that the United States would be the
first to resist the unauthorized use of her flag by
vessels of other nations, fraudulently to carry on
said trade, as Great Britain asserts is being done,
to a very great extent, at this time, in the Gulf
of Mexico, she has stopped such vessels in that
Gulf as her cruisers suspected to be engaged m
the slave trade, to see merely whether they are in
fact American, or whether they have not falsely
and piratically assumed the American flag, whilst
they in truth were vessels of some other nation,
which, under treaties with such other nation, they
had the right to visit, disclaiming the right to visit
such vessels if, in truth, they are American, or to
seize or arrest them if found to be American,
though loaded with a cargo of slaves fresh from
Africa.
I will not now stop to criticise the sufficiency
of this explanation. I must be permitted to say
that there are difficulties in it resulting from the
nature of the delicate rights involved. That to
admit it, as a general principle of action, would
be to place the right of visitation or of search of
our vessels at the caprice or upon the irresponsi-
ble judgment or suspicion of every British cruiser;
whilst to demand the.t the assumption of the Amer-
ican flag by a known pirate marauding the seas
should in all cases exempt her from visitation, to
ascertain her true character, and from capture,
would be to assert the immunity of the worst of
criminals in the perpetration of the blackestcnmes
that disgrace the world. But it is no part of my
present purpose to discuss the right of visitation or
search. I shall rejoice if the recent untoward cir-
cumstances in the Gulf shall result in a wise adjust-
ment of these delicate and intricate questions of
international law, and shall indulge the hope that
the two greatest and first nations of the earth,
approaching their consideration with a dignified
forbearance, whilst uniting to suppress the perpe-
tration of crime upon the seas, may consolidate
their permanent pcace, on which so much depend
the best interests of mankind. I shall be content,
therefore, to leave these great questions with the
President and his constitutional advisers in the
treaty-making power, for such negotiations as the
occasion limy warrant, yet confidently express-
ing the opinion that he will fall far below the just
expectation of his countrymen, if he permits them
to lapse in the lazy, laggard stream of listless and
interminable negotiation. This is a practical age;
we are a practical people; and itis necessary that
these questions come to a speedy and practical
end.
It is not, therefore, in reference specially to
those questions with Great Britain that I shall
vote for the small increase of our naval strength
contemplated in the amendment before us. There
are general considerations of vast interest, grow-
ing out of the unparalleled extension of our com-
; merce,now whitening with its sails, and darken-
: mg with its smoke, the remotest waters of the
i world, why our naval force should be enlarged to
