1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2576
Mr. SEW ARD, I do not see that the question
is relevant to the present purpose; I will answer,
however, that on the precise case which thehon-
* orable Senator makes, I should not regard that as
an estimate by the Department. That is, I under-
stand him to say, it is the estimate of a local en-
gineer; and the Senate, when the application is
madp, knows that the estimate has been made by
that local engineer; and the Secretary understands
that he is called upon to transmitthat as a matter
of information. That is quite a different thing from
the estimate as I understand it here when the De-
partment is called upon,notfora paper in its pos-
session, but for an estimate for a specific work of
improvement. If I stated that I never had held
an executive trust, I beg to correct myself, aa far
as to say that what I meant was, that I never held
an administrative one.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator states, with some
circumlocution, exactly the case which he has said
is the practice of the Senate. They call on the
Secretary to repo/t an estimate. They know very
well that the Secretary has no estimate to make
himself. They know full well, when they pass
the resolution, that the only reply the Secretary
can make will be the statement of the engineer in
charge of the work, and that the resolution is ne-
cessarily sent to the bureau where the estimates
of all the engineers in charge of specific works
are aggregated in one place and deposited; and that
this local engineer, having sent his estimate for
the ensuing year to the bureau of topographical
engineers, it is copied and sent over to the War
Office to be transmitted in answer to the resolution
of the Senate. The Senate knew that when the
various resolutions were passed from year to year,
and which, from year to year, have been repre-
sented just in the terms he represents them now,
and on which he rests his claim to a practicc of
the Senate, knowing, when the resolution was
passed, and when the answer was received, that
if they had given the Secretary an opportunity
to say whether he adopted the estimate or not,
whether he recommended the work or not, they
would obtain from him a response that would not
answer the purpose of those who usually move
in such matters.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi misapprehends altogether
the rule of the Senate which we aie discussing.
It is not a recommendation or a. sanction that is
wanted. All that the rule requires is an estimate
from a Department, and that is complied with.
What I said was, that that is the construction of
the rule which has hitherto prevailed. It may be
wrong; it may be right to reverse that practice;
but the practice which has obtained here is such
as I have stated.
Mr. DAVIS. Perhaps I was unfortunate in
my language, but the Senator does not seem to
comprehend me. I tell him that the Secretary of
War no more makes the estimate than the chief
of the bureau does; that neither of them makes
it; that the local engineer makes it, and the papers
show the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was about to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the distinction which the
Senator from New York has drawn. The diffi-
culty in this case arises out of the construction
of the language of the rule. If the rule requires
what theSe/iatorfrom Mississippi supposes, then,
clearly, this amendment is out of order; but the
rule does not require what the Senator from Mis-
sissippi supposes, according to one reading of it;
according to' Us language it does not. The ques-
tion here" is not whether the Secretary approves
of this expenditure of money. The question is,
is this an estimate from the Department? Now,
we call on one of the Departments to know what
the expense of erecting a custom house at Buf-
falo is. The Department sends in an estimate,
nn\de by a local engineerat Buffalo. Is not that
an estimate from th- Department?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly it is; but notfrom the
head of the Department. The language of the
rule is, the head of a Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not that an estimate
coining from the head of a Department, I will ask
then ?
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that it is an
estimate from the head of a Department. It us
received through him.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do not suppose that
the head of a Department in any instance goes to
any of these places. Take, for example, the fort-
ifications at New York which the Secretary of
War may be in favor of improving. Suppose that
he is in favor of expending one or two hundred
thousand dollars upon a fortification at the city of
New York, the Secretary of War will not him-
self make up that estimate, but he will direct the
proper officers to estimate what is necessary to
be done, and what it will cost. They will sub-
mit an estimate in detail; and when the Depart-
ment is called upon to know what amount of
money would be necessary to put that particular
work in repair, he will send to the Senate this
estimate made up by the proper officer. That I
understand to be the estimate of the head of a
Department; and if that is what the rule means,
then clearly this amendment is in order. It need
not be indorsed by the Secretary.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator will not argue with
me on a question on which we do not differ. The
Secretary may make an estimate his own, and
rely upon some one else as authority; as for in-
stance, he may, by the examination of an engi-
neer, learn the cost of a work, adopt the report
of the engineer, adopt the estimate and recom-
mend the work, and then it becomes an estimate
which he submits; it is his estimate; but not when
he answers you and sends you papers which con-
tain the estimate merely,
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is exactly what I
would understand the Secretary as doing. When-
ever he sends an estimate, made by his subordi-
nate, in answer to an inquiry, he adopts that
estimate as the estimate of the Department, not
recommending the expenditure of the money at
all; but still, if the work is to be constructed, he
estimates that as the amount it would cost. That
is all the Secretaiy docs. He gives no opinion
about the propriety of deepening the St. Clair
flats; but if the St. Clair fiats are to be deepened, i
and Congress wants to know how much it will ;
cost to do it, then he sends in the report of the .
local officer showing the amount; and 1 suppose, i
unless he dissents in the communication fiom the ;
correctness of the estimate, that is an estimate !
from the head of the Department; but I would i
by no means hold that the head of the Depart- j
menthad recommended that work to be done, or |
concurred in its policy. He may be opposed to '
the whole of it; and we all very well know that j
the Senator from Mississippi, when at the head of j
the War Department, was opposed to many of j
the internal improvements directed by Congress, i
That was well understood; but I did not under- J
stand that the Secretary of War, at that time, j
meant to be understood as saying that the esti-
mates for the works were not proper; that is, !
that they would not cost the sum estimated, in i
case Congress went on to do the work. He gave !
us that information not approving of any such [
work. I do not understand, now, that the Sec- i
retary of War recommends the deepening of the i
St. Clair flats, or recommends this particular ap- ;
propnation; but I do understand that the Sec-
retary of War has estimated what it will cost to !
do it—that is all; and if that is all the rule re- i
quires, then, clearly, the amendment is within the j
rule. Now, let us look at the rule to see what it
does require: i
t£ No amendment shall be received to any general appro- !
pnation bill piopo^jng additional appiopruuions, unlets"— (
Then follow some exceptions, one of which is: ,
—"in pursuance of an estimate from the head of some of
the Departments.*' ■
If it is in pursuance of an estimate from the j
head of one of the Departments, it is in order; ,
but if to be^n pursuance of an estimate from a
Department requires an indorsement of the head
of the Department, then most clearly it is not in
order.
Mr. DAVIS. I have, but a word to say in an-
swer to the last remarks of the Senator from Illi-
nois. He says it is in pursuance of the estimate
of the head of a Department, if the head of a De-
partment has been the channel through which the
estimate is transmitted—that is the amount of it.
If I understand any meaning in the language em-
ployed—in pursuance of an estimate of the head
ofsome oftheDepartments"—mustimply thatthe
head of a Department asks for the execution of a
work, and states the sum it would cost, not merely
that he has been the channel through which the
estimate is transmitted. As well might it be said,
when the letter came through the post office, that
the Postmaster General was the head of a-De-
partment, and that it was from him because it
was transmuted through the Post Office Depart-
ment. It'is the mere channel of correspondence,
the mode being provided as well how you should
call for information as how the information should
be sent. You cannot call on the bureau for the
information; you cannot call on the local engineer
for the information; or if you did, he would not
send it. The channel of correspondence requires
that it should pass through the War Office; and
thus the Secretary of War becomes the channel
for the transmission of the answer, and that is his
whole connection with it.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to appeal to gentlemen
on the other side not to offer such amendments ae
this—debatable, disputed matters; disputed even
with regard to their constitutional propriety—on
an appropriation bill which is merely designed
to carry out existing laws, and to enable the
Government to execute its ordinary machinery.
Surely such subjects ought to be kept for sepa-
rate bills. If gentlemen have a majority for this
proposition, let them pass it in the shape of a
i separate bill, but not put it on an appropriation
bill in order to force gentlemen who are willing
to provide the means to carry on the Govern-
ment, to vote against their own appropriation
bill. Certainly that cannot be proper or fair. I
submit to gentlemen it cannot be right to put such
matter as that on an appropriation bill. If they
have a majority, let them pass their bills sepa-
rately, but not place them on this bill, and thus
force many of us to vote against the bill itself.
You thus disable the Government from getting
along; you place it in a position m which the sub-
ject-matter of the bill becomes so complicated that
it cannot command a majority. Why, sir, if you
would leave the bill where it was designed to
stand, applying only to the mere proper subjects
of appropriation, those thatare necessary for car-
rying on the Government, we might always be
able to pass the proper appropriation bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 do not fee]
much interest in this point of order as to the rel-
evancy of the amendment now before us, but I
desire to make an appeal to those gentlemen on
the other side of the House with whom I have
acted, as well as to those with whom 1 act on this
side, upon the subject of internal improvements
by the General Government.
A portion of those gentlemen with whom I have
acted heretofore are now putting the whole ques-
tion in an attitude that is exceedingly unpleasant;
and I wish to appeal to the friends of the various
internal improvement measures not to attempt to
put them upon a general appropriation bill. Such
a course is intrinsically wrong. I have always,
it is well known on every Side, against the will of
many of my Democratic associates, voted for
these measures of internal improvement. Now,
however, I am railed upon by those who are more
anxious m reference to these matters than I am,
to violate one of the very first and one of the most
sacred principles of action here by putting the
whole of our internal improvement bills upon a
regular appropriation bill. If this is commenced,
I know to what point it may lead: it may go to
the size that our internal improvement appro-
priation bills have hitherto gone, and may ap-
propriate $6,000,000. The whole movement is
unusual; it is extraordinary; it is dangerous; it is
in no respect safe, just, or fair, whether for the
measure itself or for the general interests of the
Government.
I am a friend to this class of measures, as I
have proved by my votes. Why is it that those
with whom I haveacted will force me and a num-
ber of others, who have hitherto favored these
measures, and yet concur with me, into a false
position, by the urging of these propositions on
a general appropriation bill ? For one, I must say
that I will not vote for them upon a general ap-
propriation bill. Some Senators on the other side,
1 know, concur with me in this; others upon this
side do; and the result will be, that measures
which are favorites on their own merits will be
voted down by putting them in a false position.
We gain nothing by this process. It is not in ac-
cordance with any safe rule of legislation; it is
entirely wrong, and it puts those who cannot con-
sent to it in a false position, and may drive them
