1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
513
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Increase of the Navy—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. Of Reps.
guard and protect it. But it is not my purpose
to enlarge upon these obvious considerations.
My chief object, Mr. Chairman, in addressing
the committee, was to bring to its knowledge,
and to that of the country, an outrage of unpre-
cedented atrocity committed upon our citizens,
byanother Power than Great Britain, and which,
for want of the slightest naval force in the con-
tiguous seas, remains " unwhipped of justice."
Mr. Chairman, in theearlypart of the session,
in a few brief remarks, I called the attention of
the House to the butchery of Colonel Crabb and
his men—and of other American citizens, in no
wise connected with him, or participants in his
enterprise—in the province ofSonora, one of the
States of the Mexican Republic. The House
aided me on that occasion, in calling on the Presi-
dent for such information as was in the Execu-
tive Departments of the Government, in relation
to these most tragical and terrible events. In due
time that information was furnished, and on my
motion it was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. I regret that that committee has
not thought proper to give to the House the ben-
efit of their wisdom and suggestions upon this
certainly very important subject. I have, how-
ever, no complaints to make against them, and
only regret that their estimate of its importance
must have fallen very far below my own. Hav-
ing waited until near the close of our session, I
shall be pardoned, in the absence of any report
from them, in giving briefly to the country the
facts disclosed by the report from the Secretary
of State in answer to the call for information in-
troduced by me as just, stated, and such other
information as I have been able to collect from
reliable sources in regard to these most tragic and
painful events. These facts are so well embodied
and forcibly stated m the note of our Minister,
Mr. John Forsyth, to the Mexican Minister of
Foreign Relations, Senor Don Juan Antonio de
la Fuenti, dated May 30, 1857, that I piesent
them in his language:
" It appears that, in the latter part of the year last papt and
in the beginmngof the present year, in the State of Califor-
nia, certain peisons foimed themselves gradually into a party
for the puipo&e of emigrating thence, either into the ler-
ritoty known as the 'Gadsden Purchase' of the United
States, or into the State or depaument ofSonora, Mexico.
That both ot these points ot destination were frequently
mentioned by the public press of California, accompanied
hy intimations, more or less broad, as to the possible un-
lawful ulterior designs of the party m question. That the
general management or leadership of this party was in-
trusted to Henry A Crabb, Esq., a well known and influ-
ential citizen ot California, allied by mainagc with wealthy
Mexican families, natives ot Sonoia, and possessing there
large interests and influence. That the formation of this
party was. known and spoken of, and its probable move-
ments and motives fieely discussed by the press of Califor-
nia aud of this countiyfor a considerable period of lime
pievious to its appearance on Mexican -oil. That ample
time was had by the Mexican Government, in case of sus-
picion or doubt as to the real objects in view of this pauy,
to prepare for an£ meet it whenevei and wherever it should
enter, if at all, in Mexican territory, and then and there, in
the manly spmt of a civilized and honorable nation at pcace
with the Government of the members of this party, exam-
ine promptly,fairly,and legally,into the character and de-
signs of the intruders, arid acquit and free, or condemn and
punish, according as the accused might have been lound
innocent or guilty of the charges prcfened. That, m the
month of March last, Mr Cnbb, with some one hundred
of his companions, entered the State of Sonora. That he,
with his followers, were at Sonorita on the 26th of that
month. That on that day he addressed a communication to
the prefect of Altar, m which he clearly states that he and
his companions had come to Sonora in obedience to the
positive invitations of the most influential citizens of that
State, and for the purpose of settlement and residence there-
in, in eonlormity with the provisions of the colonization
laws of the country. That there was no intention, on the
pait of the immigrant party, of committing any offense
whatever, and that it was not connected m any way with
intrigues, eithei public or private. That the paity were
armed, it is true, but only m the manner necessary for &elf-
protection, when passing thiougli a region of country con-
stantly subject to the depiedations of the Apache savages.
That subsequently Mr. Crabb and his companions proceeded
to the town of Caboica, where, without parley, withoutin-
quny as to their purposes, without opportunity for explana-
tion, they were suirounded and assaulted by several hun-
dred Mexican troops. That, after a severe engagement, Mr.
Crabb and his surviving companions surrendered and were
taken prisoners. That almost immediately thereafter these
prisoners, some of them severely wounded, were, with the
exception of a lad of tender age, summanly and mercilessly
put to death. That some days after this teirible tragedy,
another party of sixteen Americans, traveling with a loaded
wagon through the country, were, on the suspicion, as is
alleged m excuse, of belonging in some way to the party of
Mr. Crabb, and of having military stores, suddenly seized,
and were, without contest, offense, open provocation, or
subsequent tnal, also summanly and meicilessly put to
death; and finally, that the Government of Mexico has thus
New Sekif.s—No. 33.
far, and so far as the knowledge of the undersigned extends,
neglected to institute an examination into these occurrences
so terrible in themselves, and fraught, it may be, with the
most serious and untoward consequences.
" The foregoing is an epitome of the history of this horrible
affair, as some time foreshadowed by the public press, and
as given by the authorities of Sonora to the supreme Gov-
ernment ; and it is with this state of the facts that the un-
dersigned has now to deal, although he is prepared to read
a more extenuating version of them when the history of the
unfortunate expedition comes to be written, not by us own
side, for alas! Sonora vengeance has spared not one to tell
the taie, but by its friends m the United States."
Not satisfied with this work of blood and mur-
der, which they had perfidiously accomplished on
their own soil, on the night of the 18th of April,
1857, these Mexicans invaded the soil of the Uni-
ted States, and then and there, in cold blood, took
from their beds four sick American citizens at the
house of Mr. Dunbar, and deliberately murdered
them, leaving their bodies unburied to be devoured
by the beasts of the field. Another party of Amer-
icans headed by Mr. Hughes, twenty-six in num-
ber, were attacked by three hundred Mexicans,
but fought their way to the levee, losing only
four men, one of whom was Hughes himself,
whose heart, and hands, and ears, were brought into
Altar on a spear. A blacksmith, an American,
living a few miles from Caborca, who had been
only guilty of shoeing some mules for Mr. Crabb,
although for many years a peaceful resident of
that country, was also by the Mexicans cruelly
murdered. The foliowingisgiven by Mr. Charles
B. Smith, United States vice consul at Mazatlan,
as a correct resume of the murders committed:
Sixty-nine of Crabb's party surrendeied, of
whom sixty-eight were shot; the party with the
wagons, sixteen; Hughes's party, four; at So-
norita, on United States soil, four; blacksmith
near Caborca, one; Dr. H. L. Evans, of whom
I will speak hereafter, one; total ninety-four.
It is seen above that only one of Crabb's party
was spared. He was a boy named Charles Ed-
ward Evans, aged fifteen years. I will let him
narrate, in his own simple language, the story of
the most horrible deed ever perpetrated anywhere
or under any circumstances before, upon Amer-
ican citizens:
Personally appr-ared before mo, Charles 15. Smith, Uni-
ted States vice consul for the poit of Mazatlan, Charles
Edward Evans, who, being by me duly swoin, deposed and
sot foi th as follows •
" That he was horn in the city of New Orleans, on the
25th day of December, 184*2, and that he removed to the
State of California m the year 3849, in company with his
mother and step-father, where deponent constantly resided
until the year 1837.
And deponent further declares that, on the 19th day of
January, 18.>7, he being then at the town of Sonoia, Tuo-
lumne county, State ol California, he on that dav joined
an expedition at that tune oiuamzmg in the town of So-
nora, and known jc  an expedition bound to Sunos.i. Mi x-
ic'i>, for ihe purpose of mining, and. m company with about
thirt) men of said company, this deponent leit Sonora on
the following day en route foi San Fianci-co, whore they
arrived on the 21st day of the same month, and on the same
day embarked on boaid the steamer Sea Bud, for San Pe-
dro, accompanied by the Sonoia members of the expedi-
tion, aud thirty or forty moic membei*. of the same expe-
dition that bad joined at San FiancKOO.
" Deponent fut ther declaim that, on the 21th day of Jan-
naiy, they airived at ^an Pedio. and after di-embarkm"
fiom the steamer, took up their line of march foi El Monte,
Los Angelos couritv, wheie thev arrived on the following
day,and attei remaining there foi one week foi the purpose
of puichasmg hordes, mules, w.mwn*., and provisions, took
up their route for Foi r Yuma on the Colorado nver, whore
they arnvedon ?he27thday of February, stopping one week
on the way at Wamei's lanch. tire company then count-
ing of ninety men and two wagon-. containing provisions ;
paitof the men being mounted ."and pai ton foot; Mr. Ciabb
acting in command of the expedition, assisted by Mi. Mc-
Couri, Mi. N. C. Wood, and Mr. Davul H. McDowell.
"And deponent furihei declares, that the expedition re-
mained ar Fort Yuma one week, dunng which time one
Doctoi Evans left the expedition and proceeded on to So-
noia alone; and that at'ter lecimting the animals at Poit
Yuma, the exp"dinou waited lor Sonora about the 4th of
March, and arrived at the puebja ot Sonoyta on the25th day
of the same month, where it remained for two days, when
Mr. Crabb, accompanied by si\ty-eight (G8) men, among
whom was deponent, left Sonovia foi Cahoica on the 27th
day of Match, leaving twentv (CO) men and one wagon be-
hind at Cabeza Pucta, undc r command of Mr. McKmney.
And deponent fuitlior deckues that, on the morning of the
l>t of April, they being then distant about half a mile 1'iom
the town ot Caborca, and when quietlv puisumg then way
on the road, between wheat fields, and being in no kind ot
military an ay, aud rtdtng in caieless oider. without scouts
in advance, and they not being, or ever having been, under
any imhtaiy di-iphne oi organ:/.at>on, nor a otic! pat. ng tight
mg or expecting anv re-Hiance to then entrance into 1he
Mexican territory, they wetc suddenly fired upon, at eight
o'clock, a. m.. by'about one hundied and nftv men. lying
in ambush ; anddeprmentdociuio& th.tt tho Americans con-
tinued their way towauis Caboica, being constantly fired
upon by the men in ambush, and that the Americans re-
turned the fire whenever an enemy could be seen.
" Deponent says, that about four hundred yards from the
houses comprising the town, the lane they had up to that
time been marching through, opened into a clear open space,
which had to be crossed by the Americans before they could'
gam the shelter of the houses, and that white the Ameri-
cans were crossing that space they were fired upon in every
direction by Mexican soldiers from behind houses, and
fences, and any other shelter that could conceal an enemy;
and deponent declares, that the Americans immediately
proceeded to a row of adobe houses, fighting on the princi-
pal street, and that the Mexican troops proceeded to take
possession of the church opposite, and that upon gaining
the shelter of the houses they were protected from the fire
of their opponents, but found that two more had been killed
belonging to their party, and three mortally wounded, who
died the same night; deponentsays the names of the killed
were Clark Small, [or Smole,] and a man nicknamed
Shorty; and the names of the! mortally wounded were John
George, Clark, a lawyer of Livingston, El Monte, and Wil-
liam Cheney.
" Deponent further declares, that fifteen others, Ameri-
cans, were wounded befoie reaching the shelter of the
houses, and which they did reach at nine o'clock, a. m., on
the 1st of April, altet about one horn's hard fighting, and
where they remained in comparative security, although con-
stantly exposed to shots fiom the church, until two o'clock,
p. m., when an attack was planned and made upon the
church, composed of fifteen pe ?ons,and commanded by
Mr. Crabb, who took with llieni a keg of powder for the pur-
pose of blowing open the doors of the church; deponent
declares that Mi. Ciabb and the fifteen menafoiesaid ^allied
out from the house and crossed the stieeL to the church, ex-
posed to a very heavy fire from all quarters, and after five
men had been killed of the said fifteen, and seven more
wounded, among which was Mr, Crabb. wounded iu the
aim, above the elbow, they weie <-aiisliod that thev could
| not art uned then object to blow open the door oft he chtm h,
and i etui nod to their quaiters, w hcte they remained closely
boiesied until the coming of the. 6th day of Apiil, when
the loof of then quaiters was set on (ire; deponent further
declares that a keg of gunpowdei was then setoff in the
room over winch the fire was burning, to extinuin-h the
flames, hut which did not succeed, and overtures were then
made to the besiegois bv the Americans to siiirendor, to
which thcMexieau authoiitie*. in command icphed that the
1 Americans shon'd he neatod as pn- oneis ol war.
[ "Deponent fuit her doelates that, upon this information
J being received. Mr. Ciabb sent a Mr. limes with a flag of
| tiuce to arrange definitely the teims of capitulation. The
| Mexican commander would not permit the said Ilines to
j retmn to the AineiiC'in party; but Ilines called out to the
I Ameiicans that the Mexican eoirimandei pnunised to send
1 the Aineiicans to Altai, and give them a fair and impartial
trial, on condition that they would match out ot the house,
one by one, leaving their aims behind them.
" Deponent fui (her declares, that Mr. Crabb requested
his btoiher in-law, Mr. Cortlezon, to inquire again of the
Mexican commander how he would treat the Ainencans
upon suuendeuug themselves; to which the said comman-
ded Gabilondo. replied that they all should have a fair tnal,
[ and Mr. Ciabb 1hen diteeted Mr. Cortlezon to inquire how
I the American*, wounded would be piovided for: to which
j the said Gabilondo replied that he had a good physician.aud
i that they would be all well caied for; and deponent doclaies
1 that he heard Gabilondo say that he kept his word, foi he
' did have a good phy-ieian (or them.
| Deponent s-avs that Mr. Cortlezon, while holding the
: befoie mentioned conversation with the said Gabilondo,
I was siantfmg m the dooi of the Ainetican quaitei-. „• .•!
Gabilondo was ported in the bclfiy of the chinch ; and st.me
of' the Ameiicans were still unwilling to s-mrendei ; but
i upon being told by Mr. Crabb that he believed they nugni
I lelj- upon the pioansof- of the Mexican*-. the> finally (.on-
sen ted to lay down their aims, and marched over to the con-
' vent one by one, deponent among their number, and had
then hand^ eiossed together and tied, and were then
! mniehed to the baruoks, wheie they ai rived at eleven
' o'clock, p. m.
j <k Deponent pays that shortly afterwards Mr. Crabb was
, sepatated from the rest of the Amencaus, and had an tu-
teiviewwith the Mexican commanding ofheor, and that
' when he returned the sentnes would not allow him to hold
: any conversation with the rest of the Americans, and th.-.t
! about one hour alter nudmght a seigeant came in and read
! the sentence in Spanish, that ai! were lo be shot at sunrise
i the next morning, which sentence was inteipretcd to the
j Americans by the said Mi. Cortlezon, and the names of all
i tho men pieserit were written down by Colonel N.C.Wood,
' and the list was handed to Gabilondo.
1 " And deponent timber declares that about two o'clock,
a. m., he Was awoke out of his sleep, and his hands \\ ere
unbound, and he was taken out from his companions, and
' at davhght he started for Altar in company with the afore-
: '■.ud Gabilondo, and amved at Altai at eight o'clock, a. nu,
the -nmc day, where he remained, by the diiections of
; Gabilondo, and two days afterwaals returned io Caboica
] in company of Gabilondo, and tiieie saw the bodie- ot the
1 inuulered "American's bcatteied over the buijing giound ;
: and deponent says that the bodies were snipped haie of
! eveiy panicle of clothing, and lay exposed without burial;
i and deponent saw that the remains ol the bodies had been
i v iiy much mutilated by coyote-? and hogs; and deponent
j fuuheimore declares that ho heard some Mexicans say that
their hogs would fatten on the caieasosot Yankees; and
; lhat the stink arising from the dead bodies was nauseating
in town ; and that the piesence of the hogs was unhf aiable
| iiom their contact with can ion; and that he was fhown
the gold taken from the teeth ot some of the Ameueans,
| and that he w.n nl-o taken to see the head of Mr. Cj.'sbb,
i which was lifted fiom an eauhen jar filled with vinegar,
j by the ban. and shown to deponent, and deponent deciates
that he knew it to he ihe head of Mr Ciabb ; and that he
| he-ird Gabilondo di-pateh an ofiieer and sixty or seventy
1 men to Sonoi ta."
