466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
been the duty of the Governor to subdue by force
wherever he could get the power.
It is vain for Senators to inquire into what the
avowed objects of the organization were. It is
the fact of setting on foot the organization that
made the offense. Have we not heard the Senate,
for the last two or three weeks, implored to con-
sider the iniquity of a few dozen or fifty gentle-
men putting two or three guns on board a ship at
Mobile or New Orleans, even if they never went
to sea, but put them there with the intention of
going out to the coast of Nicaragua to commit an
offense? The Senator from Maryland said truly
the offense was complete the moment the gun was
put on board a boat with that intention. I admit
these men did not commit the overt act; and they
did not commit it because the Governor of the
Territory warned them of the consequences. That
is where they stopped; and that is where the
Topeka Legislature stopped. As long as they keep
themselves there, nobody will attach any import-
ance to them; but I say, again, whenever that
Legislature execute the threats which have been
made in their name on this floor, to put their laws
in force, they will find themselves, in less than
six weeks, in the position of your friend Dorr.
I have one other observation to make; and that
is as to the everlasting talk which we hear about
the civil war that is to come in Kansas. It was
begun the second day of this session; and I be-
lieve before God that the idea never entered the
head of a man in Kansas until it went forth from
this Chamber. On that day the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] deplored the civil war that
was to come; but he would justify it if it did come.
A few days later the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] took it up; he, too, deplored
the civil war that was to come; but he would jus-
tify it if it did come. The Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Chandler] yesterday entertained the Sen-
ate with a detailed account of the victories that
would have been achieved if they had not been
prevented. I do not understand that style of
courage, and I do not appreciate it very highly.
I prefer that men should speak by their deeds on
these occasions, rather than,their words. Those
men who say what they would have done if some-
body had not. taken hold of them by the coat-tail,
never struck me as very powerful soldiers. They
remind me of the fop who is mentioned in Shak-
upeare, who was sent to call on Hotspur, and
who, after having been entertained with the pa-
rade of war, and feeling somewhat in love with
the business, declared—
 " that it was proat pity. wo it wn«,
Tiiat villainous saltpeter should be diirji'd
Out of the bowels ot the haimless earth
Winch many a good trill fi;ilo\v h.ul dostroy'd
So rowardlv ; and, but tor these vih; guns,
lie would himself have been a soldier."
Now we have it from the Senator from Maine;
he, too, deplores civil war; and he, too, would
justify it. Sir, there is no emergency in the his-
tory of this Government that can justify civil war;
and there is no emeigency that can justify a rep-
resentative of the people in this House, or in the
other House, ill so much as suggesting sueh a
remedy as that to his fellow-citizens at. either ex-
tremity of the Union. Sir, I trust the day will
never come when that style of argument in this
Chamber, or in the other, is to threaten members
on the one side or the other that, if tins be not
done, or that be not forborne, civil war is to be
the argument vouched in! I never wish to hear
that raised m this Chamber again whilst I have
the honor of a seat here. I do not think it is
within the rules of order; I do not think it is a
proper style m which a body of gentlemen should
be addressed, whether in the Senate or out of it;
and if I have any prayer on the subject, it. is that
those who invoke civil war may, if civil war should
come, be iis first victims.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would remind the Senator
from Ohio that our Rhode Island people got the
name of " Algermes" for pursuing pretty much
the course he has suggested. We issued, I be-
lievo, half a dozen proclamations inviting our
friends there to go home and rnind their own
1'usiness; but we aid not disturb them at ail until 1
they erected a fort and pointed their guns at us,
and people began to come in from other States,
and then we concluded to drop our hoes, and go
at them. _ Now, sir, I hope to "have nothing more
so, say this session about that question or about
civil war, I have not talked about civil war at all,
I believe, for I am not a fighter; I do not belong
to that tribe.
But, sir, I desire to ask the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, a question in regard to the amend-
ment which is pending. I desire to know what
the purpose is of providing thirty new companies
instead of enlarging the existing companies ? I
desire to know in order to satisfy myself, before
I vote, whether the Government lacks officers or
lacks men.
Mr. DAYIS. I will answer the Senator as
well as I can; but I must premise that this is not
a proposition of the Administration. I must fol-
low that, too, with another suggestion to the Sen-
ator, that the committee does not represent the
Administration, and that I am in no sense its organ.
As chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
I thought I represented the Senate; and for the
first time I now learn that, as chairman of a com-
mittee reporting a bill which was the conclusion
of the committee, the Administration is to be held
responsible for our conclusions, though they are
different from the recommendations of the Ad-
ministration, and that the committee is to explain
what the Administration desire by a proposition
which the Administration never submitted.
The Administration is entirely exempt from any
responsibility for these thirty companies, except
so far as it has asked for additional regiments.
The committee, finding the request of the Admin-
istration to be, that Congress would furnish ad-
ditional troops as a means of executing the duties
with which the Executive is charged, and pro-
posing to furnish the additional troops in a par-
ticular manner, have adopted, without, I believe,
any dissent in the committee, the theory that the
Administration was a proper judge of its wants;
thai in the absence of any proof that it had not
the necessities which it asserted, we would pro-
ceed on tho basis of supplying those wants. So
far from finding any proof that the Administra-
tion do not need additional troops, our conclusion
was that they do need them; and then we adopted
a plan of supplying their wants different from that
which the Administration suggested. Now, sir,
I am trying to make the answer full; I wish to be
understood; and if the Senator is satisfied with
my answer as it stands, I will stop.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was merely going to say
that I do not mean to question the propriety of the
mode adopted, but I wish to get at the facts.
Mr. DAVIS. The opinion of the committee
was, that the addition of the thirty companies
would give tho effective force to the Army, with
power to raise the companies in particular service
to a higher maximum than that now established
by law. Every calculation which has been made
by an opponent of the bill, has been based on the
supposition that every company was to consist of
ninety-six men. That is not the fact. Only in
pai ticular positions can they go up to ninety-six.
Then again it has been based on the supposi-
tion that every company was to be full. More
than once I have stated that that is a supposition
which cannot he verified in any actual condition,
either of peace or of war. The numbers con-
stantly sink. If they are filled up, the very next
occurrence by discharge, death, or disability, re-
duces the effective force, and it goes down until
another supply of recruits comes to fill it up to tho
maximum again. These thirty companies there-
fore will give not only greater efficiency by giving
a greater number of integral parts, but'will enable
you to fill up a greater number of integral parts,
and thus the loss will be less upon the whole than
ir you raise the maximum of particular compa-
nies and were not able thus to distribute it over a
greater number of companies. The number of
officers to be added will be three to each company,
and that ii was believed would increase the effi-
ciency of the Army.
Mr. SIMMONS. [ did not intend to provoke
discussion. I hope I said nothing offensive.
Mr. DAMS. I hope the Senaior will believe
I was not replying to him under the supposition
that lie had asked any question which he had not
tiie right to ask, and which it does not give me i]
; pleasure to answer; but he puts me in a position !j
i in which I have been so often placed by others, j!
! and which is not my true one. ii
; Mr. SIMMONS. I understand. I thought from j'
! the observations of the Senator on former days, j
that he proposed these thirty companies with a i!
view of rounding out the regiments to a certain
number in each. For that reason I wanted to
know whether there was a lack of subaltern offi-
cers, captains, and lieutenants, in the service now.
Ifso, I should be more inclined to favor the propo-
sition to add ninety officers of that description,
because, though I do not take any responsibility
of either opposing or promoting the views of the
Administration, I should be willing to take a
knowledge of the facts and circumstances on such
a matter from them; as 1 suppose the committee
did. I certainty did not suppose the Adminis-
tration were responsible for the committee not
going as the Administration requested them to do.
I think my intellect is not quite so cloudy as that.
But when I heard a proposition to add thirty
companies, equal to three existing regiments, I
wanted to compare it with the necessities of the
Government, to see whether the necessity could
not be supplied by adding men without officers.
I had supposed that the want was of men to fill
up the companies. We have skeleton regiments
and skeleton companies, and I take it that making
thirty more skeletons will not increase the Army
much. I want to fill up the skeleton companies,
if there is any service for them to do, and not pay
for useless officers.
If the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs says that there are not companies enough,
and that we should make the new officers, that is
another question; but, as I understand all tils-
speeches that have been made, (and I try to listen
to them without intending to participate in the de-
bate, and I do not think 1 should have got to talk-
ing again but for some of these questions about
rebellion,) if we are now short about five thou-
sand men, I cannot see, and I have heard nobody
state, why the President, with his officers, can-
not go on and recruit and fill up these companies
and regiments. I do not profess to be a military
man. It is as much as forty years since I was in
the service.
Mr. JONES. I wish the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of executive business; and with
that view, I move to postpone the further consid-
eration of this question until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will give way for that mo-
tion.
Mr. JONES. Then I move to postpone this
subject until to-morrow.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Senator'please to
withdraw it one moment? I will renew the mo-
tion for him.
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe we shall not have
time to get through with the bill to-night. I was
anxious to dispose of it to-day in order to accom-
modate the honorable chairman; but I have no
expectation that we shall. I think it is hut justice
to him that we should dispose of it as soon as we
possibly can. I wish to make some remarks on
it myself. I propose if there be no disposition
made of it, that it be postponed tn Monday at one
o'clock; or left as the unfinished business of to-
day.
The VICE PPRESIDENT. It goes over and
takes its appropriate place on the Calendar, if
nothing further be done.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe we have agreed to
adjourn over until Monday.
Mr. JONES. I renew my motion to go into
executive session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope if this bill is to go
over, we shall rescind the order for adjourning to
Monday, so as to finish it to-morrow. I feel it
my duty to insist on a vote on the proposition to
take up the Minnesota bill, and yet I do not wish '
to do it m onposition to the Army bill.
Mr. JONES. I believe my motion has prece-
dence. A motion to go into executive session is
a privileged one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas now is entitled to the floor. The Senator
from Iowa had the floor, but be yielded it to the
Senator from Texas, who said ha would renew
the motion for an executive session.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to deny any
courtesies to the gentleman, but I thought the plan
I suggested was the best for the purpose of get-
ting rid of this subject, as we cannot dispose of
it to-night. But I am perfectly willing to have
tiie question taken on the motion to reconsider
V
%
a
S
