1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12.
erics, and for registering- the same; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. HALE. I have in my hand a petition to
which I wish to get the attention of the Senate.
It is from a class of men who do not often trouble
the Senate, and a class of men who arc entitled to
our consideration if any class is. The petition
is signed by some twenty or thirty—1 have not
counted the number—of the inmates of the Mili-
tary Asylum of this District. They pray that
such compensation may be piovided for them as
the Government may deem just, as an equivalent
for their future subsistence, in preference to the
alternative of becoming residents of the Military
Asylum. If the Senate will indulge me for three
minutes, I wish to make a short statement of facts.
Since the attention of the Senate has been called
to this subject, I can say with perfect truth that
not a day has gone over my head, not even Sun-
day, that some old cripple on his crutches'", or some
lame or infirm old soldier, has not. been to me, as
1 had moved in this matter, with complaints of
the manner in which they are treated m this in-
stitution. They say that their money is not only
perverted, but they are literally imprisoned, for
they have not the privilege of going oft the grounds
withoutawritten pass. I move that this petition
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
with instructions to inquire into the condition and
state of affairs there, and report to this House. I
think, sir, if there is a single subject on which the
Senate are bound to act, it is their duty, by every
consideration that can address itself to them, to
see that these old veterans who have defended your
frontier, and carried the Hag of your country in
triumph to the capital of a neighboring nation,
shall not be wandering about this city making
complaints of the manner m which their contri-
butions for their own support aie perverted and
wasted by this Government. I hope the petition
will be lefuied to the Committee on Milit.uy
Affairs, with the instructions 1 have proposed.
Mr. WILSON". I hope, Mr. Piesident, that
the Senator from New Ilampshne will withdraw
hi# motion, and consent that amotion shall lie
made to refer this matter to a special committee.
I do not think the Committee on Military A Hans
can have the time this session to make the inves-
tigation that is demanded. I ha\e no doubt that
the grossest abuses exht, and [ hope that this pe
tition will be lefened to a special eommitti e; and
that it will take time and make a thorough inves-
tigation, and that the facts will come before the
Senate and the country in an authentic form If
abuses exist, let those abuses be coriected. 1 f un-
necessary complaints aie made, let it be under-
stood that there is no foundation for thore com-
plaints. i hope the Senator from Now Hampshire
will w ithdraw his motion, and move that a special
committee be appointed—a commuiee that can
n t tend to this investigation; fur I assure him t hat
the Committee on Military Affairs cannot devote
that, attention to the subject which it d< mands.
Mr. MASON. If I here are abuses existing at
this institution, they should of com se be inquired
into, exposed, and remedied; but I know veiy
well, as doubtless Hie honorable Senator who pre-
sented the petition does, that theie are vei y lew,
especially at the advanced ago that persons are
admitted into this asylum, wiio,fiom nature and
finding themselves under necessary lestiamts—
restraints nect f-sary for their own well-being and
for their comfort—aie not prone to complain, and
to complain oxtiavagantly, and with a great deal
of color. I know nothing of this institution in
the world, except that it has been established by
the Government for most benevolent and philan-
thropic purposes. I do happen to know one of
its officers, who has the charge, to some extent,
of the asylum. Of his actual administration of it
1 know nothing; but of his character 1 know that
which entities me to say that u is impossible that
actual abuses can exist unjlcr tho administration
of such a man. I do not mean, however, as hon-
orable Senators think it is a subject fit for inves-
tigation, to prevent an investigation; but I submit
that, as it belongs to the military establishment,
tho propt i nibunal to make the investigation is
the Miiiiary Committee. They will have time,
beyond all que^'-on, to make any examination
lb.it will be nocr^saiy to inquire into the facts.
Bat with every disposition to treat with proper re-
spect the complaints of the tenants at the asylum,
1 know enough of human nature to know that the
chances are very large that their complaints are
utterly unfounded; still, they should be inquired
into. If the honorable Senator, therefore, will
withdraw the motion he has made to refer it to the
Military Committee, I shall renew it; and being
the preferable motion, of course it will be first put.
Mr. HALE. I know nothingabout these mat-
ters. I introduced a resolution of inquiry at the
last Congress, and it was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. The Military Committee
made a report, which did disclose abuses. Upon
that report a vote was had by this body, and con-
curred in by the House of Representatives, abol-
ishing the asylum at Harrodsburg, Kentucky,and
ordering it to be sold. Since that, I have not been
to the hospital; I have not seen, or inquired, or
busied myself about it; but inasmuch as I intro-
duced the resolution, I do not state extravagantly
when I say, that a day does not pass over my
head, not even Sunday, when some one or more
of these old men do not come up hobbling to my
room, (and I room in a third or fourth story, 1 do
not know how high,) making these complaints. I
have simply discharged my duty by presenting
their petition, and making the appropriate motion.
It is with the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. The institution
of which the Senator speaks is, I believe! under
the charge of the War Department. I am very
certain that it is under the charge of officers of
the Army. I have seen specific and very grave
charges made in regard to the mismanagement of
the institution. If those charges are true, they
are outrageous. There can be no question of that,
if they are. true. How much of truth there may
be in them, I do not know, i know this: that it
is natural to all men m a dependenteondition con-
stantly to make complaints. I think it possible
that agteatdeal of tho complaint m this instance
is unjust; but 1 also think it possible that there
may be a good deal of just complaint. I believe
that, when the Government has attempted to es-
tablish a chanty like this—for it is htiie else than
that—and has gone to the expense that it has,
some sincere effort should be made to carry it out
in i he spirit in which it was framed. If there is any
pistiee whatever in the complaints that have been
made, the institution is woefully mismanaged.
I believe that the course suggested by the Sen-
ator fioru Massachusetts is the correct one. 1 do
not believe the Committee on Military A (fans can
go into this investigation and give to uthatatten-
ikmi which it shouMhave. It may be that it will
require but a very short investigation. It may,
however, be one of some consideiable length. 1
trust the matter will be referred to a select com-
mittee. Hy mere accident I am at this time thrown
at the head of the Military Committee;and 1 know
! that there is moie labor, more trouble thrown on
j my own hands, than I feel myself able to stand
| up to. In my opinion, the nature and chaiaotet
of those charges call at our hands for an investi-
gation of some suit; and that can best be had by
means of a special commit tee. If those in charge
of the institution are not fulfilling their duties and
acting m a spirit of more justice and liberality
1 than from the specific charges that I have seen
would appear, they ought to be taken away and
others piaccd tn their positions. Who is at the
head of the institution I do not know, and there-
foic I can speak with no personal feeling what-
ever. I hope the Senator will make his motion
for a special committee, and let it be investigated.
I cannot believe a special committee will be ob-
tained in this body to leport on this matter, that
■vould willfully do injustice to officers of the Army,
or others who may be in charge of the institution.
Mr. 1VE11S0N. 1 agree wth the Senator from
New Hampshire and other Senators in the opinion
that if one half, or one third, or a much smaller
propoitioti, of the complaints urged against the
officers of the institution be true, it is due to the
interests and the chaiacter of the country that a
severe investigation shou'd be had. I do not know
whether any "of them be true or not; but I will
take this occasion to say that one of the officers
implicated, Dr. lying, called on me a few days ago,
antl said to me that he  nvi:ed an investigation*,and
if the Senate did not institute one of its own ac-
cord, he would piese;ua memorial to the Senate,
asking that a committee be appointed for the pur-
pose of investigating, fully and critically, his con-
duct, at least. He not only invites, but demands,
an investigation ;and he is one of the officers who<c
conduct has been implicated in the management
of this institution, by the charges which have been
made. I know nothing about these charges; but
I think that where there is so much smoke there
must be some fire. That is my impression. I
fear that this institution has not been managed
in the manner that was intended by the charita-
ble disposition of Congress when it was organ-
ized; and I doubt very much whether it can or
ever will be so managed, under th« charge of offi-
cers of the Army; and it is generally placed under
old officers, who have grown gray in the service,
and who, from a long course of command, have
become probably too harsh in their management
of the common soldier. It is very difficult for
them to treat the soldier with that degree of len-
iency and charity and forbearance which the okl
worn out veteran probably demands at their hands.
The probability is, I think, from all I have heard,
that there is too much harsh treatment manifested
at the institution from the hands of the officers of
it towards the inmates, and that abuse, if it exists,
demands correction.
I doubt very much, too, whethct the finances
of the institution have been managed according
to the plan that Congress originally intended. At
any rate, there are complaints, there are charges,
urged against the managementof the funds of the
institution, which I think demand investigation.
Another thing; this institution is under the con-
trol and managementof a board of trustees—some
seven or eight or more Army officers. It is an
unwieldy concern. The responsibility is so much
divided that they pay little or no attention to it.
I think it very doubtful whether it be not neces-
sary to change the whole management of the in-
stitution, and take it from under a board of offi-
cers and put it under the control of the Secretary
of War, or some other Responsible person, who
will attend to it and manage it properly.
I am in favor of the investigation sought by the
Senator from New Hampshire, but I object pos-
itively and unequivocally to the investigation be-
ing imposed upon the Committee on Military
Affairs. Look, sir, at the condition of that com-
mittee. The chairman, we all know, is in such
a situation that he will be utterly unable, pioba-
bly, to attend to any of the active duties of a Sen-
ator, or a member of the committee, during the
present session. From the situation in which I
understand he is, I think it extremely doubtful
whether he will be able to attend to any of the
duties of the commutee during the rest of the
session. Another member of the committee,
yourself, sir, is in the chair, and the duties which
yon are called upon to perform in the chair ren-
der it wholly impracticable for you to attend to
anything else. You could not go to the Asylum
to'make an investigation. I think it will be ne-
cessary for a committee, if they investigate the
subject thoroughly, to visit the Asylum, to look
into all its details. To investigate all the facts
will require a great deal of personal labor. It
will require the examination of many witnesses.
It will require an investigation into the finances
of the institution, an examination into the effects
and bearing of the board of trustees appointed to
manage this concern. There are various subjects
connected with it which, I think, require investi-
gation, and probably reform. It maybe neces-
sary to reform the institution entirely, its man-
agement and control. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affaus, I am satisfied, will not have it m its
power to give that attention to this subject which
its importance demands. The business of that
committee, from the condition of the chairman
and other members of the committee, is very mucn
behindhand. It has now a large mass ofbusmess
before it, which I think it will be utterly unable
to transact during the residue of the session. I
know that so far as I am concerned, as a member
of the committee, it will be impracticable for me
to give any attention to this investigation. I am
already chairman, as the Senate knows, of tho
Committee on Claims, the most laborious posi-
tion, perhaps, that can be assigned to any Sen-
ator. We have now, perhaps, more than one
hundred cases to investigate m that commutee,
besides those which have already undergone our
scrutiny. It is a laborious service; and adding
that to the ordinary duties of a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs, it would be utterly
