£576
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
to an extent that we cannot now foresee. I hope
that the few who are leading in this movement
will reflcct. The question of these internal im-
provements is before the Senate already in-another
form. I hope they will reflect, and not destroy the
consistency of gentlemen on this point. Leave
the measure to general legislation in accordance
with the usual custom hitherto, and do not now
start a new system that must result in conflicts
between this House and the other and perhaps
in the loss of appropriation bills, which would be
seriously detrimental to the public interests and
drive many of the very best friends of these meas-
ures from their support altogether. I cannot,
for one, consistently, with my belief, vote to place
these measures on the general appropriation bills;
although bills are now reported here in favor of
my own State, I cannot regard it as honest legis-
' lation to do so, and 1 hope it will not be insisted
upon.
Mr. BAJTARD. I desire to know whether this
appropriation, which is proposed by the honor-
able member from Michigan, comes from a com-
mittee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that it does not.
Mr. BAYARD. If it does not come from a
committee, 1 ask, further, the question, whether
any resolution has passed the Senate authorizing
such an appropriation?
Mr. CLAY. No.
Mr. BAYARD. Then, if the question of order
has not been raised for the decision of the Chair,
I must raise it. "Without at all promulgating any
opinions on the subject of internal improve-
ments  
ThePRESIOTNGOFFICER. Thernisaques-
tion pending on the admissibility of the amend-
ment, and the Chan* has Submitted thatquestion
to the Senate, because it is disputed whether the
papers presented here are estimates from the head
of a Department or not.
Mr. BAYARD. The question, then, is sub-
mitted to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is: " Shall the amendment be received?" •
Mr. BAYARD. 1 am sorry the Chan- did not
decide it, because our decision this morning seems
to me to cover it. I shall not take this occasion
to promulgate my opinions on the subject of in-
ternal improvements; I am willing they should
rest upon my votes in other cases; but it ja very
evident to me that if we attempt to ingraft, on a
general appropriation bill for other purposes, a
system of internal improvements, it will lead to
interminable confusion. It is literally out of order
altogether; and not only is it out of order, but it
is impracticable legislation. If an honorable fcjm-
ator from one State can move an appropriation
which he considers desirable as connected wnh
his Slate, and which may be of importance to the
country at large, and the Senate ingraft it on a
bill of this kind, of course other Senators will
feel it nocexsary, where improvements exist in
their own States whh-h also may be important to
the country at large, to include them, and we shall
thus really be considering questions which are
alien to the bill. The whole proceeding is irreg-
ular in itself. If I understand the decision of the
Senate this morning in a dilferent aspect on an-
other amendment, this amendment is eleaily out
of order. No vote of the Senate has recognized,
at this session, the propnety of the appropriation;
no committee has proposed the appropriation.
Then, by the express terms of the rule, it is not
in ord'-r to propose it as an amendment to a gen-
oral appropriation bill. This is a general appro-
priation bill; ami therefore 1 think the amendment
is entnely out of older. Without inference, there-
fore. to whether I would vote for Jt or against it,
as a sepaiate measure, (for I do not think it ne-
cessary to disclaim as to what would be my vote
when it comes appropriately before us,) I hold
myself bound to adhere to something like order
in the 'cushions of the Senate. I shall vote against
any and all amendments of this kind, desirous as
I might be to move an amendment of a similar
kind, which in some measure connects it with my
own State, but which 1 should consider I had no
right to move as an amendment to this bill.
iYir BROWN. The question before the Senate,
as I understand it, is, whether we shall receive
this amendment? Well, sir, I must say, with per-
fect deference to the judgment of my colleague and
other gentleman who- have spoken to the Senate,
that I shall vote to receive it, because I believe it
is in order. I shall vote against the amendment
when it is once received: that is altogether a dif-
ferent question. The language of the rule is that
the amendment must be in pursuance o*f an esti-
mate from the head of a Department. I take it
that if a resolution passes the Senate calling for
an estimate, and it is sent in, it is as much an es-
timate as though it was sent in by the head of 9.
Department without the call. The rule is not that
it shall be in pursuance of a recommendation by
the head of a Department, or that he shall, in any
manner, commit himself for or against the pro-
posed improvement. You do not ask his opinion
as to whether the work ought to be made,01* ought
not to be made. What you want of him is to tell
you how much it will cost: whether it will cost
so many thousand dollars, or so many mere thou-
sand, that you may exercise a judgment as to
whether the work will be worth the cost of it, you
reserving to yourselves the right to judge as to
whether the work ought to be done or not, on the
estimated cost sent to you; and therefore the head
of a Department is not called upon, it would be
impertinent—I use the term in no offensive sense
—to volunteer an opinion as to whether the work
ought to be made 01* not. You do not ask him for
an opinion; you simply ask him to tell you how
much it would cost; you determining for your-
selves whether you will or will not make the im-
provement. Why do you ask? If it cost half a
million dollars to deepen the St. Clair flats, the
Senate might refuse; if it only cost $50,000, the
Senate might then adopt it. What you want to
know is simply how much money it will take to
do the work, and that is all the Secretary is called
upon to furnish you. He does not furnish you
any estimate made by himself individually. He
can make none. How can the Secretary of War
know what it would cost, personally? Me must
rely upon the judgment of engineers, persons
schooled in the art. of surveying, who make an
examination and send him their reports; and, re-
lying on their science and their skill, he adopts
their estimate as his own, and aends it to you.
That is all he can do; that is all the nature of the
case admits of; but he does not recommend you
to apply the money; he does not say you ought
to apply it; he does not say anything about that;
he has no business to say anything about it.
Thus understanding the case, I think the pro-
posed amendment comes within the lule. It is
an estimate, us I understand it; for this is inform-
ation sent here in obedience to a resolution of the
Senate, that it is scut through the head of a De-
partment; not that he says kv this is my estimate,"
but he sends it in, in obtdicneu to your resolu-
tion. Half the mi'ui mation you call for through
the President we all know comes from tl\e De-
partment.? and bureaus; you do not expect the
President to know anything about it personally;
but he sends .t Lhrouyji the Departments; butitis
his act when he sends it here, and he simply sends
the facts without comment on them one way or
the other. Thus regarding the case, I shall vote
to receive the amendment; and then when it is
once received 1 shall vote against it on its merits.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate receive this amendment?
Mr. PCJG1X. I aoiv for the yea.1? and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. With the consent of the Sen-
ate, I will withdraw the point of order, and take
the question on the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 think, under the rule, after
I have looked at the question about estimates, that
if there has been an estimate from the Depart-
ment, the amendment is not objectionable to a
point of Older. It is simply a question of the in-
congruity of the amendment, and the. impropriety
of Jt.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw the question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment itself. On that the Chair
understands the yeas and nays have been de-
manded.
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wish to occupy
about three minutes of the time of the Senate. I
hold in my hand, as 1 said before, the estimate of
the Secretary of War for the amount it will cost
to complete this improvement of the channelover
the St. Clair flats. The Committee on Commerce
have reported a bill granting about one half, in
other words, the sum of $23,421, to protect the*
channel over the St. Clair flats. The estimates
from the War Department show that $54,037" will
complete the channel.
I have here a map of the St. Clair fiats; and if
Senators will look at it, they will perceive that a
channel is being excavated from this point to this,
a distance of four thousand one hundred and sev-
enty-five feet in a straight line. At present ves-
sels have to make a circuit of seven miles, and
have to box the compass almost, to take every
wind that blows, to get around that channel. I
ask that this amount, as estimated by the Secre-
tary of War, may be appropriated on the bill,
and I will tell you why. I hold in my hand letters
of recent date, from the engineer who has charge
of the work, Captain Whipple, one of the ablest
engineers in the Army, from which I will read a
few brief extracts. He says:
Detroit, A-pril 19,1858.
"My dear Sir: The work upon the St. Claii flats hag
been recommenced, and f am happy to inform you that my
examinations prove that the cut made last year remains
constant. It has not filled up, as many predicted.
" Tinee (hedges and one tug are now at work widening
the cut. I expect another diedge and another tug fronj
Buffalo foi this woiU 111a few days'! With these four dredges
and two steam-tugs, the remnant of the last appropriation
will soon bo used up; tbeieforG, I have considerable anx-
iety in iclaiion to the addition lor which Congress lias been
asked. Upon the fate of that lull depend* the question of
anccp^. Give me the amount of my estimate, and I have
no doubt of being able to obtain an excellent channel
through the flats."
Under date of May 3, he writes:
" I rcgict tluit the impostance of an appropriation for St.
Clair fiau fails to he appreciated in Congress. The con-
tractor has now four dredging machines and two steam-tugs
at work, so as to complete the chaimcl tins season,if Con-
will grant the means. Fifty thousand now would do
more good than twice that sum next year, J believe."
The amount asked to complete the channel is
only $51,037. The Senate will bear witness that
I have persistently, porsevenngly sought to pass
a sepai ate bill for this improvement from tire
opening of the session. Nearly four months ago,
I introduced a bill and sent it to the Committee
011 Commerce. I applied at the office of the Sec-
letaiy of War for the estimates, maps, and all
the information requisite, and submitted the pa-
pers to the Committee on Commerce. They slept
in their hands for more than three months. Since
then, I have been using my best efforts to get a
bill before the Senate, believing they would pass
it. There is no hope, in my estimation, of pass-
ing the measure at this time when it is so much
needed, unless wo can introduce it upon this ap-
propriation bill. The question of order is with-
drawn, and I believe it is just as much in place,
and far more important in this bill, than any other
appropriation in it. 1 will notoceupy the time of
the Senate, but I hope the Senate-will adopt this
amendment as a part of this bill at once.
Mr. PUGII. 1 am loath to disagree to the
appeal nuado by the Senator from Virginia, the
Senator from Arkansas, and others; but I do not
think, m justice to the people whom 1 have the
honor m part to represent, that this amendment,
and other amendments winch I shall hereafter
propose, ought to be withdrawn. If I believed,
us some of those Senatois do, that those appro-
priations were unconstitutional, 1 would not vote
for them on any bill anywhere, but I believe they
arc as legitimate as any appropriations in this
bill, and that this is the place where they ought
to be, and ought to be every year. What is this
bill for' The first item is " survey of the coast;"
and under that I find £t for continuing the survey
of the Atlantic and Gulf coast," so many hundred
thousand dollais; " for continuing the survey of
the western coast," so many hundred thousand
dollars;ii for continuing the survey of the Florida
reefs and bays, and running a line to connect the
trian<rulation on the Atlantic coast with that of
the Gulf of Mexico, across the Florida peninsula;"
and so 011 a whole chapter. Then there is a chap-
ter 011 the light-house establishment, and then we
come to the survey of the public lands, and then
here are some other items:
£c Foi compensation of two superintendents forlife-savin®
stations on the coasts of Long I&laud and New Jersey,
$3.0U0
"'Tor compensation of fifty-four keepers of stations, at
$200 each, S'lO.SCO.
"For contingencies of life-saving apparatus on the coast
of the TTmtcd States, $J2,009,,}
