THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session*.
WEDNESDAY, JU3NE 2, 1858.
New Series..;.No. 162.
the Unm
and then to say: 1
:i over
ill fail
How much have you expended for the pro- ;
lection of life on lake Eric? That is unconstitu- j
tionall It is very constitutional on the coast of !
New Jersey. It is the general appropriation hill, :
it is the regular appropriation bill, it is the orderly !
appropriation bill to give money to save life on !
the coast of New Jersey, but it is \ery unconsti- ,
tutional to do it on the coast of Ohio, or Michi-
gan, or Wisconsin. The whole bill is full of
cases. If you put them on the ground of public ,,
* woiks, look at the appropriations of millions on j.
millions to be spent m the Pistuct of Columbia.
If it is not the business of the Government of
the United States to protect the life and property
concerned m the navigation of the lakes, those
who think so ought to vote such a piopositwn
down anywhere. Those who think othoiwise j
ought to insist that the Government shall dis- 11
tubutc its favors equally — no, not its favors,
but shall discharge its duties equally, if it is the
duty of the Government to do this, the Govern- ':
ment neglects its duty. That is my reason for
voting to put it on this bill, and I behove it be-
longs to this bill. I do not intend, because some ;
of the Executive Departments choose to reeom- !
mend some poitions of the appropi laUons due
from the Government and to leave out others, |
that theiefore we shall be here os members of
Congress merely to register their donees. This, /
then, is a vita! diffctetjce between s:onic of those ,
Senatois who make this objection, and those 1
who agree with mo. They think the Govt fo-
ment on:;ht not to do it. I Sty if the Govern- ,
rnent ought not to do it, it ought not to lie on any
bill; but if it is the busmeas of the Government ;
to do it, if tin y have token fiom us the means
of dmnsr it oiu^elves, if they have forbidden it
to us and taken it into their own hands, then it
is our duty5 lepresenting the people concerned, to :
insist that'll shall go oil the regular appiopna-
tion bill.
Senatois tell me it will defeat the bill. I cannot
help that; let it d< feat the bill. If this Gove rn- (
ment cannot discharge us duty to the western ;
country, let the bill fail Such an event has no
terrors for me. Am I to stand here md tax my
constituents year af;er 3'ear, to wimg fiom their
wasces, mi otder th.it you may build gu'at public
woiks in the District of Columbia, a
:f you off'f to put en it that which the Government
ouirht to d" fu- your pat t of the Union ?" Let it
fail. Probably when one of these hi!!* lur: failed,
the execul;\e one^i.s of this Govt mment wol nil-
del stand what the tnapnity ufthe p' oidu'tj it pre- 1
scntafiVi s inteiid to do.
Now, s:r, I say a.-am, this Government is as ,
much bound to take can <>i those impiovemonts,
and take care of thorn e\ery year, as she js to
survey the Atlantic and Pacific coasts; and tnis
miscellaneous bill which consists of items of this
description, is the very place for these oppropri- '
ations. I shall notcnlv vote for the amendment
of thr Senator fiom Michigan, but I shall move
to add to lithe pi o vis; on o f the o ther bills, win oh
the Committee on Commerce, upon the estimates
reported, have sno^vn us to bo proper foi tnesci- •
vice of the next hseal year. I send tne amend-
ment to the Chair.
Mr. CLIAXDLr.n and Mr. SUIMCLn j. uct
us liave one at a time.
Mr. PUGii. I thmk wo had better have tne
whole dose at once. - * r
The Secretary proceeded to read Mr. Pccij
amendment. . . .
Mr. 1LUXTETt. I hardlv thmk it is worth
while to rwad the amendment: we know what it
'"Mr PUGII. Art the Senator f'om Michigan
seems to thmk he can co't ahmg better by b imsei^,
I withdraw my pi oposition tor the present, but jl ,
shall offer it if Ins prevails,
Mr. IJA YARD. 1 resetted to hear the remarks
of the honorable Senator fiom Ohio, because i
am one of those who believe that sectional ques-
tions can be raised apart bom the question of sla-
very. It is not the i'a'st time i have heard thai
honorable Senator endeavor to impress upon the
mind of the Senate the idea that there was a dis-
position in the Atlantic States or the old States
to refuse to the western States the same character
of appropriations that they claim forthemselves. I
think his views are unjust. I can see nothing in this
bill of a similar character to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator fiom Michigan. There is
not a work of construction attempted in the bi'l.
Light-houses may exist in any part of the coun-
try, and I have heard no Senator contend that a
light-house on the lakes was not just as competent
to be appropriated form this bill us a h^ht-house
on the Atlantic coast. Eut, sn, this, as every one
understands, is not a bill for the improvement of
rivers and the conjunction of harbors. The ap-
propriations in this bill, be they contingent or
miscellaneous or not, have no connection with a
measuie of that kind. A ii\or and harbor bill is
perfectly undeistood, and e\cry member of (ho
Senate undei Mauds whether an appn>pi uition falls
within a class tluit ought to be included m such a
bill or not. My objection to this pioposition is,
that it is jneonmihuis to flu- hili; that it is an at-
tempt to weave into a bill of this kind, which is
a general appiopi lation bill connected with what
are- conceded to he the pMopt y duties of the Go\-
ernment, a system of improvcmi nts which nwmy j
membeis of the Senate believe to be unconstitu- ^
tionul and lmpiope!*, and which, otheis think, 1
though it may be within tin c<nisiiuiuomd pow- j
1 Cl'>ot th(. Go\rl lllOeOt, OU'LO.l tO be le.-^tlted, vUld 1
ought, at all events, to be the subj -ct ot s.-para'o '
; cons'doratum, in ,i j-oparato b.ll. Wo have never j
1 yet, to my knowledge, attempted to t:ek on an i
appiopi lation bill of tins kind a i iver and harbor !
! bill—i caie not v/hetln r it is for the protection or j
; repair or extension of inmrovements. They are i
bills of a ddhuent chamber aitugetbei; they do j
| not connect themselves v.tth this bib; they aie ;
; incongruous to it; and tkonirh I nn'iht !>• 'JiNp-of ed :
i to \ote for a ri\ei and hatbiir Lnil, whate^Lr F |
: might do as to any i'ufuie v oiks. I wuuld \ote for j
, works already commenced, looking to the gen- ,
I oral importance of the Wvnks,nnd to the stamot '
| the TreM.su: y  as my ^unle to det'omu" thenum- i
j ber and amount of appi oprnvtions. Jt seems to j
j me utteily incompatible with the condition of ths j
| country, or any lule of order in the Senate, that j
j an appropriate a of that kmd should be plac d m j
! tins bill/because it makes coeiene legislation. ]
j The honorable fjeiv.tor liom Ohio may deem it j
of no impei tanee whmhi < tins bill i-houid be ie- ■,
i j. ct'-d or u.it, he may thmk it would lead to a j
(h'snable iv-mh; that bv as i .< yin^, sietional mJlu- ]
em o you slxand (b'te.it a biii which connects it- j,
self with tlie genei n! iati lests of the coul.tiy. I<0 |i
1 it so 
i Mr. PUGII. Wiiera did tlie Senator get the
' idea of a seeiional ane^i-m? Th.o clmi^o was
i made that it v. .is mcongiuous to this bill, and I I
' was replying to that. j
t Mr. -BAYAlU). 1 spoke only f;om the Sena- j
; tor's nvai lan-uage. He nam- d no one, but he ^
, appealed geiu raliv th<a an appropriation \\ -vs i',on- ^
s'itutionai if it was made i^r the Atlantic sea- !
! board,andit was not constitutional ifitwasmado i
| for the 1hke.j. Tltat is what the honrnvble Sen- ,
j ator announced. "What does that mean r We all ;
1 undeisl«uid it. Sir, in my ieebm;-;, I never ask
myself the question wheie an lmpiovnunt is
; located, or wii'U'o an expenditure is to be made, ■
i, piovided it is to he made m tin* Umted States. I i
do not desne to see any such feebn^ exist in the |
■ yeiiate. i would just as < h( erfuuy vole for an |
linmovem.-nt m tin: State of Mieh.^\n, or in the :
State of Ohio, as for one within the borders of j
; my own .Scan-. Hut the; question whi.h must !
: alv/o''Ts a rn <• iwhet her the matter js yppiopriatc
to the par; u-ular hilt beibi e the Senate, and whether ;
the gen-ual intoiests of the country lequnv the |
' paitieular appopnation, if it is pioper and con- j
grnoas vrith'the bill. i jogret whenever 1 hear '
1 Sen.'.tors prrs>'ng a measure on a gronnd which
1 is calcuioted > > rally a s-'otional jnfioence for the
' purpose of ca.rymg it, "\Vhtue\er it bceennesthe
doclmic m the U.iitctl States that the different sec-
tions of the country can rally for the purpose of
carrying measures without regard to the propriety
of those measures otherwise, you may bid fare-
well to the harmony of the Pmon. 1 am per-
fectly aware, and e\cry one must see that, in a
few years, the power of this country, at least in
the repicsentative branch, must pass to the grea
West. My hope is that, in the exercise of that
power, she will exhibit the same adherence to the
bVdeial Constitution and repaid to the rights of
the whole Union, that has hithcito characterized
the course of the Atlantic States.
Mr. WADE. I am sorry to detain the Senate*
at this peuod of the session, and I shall not do so
for mote than a very few minutes, i agree in every-
thing my colleague lias suggested on this subject.
1 thmk the argument he has made in favor of the
proposition before the Senate, has not been and
cannot be answered. If these improvements are
to be made, I know of no place more proper for
the appiopi Mtions for them than this bill. This
is the miscellaneous appropriation bill, it contains
a great many provisions of a general nature that
do not differ m principle, no far as I can see,from
the one inidoroonsidorniion. The provisions made
for surveying the coast I understand to be upon
the same principle precisely as the improvement
of harbois on the lakis,or the rivet s of the coun-
try. It l&in fui tberauce of the commerce and nav-
igation ot the country. There are a gieat many
piovisions in this miscellaneous bill of a kindred
< hasactei. 1 know it would be better to have them
all m a bill by themselves, as they commonly have
been; and I was anxious that the bills reported
some time ago by the Committee on Commerce
should have been passed; but it was intimated, in
language that could not be misunderstood, by the
chanman of that commit tee, that those bills would
not be sufeied to pass at tins stage of the session.
If I construed his decimation aright, H was that
they t\ould be argued down if they were placed
in a bill by tin tn.v Ives. Yv'hen un intimation of
th,a kind was ^iven, u seemed to diive us to the
necessity of putting them upon some appropria- i
tion bill; and it is not meongi uous, fori say again,
, there are many provisions of this bdl that are m
! pi meiple precisely like the amendment. _
! There are some, undoubtedly, who believe that
, it is perfectly constitutional and light to expend
; vast sums of money in order to survey the A tlantic
' coast, and that it is entirely unconstitutional to im~
■ prove the navigation of the lakes. To me the pria-
, < inle of the two piovjsioms seems to be the same;
th'ey aie both for the same puipope; and all you
can say j«>, that one is ior the Atlantic and the other
for the Wi st; and that, heretotore, has created a
: diiference which i belie\e has been recognized.
1 Sir, it is tune ior benatois from the West to insist
■ upon their lights. Suppose these improvements
, have not lieo tofore been ingrafted on an appro-
j pi lation bill, 1 ask any gentleman here, do they
1 differ in principle from many things that are con-
tained m tins bill? 1 know very well that there
are many Senators who will neither vote for these
uv asuns as an amendment to an appropriation
bill or as a separate bill, because tbey believe them
to be imconrututioneJ. 1 expect no vote from that
side; but I say to the friends of these measures,
J hope you will not be so fastidious as to object
to this movement because you suppose this is not
exactly the time to get that justice which belongs
. to us of the West. To the f'nends of these lm-
i provements I say, be not over nice where you go
for a measuiengluin itself. Itisnotparticularly
|1 mappiopi late that these appropriations should be
: mseited m this bill; here is the place for them;
j heie is the place where their enemies cannot talk
i them to death without peril. I hope the real
1 friends of these measures will vote for the amend-
■' ment. I know that to their enemies there is 110
' place appropwate for them. "Vou cannot provide
I a tune, v place, or a manner, when it will be right
!| to bring them forward; but I trust those who are
heartily the friends of these improvements will
' not be over nice as to the time and pk.ee of passing
i. them, provided m so doing they conflict with no
P fair rule of the Senate- It is admitted that they
