1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Western Advancement, etc.—Mr. Cox.
Ho. op Reps.
most happy firesides." That all the resistance
given by Crabb and his men was given pursuant to
the first great law of nature—the right of self-de-
fense and the instincts of self-perservation—when
fired upon from ambuscades whilst " quietly pur-
suing their way on the road between wheat fields,
and in no kind of military array," without notice,
or parley, or call to surrender. That, after Crabb
and his men had surrendered, whether they had
been promised a fair trial or not, and no matter how
unconditionally, then to rob them, strip them, tie
them, and shoot them, were deeds of such unmiti-
gated barbarism and atrocity as demands the exe-
cration of mankind. That this outrage and enorm-
ity, perpetrated on our countrymen who had not
ceased to be citizens, because within the territory
of Sonora, together with the unmitigated and inex-
cusable murder of four of our countrymen on our
own soil, demanded the instant intervention of our
Government and punishment of the offenders; and
that our Government is recreant to the highest and
holiest obligations to its citizens and to its honor,
or even decency, if it permits such deeds as these
without the sternest reprobation and the severest
punishment. Let me quote, in this connection,
the indignant and manly language of our Minis-
ter, Mr. Forsyth, in his masterly protest to the
Mexican Government:
" The undersigned has read the cool official account of this
plaughter by fur-ilade with thor-e feelings of indignation and
hoiror which will thnll tlnough every manly bosom in the
civilized world which its. recital shall reach. Shooting un-
armed prisoners without trial, and in cold blood ! and this
a deed done in the nineteenth century—a deed done by a
Christian people, taught by a Christian priesthood m ten
thousand temples of worship devoted to the inculcation of
the benignant pt eccpts of the mild Savioj of mankind ! The
world had a rieht to hope that time and enlightened reason
had banished liom the war code of Chustum nations of the
Spanish tongue the punciple and the piactice of sacrificing
in cold blood prtsoneis who had been spared by the foitune
of war from the storm of battle, and that that gieat crime
against humanity was hencefoith only to be known to the
wild savages of the forests and plains. Apart from its bar-
barity, ft was to have been hoped that the horrid impolicy
of the custom, and the retributive vengeance winch, by
Almighty fiat, is certain to follow, had been illuminated in
letters of blood at Alamo and Goliad—blood which geimin-
ated a harvest of pregnant events m the history of Mexico.
u Taking the worst aspect of this case tor Oiabb and his
men, admitting that they wete outlaws and pirates, the
undeisigned charges that they have not had meted to them
that even-handed justice which the laws of nations accoid
to the worst class of criminals against the human family.
The pirate who roams the ocean with the black emblem of
death at his mast-head; who robs and murders the people
of all nations indiscriminately; who respects no flag, no
nationality, no sex or tender age ; who sets at defiance the
law  of God and man; who is outlawed by the common
eonsent of mankind, as kostis humani generis; even this
monster of vice, when oveicome m battle by the cruiser of
a civilized State, is not put fo death on the spot. By every
law, human and lTtvme, the commander who should so deal
with hiin would be accounted a murderer. Even this, mon-
ster is entitled to a tnnl; and it i« the duty of the naval offi-
cer who captures him to send him to a constituted tribunal
on shore having jurisdiction of his crime.
" It is perfectly clear to the mind of the undersigned that,
whether Crabb and his men were prtsoners of war, and a--
such entitled to their lives, or pirates, and as such entitled
to a trial—in either event, they have been unlawfully put
to death."
One or two words more, Mr. Chairman, and I
have done. In whatever view you regard the con-
duct of Colonel Crabb, whether as a peaceful emi-
gration or a warlike invasion, and however you
may regard the conduct of the officers and people
of Sonora in the butcheries of which I have com-
plained, this, at least, is certain: that it is the duty
of this Government to prevent in future the re-
currence of such horrible atrocities. The only
peaceful method of doing this is to show ourselves
ready and able to protect our citizens along the
coast and within the limits of Sonora and the ad-
jacent Mexican Slates, and, at the same time, to
restiain every violation by our people of their
rig'its in those tempting fields of enterprise and
adventure. This can alone be done by a display
of our naval force m the Gulf of California, which
washes, forfivehundred miles, its western border,
with innumerable inlets and bays jutting into its
:nterior; and the appointment of one or more con-
sular agents to reside at convenient and appro-
priate localities. Let me read what our Minister
to Mexico, Mr. Forsyth, says on this subject!
<l I beg to urge again upon the Department the importance
to the protection of American interests of the occasional
display of the American flag tu the poits of Mexico and on
both coasts. It is nearly or quite two years smeeonoof our
cruisers has been seen in Mevican waters. Their occasional
presence is absolutely necessary to protect our citizens, es-
pecially our seamen, fiorn the abuse of power by rapacious
local officials. Nearly all the cases of complaints made by
our people to this legation spring from this source, and such
is the state of the country, that the supreme Government,
with the best intentions, (for it i* the cause of immense
trouble to, and endless reclamations against its treasury,)
is not able to preventit. An occasional visit by a naval com-
mander, with instructions to inquire into personal Ameiican
grievances, would produce a most happy effect, and save a
great deal of loss and suffering. Their absence is attributed
to weakness; and Mexican local officials, while having un-
bounded respect for the strong, are sure to prey upon the
unprotected. This is a topic of constant communications
to this legation from Americans in all parts of the country,
and they complain bitterly and justly of their unprotected
condition, especially in contrast to that of British and French
subjects.'5
This extract leaves nothing fo be added. It is
itself a demonstration. The light draught sloops
proposed are precisely adapted to visit and enter
the various ports along the entire Mexican coast,
and to excite the respect and to afford the protec-
tion, so essential to the interests of American com-
merce, the safety of our people, and the honor of
our country. Whilst, at the same time, they would
no less secure the provinces of Mexico against
lawless invasions of our own people; guarantee-
ing, in this double influence, the best interests of
both nations, by the economy which follows
peace, and the peace which follows prudence.
WESTERN ADVANCEMENT— FEDERAL REVENUE,
LOANS AND EXPENSES.
SPEECH OF HON. S. S. COX,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
June 13, 1858.
The House bring in Committee of the Whole on Hou^e
bill (No. 5."i0) making appioprwiuon^toi light-houses, kc.—
Mr. COX said:
Mr. Chairman: I made the motion to strike out
of the bill the lines from sixty-seven to seventy-
four from no special hostility to the appropriation
included between those lines. That portion of
the bill appropriates $G9,900 for the commence-
ment and completion of an lion screw-pile light-
house at or near the entrance to the channel of the
Mississippi river.
Mr. PENDLETON. What is an iron screw-
pile light-house ?
Mr. COX. That is what I would like to know.
But this bill is for new structures, and it is rushed
through with such speed as to defy investigation.
The Cleikat the desk has read it with locomotive
rapidity. There has scarcely been a crevice m
which to slip m an amendment, or to ask an ex-
planation.
I have no special hostility to New Orleans or
Louisiana interests. I shall withdraw my amend-
ment after I make my objections, because I see
there is no use in stopping the progress of the bill.
My objection is not to the bill as a part, but as a
whole." It is sectional. It ignores the West. It is
got up on salt-water principles. 11is intended to
help the Atlantic sea-board, with enough thrown
in to obtain some western votes. The original bill
reported calls for the sum of §290,000. Amend-
ments are moved which will iuii it up to $330,000.
Of this laige sum, how much does the West get
by the generosity of the reporting committee?
Wisconsin .$18,000 00
Michigan  11,000 00
Minnesota  5.000 00
$34,000 00
The balance of the appropriation of near three
hundred thousand dollars is distributed along the
Atlantic, fiom New Hampshire to Texas. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, who reports the
bill, gives to his own State $81,417 60. Florida
and Texas wind up the line of " new lights" with
the modest sum of $160,351 10. This, for a slim
Treasury, would seem to be sufficiently modest.
I do not object to these sums for these points so
much as I do to the discriminating policy of these
bills. It is a policy which taxes the great West
for improvements, which, while they are needed
on the coast, arc equally demanded on the west-
ern lakes and rivers.
It is the policy of a good government to foster
such improvements. 1 have no prejudice against
commerce. I have loved to contemplate, and shall
always vote to foster, its benignant interchanges.
For this great end, I would reciprocate the con-
duct of other maritime Powers for our and their
benefit, and let the light shine abundantly at all
the perilous points on our coast.
But there is a good and a bad mode of legisla-
tion on these bills of local improvement. These
bills grow sectional under the managing hand of
ourcommittees. Our committees regulate these
matters. As they report, so the House acts gen-
erally. And it is in view of the marked inequal-
ity of the distribution of these improvements that
I oppose the bill.
Gentlemen cannot complain of our withholding
protection to ocean commerce. The West has
been generous in this regard. If she were more
niggardly, she might have ha'd more considera-
tion. She does not " calculate" so much as our
Atlantic States. It is high time she began it. Her
own commerce, on river and lake, far exceeds
that of the sea-board States. Her commerce is
notso much endangered from the hostility of other
nations; but it is in equal danger from the ele-
ments; from snag and rock, from storm and fire.
I voted your ten sloops—not so much because i
feared a war as because I wanted the peace kept,
and your commerce protected from outrage oy
search and seizure. I will take the responsibility
of that vote; but I will not of voting this bill.
This bill provides for new buildings. It is not
a bill to supply old light-houses. When gentle-
men wish new erections for their localities, they
should be generous to others. Ohio pays one
tenth of this expenditure. She is willing to pay
it; but the snags remain in her beautiful river; and
the lake which washes her northern boundary,
and which bears a tonnage equal to that of Mas-
sachusetts, Florida, and Texas combined, is neg-
lected. Her representative is compelled to come
in by way of amendment to get enough to rebuild
a light-house at Vermillion, which the storm has
swept away.
A Senator from my State [Mr. Pugh] intro-
duces a bill calling for $500,000 for the rivers and
harbors of the West. The highest considerations
of a great interest, constantly suffering, and ever
urgent for relief, which he urges, are met by the
cry, *' Thin Treasury ! We cannot doit now!
Wait till our imports increase, and our revenues
return as they were! Wait till trade revives and
loans arc paid ! Wait till the embarrassments of
individuals stop those of the Government, and a
full Treasury comes again !" And on this almost
unanswerable plea his bill for rivers and harbors
is voted down; but bring in your Washington
water-works and ask millions, and your Capitol
extension in this city, and ask $1,0004)00; and
your city police, and your Washington gas, and
your paving Pennsylvania avenue, and your city
court and Patent Office extensions; and lo! the
lamp of Aladdin, by some magic, makes the
Treasury run, like the Pactolus, with gold ! There
is nothing too extravagant for this city and the
sea-board for which the Treasury is not adequate!
The country knows how we were compelled to
fight a bill which gave $100,000 for a police in
tins city. 1 voted against it, as I did against the
aqueduct and Capitol extension, and Georgetown
bridges, and all that; because this city has no right
to ask the people of Ohio to pay one tenth of any
municipal tax. The Federal Government have
paid out over a hundred millions in erecting build-
ings of palatial splendor here; and this very
lavish extravagance is made the plea for granting
more; for the complaint goes up, " Oh ! we can-
not tax your Government property, and therefore
we must beg you for help out of the Federal
Treasury to pay for policemen, gas, pavements,
and tree planting." After the property of this
city is yearly enhanced by millions in building
Government structures, this very liberality is
made the occasion of new demands for other lar-
gesses After a while, as was said, they will want
us to pay for the gold hat bands which are worn
by the flunkies who drive their carriages, in their
silly aping of the modes of the European aristoc-
racy.
Mr. Chairman, I am one of those who believe
that the splendor of a nation does not lie in the
wealth and extravagance of its pampered metrop-
olis. The true glory of this nation is to be found
