1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■Mif
the vote on adjourning over; and if the Senate go
into executive session I take it for granted they
■will do it in consideration of the motion suggested
by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no motion for an
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas has renewed the motion.
Mr. JCXNES, (To Mr. Douglas.) You can
make your motion afterwards.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I can enter my motion
now. I move to reconsider the vote by which we
agreed to adjourn over to Monday.
Mr. CR1T TENDEN. I have a motion which
I think will take precedence. X move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn; and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What will be the effect
of the adjournment with the motion to reconsider
pending?
Mr. HAMLIN. It will cut it off.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we adjourn now, will
it be until to-morrow or Monday?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The adjournment,
if made now, will be to Mcyiday.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 11; as follows:
VEAS—M^Ssrs. Bell, Biggs, Bigler, Broderick, Brown,
Chandler, Clay, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Evans, Fes-
senden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Hamlin, Hammond,
Houston, Hunter, Johnson ot Tennessee, Jones, King,
Mason, Pearce, Polk, Pugli, Simmons, Toombs, Tiumbull,
and Vulee—31.
NAYS — Messrs. Benjamin, Davis, Douglas, Harlan,
Xverson, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Wade, Wilson, and
Wright—11.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 23, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. A. Harris.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the call of committees for reports, and
that reports were m order from the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. PHELPS. Debate has been closed on the
bill pending in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union at half past one o'clock to-
morrow; and, as many gentlemen desire to speak,
I move that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the slate of the Union.
Mr. CLINGM AN. I hope that motion will not
prevail; but that we shall have a morning hour.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. BOCOCK. Before the question is taken,
I wish to enter a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House adopted the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
yesterday, to allow the contestant in the Ohio con-
tested-election ease a seat upon this floor. I do
not ask action on the motion now; but merely to
have it entered.
The following is the resolution referred to by
Mr. Bocock:
Resolved, That Clement L. Vallandigham have leave to
occupy a scat upon the floor  f this House, pending the dis-
cussion of the report of the Committee of Elections on the
case of his contest for the seat now occupied by Lewis U.
Campbell, from the third congressional district of the State
of Ohio, and that he have leave to apeak to the merits ol" said
contest, and the report thereon.
EXTENSION OF DEBATE.
Mr. MARSHALL, ofKentucky. Mr. Speaker,
the subject-matter of the bill that is now pending
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union has not yet been discussed in com-
mittee at all, except m the explanation made by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps:] and
I would suggest that, as a discussion of that bill
seems to be desirable, the time be prolonged. I
move that the time for debate be extended until
three o'clock to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent, as a resolution has been
adopted fixing half past one o'clock to-morrow
as the hour for closing debate, and a motion to
reconsider has been made and laid upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It is a very
good commentary, sir, upon the operation of the
present rule.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not make any objec-
tion to that; but I would like to append to that
motion a condition that a certain portion of the
time shall be allowed for the discussion of the bill
itself, and that it shall not all be taken up in gen-
eral debate.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
prefer the gentleman's proposition to my own;
and if the House would make an order to confine
the debate to the pending question, I would not
ask for any extension of time. It was only in
$-der that we might have an hour or two for the
discussion of the pending bill that I suggested an
extension of time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not object to prolong-
ing the time at all. All I wish is some guarantee
that the bill will be discussed. It is one that ought
to be discussed in its provisions and details, and
I hope there will be no objection to setting apart
the last three or four hours to a discussion of the
merits of the bill, all other discussion being out
of order.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to the
request of the gentleman from„Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] as modified by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] as I have no desire to
prevent the discussion of the question.
The SPEAKER. The gen tloman from Ala-
bama proposes that the proposition to extend the
time for closing debate shall be further modified,
so that all debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, on House bill No. 202,
shall be confined strictly to the discussion of the
merits of the bill.
Mr. COMtNS. T object to that.
Mr. JON££, of T emiessoe. I object to the ex-
tension of the debute if it is not to be confined to
the subject of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Perhaps the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Comi\*s] will accept a mod-
ified form of the proposition: that is, to extend
the time till three o'clock to-morrow, and to con-
fine the last three hours to the discussion of the
merits of the bill. Just give us some time to dis-
cuss the bill. I will take that rather than nothing.
The SPEAKER. The proposition, as modi-
fied, is that the debate to-morrow, in Committee
of the Whole on the stnte of the Union, shall be
confined to the question under debate.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is not that the
rule of the House now3 All that is necessary is
to have the rule enforced. It is riot necessary to
make another rule on the subject, if the chairman
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union would do his duty.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the 30th
rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
"30. When any member i* about to fpertlt in debate, or
deliver any matter ro the l!ou*e,he shall use fiom In-- scar,
and respectfully addles himself to 4 Mr. Speakerand
shall confine himself to the question under debate, and avoid
personality."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I ask that the 133d
rule be now read.
The rule was read, as follows:
(i 133. Thr rules of proceeding in the House shall he ob-
served in a Committee of the Whole flou^o, so tar as they
may be applicable, except the rule limiting the tunes of
speaking; but no member shall speak twice to any question,
until every member choosing to speak shall have spoken.;5
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Now, if these two
rules be enforced in the Committee of the Whole,
every member addressing the committee will be
confined to the subject-matter under debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. That rule has been construed
—always against my vote, I admit—in this way:
that, in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, the state of the Union generally bem#
under consideration, we may discuss everything
except the matter truly before the committee; and,
in view of that construction of the rule on the part
of previous Congresses, I have proposed this mod-
ification. If the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union will administer the rule as it
is understood by my friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] and my friend from Tennessee, [Mr,
Jones,] and as it is understood by myself, there
would be no necessity for the order that I sug-
gest.
Mr. GROW. I presume that there will be cer-
tainly no objection to the extension of the. debate
as proposed by the gentleman from- Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] wrth this condition; thaten to-
morrow the debate on this bill shall be confined
to the bill, and that for to-day the<iebate shaligb
on as it has gone.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no objection-to
that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want the debate
confined to the subject all the'time. I think, if.it
be so confined, that the time for debate is long
enough. '
The SPEAKER.. Does the gentleman object
to the extension of the time?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
_ The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo-
tion ; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union, (Mr. Davis, of Indi-
ana, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the
PRINTING DEFICIENCY BILL.
Upon which Mr. Shaw, of Illinois, was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. SHAW", of Illinois. I do not expect, Mr.
Chairman, that by the remarks which I purpose .to
submit, I will alter the mind of this committee on
the subjects that have been underdebate for ko rn
time past. I witnessed, with no degree of pleasure,
the existence of a feeling between the members
on my left and those__on my rijrht, on the subject
of the admission of Kansas under the Lecomptoa
constitution.
Mr. BU RNETT. I rise to a question of order.
My question of order is this: The gentleman has
clearly indicated that it is not his intention to con-
j fine himself to the discussion of the question under
consideration. Hence he is not in order, the rule
of the House reguirins him to speak to the bill.
I desire that this rule shall be enforced, and I
prefer to make the point on a gentleman on this
side of the House.
^ The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
that, if the question were presented for the first
time, the Chair would be inclined to sustain the
question of order; but understanding that a dif-
ferent practice has been universal in this.House,
the Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. I have been a member of the
House in the last Congress, as well as in the pres-
ent, and have watched, with agreatdegree of "in-
terest, discussions on this floor, and lam opposed,
not only now, but I have been all the time, to the
manner of discussion. Members occupy the time
of the House in the making of speeches for home
consumption. We do not confine ourselves to
the questions before us for legislative action. We
rise in our places and consume, day after day,
the time that ought to be employed in the public,
business, in the discussion, very often, of mere
abstract questions, requiring no legislative action
at all. That is wrong. It is time that the House
should put an end to it, and that members should
be made to confine themselves to the legitimate
matter before the body. That will not be done
until the rules of the House be enforced by the
members themselves.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is debate in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
this question is not bebatable.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to have the
rule read, under which the Chair decides that the
question is not debatable.
The 34th rule was read, as follows: .
" If anv member, in speaking or otherwise, transgress the
rules of the House, tlie Speaker shall, or any member may,
call to order; in which case, the member so called to order
shall immediatelyMt down, unless permitted to explain;
awl the Hou -e shall, if appealed to,deeide on the case, hut
without debate: if there be no appeal, the decision of the
Chair shall he submitted to. Ifthe decision hem favorofthe
member called to order, he phaH be at liberty to proceed; if
otherwise, he shall not he at liberty to proceed, in case a y
member object, without leave of the House ; and if the cape
require it, he siiall be liable to the censure of the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to say, Mr.
Chairman, that you are neitherthe Speaker of this
House, nor is tins the House proper. We are iu
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The rule applies directly, both in its
terms and construction, to the House proper.
Mr. BURNETT. I cull the attention of the
