1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IS,
North Pacific exploring expedition, praying to
be allowed additional pay; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KING presented the petition of James T.
Wild, and the other heirs of Daniel Wild, pray-
ing; indemnity for French spoliations prior to the
year 1800; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Israel Moses,
praying the adoption of an improved ambulance,
or carnage invented by him for the transportation
of the sick and wounded of an army; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Maine, for the enactment of a law grant-
ing pensions to the surviving officers and soldiers
of the Army and Navy of the war of 1812; which
"was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KENNEDY presented a memorial of mer-
chants of Baltimore, Maryland, remonstrating
against the repeal oftheactestablishingtheLight-
House Board*, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Washington City, praying that the Belgian
pavement may be adopted m repairing Pennsyl-
vania avenue, and in paving the streets adja-
cent to the proposed enlargement of the Capitol
grounds; winch was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered^ That the heirs of Thomas tfuzen have leave to
withdraw their petition and papeis.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Elizabeth A. Middleton, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Nancy Hammond,
(laughter of James Dennison, submitted an ad-
verse leport; which'was oidered to be printed,
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was refeired the petition ofCatharine L. JYIcLcod,
only surviving child of Ebenezer Markham, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to he
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of inhabitants of Yates
county, New York, m behalf of Maitha Brown,
submitted an adverse report.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Punting, to whom was referred a mo-
tion to print the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating an abstract of offers for fumushing
articles falling under the cognizance of the Bureau
of Yards and Docks, repoued in favor of the mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of William 'G.
Dove, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, fiom the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was leieired the memo-
rial of Townsond Harris, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. J254) for the relief
of Townsend Harris. The bill way read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Adam I lays,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refened the petition of citizens of Michigan
in behalf of the children of Thomas Fitzgerald,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refeired the memorial of Anthony Casio, or
Castle, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 255) for the relief of Anthony Casio, a
soldier of the war of 1812. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was oidered to be printed.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of the executor of Daniel Randall, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
Hoo) further explanatory of an act approved 18th
August, iSoG, entitled "An act for the relief of
Adam 1). Steuart and of Alexander Randall, ex-
ecutor of Daniel Randall." The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of Jacob W. Morse, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Agnes Slackc, and
the heirs of De Renentigny, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (§. No. 259) authorizing
the courts to adjudicate the claim of the legal rep-
resentatives of the Sieur De Bonne and of the
Chevalier De Repentigny to certain land at Sault
Sainte Marie, in the State of Michigan. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No.
! 257) concerning appeals and writs of error; which
| was read twice by its title, and referred to the
! Committee on the Judiciary.
| Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous con-
J sent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. No.
' 258) concerning seamen; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
NAVAL MACHINE SHOP.
On motion by Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution submitted
yesterday by Mr. MALLORY;and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That Hie Seeietary of the Navy he authorize:!
and mstiuetod to cause a thoiough examination of the nun,
coal, and timhei of the Deep River countv, m the State of
Noith Caiolma, and that he icpoit upon tin; expediency of
establishing, <il some point in that Suite, machine and woi 1(
shop-, for the coiimiiwtton nf engine.-., [toiler, ,Ve , tor
naval ves.-eN ; and thai he leport the same to Con^rc^ at
its next session.
LUTHER JEWKTT.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. I desire the Senate to
take up a bill whieh has been recently reported.
; It was passed by the Senate at the last Congress,
and has received the unanimous sanction of the
, Committee on Claims. 1 think theie will be no
! sort nf objection to it. It is the bill (S. No. 215)
j to authorize the settlement of the accounts of Lu-
ther Jewett, late collector of the district of Port-
| land and Falmouth, in the State of Maine. The
j reason is, that there is a case pending in the courts
| against him, and this bill was brought in at the
| suggestion of the Secretary of the Treasuiy, in
! order to authorize this allowance to he made.
| The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
! a second time, and considered as in Committee of
I the Whole.
| It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
, cers of the Treasury Department to riedit theac-
• count of Luther Jewett, late collector of the dis-
! trict of Portland and Falmouth, with the amount of
I $1,000, that sum having been lost in transitu from
i linn to be deposited with the assistant treasurer
| at Boston.
! It appears that the late Luther Jewett, as col-
; lector of the customs for the district of Poitland
; and Falmouth, being rcquned by the Treasury
Department to deposit the public money m his
1 hands, from tmv* to time, with the assistant treas-
; urerof tile United States at Boston, asked author-
i ityofthe Depaitment to employ Messrs. Langley
, & Co., expressmen, to carry the money. Lang-
1 ley & Co., whose business was exclusively that
| of expreasmen, and who were employed by the
| banks and merchants geneially to carry specie and
; money securities between Hoston and Portland,
j weie in good standing, and had the entue confi-
dence of the public. It would seem, too, that, with
' the exception of going personally to lioston with
! the money, the employment of this express was
j as safe and prudent a course as Mr. Jewett could
J have adopted, in his application, Mr. Jewett ;
I stated that the charge of Langley & Co. would be J
! " twenty-live cents for each thousand dollars;" 1
i and, in reply,the Department, acknowledging the :
receipt of his letter, gave no distinct peimission j
to employ the express, but said: " 1 have received 1
your letter of the 3d instant, in reply to mine of j
the 23d ultimo. I would state, in reply, that the
act of March 3, 1849, requires that the collectors ;
i shall deposit their collections; the expenses at- ;
j tending such a deposit will be a pioper charge
^ upon the Treasury, and will be allowed in the 1
ij settlement of your account as disbursing agent." j
U Jewett made his deposits, regarding this letter as i
his authority, with the sub-Treasury at Boston,
through Langley & Co.; and the expenses were
charged in his accounts, and allowed by the De-
partment. Langley & Co. suddenly failed in the
fall of 1852, and Jewett now found that they had
failed to deposit two sums of money severally-
placed in their hands—one of $1,000, and one of
$1,500. This failure was total, and brought great
distress upon the mercantile community; and the
committee are assured, by a reliable statement,
that Jewett himself lost a large sum of his own
money by it. lie produced Langley & Co.'s re-
ceipt for the $1,000, but none for the $1,500; nor
does he make such proof as the Committee on
Claims deem satisfactory that he sent this sum
by the express. Under the circumstances, the
committee report a bill for the relief of the memo-
rialist to the extent of the $1,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
FABIUSSTANLEY.
Mr. BIGGS. As the Senate appears to be
through with the morning business, 1 ask that they
take up for consideration the bill (S. No. 208) for
the relief of Fabius Stanley.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered asm Committee of
the Whole.
By the bill the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury will be directed to pay to Fabius Stan-
Icy, as full compensation for his services during
the time he was actually on duty and attached to
the navy-yard at Mare Island, California, at the
rate of $2,100 per annum, deducting therefrom the
pay he received for his services during that pe-
11 Mr. STUART. I should like to hear the re-
port in that case.
The Clerk read the report made by Mr. Mal-
i.oky , on the 19th of March last> as follows:
The Committee on Naval \ihurs, to whom w:b referred
the petition o! Faluns Stanley, a lieutenant in the Navy
ot the United States ptaying to be allowed the difference
between the pay of a lieutenant and that of a commander
duung the time he \va  actually attached to tin: navy-yard
at Maie Wand, California, have had the same under con-
sideiation, and report:
The petmonei, a lieutenant m tlie Navy, \va« detailed on
the iWd of Novembei, by the Navy Department, for
duty at the navy-yaid, Mare Inland, California ; and under
thus order he peilormed duty there tor about one year, lie
been.' the only commissioned oilicei, besuh s Commander
Fai ia<:ut. commanding the yard. The petitioner's pay was
per annum. This, as lie alleges, wau insufficient to
suppoit In in ; and'he cite-5 the following as the i ates of pay
at the yasd at the time, namely : Caipenters. blacksmiths,
ami masons, $-s pci pay ; clerks, cj'tf 20 per day ; laborers,
J$."> .jU to #(> ">t) per day.
Yon i coin inn lee lind that, under the act of the «>th of Au-
gust. J j I, the commander of this yasd, en tnicd by his lineal
tank lo per annum, received per annum (the
pay oi the next highest giade) in consequence of the cn-
iiaru cd puce of all the expenses of living in California ; arid
upon lelerring to the Senators from that State for informa-
tion a-s to such expenses at the tune of Lieutenant Stan-
ley \s service, they state it to be about fifty pei cent, above
tho<e in the eastern States : " seivants' hire, boaul, wa&h-
ui2, &.e., being tiom iiftv to one hundred per cent.higher."
The Seeietary of the $avy, on she 18th ol Febi uaiy, 1807,
in icsponse to a letter adduced to him by the committee
on tins case, say* • My opinion is, that the pay ot the offi-
cers of the navy-yard at San Fiarieisco has noi been fanly
ptojjprtioned to the immense extra expenses to which they
have been subjected 1 have frequently ofiieially recom-
mended that the pay of iheolticeis at that uavv-yaid should
be greater than that of those at other yaid=. In "the ease of
Mr. Stanley 1 am not awaie of any otlici peeul.ar claim."
The pra\ei of ihe petitioner is lor < oninumderV pay m
lien of that he revived as lieutenant; and deeming his
pra\ei reasonable, your committee repoit a hill accoidmgly.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the tliiul time, and passed.
J. L. AfiLEN AND A, R. CARTER.
Mr. RROWN. 1 ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to take up a little bill (S. No. 16:2) for the re-
lief of John L. Allen, and Asa II. Carter. It has
passed the Senate two or three times and been lost
in the House of Representatives for want of time.
I presume it will not lead to debate. If it should,
1 shall consent that it lie over.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill vaa
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to John L. Allen
and Asa R. Carter, of the sum of $6,100, in full
for their extra services, eU;rk hire, m loca-
ting as register and receiver of the land office at
Augusta, Mississippi, certain Choctaw scup cer-
