1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Gra
Ho. of Reps.
great grain-growing country of the world. Our
marine now exceeds that of England in tonnage.
Our manufacturers now compete with Europe in
South America and in the Orient. We have
increased our numbers within the half century
nearly six-fold; for in 1808 our population was
about six millions; we have increased our Federal
expenses about twelve-fold, but our annual private
income fifteen-fold /
There is no fairness in tables like those of my
colleague, [Mr. Sherman,] which institute com-
parisons between different years, and which take
the increase of population only as the test of a
true ratio of increase m expenses. Conclusions
from such premises may well be called " mon-
sters of the imagination begotten upon a cloud of
statistics." Why, it wtfuld be hardly fair to com-
pare the expenses of ten or five years ago with
those of the present. Last year our expenses
were over sixty-five millions. In 1850 they were
only $37,000,000 "What prodigality!" says
the sophist. He ought not to say it till he remem-
bers what empires we have opened since 1850,
what new and great calls are made on our Treas-
ury for the proper protection of added interests.
In 1830 we had an expenditure of over thirteen
millions. (< Now," says the sophist," it is nearly
six times as much." Think of one fact in this
connection, and you will not hastily conclude on
such premises. In 1830 a writer in Philadelphia
glories over the wonderful fact that whereas, in
1824, only about three thousand dollars in gold
from domestic sources was sentto the Mint, then,
in 1830, it had increased to $130,000. But, let me
add, what a change since 1830 ! Now, our do-
mestic yield of gold exceeds fifty millions per
annum! There is but one criterion for the in-
crease of our expenses. It is not the increase of
our population. Such a ratio is an unfair test of
true economy; but it is in the increase of all the
interests in view of our increased national wealth,
area, and importance. Whenever these interests
and the honor of the nation do not demand it, our
expenses must be kept down with rigid firmness.
As to the third mode of meeting the deficient
revenue, by loan: that is a necessity which every
patriot must meet. The credit of the Govern-
ment must be preserved. The expectations of the
Government from the lasttanff have been foiled by
the financial troubles. The expenses of the Gov-
ernment for this year have been somewhat in-
creased by the Utah troubles, as well as by the
naturally growing demands of our growing na-
tion. It becomes us to meet these expenses in a
patriotic spirit; to furnish means to preserve un-
tarnished our national honor. Compared to the
Governments of the Old World, loaded as they
are with debts, our condition, at the worst, is
happy. A hundred millions is no debt to a nation
like ours, with its resoui cess and its energies. We
throw oft 5>uch debts as lightly as a summer gar-
ment.
Far be it from me to encourage a system of
national debt. If we need just now money in
our exchequer, let us borrow it; trusting, as we
may do, with reason, on the revival of business
already begun, which will insure before long a
revenue sufficient for expenses. Far better bor-
row than fill a Treasury to overflowing by a high
tariff. Let the present tariff be first fully tested;
and if it fail, in a. fair season, to give us sufficient
revenue, then let it be modified to suit the exi-
gency. The reverses of 1837 were terrible. The
country staggered under them for years. The
reverses of 1857 are comparatively easy to be
borne. We have now a better banking system,
a more healthful curtailment of private expendi-
ture, a better system of public finance—the sub-
Treasury. We had not these twenty years ago.
Already the disease of last year is wearing out.
It is found not to be chronic. Individuals have
economized manfully. Our decreased imports—
which are the very causc of our loan bills and
lank Treasury—show a recovery going on at once
healthful and invigorating. So that our seeming
disaster of an empty Treasury is the index of a
restorative process which will bring prosperity.
In this light, who should complain of the ordeal?
Who so unwise as to fret at the adversity we
cannot help, but which is our best helper? Who
so mean as to coin it into political counterfeits, to
" bribe" (that is the word now) the people to sus-
tain a false system of economy and a set of po-
1 litical quacks, who cry out against a bankrupt
Treasury without inquiring into the true cause?
i The truth is, we are selling more while we are
buying less abroad than formerly—selling much
' more in proportion to our purchases. Conse-
; quently, we are gathering up our energies for an-
1 other period of prosperity—making another and
> higher grade of social advancement. At the end
! of the last Congress, the people bemoaned a heavy
, tax and a plethoric Treasury. The tax was easily
; borne, because indirect; the other became intol-
, erable, because of its tendency to corrupt our po-
I litical system. We have got rid of the full Treas-
' ury. We have only to correct the evils of the last
Congress, frown down the schemes it encouraged,
and inaugurate a more economical system of ex-
• penditure. Then we may bless our disaster at
least as a political windfall.
; I hope,Mr.Chairman, thatthceconomy which
j the people are nowpracticingintheirown troubles,
; may be practiced by our Government in its em-
| barrassments. We need to be reminded by mis-
' fortune of the evils of extravagance. This is an
age of luxury. Could the people who have sent
: us here glance at this Hall, ornamented with all
! the bedizement of gilt and paint; could they but
I hear one discussion on the monster schemes and
1 inordinate extravagance of the last Congress; and
; believe half their eye saw and ear heard, there
would be more excitement on economical than
territorial affairs. Their surprise would but in-
' dicate a fact, that our Government and its rulers
; are far in advance of the people in the vices, and
far behind them in the virtues, of republican life.
1 That simplicity which obtains among the masses
: in New England, in Now Yoik, in the West, and
. South, has but little reflection cither m the social
i life or political legislation of the metropolis,
j In saying this much, I am not indifferent to the
i proud fact that our governments, Federal and
! State, are yet the models, in an economical view,
I to which the reformers of Englnnd and the con-
I tinents point for the guidance of their own Gov-
i ernments. No man can read without patriotic
emotion the plaudits of De Tocqueville as he dis-
I courses of the simplicity and economy of our
' system. Again and again haveCobden, Hume,
and Roebuck, from the English hustings and in
I Parliament, teferred to these United States for
lessons in an economy which is liberal, without
being parsimonious, and which has striven to bo
discriminating without bring moan. It was only
a few weeks ago that Mr. Bnirht bemoaned, in
a letter to Birmingham, the suffering consequent
upon the increasing taxes of England. lie could
find no remedy save in the diminution of J heir
augmenting expenditure, lie stnrtlcd the Eng-
lish people by showing that their Government
was now spending <€20,000,000 sterling more than
they were spending a few yeai>-? back, and that
since 1835, when Wellington and Peel had charge
of the Government, their military expenses alone
hod doubled; and then, pointing to this nation,
he said:
! c: TIii'j year we shrill ku-p at !e:M £.V>,f)fl0,000 ^riling
; more than will bo, required in be by an equal popu-
lation hvins; not in England, but mi the United States of
; Jimcrica
! Two hundred and fifty million dollars is the
burden which twenty-seven million people pay in
Great Britain, over and above what the same num-
ber would pay in America, under our Government.
I Can we wonder, then, that where the burdens are
: so heavy, and the political privileges so few, so
I many are now considering the propriety and ad-
I vantage of emigration; and that at this moment,
' the unemployed of the manufacturing districts of
; England are appealing to the Queen for an ex-
tensive system of free emigration ?
i If such be the attractive force of our economy,
how carefully should we guard it! We should not
1 be content with the flattering contrasts we can
: draw with the Old World. If we find in our ex-
: penditure a dangerous augmentation, let us apply
; the canons of our party platforms to practical le-
! gislation, and lop off the excrescences where we
; can. At least let us protest where we cannot lop
| off, and so guard ourfutureagamst deficiency bills,
'< and loan bills, as to secure the greatest economy
I with the least government possible, consistent
I with secunty.
FIFTEEN million loan.
SPEECH OF HON. A. P. GRANGER,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 13, 1858.
The House being m the Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the lrmon—
Mr. GRANGER said:
Mr. Cffairman: The bill now under consider-
ation comes from the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, with a request
that it do pass. It is to empower the President
to borrow $15,000,000 on the credit of the United
States to defray the ordinary expenses of Gov-
ernment. Ordinary as the expenses of Govern-
ment may be, the call for this loan is surrounded
by circumstanc.cs very extraordinary, 1 propose,
sir, very briefly, to present before this House and
the country some of those extraordinary circum-
stances.
Mr. Chairman, one year ago we had $18,000,000
surplus money in the Treasury.
Since that time we have collected of revenue
$44,000,000, and issued $20,000,000 of Govern-
ment paper, at the pressing solicitation of the
President; in all, $82,000,000.
And now, as Congress is about to take leave of
the President for a few months, we arc respect-
fully asked to allow him to run the nation in debt
$15,000,000 more, to last till we meet again.
Besides, sir, by what we know of the course of
the Administration, it is rational to expect that
when the year comes round at least $10,000,000
in addition will be called for under the head of
deficiencies, footing up the enormous amount of
$107,000,000. One hundred and seven million
dollais, and not the least cffoit is made, nor is a
whisper of recommendation heard in favor of
providing for the impending emergency by redu-
cing the expenditures or increasing the revenue, so
as to meet the payment of principal or interest of
the debts we are incurring.
Millions of dollars have been spent since the
present Administration came into power, to crowd
slavery north of the line of 36° 30', the ancient
and extreme limit of slavery on the North—a line
nisde sacred by the universal pledge of the South—
a line that to invade and violate has left a stain
and a sting that will not soon be forgotten.
Millions of dollars have been wasted in afruit*
less attempt to get up a Mormon war, so as to
renew the expiring contracts of the late disgrace-
ful fifteen years' quarrel with a few miserable In-
dians in Fionda, a quarrel which cost this nation
$40,000,000. Sir, are such needless wars and
reckless contracts, to be our everlasting inherit-
ance ?
A million dollars is given away this year to the
city of Washington to furnish it with water.
There is this year to be paid full ten per cent,
of r U the money collected through the custom-
house, as the cost of collection, when one half that
would he ample compensation.
A regiment of troops is voted to protect Texas
against a few ragged, straggling Indians—a State
that assumes the right and power to outride the
Union, and is hardly at home in it at best; 'a
proud, powerful State, asking a regiment of reg-
ulars to keep off the Indians. Why, sir, one ra-
tion in ten that the regiment would want to subsist
on, to give these starving Indians, would make
them harmless as kittens.
For this reckless squandering of public money
there is no excuse whatever. More than one
hundred million dollars will be used up this year
by the party in power, while $53,000,000 carried
us through any one year of the Mexican war.
Sir, what does all this mean? It means this:
it means that the conduct and character of the
present Administration, and the party that sus-
tains and controls it, are inconceivably worse than
was predicted by any one previous to the last
presidential election.
Sir, the GotfernmeriJ of this country, as now ad-
ministered by the President, and the remains of
what was once a Democratic party, to say the
least, has become a prodigious national evil.
I am aware, sir, and I sayit with pleasure,that
the ruling patty contains many—very many—
men of hune-st woith, and for many of whom I
