1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
tificates, and lands for the Ohio and Mobile rail-
road, during the years 1850,1851,1852, and 1853.
During the three years and a half the petition-
ers held the offices of register and receiver, their
compensation for cash entries of lands and )*ands
entered with military warrants, amounted to
#871 94, exclusive of their respective salaries, $5G0
each, and during these three and a half years,
there were entered at the office twenty-two thou-
sand one hundred and one and one seventh acres
of land, located with Choctaw scrip, besides all
the lands located for the Ohio and Mobile railroad,
which required much extra labor, clerk hire, &c.;
for all of which the petitioners have received no
compensation. The Committee on Public Lands
are of opinion that it is but fair and just the pe-
titioners should be paid a liberal compensation
for the extra labor and clerk hire necessarily per-
formed and employed by them in locating the
Choctaw scrip and railroad lands.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CONSULAR DECREES IN CHINA.
  Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate to take up a
resolution reported by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, upon the message of the President of the
United States, transmitting a copy of the decree
and regulation made by the United States Com-
missioner to China, on the 4th of March, 1857.
The resolution ought to be passed. It is simply
a resolution of this body.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee on the 20th
of March:
Resolved, That no revision by Congress of the decrcc and
regulation made by Peter Paiker, Commissioner of the Uni
ted States in China, on the 4th of March, A. J) 18o7, enti-
tled" Regulation for the consular courts of the United States
of America in China,'' is requisite.
Mr. BAYARD. I will state very briefly the
object of the resolution. Under an act of Con-
gress, the Commissioner of the United States in
China is authorized to make rules and regulations,
and transmit them to the President, to be laid be-
fore Congress for revision. The Commissioner
in China, on the 4th of March, 1857, owing to the
disturbed state of affairs there, made a certain reg-
ulation or decree for holding the consular courts
in the different ports on board of United States
vessels, with the consent of the commander; and
in the absence of a United States vessel, on board
any ordinary commercial vessel of the United
States, with the consent of the captain of the ves-
sel. The object was only to enable them to have
jurisdiction when, from the disturbed state of af-
fairs, their functions could not be performed on
land. The committee were unanimous in the
opinion that the decrcc was a proper one; and
therefore, in their opinion, required no revision.
The resolution was adopted.
CONVEYANCES OF VESSELS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
a bill which I reported a few days since from the
Committee on Commerce. I think it will give rise
to no debate. It is a bill in relation to recording
bills of sales of vessels.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
248) to amend or define the act of July 29, 1850,
entitled " An act providing for recording the con-
veyances of vessels, and for other purposes," was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It provides that when the bill of sale, mortgage,
conveyance, or hypothecation, named in the first
section of the act of July 29,1850, shall have been
made at the port where the vessel is permanently
registered, or enrolled, it shall be taken as a com-
pliance with the law; and it shall not be necessary
to record the bill of sale, mortgage, hypotheca-
tion, or conveyance, at the port where such ves-
sel may be temporarily registered, or enrolled.
Mr. HAMLIN. The object of the bill is sim-
ply to supersede the necessity of recording these
papers under a temporary license, or enrollment;
and it meets the unanimous approbation of the
Committee on Commerce.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH HARDY AND ALTON LONG.
Mr. POLK. I ask the indulgence of the Sen- i
ate to take up the bill (S. No. IDS) for the relief
of Joseph Hardy and Alton Long.
Mr. WILSON. I shall have to object to that.
There is a special assignment for half past twelve
o'clock, which I want to take up now, and I call
for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I will say to
the Senator from Massachusetts that, under the
rules, the day having passed over for which the
bill to which he alludes was made the special or-
der at half past twelve o'clock, it loses its prece-
dence over the other special orders.
_ Mr. WILSON. ! understood thata special as-
signment did not lose its place. I hope the Sen-
ator from Missouri will not object to taking up
the matter now. I think we may dispose of it in a
few moments. I allude to the bill to facilitate com-
munication with the army in Utah. If anything
is to be done at this session it ought to be done at
once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I will say to
the Senator from Massachusetts that it is in the
power of Congress of course to take up the bill
out of its order; but there are several special or-
ders which take precedence of it. The day having
passed for which that bill was made the special
order at half past twelve o'clock, it goes at the
foot of the special orders, and does not now
obtain precedence.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Chair is mistaken.
The rule says:
" Special orders shall not lose their position on account
of intervening adiouiuinents : noi bhall ihe> lose then rela-
tive position on the Calendar, except by vote of the Seriate,
until finally disposed of."
However, I will not insist on that. I move to
take up the bill now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Missouri had the floor. I supposed the ob-
ject of the Senator from Massachusetts in rising
at first, was simply to put a question to the Sen-
ator from Missouri, which has caused the irreg-
ularity that has intervened. The Senator from
Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POLK. I do not think the bill to which
f called the attention of the Senate will occupy
long. 1 hope it will be taken up. It is a bill (S.
No. 198) reported from the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
198) for the relief of Joseph Hardy and Alton
Long was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to instruct the Secretary of the
Treasuiy to ascertain, as in the case of John P.
B. and Henry Gratiot, what amount, if any, of
rent was exacted by the United States agents of
lead mines from Joseph Hardy, for lead mined
and smelted upon the lands of the Ottowa, Potta-
watomie, Chippewa, Winnebago, or other tribes
of Indians, prior to their purchase by the United
States, and to pay such amount as may be legally
proved to have been actually paid by Joseph
Hardy to such agents of the United States, to
Joseph Hardy and Alton Long.
Mr. POLK. I will state, for the information
of the Senate, the nature of this claim. Prior to
the purchase from the Indians, by the United
States, of the country in the neighborhood of Ga-
lena, these claimants leased of the Indians the
right to dig and take the lead on a certain tract of
land. The United States sent an agent there, and
compelled them, though the United States had not
acquired title to the land, to pay, in the shape of
a rent to the United States, a per centum of all the
lead that they dug. They continued to pay rent
after the United States purchased the land of the
Indians. There was a claim of the same charac-
ter, in favor of John P. B. and Henry Gratiot.
J. P. B. Gratiot presented his claim to Congress,
and Congress appropriated to him so much as the
Government had extracted from him by virtue of
this lease, which they claimed the right to give
to him—the right to mine merely—because they
had the power to do it. The land at that time
still belonged to the Indians, and the right they
had gotten from the Indians was merely a usu-
fructuary right. This bill proposes that there
shall be refunded to these claimants the amount
of rent that was extracted from them by the Uni-
ted States under similar circumstances, just as the
United States have already refunded to J. P. B.
Gratiot. I will state that the interest they had
was a usufructuary interest merely, and therein
was not in conflict with the position the United
States have always hoklen to the Indian lands, to
wit: that they will allow no use by the Indians,
except a usufructuary use of the land. This f>arty
had only that which was got from the Indians;
but before the United States acquired title, they
said to him that he should pay a rent to them for
the usufructuary interest he had in the land, he
having also come under obligations to, and pur-
chased this right from, the Indians. It is merely
to refund him the amount the United States took
from him.
Mr. STUART. I inquire of the Senator if he
knows what the amount is ? It is not stated in the
bill.
Mr. POLK. The official documents will show
that.
Mr. STUART. About what amount is it?
Mr. POLK. I am not able to state. I do not
now recollect. I did not draw the report. The
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] drew it.
Mr. IVERSON. It is not very large. There
is a letter accompanying the bill showing it.
Mr. STUART. I should like to hear it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk will
read it.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Gfneral Land Office, February 21, 1850.
Sir : Your letter ot the 14th instant, addressed to the
Secretary of War, desiring certain paper* and information,
having reference to the mining and smelling opeiaiions ot
Joseph Haidy, late of the Galena lead mines, and now a
claimant before Congress, has been referred for the con-
sideiation of tins otfico and for reply, the mineral business
of the United States being under us management.
After a careful examination of all the documents, books,
and papers on tile in this office, having any connection or
relation to mineral affairs, there no contract, lease, li-
cense, or pet mil to be found among tliem m the name of
said claimant; but I have the honor to furnish you with an
exhibit of the amount of rent lead paid bv Joseph Haidy to
agents of the United States, prepared from their abstracts
and returns made to the ordnance bureau, then having
charge of die United States lead mine? and all matters per-
taining thereto, being full amount exacted as lent fiom the
year 1836 up to the ratification of the treaty of Prairie du
Clnen, with the Indians, for the purchase of that section of
country, the mines being within the boundary of that ces-
sion. I have included, also, in the sum total of rents paid
the amount taken fiom entnesm the account books of said
agents or superintendents which should properly be added
—that 15, taking it for granted they are equally conclusive
testimony with the returns, &c., m favor of Mr. Ilardy.
The fact of such an ainountof rentlead having been paid,
and returns of the same made by the officeis of the Govern-
ment to the proper department, the implication I think is
clear that a lease, permit, or other agreement between the
United States and Mr. Ilardy once existed.
The total amount of rent lead paid by Joseph Hardy, and
witlnn the period above stated, is one hundred and seven
thousand four hundred and ninety-two pounds.
It will be perceived by the acknowledgment of Mr. Ilardy
that, in contracting with the Indians ioi pei mission to dig
for lead ore and smelt the same upon their lands he acted
in violation of law inhibiting all lntercomse and ttade with
them, without peumstion from the General Government;
if not soexpressediy enacted, ceitainly contrary to the spirit
of the laws upon the subject. Section twelve of the act
approved May 19, 1798, it would seem, reaches the case in
question, an extract of which is as follows:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That no purchase, grant,
lease, or other conveyance of lands, or of any title or claim
thereto, from any Indian, or nation or tribe of Indians, within
the bounds of the United States, shall be of any validity, m
law or equity, unless the same be made by treaty or conven-
tion, entered mto pursuant to the Constitution," &c., with
penalty for treating without authority.
On the other hand, a precedent in favor of Mr. Hardy
should, I beg leave to suggest, be considered, being an act
appioved the 14th of August, 1848, for the relief of John P.
B. and the legal representatives of Henry Gratiot, their claim
being precisely of a similar character to that presented by
Mr. Hardy.
I herewith return, inclosed, the petition which accom-
panied your letter.
With much respect, your most obedient servant,
J. BUTTERFIELD, Commissioner.
Hon. J. R. J. Daniei,, Chairman of Committee of Claims,
House of Representatives.
Exhibit of rent lead paid by Joseph Hardy to agents of the
United States, prior to the ratification of the treaty of
Prairie du Ckicn, of January 2, 1830.
Amount from entries in account books of agent? or super-
intendents, corroborated by returns and abstracts :
Consolidated return for quarter ending December 31, 1826,
is .11,221 lbs.
Consolidated returns for March 31, 1827  "
Consolidated returns for month of May......... 6,176 "
20,18r> "
From abstracts and returns alone 87,307 "
Making a total of   307,492 "
General Land Office, February 21,1850.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me that the prin-
ciple on which this bill is recommended, is hardly
a safe one; but I see by the report that another
bill of a similar character is said to have already
