2580
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
The question before us now is not whether we
will pursue a system of river and harbor improve-
ments in reference either to the West or East, or
any part of thecountry. The question is, whether,
contrary to all our former practices, and contrary
to what really the requisite, order of business re-
quires, we shall attempt, by enforced legislation,
to ingraft upon an ordinary appropriation bill a
river and harbor bill, whether to a hmited extent,
or not, is immaterial ? There are other works in
the country that ought to;be prosecuted as well
as those reported by the Committee on Commerce,
which are for the mere purpose* of protection, it
is said. The particular amendment before the
fenate is not among those recommended by the
Committee on Commerce; but is an appropriation
 for the removal of obstructions in the St. Clair
flats, to be followed, as I understand, by the dif-
ferent bills for the mere protection of works rec-
ommended by the Committee on Commerce. The
particular amendment, however, is for the con-
struction of a work confined to a paiticular por-
tion of the country, however valuable it may be.
Now, I have said, as to existing works, that I
am disposed to carry them out at a proper time,
- and when the capacity;of the country, as regards
her means, will enable her to do it. Admitting
the power fully, I confess that my mind has halted,
from what I have seen of the coiruption neces-
sarily incident to such a system of appropriations,
as to whether, beyond the extent to which we
have commenced, we ought to go one step further.
I doubt it, sir. I have formed no definite conclu-
sion, though I admit the existence of the power
when confined to the navigable streams of the
country—and when I use that wo; d I do not mean
tide-water streams; but I mean streams capable
of public navigation, tide-water or not. 1 am no
opposed to the system on the ground of const!
tutionality. I doubt its expediency when I look
to its ultimate results beyond the extent into
which we have already embarked.
All these measures, 1 admit, are for works
which we have already commenced; but the par-
ticular question before us is, whether we shall
ingraft upon an ordinary appropriation bill a bill
for the construction of an internal improvement
connected with a harbor, or the navigation in a
particular section of the country? That is the
question. Honorable Senators refer to the exist-
ing bill, and talk of the coast survey. What has
the coast survey to do with anything like auvvr
and harbor improvement? There is no construc-
tion there; there is an appropriation for a su; wy
of different parts of the country; and if this L-.il
embodied an appropriation for the purpose of sur-
veying the lakes of this country, I should \ote
for it just as readily as for the survey of the At-
lantic sea-board. Buta work of construction and
a work of survey arc essentially different things.
One involves nothing but information to the Gov-
ernment; the other involves local action and local
benefit, though it may be that incidental benefit
may result to the trade of the country at large.
In the previous practice of the Government, (ana
I have a right to appeal to that,) it is very evident
we have always treated river and harbor bills as
distinct from bills of appropriation. We have
subdivided what was called the civil and diplo-
matic bill into two bills. Thin is the secondary
bill, called the miscellaneous bill, if you will; but
hitherto we have certainly always kept river and
harbor appropriations disconnected with either
of those bills. I think tlie precedent a bad one
which would connect them. The Senator from
New York may not think so, and it may suit I -
views to talk about our " throttling" the We*
and destroying the trade of the West. Sir, i. >
such object is desired here. It does not connect
itself at all with the objections made to the .nil,
though it may sound very well for the purpose ut
enlisting public sentiment, and appealing to the
western part of this country, as if there was a
peculiar friendship and regard for its interests on
the part of the honorable Senator from New York.
They will credit that just to the extent to which
intelligence exists among the masses of the peo-
ple there—no further, 1 believe.
Now, sir, the objection is distinct that the
amendment is inappropriate on the bill. But sup-
posing it right and proper—not only constitu-
tional, but expedient and proper—not only to i
make the appropriations recommended by the !
Committee on Commerce, but more extended ap- 1
propriations for the purpose of carrying on im-
provements of rivers and harbors: the question is,
whether, at this time, in the present state of the
Treasury, those objects stand in a relation to us
that would require us to go altogether beyond our
means for- the purpose of carrying them on now.
What is the fact ? You have the clouds lowering
in the political horizon; you have—I will not say
even the probability of a war, but you certainly
have the possibility in the present aspect of things.
Notwithstanding that fact, you refuse to carry on
and complete the existing fortifications of the
country; you leave them half finished, tumbling
• nto rums, with arches half turned, and will not
appropriate one dollarfor their protection,though
they are works which cannot be constructed in
time of war, and must be constructed in time of
peace if you mean to nut the country in a position
to resist all that this country will ever have reason
to fear, which is the first onset of a war—your
House of Representatives will not do that, for no
other reason than that the state of your Treasury
docs not justify an appropriation of that kind;
and yet the honorable Senator from New York
asks you to- appropriate money for the purpose
of carrying on internal improvements connected
with riveis and harbors, and impliedly, fiom the
course of his argument, imputes to those who are
opposed under those circumstances to such ap-
propriations that they are opposed to the growth
and expansion of the great West! That is the
substance of the argument, however it may be
colored or clothed. j
I want to bring it down to the ground, and the ;
real ground, on which I, and most of those who J
agree with me, are opposed to inserting this appro- j
pnatron in the present bill: First, that it is map- i
iropriate to tjie bill; that it is a violation of the j
isage and practice necessary in a legislative body j
to keep measures distinct in themselves, in dis- j
t'net bills; next, taking the recommendations of j
the committee and the existing state of theTreas- j
ury and the action of Congrtss, that yourTieas- j
ury is not in a condition to justify these appro- |
priations now. Therefore, without reference to
where these appropriations are to be expended,
whether in New York, in Oiiio, or any other State
of this Union, they ought to be voted down. It
is on that ground, and that ground alone, that my
opposition to these approp. lations rests.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mich-
igan.
The Cleik proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SEWARD. I have been requested to say
that the honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] has paired off with the honorable
Senator from Alabama, [Mr, Clay ]
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to .slate that I have
paired off with the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Haymr,] and do not vote.
The result was then announced—yeas 20. nays
20; as follows:
YEA.S—Messrs. Bell, Bnsht, Brodcriek, C! indler, Ool-
liinoi, (Jnueuden, Dixon, Fet-- 'uden, Foot, Foetor, liar-
ia , Kem.ody, King, Poik, , Seward, Stuart, Ti uin-
bull, \'v.iGc, and Wilson—20.
NAYrf — iMus^rs Alien, Bivard, ttcntamin, Bigter,
Brown, Clipgmau, Fttzrniriek, Houmoii. Hunter, Iverson.
Johnson of johnson s i" Tunm'-^eo. Ma-oju
rcaice, Itcid. Seba-tun, Shue.l, Tho:a=on of New Jci>< \\
Toombs, and Yulee—*2).
So the amendment did not prevail.
Mr. PUGH. I move, after the two hundred
and forty-sixth line, on the 11th page, to insert
the amendment I before offered, including the
paragraph which continues the appropriation for
the St. Clair flats; and upon the amendment I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment was suggested to-day, and need not be read
unless some Senator desires it.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the amend-
ment.
Air. PUGH. I wish it understood that an ap-
propriation of something over twenty thousand
dollars for the St, Clair flats is a part of the amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLEN. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is,
to insert on the two hund'od and forty-sixth line, j
on the 11th page of the bill, the following: j
For r&pairin:* and securing the public woika at the haibor >!
of Chicago, tiltnoi-, $S7,223 37. j,
Foi the pio^ei vatiog and repair of the piers at the mouth «!
of Milwaukee aver, Wisconsin. $28,630. 11
For repairing the piers at the harbor of Sheboygan, Wis-
consin, $5,000.
For repairing the public works at the harbor of St. Jo-
seph's, Michigan, $10,000.
For repairing the public works at the harbor of Monroe,
Michigan, $9,588.
For deepening and widening the channel, through the St.
CJatr flats, Michigan, $33,491.
For securing and repairing the public works at the harbor
of Cleveland, Ohio, §28.143 15.
For repairs upon the public works at Huron haibor, Ohio,
$30,000.
For repairs upon the public works at Black Kiver harbor,
Ohio. £>16,940 93. .*■
For repairs upon the public works at Grand River harbor,
Ohio, $S,670 55.
For repairing the public works at the haibor of Ashtabula,
Ohio, $6,620.
For repairing tha public works at the harbor of Conneaut,
Ohio, £3,0211.
For the immediate repair of the piers at Eiie harbor, Penn-
sylvania. $8.^38.
* For the nnm \liat? repair of the public work> at Dunkitk
haibor, New Yoik, £.V2S9 95.
For n>paiun« me public woiks at Buffalo harbor. New
! Yoi k, *27,079 3S.
! Foi n-paumgtUe piois. at Oak O/chard haibor, New York,
: $9,733 65.
| For lepairing the public works at Genesee harbor, New
I Ymk, .$>41,084 34.
I For repairing the pier* at Podu^bay harboi, Wayne coun-
, tv. Nr*w York, and for d #cd«nng between the channel pier?,
! £40.803.
! For immediate renairsiemmed for the preservation of the
j harbor of Oswego. NVw Yotk, 50 301 14.
j For the repairs of the piers at Burlington, Vermont,
I $2,183 40.
j For compIf'Tinrr the improvements in the raft region of
! Red river. $110.0JO.
1 For tne preseivation of steam dreJg°s and appurtenances,
j 000.
1 Foi unforeseen contingencies of lake haibors. $20,000.
I Mr. SLIDELL. I would ask, for information,
1 whether the appropriations m^ntiontd in thi.3
j amendment for Chicago and Milwaukee have not
; alreadvbeen the subject of separate consideration
| by the Senate, and whether bills have not passed
I making appropriations for those places ? I should
like to be informed on that subject.
Mr. PUGPI. Undoubtedly; two bills have
passed the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I raise the point of order
whether these two appropriations, the Senate
having already passed upon them, and voted that
amount, can now be introduced in this form? I
shall make no argument upon the subject. I sub-
mit it for the consideration of the Chair.
Mr. PUGH. There are several items in the
amendment for which separate bills have been
passed bv the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Louisiana makes the point of order to the
Chair. If the Senator is aware of any rule that
excludes those appropriations, the Chair would
be sjlad to hear it suggested.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am not; only the ru'e of
common sense, that we cannot make two nnoro-
priations for the same subject. I do not p.'otesn
to be at all cognizant with the rules: btu it se.-ms
to me it needs no authority on a point of that kind.
At any rate, 1 make the point of order for the
decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks ita question that may be considered by the
Senate, and not a question of order to be submit-
ted to the Chair.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I will submit that ques-
tion to the decision of the Senate.
Air. SEWARD. What question
Air. fcJLlDELL. Whether the Senate, havinsr
already by separate bills,'made two of the appro-
priations contemplated, amendment, can
repeat them in this form ?
Mr. SEWARD. I understand the question,
but 1 should have asked the Senator how h^- pro-
posed to take the sense of the Senate upon u.
Mr. SLIDELL. I submit it to the Chair for
decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
misunderstood the Chair. Tin. Choir stated that
in his opinion, it was not a question of order, but
a question to be determined by the Senate in its
action upon the amendment
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well. I am very well
satisfied with it m that form. I wished simply
to call the attention of the Senate to that feature
in the amendment.
Mr. POLK. 1 do not wish to detain the Sen-
ate, but I desire to state in vindication of myself
that while I should vote, and did vote an appro-
priation for the improvement of St. Clair fiats,
which is in the direct channel of the commerce of
