1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
passed Congress. We hare, however, never ad-
mitted the doctrine that the Indiana have any ab-
solute right to the lands at all. They have no title,
nothing that they can lease, nothing that they can
dispose of. As the letter of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office states, it was a penal of-
fense to make any bargain with them in regard to
their lands at the time this lease was made. It
seems, too, that this was done at a time when ne-
gotiations were pending, or contemplated; nego-
tiations were immediately afterwards completed,
by which the Indians were removed from the
land. This is a very considerable amount, and it
does not seem to me that any principle of equity
exists in the case at all. All know that the busi-
ness of lead mining at that day was a very lucra-
tive one, one out of which a great deal of money
was made; and there is nothing in these papers
that goes to show that it was not so. This bill
now proposes to pay, I think it is, one hundred
and seven thousand pounds 
Mr. JONES. Of lead only.
Mr. STUART. But that is the statement of
the amount to be paid.
Mr. JONES. That much lead ore.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me, that whatever
be the amount, the principle is one which it will
not do for the Congress of the United States to
sanction. As I said, we do not admit that the In-
dians have any absolute right to the country they
occupy at all; we'have always denied it; but in the
spirit of guardian and ward, we have dealt liber-
ally and generously with them when they are re-
moved from any particular portion of our country,
and it is opened to occupation by the whites. It
seems to me, this principle should not be violated,
and that the policy of the intercourse laws with
the Indians should not be violated either.
I call the attention of the Senate to the facts; and
I shall ask the privilege of recording my own vote
against the bill. I hope, therefore, that the yeas
and nays will be taken upon its passage.
Mr. JONES. I happen to have been a resi-
dent of the country occupied by Mr. Hardy and
these Indians, at the lime that he paid this rent.
These people were required to pay rent to the
United States Government for working the lead
mines, while at the same time they were paying
the Indians for the same thing; anu I believe that
if any people in the world have a just claim on
the Government of the United States for the re-
funding of money improperly exacted from them,
the smelters who occupied this country at that time
are entitled to be paid the rent exacted of them by
the Government, as the Gratiots have already been.
I know, sir, that but for the friendly feelings the In-
dians had for the Gratiots, and the other smelters
in that region, who exercised great influence over
them, war, in all probability, would have existed
in the country before it did. The purchase of
the country south of those lead mines from the
Sacs and Foxes in Illinois, brought on what was
called the Black Hawk war. If the Indians had
not been kept quiet and friendly by the smelters,
who occupied these lead mines, and who paid rent
to the Indians themselves, 111 the shape of balls,
powder, stroude, pork, flour,&c., we should have
been involved in war much sooner than we were.
They made these payments to the Indians in good
faith, and paid them a full compensation, as much
for the right to trade with them, and to work their
lead mines, in proportion, as those traders do who
buy their furs from them, and who are not, and
never have been, required by the Government of
the United States to pay any rents or any duties
to the Government for the privilege of trading with
the Indians anywhere.
I resided in this country in the year 1827. I
was acquainted, 1 believe, with Mr. Hardy, and
I was intimately acquainted with the Gratiots. I
know they paid full compensation for the privilege
of working these mines, and I believe this money
ought to be refunded to them. It ought long since
to have been refunded to them. It ought now to
be refunded with interest, in my opinion.
_ The Senator from Michigan says that at the
time these gentlemen were occupying this coun-
tiy, negotiations w-re going on for a treaty. I
was there, and know that was not exactly the case.
T)|.- tuMty wa.N not marie at Prairie da Chien
umil Home of' these genth-men went there
a.~ (Mi !y us 1*22, the Gratiots wont there as early,
i hue.w:, as 18--.
The Senator from Michigan says the amount
is a large one. It is a large one in pounds of lead,
I admit. But, sir, the burden was exceedingly
onerous on these smelters, because they paid a
heavy rent to the Indians in the first place, and
then were required to pay ten per cent, to the
United States, by their agent, Martin Thomas,
who had no authority even from the Government
to exact rent from the miners at that time. They
paid this high rent at a time when lead was ex-
ceedingly low. It sold as low as $1 25 per hun-
dred pounds at Galena, at the very time they were
required to pay this heavy rent. I know that
some of the most wealthy men in the country
were broken down because of these exactions by
the Government of the United States. They were
absolutely bankrupted, and made to suffer very
much in consequence of it. Among them was the
late distinguished Senator from Wisconsin, Gov-
ernor Dodge. He was one of the men who set-
tled in this country, and who worked these lead
mines by permission from the Indians. The In-
dians became very much attached to him because
he was kind to them, but at ttte same time they
feared him. They permitted him to work the
mines. He, too, paid them large sums of money
in the way of pork, flour, provisions, powder,
clothing, blankets, &c. These men were actually
of great service to the Indians; and although per-
haps the Indians had no right to make treaties
with them, (and I admit that they had not under
our system,) they did agree to allow these men
to work the lead mines, and the arrangement was
made with them in good faith, and for the sake
of keeping the peace. I believe the white people
could have taken possession of the country vi et
armis, and could have worked the mines in defi-
ance of the Indians; but they chose not to do so,
and preferred to deal peaceably with them, and to
be generous to them. I hope the bill of the Sen-
ator from Missouri will be passed. It ought long
since to have been passed; and I hope Mr. Har-
dy will be paid interest. I do not know whether
he asks for interest or not; but if he does not, he
ought to ask for it.
Mr. STUART. I have no disposition to pro-
long this debate; but the Senator from Iowa must
be mistaken in one respect, or else the papers
which have been read are erroneous. This ap-
plication is for payments made about•«. year im-
mediately preceding the making of the treaty of
Prairie du Chien. Therefore, I say that negoti-
ations must either have been actually pending or
they must have been in immediate contemplation.
But, sir, the Senator does not answer the points
I made. The law prohibited any bargaining of
this kind with the Indians; and for what purpose?
For the very purpose of preventing what the Sen-
ator says there was danger of—war. We all
know, who know anything about Indians, that
one of the most fruitful sources of difficulties with
them grows out of the instigations of white men,
who get into their midst and induce them to come
into conflict with the white people, for the purpose
of making money to these very same men when a
peace is negotiated. Hence, the policy of the law
is to keep these men out with their traffic, with
their powder, their blankets, and their whisky,
and with everything else that can contaminate the
Indians or alienate their feelings from the Gov- !
eminent of the United States. That law was vio-
lated; violated by these men.
Then again, sir, I stated the principle we have
always held, which is violated here. But besides,
there is not a single statement in this case, that I
have heard of, which goes to show that these
claimants have any equity at all. They base their
claim upon the ground that they made a bargain
with the Indians, and paid them; and that they
were thereafter compelled to pay the United States;
and hence they say that, having made the bargain
with the Indians, and paid them, what they paid
the United States must be refunded. There is
the principle of this case, and I submit that it is
a principle which the Senate cannot sanction. I
am not prepared to say that a very strong case in
equity of this character might not be presented;
but there is none shown here. It is an old case, !
of long standing, and it is based upon another. I
The direction in the bill is to settle this claim as ]
another claimant was settled with,and all we have
here to show on the subject is a certain number ;
of pounds of lead which they paid as rent to the
United States. There is nothing in the case which ji
goes to show that there was extortion, nothing j]
which goes to show that there was great loss on
this account. It was a business that they could
have abandoned at any minute, and abandoned in
compliance with the law. If they persisted in it,
it is'fair to presume that it was lucrative.
There is then, I repeat, sir, nothing in equity
to support this bill; and it is in the very face of
the law of the United States and the principles
upon which we treat with the Indians. These are
considerations that, with me, weigh much beyond
any amount of money that may be involved in the
case; because, if these precedents be set they will
subsequently be resorted to as we see this single
case already passed is resorted to, in order to base
this upon. We do not know what were the facta
in regard to the condition of this lead country at
that time. We do not know how many men were
dealing in the same way, nor when you will get
through paying this sort of claims. It was there-
fore that I said to the President that I desired the
yeas and nays upon this question, for I wished
to record my vote against the bill, involving, as I
believe it does, a very dangerous principle.
Mr. IVERSON. I see it lacks only two or three
minutes of the time at which the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Green] yesterday gave notice of'
his intention to call up the Kansas bill. I there-
fore propose to move that this bill be postponed
until to-morrow. I desire ta make some remarks,
as I submitted the report in favor of it. I think
I can successfully answer the objections the Sen-
ator from Michigan has presented, but I have no
time to do it now. I am not disposed to go into
the argument and to be cut short. I therefore move
to postpone the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 65) to
authorize the President of the United States to con-
tract for the transportations of the mails, troops,
seamen, munitions of war, Army and Navy sup-
plies, and all other Government service, by rail-
road, from the Missouri river to San Francisco,
in the State of California.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to offer another amend-
ment to the bill, in the second section, line nine,
to strike outthe word"ten"and insert" twelve,"
so that it will read, " shall not exceed twelve
years." I am instructed by the select committee
to offer this amendment. The bidder is to com-
plete the road within twelve years instead of ten
years of the execution of the contract. That is
the effect of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. WADE. I desire to ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to move an amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator from California
what has become of all the amendments that were
offered ?
Mr. HAMLIN. They have been adopted.
Mr. PUGH. But there were several substitutes
printed. I believe the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] had one. I have not seen it offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair is not aware that any sub-
stitute has been offered. The Chair remembers
that the Senator from Mississippi presented a bill
in the form of a substitute to be offered by him.
The individual now occupying the chair also pre-
sented another substitute to be offered in a cer-
tain contingency, which, however, is not now
likely to arise, in the opinion of the Chair, and it
will not probably be offered. The Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Foster] has the floor.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator from Con-
necticut give me the floor to move to postpone this
subject until to-morrow, and take up the Kansas
bill ?
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will not be passed oyer
until to-morrow. I think the Kansas question
can soon be disposed of.
Mr. GREEN. Then let us pass over this bill
informally.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the Pacific railroad bill „
will be postponed until to-morrow. I ask it as a
favor to me; I have some very important amend-
ments which I wish to offer; 1 have them not al-
together prepared yet; I have them partially made
