1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
How are you, in law, to make any difference be-
tween these testimonials; to say that you will give
effect to one, arid will reject the other; that you
will give effect to that which testifies for the mi-
nority of the people, and will reject that which
testifies for the majority of the people; that you
will accept that which was first given, and reject
the last expressions of the popular will'
It is these last expressions of the popular will
that ought to govern on every principle, just as
much as that a former law must yield to a subse-
quent law in any point of conflict between them.
The last evidence, then, is the vote of the people
on the 4th of January, of ten thousand against it;
and the evidence nearly cotemporaneous with that
are the resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas,
protesting and imploring you not to accept this
instrument, that it is a fraud and an imposition
upon them. I want to know why it is that this
evidence is not entitled to our consideration and
to have effect? The President, it seems to me,
has given us a most unsatisfactory reason. The
President says that in recommending the adop-
tion of this constitution to us, as implied in the
admission of the State, he has not overlooked the
vote of ten thousand against the constitution given
upon the 4th of January; he has considered it;
but he holds it, and he holds the law of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature under which that vote was
taken, to be mere nullities? Why' The law was
passed by the regularly-elected Legislature of the
Territory, providing that a vote should be taken
on that day; and why not? Is there anything in
an organic law, is there anything anywhere that
forbids it? No, nothing.
The President had anticipated that the consti-
tution itself, in whole, and not in part, was to be
submitted to the people. The Governor had so
contemplated, and had so assured and promised
the people. The President regrets that it was only
submitted in part. He regrets that the entire con-
stitution was not submitted. Though he accepts
at an equivalent the partial submission, he regrets
that it was not submitted as a whole.
The Territorial Legislature, after this constitu-
tion was published, immediately passed a law to
have a vote taken upon the entire constitution—
the very course which the President had preferied,
and to which Mr. Walker pledged himself. What
do they do but carry out, and act in perfect accord-
ance with, the wishes and opinions of the Presi-
dent and Governor ' And yet the President, who
was for a general submission, and would have
preferred it, says the act of the Legislature, in
accordance with his opinion, is a mere nullity.
Why? Because, he says, by the previous acts of
the people, and of the territorial government, the
Territory was so far prepared for admission into
the Union as a State. That is the reason. He
gives no application of it, but announces, as a
reason, that it was so far prepared, because the
constitution had been made, ready to be offered
to Congress, though that constitution had not yet
been submitted to the people when this law was
passed. That was her condition; that was the !
preparation she had made. The only preparation
was, that under the authority of a previous Ter-
ritorial Legislature, a convention had been held,
and a constitution made and published.
That was the condition of her preparation; and
because of that preparation, the President says
that theTerritorial Legislature had no power what-
ever to pass a law to take a popular vote upon the
adoption of that constitution, to see what the peo-
ple thought of it; to collect the evidence of the
public will! What could the Territorial Legisla-
ture do to satisfy themselves, to satisfy the coun-
try, to satisfy the just rights of the people, but to
say a vote shall be taken on the 4th of January
next, in which ail the people shall declare then-
assent to, or disapprobation of, this constitution
as an entire instrument? What is therein the
preparation above referred to to prevent it ' What j;
force had the constitution? Could the constitu- jj
tion, unaccepted by you, unauthorized by you,
paralyze and annihilate the legislative power
which your act of Congress had conferred upon
the territorial government ? Does not that power,
and all that power, remain as perfect as when you
granted it ? And could that power which your
act gave be diminished or lessened by any act of
mere territorial authority ? It is palpable that it
could not. No matter what act might be done by
the people of Kansas, call it by what name you
please—law of the Territorial Legislature, consti-
tution made by the people; no matter by what
name you call it—the supremacy of the Govern-
ment of the United States remains untouched and
unimpaired, and all the power of territorial legis-
lation which it gave may be exercised by the Le-
gislature.
Of what avail is this constitution until accepted
by Congress, and the State admitted upon it?
Whom does it bind ? Is it anything more than a
proposition by the people of Kansas that " we
shall be admitted with this instrument, which we
offer as our constitution?" What more is it?
Does it bind anybody? Where does it derive its
authority? The organic law authorized no legis-
lation by a convention. The convention could
exercise no legislative power which Congress had
given, because Congress gave its power to a
Territorial Legislature, to be elected in a certain
manner, and to be exercised in a certain manner.
The convention could exercise no legislative
power. Itbound no one. It did not bind the future
State; for, until you accepted it, what prevented
the people from calling a convention the next day,
and altering or modifying it according to their
own views? Is there anything of reason, of ar-
gument, or of law, to support such a proposition
as that the people are restrained from making
another constitution because they have proposed
one not yet accepted and acted upon by Congress ?
I think not.
In my judgment, we have a precedent which
shows 1 am right in this view of the subject. The
case is this: Wisconsin, then under a territorial
government, presented herself here with a State
constitution, and asked for admission into the
Union as a State. Congress admitted her, buton
the condition that her constitution should be sub-
mitted to a vote of the qualified electors of the
Territory; and, if assented to by the people, that
the President should announce that fact by proc-
lamation, and that thereupon, and without any
further proceedings on the part of Congress, her
admission should be complete and absolute. This
was the case of Wisconsin; this her state of
preparation. What, under these circumstances,
did the people of Wisconsin do ? Did they pro-
ceed according to this act of Congress, and sub-
mit their constitution again In the people, as re-
quired by said act? No, sir; they passed that
act by, called anotherconvention, applied to Con-
gress at a subsequent session, and were admitted
into the Union as a Slate.
Was not their state of preparation greater than
the preparation of the Territory of Kansas ? Here
Wisconsin was not only in a state of preparation,
by having made a constitution, but that constitu-
tion had received the approbation of Congress,
and she had been conditionally admitted into the
Union as a State. Yet she considered that even
under these circumstances, she was at full liberty
to avail herself, or not to avail herself, of that con-
ditional admission—and concluding not to decline
it, she made another constitution, and was there-
upon admitted by Congress.
If they could do that, if, prepared as they were,
that preparation did not preclude them from
making another constitution, how is this less state
of preparation, on the part of Kansas, to preclude
the Territorial Legislature, not from performing
the high act of calling a convention, but simply of
taking another vote on a constitution which was
yet to be proposed to Congress ? Can any reason
be shown? No, sir, none. That constitution was,
in my judgment, inoperative; and of gentlemen
who think differently I would ask, how long would
it have operated as binding on the people of Kan-
sas ? Suppose circumstances had occurred which
had prevented any application to Congress for
years, how long would this instrument have re-
tained its vitality, and retained its vigor and au-
thority' One year' Two years? Three years?
Four years? How long? Suppose the president,
Calhoun, had put this instrument in his pocket,
and kept it there all the days of his life, would it
all the days of his life have restrained the people
of Kansas from taking other steps, and calling
other conventions, and making other constitu-
tions?
If its authority would not have continued a life-
time, how long could it continue ? No man can
seta limit; and the conclusion, therefore, is, that
it never had any binding influence; at any rate,
never such binding influence (and this is all I am
required to show) as to have prevented the peo-
ple, if they had changed their minds after making
the first constitution, from calling another con-
vention, and resorting to all means necessary for
the establishment of another constitution, and
then to offer it to you. It is theirs to offer, and
ours to dispose of; and they are free up to the last
moment to make known to Congress what is their
will and what is their determination in relation
to the fundamental law of the State which they
are about to establish.
Is not this all perfectly clear to our reason?
Are there any fictions of law; are there any tech-
nicalities springing out of these instruments, gov-
erning their force and effect, to prevent this con-
clusion? Is this constitution to be made up into
a little plea of estoppel against the people ? Are
the little rules which we are to gather from West-
minster Hall, the little saws in action at law that
do well enough to decide little questions of meum
and tuum among A, B, and C, to be applied as the
measure to those great and sovereign principles
on which States and peoples rest for their rights
and their liberties? No, sir. This is agreat polit-
ical question, open, free to be judged of according
to God's truth and the rights of the people, unre-
strained, unincumbered, unimpaired by any fic-
tion or by any technicality which could prevent
the full scope of your justice and your reason
over the whole subject.
Therefore, sir, this state of preparation of the
Territory of Kansas for admission into the Union
has no effect. The argument is not applied; the
fact is merely stated that there is a state of prepa-
ration, and there it would be necessary to stop on
any doctrine; for, in my own judgment, no argu-
ment can be made even of any ordinary plausi-
bility to show that the state of preparation re-
strains the people of their natural and indefeasible
right and their legal right as proclaimed by you,
to form with perfect freedom their own institu-
tions before they come into the Union. There is
no technicality about it.
Here, it seems to me, applies that great princi-
ciple to which I adverted at first, that the people
have a right to govern themselves. I mean, of
course, in subordination to constitution and law.
This people had no constitution, could have no
constitution, while they remained in territorial
dependence; and when the act of the Territorial
Legislature was passed, requiring a vote to be
taken on this proposed constitution, they had full
authority to pass that law. Their hands were not
bound. Here wasa great actabout to be done; an
act to bind the State, to give it a new character,
to give it new institutions, to put upon it a con-
stitution—that panoply of the rights of all. This
was the great act to be done; it is an act which
none but the people can do through themselves or
their proper representatives. It is in all cases di-
rectly or by reference the act of the people. The
laws which they establish are not of that transient
character which can be made to-day and repealed
to-morrow. They are made for permanency.
They are the great immutable and eternal truths
and principles on which all government must
rest. They are expected to be permanent. The
people delegate to others the power of passing
temporary and repealable laws. They reserve
to themselves the great right of passing those
which are permanent and can only be repealed
by themselves.
Was it not of consequence, was it not of im-
portance to know the will of the people, whether
they really did approve of this constitution which
was about to be offered to Congress—a law which,
when Congress puts its imprimatur on it by ad-
mitting the State, is to be permanent ? Would it
be any harm to take the vote over and over again,
so long as doubt remains ? Congress has the
power. What objection could there be to it? You
may say "It is an unnecessary care of the peo-
ple's rights; you have had their decision once;
therefore, it is not necessary to have it again;"
but out of abundant care and abundant zeal, you
may choose to take it again and again, and ascer-
tain whether there may be change or variation in
the public opinion. Who can say aught against
