1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2581
E
the great lakes, I cannot vote for that improvement
when it stands connected with the appropriation
of money for the improvement of harbors for the
benefit of cities situated on the lakes. I cannot
vote for the amendment now offered, although it
contains an appropriation for the St. Clair flats,
which I could vote for, and for which I have voted
separately, and should be willing to do so again,
because the appropriations which it proposes are
intended mainly for the benefit of the cities that
are situated on or around those harbors.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Missouri is
mistaken. There is no appropriation here to con-
tinue any work or make any improvement. It is
simply to preserve, for one year, the works and
property already begun by the Government, and
those who vote against this amendment vote to
destroy that amoant of public property. The
simple question is, can it be pi otected .against
storms for twelve months? We do not ask you
to go on with the work; we simply ask you to
preserve that much public property. If it be that
we are so unfortunate in the Northwest, even if
we have a little public property, that it must be
destroyed, let the Senate say so by its vote.
Mr. BAYALID. I cannot concede to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, that we are voting to destroy any
public property whatever, because we may differ
with him in judgment. My own belief is, that,
if we should vote anything at all for river and
harbor improvements at this session, we should
vote for a continuation of the works. 1 consider
that the appropriations, based on an estimate ob-
tained from the Secretary of War on the subject-
matter of each one, will be literally money thrown
away. It will be no profit to the works them-
selves, or to the general interests of the countiy,
in my judgment; and, therefore, J shall vote
against them.
Mr. KENNEDY. In order to satisfy myself,
m regard to my vote, I should like to a^k the
honorable Senator from Missouri what appropri-
ations are made for cities outside of this appro-
priation for (he St. Clair flats? I wish simply to
bo informed on the subject,
Mr. FOLIC. I will state to the Senator. For
instance, take the city of Chicago. The piers
have been made there by the United States, as I
am told, at a former period, in cub and wood
work. The wood work is giving way, and the
stones are falling out, and. that is impeding that
harbor, as I understand, and the appropriation
proposed in this amendment is not for the purpose
of securing works that arc now going on, or in
process of construction, from going into dilapida-
tion*, but for repairing this dilapidated state of the
piers there. Tho work is of the same nature with
the work which has been carried on in my own
State by taxing the people hundreds of thousands
of dollars, and an expenditure, which is more es-
pecially and particularly beneficial to the particu-
lar State in which the harbor is situated.
Mr. KENNEDY. I am not fully informed. I
understand that the appropriation is simply for
the St. Clair Hats.
Mr. POLK. Oh, no; that has been voted upon.
The St. Clair flats is put in the amendment now
under consideration in connection with the har-
bors of Milwaukee, Sheboygan, St. Joseph's 
Mr. KENNEDY. I will not require the Sen-
ator to repeat them.. I will only say that I am in
favor of appropriations for all those harbors.
They may not be perhaps all entirely regular in
form, ana especially in the way m which this
amendment has been offered, but i desire to ac-
complish their purpose in the end. I want to vote I
for an appropriation for those harbors as weil as j
for the St, Clair flats. I do not know how far I
am out of order in voting for this particular ap-
propriation upon the ground the gentieman as-
sumes that I am voting for an appropriation for
harbors, i shall myself, as far as i am now in*-
formed, vote for the amendment offered.
Mr. KING. That is right.
Mr. KENNEDY. I think so; though it may
be wrong.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that the
remarks of the Senator from Missouri will mis-
lead any one in the Senate, for I presume the
whole Senate, and the whole country, know that
the improvements upon that part of Lake Mich-
igan near Chicago, are not simply for the city of
Chicago. They are necessary for the millions of
property floating upon that lake. It is necessary
that there should be places of security for the
shipping, whether the city of Chicago was there
or not. Does the fact that there is a city near this
particular point make the appropriation local?
You might as well say, because the city of
New York exists, that therefore upon the Atlan-
tic sea-board near the city of New York, there
should be no improvement, because, forsooth, it
is for the benefit of the city of New York ! H is
for the benefit of the whole country, and for the
commerce that is upon the ocean. This improve-
ment at Chicago,-at that point where the improve-
ment is made, is near the city of Chicago; but is
not for the benefit of Chicago alone. It is for the
benefit of property in transitu to the Senator's
own city; and if there is a national work anywhere
upon the lakes, that is one of them. The idea of
asserting that it is a local improvement for the
city of Chicago merely, and for the benefit of that
city,is not doing justice, I apprehend, to the prop-
osition to improve the lake at that particular point.
Mr. JONES. I desire to know whether it will
be in order to move to amend the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in oidcr.
Mr. JONES Then I offer the following amend-
ment, to be inserted at the end of the amendment:
And that there shall be, and is hereby, appropuated, out
of any money m the Tiea«iuy not othci wihC approptiated,
tho sum ot*350,00s>. to expanded under the superintend-
ence or the Secretaiy of War, for continuing the improve-
ment of the navigation of the MitfcnsHppi uVer at the Des
Moines and Rock river rapids, in the taid Mississippi river.
Mr. POLK. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the. amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMTCR Is that amendment in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks if. is.
Mr. JONES. It is as much in order as the
other one
Mr. MASON. It is an amendmcntto an amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES. There have ben regular esti-
mates made by the War Dopaitment for this im-
provement; not at this session of Congress, but
at the last session hut one. An appropriation was
then made for the iniprovementof the navigation
of the Mississippi river to those rapids. This
appropriation is designed for the removal of the
obstructions in the Mississippi river at Rock
river rapids, near the mouth of Rock river, in the
Mississippi river.
Mr. MASON. I did not hear the amount pro-
posed to be appropriated.
Mr. .TONES. Fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. MASON.- I will ask the honotable Sena-
tor from Ohio, if he will give me his attention for
a moment, what is the aggregate amount of ap-
propriation in the amendment lie has offered?
Mr. PTJG 11 Five hundred and seventy or five
hundred and eighty thousand dollars.
Mr POLK. Fivehundi'cdandeiglity-fivethou-
sand dollars.
Mr. MASON. Then I understand that the
works now in progress under former laws requne
$580,000 to be appropriated to prevent their being
destroyed by time or decay, or from other sources,
in the next twelve months.
Mr. PUGH.-I was wrong in stating that they
wore in progress of construction. My colleague
corrected me in that regard. They have nQt bo6n
repaired for ten or twelve years. The St.'Clair
fiats is the only one, I believe, actually in progress.
Mr. POLK. It was about to make the same
explanation.
Mr. PUGH. It gives me no uneasiness what-
ever. I call the attention of the Senator to the
fact that on the 10th page of this bill he will find,
for the continuation of the work on the Washing-
ton aqueduct, an appropriation of $800,000, and,
in addition, " so much of the appropriation of
§230,000, for paying existing liabilities for the
Washington aqueduct and m preserving the work
from injury" as has not been spent for that pur-
pose. If we are to appropriate $1,000,000 to con-
tinue one Vork in the District of Columbia, it
seems to me no great hardship to appropriate
less than #580,000 for continuing twenty or thirty.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.1
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say that I have
paired off with the honorable Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Hammond,] during these night
sessions, not being able, on accountfof my health,
to be all the time in my seat.
Mr. HUNTER. I have been requested by the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] to state
that he has paired eff with the Senator fiom Wis-
consin, [Mr. Durkee.] " «
The result was then announced—yeas 17, nays
SO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick. Chandler, Douglas, Foot,Fos-
tei, Harlan, Jones, Kennedy, King, Polk, Pugh, Seward,
Simmons, Stuart, TtnmbuH, Wade, and Wilson—IT.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler,
Bright, Brown, Clingmrm, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon,
Fessenden, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Hale, Hayne, Houston,Hun-
ter, Iverson, Johnson or' Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Mallory, Mason, Reid, Rico, Slidell, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Pugh.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re*
suited—yeas 23, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—?rlessis. Bell, Brodertck, Chandler, Collamer,
Ciitteuden. Di.xon, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale,
ILunlui, EiaiJan, Jones, Kennedy, King, Pugh, Seward,
Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigter, Bright,
Brown, Clmgman, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Hayne, Houston,
liuntci, Iverson, Johnson of Aikansa**, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Malloiy, Mason, Polk, Reid, Iviee, Sebastian, Slidell,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I move to strike out from the
seventy-fifth to the ninety-second line, inclusive,
„ the first section of the bill, in the following
-'rds: • •
For compensation of two superintendents for the life-
saving stations on the coasts of Long Island and New Jer-
sey, &3,000.
"For compensation of fifty-four keepers of stations, at
.$200 each, $10,800.
" For contingencies for life saving apparatus on the coast
of the United States, $12,000.
Foi the purchase oi ' Ilolmes's life boat,' to be placed
at r.ieh of the twenty eight hle-saving stations on the coast
oi New Jersey, $8,440.
*• For the pmchase of tho best life boats, to be approved
by the Treasury Department, lor use on the coast of Long
island, $10,000.
"For piocMiting two additional improved metallic life-
boats, a iii')ta!hcJife-car, and necessary harness, lines, and
other suitable article*, to be used under the direction of tile
Seneiaiy of the Tseasury m saving hie,in case? of marine
disaster, oil' Galveston station, Texas, $>10,000."  
Mr. TOOMBS. My honorable friend from
Ohio having started m the right direction, it will
give me great pleasure to travel with him on that
road. This amendment has my hearty concur-
rence. I do not wish to set off one bad thing
against another; but he is now striking in the
right way, and he will got my support with gregtt
pleasure.
Mr. PUGH. I know I shall get the Senator's
- iport unless I make a dash against the Bruns-
.. ick navy-yard, and I regret that I have not an
| opportunity to do so at present. If there be not
1 money enough in the Treasury to discharge the
I duties of the Govorment towaids the people who
i have the nusforinne to live on the northwestern
1 lakes, 1 wish to know if you have money enough
to take care of the Atlantic coast? And in order
that we may understand whether the people of
the Northwest are entitled to any bencfitfrom this
Union, or whether they are merely conquered
provinces, to be taxed for the benefit of the At-
lantic coast, I demand the yeas and nays on that
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. My honorable friend from
Ohio will be obliged to excuse me from going
with him, inasmuch as it will strike most decid-
edly at the State of New York, his best friend. I
shall have to stand by New York.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bright, Brown, Douglas, Fitch, Fitz-
• • .xek, Hayne, liuntci, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee,
iory, Polk, Pugh. Rice, Toombs, and Yulee—15.
j JAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Brod-
c.iek, Gimgman, Collamcr, Crittenden, Dixon, Fossenden,
Foot, Foster, Hale, llamhn, Harlan, Houston, Johnson of
Arkani-ar=, Jones, Kennedy, King, Mason, Reid, Sebastian,
SovM'd, Simmons, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Trum-
bi.!', „ ,~ade, Wilson, and Wright—31.
.1 the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POLK. I move to strike out tbe words
" two hundred and fifty " in the twelfth line of the
first page, and insert " one hundred;5' so that the
clause will read:
" For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coast
of the United States, (including compensation to superin-
tendent and assistants, and excluding pay and emoluments -
g: offices s of the Army and Navy, and petty officers and men
of uie Navy employed on the work,l $100,000."
