1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
up, but I have left them at ray quarters; I did not
bring them, not anticipating that the bill would
he pressed to-day. I move to postpone the bill
until to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say, too, that I
have had the honor to submit an amendment to
this bill as a substitute, which I am not yet pre-
pared to present, but 1 shall be in a short time.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to make a suggestion.
The Senator Aom Connecticut has an amendment,
to which there will be no objection. I hope we
shall make some little progress to-day, and act oil
his amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. GREEN. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
161) for the admission of the State of Kansas into
the Union, which has been returned from the
House of Representatives, with a message an-
nouncing their adherence to their amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate insist
upon its disagreement to the amendment of the
House of Representatives, and ask for a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. KING. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is the motion subject to di-
vision? I understood the motion to be to insist,
and ask for a conference. Cannot it be divided?
Is not the first question on insisting?
Mr. GREEN. I had thought, from the par-
liamentary law, that two distinct motions would
have been proper; but I have advised with older
and more experienced members, and they inform
me that the customary method is to insist and ask
for a conference at once by one motion. I have
no objection either way.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask for a division of the
question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
remark to the Senator from Rhode Island that the
motion made by the Senator from Missouri is
strictly in order. To insist simply, without ask-
ing for a conference, would accomplish nothing.
Hence a motion to insist and ask for a committee
of conference is the proper motion.
Mr. PUGH. I think there is some doubt about
that. I have no doubt that it is perfectly in order
for us to ask for a conference with the House of
Representatives at any stage of a bill. We can
do it after the first reading; we can confer with
the House of Representatives at any time; but I
understand the House has adhered, and I do not
think it is proper to insist after an adherence. I
know it was done once in the case of the Army
appropriation bill; but that bill finally failed, at
all events, and I do not think there can be any
other precedent found. I should like some of the
gentlemen with whom the Senator from Missouri
says he has consulted, to inform me how it is that
we can insist, after the other House has adhered ?
An adherence, as I understand it, is a distinct no-
tification to us that the other House will not admit
any amendment of their propositions; fori do not
see how they can amend it after they have adhered
to it, any more than they can amend a bill that has
long since passed and gone out of their possession.
I submit to the Senator from Missouri that his
proper course would be, as I understand, simply
to ask for a committee of conference, leaving out
the insisting. I am not strenuous about it, but I
should like to understand how it is that we can
insist, after an adherence by the other House.
Mr. GREEN. There is no difficulty upon the
right of the Senate to insist; and, moreover, it is
the duty of the Senate to insist before they ask
for a conference; and insisting, they then desire to
confer with the House of Representatives to see
what can be done by a mutual interchange of
opinion. It is competent for the Senate then to
adhere to their former position; and both Houses
adhering, any further proposition of conference
#\vould be cut off. Even after the House has, by
resolution, determined to adhere, it is proper for
that House to yield to our proposition to confer.
The contrary was once held, as I find on refer-
ence to the Manual; but the subsequent practice
has been, not only here but also in the Parliament |
of England, to admit a conference after a resolu- j
tion to adhere. It is not necessary to read the j|
cases. ;j
Mr. PUGH. The Senator d oos not seem to
notice my distinction. If an adherence cuts off ■'
the bill, then it is cut off at the other end, as 1
think, as effectually cut oil as if it were cut off at i I
both ends. I do not see how the House of Rep-
lesentatives can admit any amendment after an !j
adherence; but I may be wrong about that. 1 j!
admit that it is competent to have a conference '[
after an adherence on the one side; but what is l!
the purpose of that conference? Andherein comes
the distinction, where I think the Senator will find
that his motion will get him into trouble. When
we insist and ask for a conference, we take the
bill and give it to the other House, and then the
first vote comes in the other House, because the
Senate takes action positively; the Senate insists
and asks for a conference, and our conferees give
the bill to the other conferees, to be taken, first,
to the House; but if we leave the bill here, anfi
simply ask for a conference, our conferees come
back and report to us, and we take the first vote.
We can have a conference before receding, or be-
fore adhering. Either of those things we can now
do. We can either recede or adhere, or we can
have a conference before we take a vote on either
proposition; but if we insist and ask for a con-
ference, we have to leave the bill with the con-
ferees of the other House; and what vote can they
take with it? They have already voted to ad-
here. As I said, there is but one precedent that
I know of, and that is the case of the second
Army appropriation bill of the last Congress; it
was the second taken up at the extra session; it !
was the old bill of the former session. On that '
bill there had been, I think, three committees of
conference at the regular session, and it came to
the extra session. The House of Representatives
adhered, and sent notice to us, and I believe we
insisted; I did not pay attention to the words of
the motion; at all events, we asked for a confer-
ence, and then we adhered ourselves. The bill
never became a law—the House did not recede.
I say it is in order to have a conference after an
adherence on the other side; but I do not think
it is m order to insist, and therefore I submit that
the Senator's motion ought to be simply to ask
for a conference.
Mr. HUNTER. Since I have been here, sir,
the invariable course has been to insist and to ask
for a committee of conference. Nor have I ever
known a case when the motion was divided. In-
deed, I have inclined to suppose that it was indi-
visible. On that point, however, I will not ex-
press any positive opinion. I know it is unusual;
I have known of no such instance in either House.
The Senator fr6m Ohio asks what is the use of
insisting and asking for a conference, if the other
House has adhered. He seems to think that by
adhering, the other House has put an end to the
bill. Not so, sir. If we insist and ask for a con-
ference, the result may be that the other House
may recede, and that was the precise result, as
well as I recollect, in the case of the Army bill.
After several conferences,the House o f Represent-
atives did recede from its adherence. It is true that
the adherence of the House may put an end to an
amendment, or to any change of their amend-
ment, though I hardly think it does that. I be-
lieve the two committees may meet together and
propose an amendment. Certain it is that the
House can recede from its amendment, and if it
does so, the original bill^passcs. Therefore, sir,
there is an object in insisting and asking for a
committee of conference, noram I aware that that
motion has ever been divided.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The seven-
teenth joint rule determines that. It ^requires
the adherence of both Houses to destroy a bill.
The simple adherence of one does not defeat a
bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly; so I understand.
Mr. GREEN. I find m the Manual what I
will read to the Senator from Ohio:
"And on another occasion tlx1 Tiordsma.dc it an objection
that the Commons lmd asked a free conference after they
had made resolutions of adhering. It was then atiirmcd3
however, on the part of the Commons, that nothing wa«
more parliamentary than to proceed with fiee conferences
after adhering, (3 Hats., 269,) and we do, in fact, see in-
stances of conference, or of free conlcrenccjasKed ul'tei tiie
resolution of disagreeing."
It refers to a number of cases "of insisting,"
"of adhering," and even "of a second or final
adherence."
A conference can even then be had.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggested a division of this
question, and it struck me as very proper, because
I did not know how to vote upon the motion as
it was made, it was a motion to insist, and ask
for a conference. I may bo against insisting, but
in favor of asking for a conference, and vice versa.
I cannot vote upon the motion so as to suit myself.
Mr. GREEN. To accommodate the Senator,
I will make two motions; first, to insist, and then
to ask a conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas and
nays having been ordered, the motion can only
be varied by unanimous consent.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to taking
them together.
Mr. PUGH. The motion now is to insist, I
understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To insist, and
ask for a conference, was the motion of the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He modifies it, so as to make
it only to insist.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object to the
modification.
Mr. GREEN. It is objected to, and I have not
the privilege; very well.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that it is in order to move to insist ? 1 have
not succeeded in making the Senator from Mis-
souri understand me. 1 understand it is in order
to ask for a conference. I have not denied that
at all; but I say it is not in order, as I understand
it, to insist, and the paragraph which the Senator
from Missouri read, seems to rac to verify what
I said before. I will read from the Manual:
cc A confeience may be asked, before Hie House asking
it has come to a resolution of disagreement, moisting, or
adhering."
A conference may be asked before any vote.
"In which case the papers are not left with the other
confejees, but are brought back to be the foundation of the
vote to he given."
Therefore we may have a conference with the
other House, if they grant it, and we bring the
papers back here; and then we can vote either to
recede or adhere. All that the Senator has read
is, that there maybe a conference after the other
House has adhered, and before we adhere; but
how, m the name of common sense, I ask, after
the House has adhered, do we go on to insist?
I am opposed to this motion to insist, but I am
willing to vote for a conference; and if the motion
is pressed, I shall feel bound, with my views of
what the rules of order are, to vote against the
first branch of the proposition; but I am perfectly
willing to have the latter one carried.
Mr. MASON. If I understand the Senator
from Ohio correctly, the point of his objection is,
that if we insist, and at the same time ask for a
conference, the effect of it will be to leave the bill
in the possession of the other House.
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. I do not see that there is any
such objection to that as would affect at all the
steps which we may think it proper to take. Sup-
pose the bill is left in the possession of the other
House, as doubtless it will be if the motion pre-
vails; then it will be competent to the other House
to proceed with it at that stage, or to drop it al-
together; and if they choose to do it, the respons-
ibility is upon them. We could not interpose in
any way, I should think; or if we could, 1 doubt
if we ought to interpose m any way; it would be
obtrusive, by any indirect mode to endeavor to
shield that House from the responsibility that
belongs to it.
j confess, sir, that I heard with veiy great re-
gret the message which is now before us from the
other House, communicating to us its first action
upon the disagreement between the two Houses.
Its determination to adhere to its bill in the form
of an amendment was a very significant determ-
ination, if not a very ominous one; and although
I shall vote very cheerfully (and I am gratified
that my honorable fliend from Missouri has made
this motion) to insist, m lieu of a motion to ad-
here on the part of the Senate, yet I do it only
from an earnest desire, if it can be done, to pro-
mote the great public interest of the country by
passing the bill which 1 consider carries out the
