472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
esteemed him as eminently worthy of the largest
confidence and warmest regard of the American
people, as 1 could not doubt his Administration
would alike reflect his wisdom, experience, and
nice appreciation of justice; and that under it the
rights of the people, of all the people, would be
scrupulously regarded. I did not expectinfalli-
bility in his management of public affairs, and do
not now expect it; and when I shall meet with
what I may regard as error, I trust to be pardoned
for the frankness with which I shall always pro-
claim my opinions.
Until I heard the annual message read, I had
expected to be able to yield to its doctrines an
honest and decided support; but from its Kansas
policy I must strongly dissent. I am unable to'
give it my support. I regret exceedingly the tend-
ency of the Executive recommendation, which,
to my mind, is to place the President m a posi-
tion of antagonism to the majority in Kansas. It
leads to an issue between power on the one hand,
and the people on the other. In such a case, I
never can hesitate in determining whose cause I
shall espouse, or what verdict I ought to render.
I am not unmindful of the fact that the former is
quite as likely to triumph with the wrong as the
latter with the right; and that the ambitious may
well hesitate when resolves on success are to de-
cide for whom to do battle. The great influence
of executive patronage; the full extent of execu-
tive power in this country is but feebly compre-
hended. We are apt to underrate it vastly. If
unscrupulously exercised, it becomes a crushing
despotism, as indefensible as that controlled by
the greatest of tyrants—combinations can seldom
resist it, individuals never. But these considera-
tions, clearly as they have presented themselves
to my mind, can never induce me to espouse a
political heresy.
But the great danger surrounding our institu-
tions does not so much arise from a want of pub-
lic virtue as general intelligence. Few outside of
public life watch narrowly the conduct of their
public servants, and fewer still are sufficiently
conversant with the machinery of Goveihment
clearly to comprehend the bearing of particular
acts. If it were otherwise, high officers of Gov-
ernmentwould be less powerful for evil, and pub-
lic rights more practically defensible. I f, therefore,
at any time, resistance to a gross and unpardon-
able outrage upon an admitted principle, shall
prove unavailing, let not the offense, on that ac-
count, be baptized and sanctified; let it rather be
an evidence of the truth of my declaration, and a
warning to those who are unwilling to part with
the sovereignty of the citizen.
My opposition to the President's treatment of
Kansas affairs does not arise from hostility to
slavery; it stands upon a foundation, the strength
of which will be moregenerally admitted. I rest
my resistance upon the violations of declared prin-
ciples, of solemn pledges, and the guarantees to
the nation. To ask me to sanction them, with
my views, is to insult me by suspicions of my
integrity. Others may act differently, it is not
my province to judge them.
" I amy stand alunc,
I)tit would not change my tret: thought* lor a tlnonc."
! am not blind to the fact that a very different
motive will be assigned for my action. 1 have
too often seen it attributed to others, not to anti-
cipate it in my own case. l)ut it has become a
stale cry, and, I think, must soon prove a barren
one. If differing from my southern friends on
any point which immediately or remotely affects
the interests of slavery must subject me to anath-
ema, so be it; I must bear up under it; I cannot
deny my convictions that I may receive a chari-
table judgment.
I do not oppose slavery where it legally exists.
It is there a matter between the master and the
slave; ltconcerns them alone; and I will not inter-
fere with it or then), i yield a ready allegiance
to our common Constitution, and will support all |
the laws made under it as long as they remain in j
force, to whatever subject they may relate, or
whatever burdens they may impose upon me.
But when any man, or body of men, seek to plant
that institution or any other on my soil, or where
I have the legal right to spnak, I will timn exer-
cise the prerogative of a freeman. And when
this is attempted by force or by fraud, when it is
manifested in an utter disregard and profound
contempt for the popular will, that, of itself, will
induce me to resist it to the last.
This is a law to me—and there is no other sound
law of liberty—to exercise all my rights in their
fullness, and to grant the same measure of power
to my neighbor. The application of this rule of
action is not onlygood for individuals, but equally
so for communities and Status. It is a.golden
rule; it is a pure constitutional rule. The North
must regard all the rights of the South, and the
South must regard all the rights of the North—in
the States and in the Territories—throughout the
broad land—for neither wears a panoply against
the assaults of the other. There are two classes
of persons, however, who, in a marked manner,
interfere with this course of conduct. They are
those who deny and those who grant all demands
made, whether just or unjust. Extremists in the
South, judging all northern men to be of the former
class, designate them as enemies and Abolition-
ists; and certain northern politicians looking upon
a few northern Democrats as a type of the whole,
have declared Democracy to be the ally of sla-
very. Roth cannot be right, and believe that
they are equally wrong. Denying, as I do, the
charge that*Democracy has entered into a league
with slavery, I am yet willing to admit, as I have
said, the existence of a few northern confederates
with it. I do not believe them able to exercise
much power, whatever their disposition. If it
shall prove otherwise in their action upon the
present question, I must leave to them the re-
sponsibilities of a course destructive of the effect-
ive force of our party organization.
I think I may, with great truth, say that the
enactment of the law organizing the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska, including the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, was not, originally, a
popular movement at the North. It was regarded
with suspicion, and believed to be impolitic if not
unjust. Mr. Puclianan himself,by expressing the
wish, in his Reading letter, that that line should
be extended to the Pacific ocean, gave to the com-
promise a sanctity or popularity additional to that
derivedfrom thirty-four years' acquiescence; and
when its contemplated destruction was announced,
it was received with great a- Mnislunent and deep
regret. It was honestly believed, by very many,
to be a movement to advance the peculiar interests
of the South at the expense of those for whose
benefit the territory north of ill" line had been
dedicated to freedom. The doctrine of popular
sovereignty by which it was accompanied,made
it. at first but tolerable, though, eventually, pal-
atable. Could the future history of Kansas have
then been road, as it has since transpired to this
moment; the repeated frauds and usurpations
practiced and imposed upon her people; her ago-
mzingand fruitless cries for justice; the cruel and
crushing sympathy of high Federal officers with
her oppressors; her appeal for free institutions
derided by ruffians, and slavery fastened upon her
in bold defiance of her rights; could all this have
been foreseen, the northern advocate of that legis-
lation could not have breasted for a single mo-
ment the withering tornado such wrongs would
have raised against him. These unjust conse-
quences, not naturally flowing from the legislation
spoken of, have now resulted; and if they would I
not have been tolerated then, why should they
be now? Have we an overplus of political power
which should induce us to carry so exhausting a
burden with patience? Once taken up by the
party they would cling to it like the Man of the
Mountain to the back of the sailor, choking itand
sinking it to the earth. It is too soon for us to
forget what overpowering strength we brought
to the polls in 1859, and the means—yes, sir, the
means—by which it was recklessly frittered away
before ISfifi.
Mr. Chairman, I am upon a point T feel deep-
ly, and if I shall express myself with warmth
and decision I must be pardoned. As long as
I am capable of appreciating truth, I can never
lend myself to the attempt now being made, with
high sanctions, to undermine the foundation upon
which the modern territorial legislation rests, and
| to falsify pledges upon the faith of which the last
presidentialelection was accomplished. The vital I
i principle, the soul of the Nebraska-Kansas bill, is !
! to lie blasted. Th-1 majority are not necessarily to I
I rule. If I can read recent events at all, I learn so j
I much from them. Let the peoplennderstand this; j
! teach them the whole truth, and then hear their I
response. Think you the mighty millions of the
North, the East, and the West will be quieted aa
children by baubles? Will they allow legislation
to be construed one way to-day, and enforced a
different way to-morrow ? In short, will they
submit always to stake upon a game where they
never can win ? If they are so miserably made
up, so destitute of real manhood, they are truly
only fit to be the " white slaves" of whom we
have occasionally heard, and from my soul I pity
them. The nam® of freeman fits them not, but
hangs upon 'them,
   " like a giant's robe
Upon a dwarfish thief."
My course is my own; others arc not answer-
able for it; and I would not implicate them in my
action if I could. But I will resist every attempt,
no matter from what quarter it may come* to in-
flict adespotism upon the people of Kansas, when
the law guaranties them liberty, or to impinge
upon the promises the Democracy took upon them-
selves to make in the last presidential campaign.
The recommendation in the message goes out
as "a forlorn hope" against what has heretofore
been supposed to be the strongly intrenched doc-
trine of popular sovereignty. What will the
country do, is the question. Will it defend this
great principle in the hour of its severe trial ? Or
will it allow the right of self-government to be suc-
cessfully assaulted? Has it already become an
obsolete, a worn-out thing? But two years ago I
expressed the opinion that those most prominently
instrumental in causing the Democratic party to
be pledged to maintain the doctrine of popular
sovereignty, in the organization of ourTerritories,
would deeply regret it. I never doubted that it
would operate against the growth of the South.
On the 19th of March, 3856, when insisting upon
an investigation into alleged election frauds in
Kansas, I had occasion to use these words:
"Sir, the suppoitersof that bill [the Nebraska-Kansas
bill] have proclaimed to the nation that the Territories of
the United States are to constitute 4 a fair field,'and that
there w to ho ' a five fight' theie, between the North and
the South, to decide whether slaveiy or freedom shall rule
tlicm. If the energy, the emerpi ise, the active modes of life,
tiie available capital, and the numbers of the North, shall
not be able to compete successfully with their opposite*? m
the South, and secuie freedom to the Territories, then f will
admit that thoio is a vitality and a power in slavery which
we of the North have never di earned of. In my opinion, the
Ilepiesentatives of the South m the Thuty-Tlurd Congress
4 have sown the fire, and they will gather fire into their own
garners.'"
The prediction is fulfilled; for now, like Pyrene,
the Iberian princess, they fly in fear from their own
child; it is a serpent, and pursues them. The day
of repentance has come upon them much sooner
than I anticipated. Instead of decades, it haa
required but brief months to inculcate the lesson
which should never be forgotten, that weakness
cannot long triumph over strength, nor minorities,
m this free land, trample down majorities. If
what we have esteemed the great truths of repub-
lican governmental nota sheer he, then squatter
sovereignty, adequately protected, will give the
virgin lands of our Confederacy to the free white
man, and not the negro slave. This is now s&n>
and sovereignty is not to be protected; it is to be
crushed out; by unwarrantable, illegal interfer-
ence it is to be crushed out; and the hitherto pliant
North is expected to acquiesce. If it submits, be
it so. I will, never! no, never!
A southern writer in De Bow's Weekly Press
exhibits in a striking light the imperative neces-
sity resting upon the South to make Kansas a
slave State, it is declared to be the necessity aris-
ing from self-preservation, and such as originates
the highest law. I read an extract from the arti-
cle referred to, of the date of January 16, 1858:
k' The surrender of Kansas to the operation of the ma-
jonty iniCj under the crv of popular sovereignty in the
Territories, without constitutional \vairant,and iiei abrup-
tion by the non-siavi-holdmg power of the country, would
make the evil of the times no longer prospective, hut in-
stant and imminent. Bv the fact of this suriender, the
South would become *uboidi ant, and the North piedom-
mant, in the Union. Never again, in the Union, could tho
equiii')iium of State soveieign representation between the
South and the Noith be either maintained in or restored to
the Senate. Never agam,in the Union, could the equality
of the South with the North bo either maintained m oi re-
stored to the House of Representatives. No further barrier
could be constructed between either the aggressive torn tonal
or political lapacity or the North, and the*weakened and di-
minished South. No other buhvaik could he raised to guard
either the moial or social mtegiity of the South against the
disiupliug and destiactive legal and social systems^of the
North. Tho South, like Hector bound to the car of Achil-
les, would soon be diaggedby the triumphant North aiouud
