520
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 17,
35th Cong....1st Sf.ss.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
it? Do you object to it because it is taking too
great care of public liberty, paying too great re-
spect to popular rights ? Nobody will take that
ground.
Bat it may be said you might delay the appli-
cation to Congress by these repeated elections.
You must avoid that as far as you can. In this
case it has not delayed it. In this case this vote
was taken before this constitution came before
you; while yetit slumbered in the hands of Pres-
ident Calhoun. No objection can be made, then,
that this was made the cause of, or intended merely
for the purpose of, delay. The result shows that
it was necessary and proper. The result shows
that, notwithstanding the vote of six thousand
in favor of it, there were ten thousand who were
opposed to it. I say, therefore, this is not the
constitution of the people of Kansas. It may, in
a certain sense, be a constitution offered by the
convention to the people of Kansas, but which
the people of Kansas by ten thousand majority
have rejected—have as lawfully rejected in the hist
vote, as it was lawfully approved by the six thou-
sand first voting in the preceding December.
I say, then, Mr. President, upon the record evi-
dence, upon all the evidence, tins is not the con-
stitution of the people of Kansas. It is not the
constitution under which they desire that you
shall admit them into the Union. Now, will you,
against their will, force them in the Union under
a constitution which they disapprove ? That is the
question. You know the fact that ten thousand
against six thousand are opposed to the constitu-
tion. You know that by the act of their Terri-
torial Legislature they entreat you not to admit
them with this constitution. They tell you, more-
over, as one of their reasons, not only that they
disapprove of the whole constitution, but that it
is particularly hateful to them because the votes
given for it, or apparently given for it, were, to a
great extent, fraudulent and fictitious. The Legis-
lature tells you that nine tenths of the people theic
are opposed to it.
Now, would it not be strange, that under these
circumstances, we should, withoutany motive for
it that I know of, as the common arbiters of all
Territories and States to the extcntof our consti-
tutional power, force her into the Union ? What
motive can we have, what right motive, with the
knowledge of these facts, to force her into the
Union, and to enforce upon her this constitution?
I cannot feel myself authorized to do such a thing.
Of course I do not impugn the motives and the
views of others, who, taking a different view, act
from impressions different from mine. They act
upon one view, and I upon another; but, viewing
the subject as I do, it seems to me that to do this
is a plain, unmistakable violation of the right of
the people to govern themselves.
I have endeavored to show you, sir, that this
is not the constitution of the people of Kansas,
according to the recorded evidence of their will.
It seems to me, furthermore, that this constitution
is a fraud. It is not only not their constitution,
according to their will, but it is got up and made
in fraud, to deprive them of their rights. I believe
that, and 1 think it can be shown.
The Presidentof the United States hasfurnished
us an argument on this subject, and it has been
oftentimes repeated here m the debate—of course
a plausible and ingenious argument, as all must
admit, even those who deny the solidity of the
reasoning. What is the argument? The Presi-
dent says that the sense of the people was taken,
and proved to be in favor of calling a convention.
The convention was called; delegates were elected;
those delegates made a constitution; that consti-
tution was submitted to the people in part, and
approved by a vote of six thousand, taken accord-
ing to law. Well, all these, you will observe, con-
stitute a tissue, a long series of little legalities,
regularities, and technicalities; and the reasoning
of the President is founded on technical points on
each of these facts. You must admit all the facts.
Yes, sir, the facts are all true; and if they alone
constituted the case, the conclusion would be fair
and right that this constitution has been regularly
made; that this constitution has been sanctioned
by the people as well as by the convention. But
is there no more in the case than this? There is
a great deal more in the case than this.
When frauds have been alleged and charged
against this government of Kansas, gentlemen say,
"Ah, but these frauds were 111 other elections;
these frauds do not particularly and specifically
touch this constitution, or the proceedings which
led to this constitution." But suppose there were
frauds in relation to it: is it not something if I
show you that, in regard to that part of the con-
stitution which was submitted to the people to be
ratified by them, and which was nothing until the
people had ratified it, even according to the con-
stitution itself, there was fraud in that election,
and abundance of fraud? So glaring, so impu-
dent, and so fearless, had frauds in elections be-
come there, that upon that very poll-list, in one
of the precincts, (I forget whether it was in Ox-
ford, or Shawnee, or that other precinct which
emulates these in its character for fraud, Kicka-
poo,) you find that the President of the United
States, Colonel Benton, and the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Sewarp,] were there, it seems,
or fictitious votes were put in for them by some-
body, and a long list of persons of that sort figure
on the poll-books at these miserable precincts as
actual voters. That was the vote on the constitu-
tion on December 21; that was on the part sub-
mitted to the people. They were the constitution-
making power there; and there I show you the
fraud.
What further frauds there were I know not;
hut this much is apparent—and laterdevelopments
show greater frauds still—that in one single prc-
cinct, where there were only thirty or forty votes
to be taken legitimately, there were over twelve
hundred; and under the investigation lately made
by commissioners in Kansas, that, upon sworn
testimony, is stated to be the fact. In one precinct
there were twelve hundred fraudulent and ficti-
tious votes out of twelve hundred and sixty; seven
hundred in another, and over six hundred in
another; making in the aggregate twenty-six hun-
died votes in three precincts, entirely fraudulent
and fictitious, wiitten out by hundreds on the
poll-book after the election was over, put on with-
out scruple upon the poll-book, upon the election
' return, put down without scruple during the elec-
| tion, of those who were qualified, and those who
| were not qualified; and that is the way this con-
, stitution in part has received its sanction.
Hut, sir, I think that we should take a very
partial view of this subject, one very unsatisfac-
tory to our judgment, if we were to isolate these
facts which have direct relation only to the form-
ation of this constitution, and leave out all the
surrounding circumstances. It seems to mo that
the proper and the just mode of regarding this
constitution is to consider it as one of a series of
Acts, and see if we can find that the whole action
and operation of all those acts were to lead to one
general purpose—that of maintaining by fraud
j and by falsehood the power and the government
I of the minority, and their offices to them against
; the will of the great majot ity of the voters. I say j
it is an act connected with all the other acts. The j
whole case is to be taken, and every part of it
judged of in this connection.
Now, what was the first act? That is histor-
ical. We may all speak of it now, though we dis-
puted it at the time. The first Legislature that
was elected in Kansas under the organic act, was
not elected by the people of Kansas. It was
elected by persons who were intruders from abroad
—who intruded themselves with arms in their
hands, seized upon the ballot-boxes, put in their
own "ballots, driving away the legitimate voters,
and elected the members to the Legislature. That
| is the way the government of Kansas was inau-
1 gurated. Those who had been driven from the
polls, those who were opposed to the party that
was installed in power by these means, conceived
such indignation and such disgust that they pi*o-
claimed aloud, whether wisely or unwisely, that
they renounced all obedience to this spurious gov-
ernment, as they called it. It is not material to
me whether their complaints are well founded
and true, or not. I am endeavoring to depict the
course of things, to show their motives, and the
motives of the petsons who were thus installed
into the territorial government. They came to
their power by violence; they came to their power
by fraud. That was the complaint of the oppos-
ing party in Kansas. They renounced their rule;
; they 1 enounced their laws; they refused to commit
themselves in any way to their support—refused
to go to any election afterwards.. They said:
" What is the use? This corrupt minority who
have got into power, who have in their hands the
means of controlling the election, who are not too
good to do it, and who will do it, who have done
it, will practice the same means; we shall be again
driven from the polls; or, if not, they, having the
control of the elections, and of all the officers who
conduct and manage them, will have what returns
made they please. We will subject ourselves no
more to the humiliation of attempting to execute
a right which we know will be frustrated and de-
feated by fraud or by force." Under these im-
pressions, and with these feelings, which it is
not my part here either to justify or rebuke, but
simply to state the fact, they withdrew from the
elections, lest, by voting according to the laws
passed by this corrupt Legislature, as they con-
sidered it, they should seem to acknowledge its
authority and their allegiance to it.
Now, what would be the condition of the men
who had been installed into power in this way?
They would be pleased that their opponents had
thus withdrawn themselves from the polls. In all
the elections to be held afterwards, this power of
the minority, however small, would be continued;
as their enemies would not come up to vote, they
would be reelected and would retain and perpetu-
ate their power. So they went on—the field aban-
doned by the majority—and the minority ruling
everything in this way. Look at the evidences
that are before you from those high officers lately
returned from Kansas—Stanton and Walker.
They tell you of frauds regularly perpetrated
there; and, although they had thought before that
the people were acting factiously, that they weie
acting seditiously, that they were acting rebel-
liously in attempting to withdraw themselves from
this government altogether and to act for them-
selves, and that their complaints of fraud and
imposition upon them in elections were rather
affected for the purpose of giving color to their con-
duct than otherwise, yet when they went among
the people and heard them, and learned all about
the dealings that had been practiced, they could
not doubt their truth and their sincerity in the re-
sentment winch they felt and in the conduct which
they pursued. However unwise, it was sincere
on their part. They had been defrauded; they
had wiongs enough to sting and humiliate them.
This is what these officers* say. I know nothing
about it; we know nothing about it, except on the
testimony. That the ruling minority party were
capable of committing fraud, wo know. They
began in fraud. Has any gentleman here denied,
is there any gentleman who discredits the history
which we all have of the frauds practiced in the
first election that was held m Kansas ? However
we might doubt this, however we might have dis-
agreed, however we might have believed or dis-
believed heretofore, have not every mist and doubt
been cleared away from around this fact, and is
there one here now to say that the right of elec-
tion was not trodden down m the first election for
a Territorial Legislature in Kansas, and that a
minority government was not elected? That they
have continued that government by fraud since,
is shown at every step of their progress.
It was in the midst of this self-suspension of
the right of suffrage on the part of their oppo-
nents, that they called the convention by which
this constitution was made. Look at the consti-
tution itself. On its own face, does it not contain
the amplest preparation for fraud, visible and ap-
parent? Look at the internal evidence marked on
its face. They pass by all the sworn officials of
the territorial government who had before con-
ducted elections; they authorized, by the schedule
to the.constitution, President Calhoun to take this
whole matter into his hands, to appoint the offi-
cers to conduct the elections, giving him control
over that official body, and the appointment of
them all; and the returns were not to be made to
any permanent officer of the Government, not to
the Governor, but to this same Mr. Calhoun. He
was to appoint the officers to conduct the election,
receive the returns, count the ballots, and declare
the result. Well, Mr. Calhoun has performed all
this business!
Another thing: every human being, in respect
to that part of the constitution which was sub-
