1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—Lccompton Constitution—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
imtted to the people, before he could vote for or
against it, was required to swear tliat he would
support that constitution when it was adopted. In
that constitution, those who framed it well knew
were provisions intolerable to all the free-State
men in the Territory, and they would not swear
to support it. They so believed and hoped and
expected. This was under the show of a fair
election. Not only have they secured all the ad-
vantages resulting from the appointment of the
officers to conduct it, but, to leave their con-
sciences more easy, these officers were not even
sworn. There was no provision for that. But
every man voting for the constitution, or that part
of it submitted to him to vote upon, was required
to be sworn beforehand that he would support
that constitution. This, it was supposed, if noth-
ing else, would keep off the free-State men.
It is said, in this testimony, that Governor
"Walker, from the time he went there, had been
diligently persuading all the people of the Terri-
tory to throw aside this inaction of theirs, come
into the elections, and participate in the govern-
ment. For this, Mr. Stanton says, Governor
"Walker became the object of utter hostility to
Mr. Calhoun's party. They did not want con-
ciliation. They demanded, as the same witness
says, repression. They wanted penalty, not per-
suasion. They did not know what the result of
this persuasion might be in the elections after-
wards to take place on the constitution. It was
necessary, therefore, to make provision against
the possibly effects of these persuasions and ar-
guments ofGovernor Walker; it was, therefore,
necessary to putin, though nobody opposed them,
six thousand votes for the constitution, they be-
lieving that that was a majority of the greatest
number of votes ever given on any occasion in
the Territory, and so it is stated here. They just
went beyond the line; and for fear of rendering it
more monstrous, and the fraud more visible, they
went just so far as the necessity demanded the
fraud. They did not choose to use it superfluously
They rather husbanded it, to be used as the oc-
casion might require, and no more than was re-
quired. I cannot shut my eyes to this fact. These
preparations, then, in the schedule of the consti-
tution , were made in anticipation of the vague dan-
gers that were apprehended. It was greatly im-
portant to carry through this constitution;greatly
important to preserve their authority under the
constitution. There were two Senators of the
United States to be elected. All the officers of the
State government were to be constituted. These
were to be the reward of those who had labored.
These seem to me to be preparations made for
fraud; and when I come to compare them with
the action which took place afterwards, the design
and the act, the purpose and fulfillment of it, make
the proof perfect. The means of doing it, the
means of facilitating it, are given in the constitu-
tion. The actual perpetration of it afterwards at
the polls is seen. It is seen in the election upon
the constitution. It is seen in the election of the
4th of January, for officers under the new consti-
tution. There is where these frauds, lately devel-
oped, were practiced to such an enormous extent.
There is where these little precincts distinguished
themselves.
Another fact may be noticed, that this conven-
tion to make a constitution were to meet, by law,
in September, and go to their work. They met
then. Did they go to work? No. Why did they
not? There was an election of the Territorial
Legislature to take place in the October follow-
ing. They wanted to know the result of that elec-
tion; to know how the land lay; whether all was
safe or not; whether any point was necessary to
be guarded in the constitution; whether there
were any unexpected majorities rising up; whether
there were any obstructions in the way of ordi-
nary frauds. They wanted to see what was^the
character of the new Legislature, that they might
meet the emergency and meet the exigency with
any constitutional provision that might be neces-
sary to perpetuate their power. They therefore
adjourned to a day after the election. The Legis-
lature was elected; and that Legislature turned
out, notwithstanding all the frauds that were prac-
ticed, to be against them. What then? The Le-
gislature being against them, now whatis the pro-
vision they made in the constitution ? The officers
of election, and other officers of the government,
were, many of them, appointed by the Territorial
Legislature. They thought, "Now, here has
come in, in October, a Legislature opposed tons."
What so likely but that they who have com-
plained of frauds from Government officials, will
now change the officers and change the mode of
election ? What then ? They declare in the sched-
ule that all who are in office now, shall hold their
offices; that all the laws in existence now, shall
continue in existence until repealed by a Legisla-
ture which shall meet undsr the State organiza-
tion under the constitution. That silences com-
pletely the Territorial Legislature, and paralyzes
its power. That was a security against them,
and left the convention and its party to take the
chances at the future election to be held, by their
officials, on the 4th day of January last, as pro-
vided by them, and then they were to make
another final death-struggle for supremacy; and
then, indeed, they did. I have seen the report of
the commissioners lately appointed by the Ter-
ritorial Legislature of Kansas to investigate the
frauds. There this Government party did make
efforts more than worthy of all their former prac-
tices in fraud, in order to secure the Legislature,
which, under the constitution, would make Sen-
ators of the United States. It was here that Ox-
ford, thatShawnee, that Kickapoo, distinguished
themselves in the multiplicity of votes, feigned
and fraudulent.
When you see such things as these in the con-
stitution; when you see such things as these all
around the constitution; when you see the same
men who made the constitution rulers in the land
during the whole time, do you not see that the
frauds have been everywhere, that the imposition
upon the people has been everywhere? And how
can you exempt from the contagion (if there was
nothing more than this general association from
which to infer it) this constitution and those who
made it? Judging from the positive internal evi-
dence that exists in it, and the facts that surround
it, I cannot. I believe that to impose it upon them,
violates the right of the people to govern them-
selves. I believe this constitution is the work of
fraud—fraud upon the rights of the people.
I do not undertake to defend the Free-Soilers for
their conduct. It is not my part nor my province.
I should agree, perhaps, with the President, that
much of their conduct has been of a disreputable,
disorderly, and seditious character. It may be
that it deserves the epithet of " rebellion," which
the President applies to it. 1 have nothing to do
with that. I am not their advocate. 1 have dis-
approved of their conduct in many instances.
There were many bad men among them, as 1 be-
lieve, but for them the law assigns its proper pun-
ishment. The majority of the people have their
political rights, thatremain, notwithatandmgtheir
legal offenses. It is in that point of view, it is in
their political character as the people of a Terri-
tory, that we are now to regard them. Whether
they be more or less guilty on one side or the
other, is not the question. I fear that neither
party could take the chair of impartiality and jus-
tice, and be shameless enough to attempt to ad-
minister rebuke to the other.
One great objection to their admission at all,
is that they have not shown, by their conduct on
any side, that they are altogether fit for associa-
tion with the States of this Union. A little more
apprenticeship, a little more practice of honest
and fair dealing, a little more spirit of submission
and subordination to law and authority, would
be well learned by them, and fit and qualify them
much better for citizens of the United States.
That is my opinion 1 have, however, spoken
of their political i ishts as men, and it is not foi me
to sit in judgment to condemn and deprive them
of the right of suffrage on one side or the other,
because of frauds committed by one, or violence
practiced by another. This is a political question.
It is said, however, that the series of legalities
and technicalities, to which I have alluded, of a
regular election, of a regular convention, of a sub-
mission to the people, and of votes of the people
ji upon all these questions, have been regular; and
' what then ? It is further said, on the other side,
that all the people had a right to vote, and those
who did not vote forfeited their right to complain;
and we are not to inquire whether Iheie were any
people who did not vote, or whether those who
did vote voted fairly, and were entitled to vote or
not. It is said we are precluded by the forma
in which this transaction is enveloped; that the
formal election, the formal certificate of election,
the formal constitution certified—these formalities
are enough for us, and that we are not permitted
to look further; that we ought not to look further.
Sir, I do not think so. We are applied to now to
admit a new State into the Union. The instru-
ment which she presents as her constitution is
opposed by the people from the same Territory.
They say, "this is not our constitution; it is
against our will; it is not only against our will,
but it has been imposed upon us by devices and
fraud. It is void for fraud. If it is not void for
fraud—for that is rather a legal than a political
term—we present these frauds and this opposition
as a reason why you should not admit our Ter-
ritory into the Union under this constitution."
That is the state of the question before you.
The complainants admit all the regularities just as
the President states them. Perhaps they admit
the effect these forms would ordinarily-have, but
they urge other facts in opposition to the apparent
evidence of the constitution itself, as I have be-
fore adverted to. A majority of the people have
protested against it. The present Legislature, by
its inquiries, havedeveloped the vastfrauds which
were practiced in connection with, and in relation
to this constitution. They say, " do not accept
it; do not admit us under it; send it back; let it be
submitted to a fair vote of the people." Sir, upon
such a complaint as this, are we not bound, in
justice to that people, to examine the whole case ?
Can any Senator turn away and refuse to look at
the testimony that is offered ? Can he be justified
in so doing by naked legal presumptions against
positive truth ?
Do not suppose that I would discard all formal-
ities, or the fair presumptions resulting from them.
In many cases, and to many of the transactions
of society, especially to your courts of justice,
they are necessary, and they subserve the pur-
poses of justice. They were not made to sacri-
fice justice, but to uphold it and maintain it and
protect it as an armor. That is the proper busi-
ness of forms—not to crush down justice, but to
promote it. We are not now sitting here gov-
erned by any technicalities. Tins is a grand na-
tional political tribunal, to judge according to our
sense of policy and our sense of justice. That is
our high province—not to be controlled by pre-
sumptions of law when we can have the naked
truth. It is the truth that ought to guide; and
lor that we ought to look wherever we can find it;
and where you find the truth on one side, and the
fiction on the other: which is to be followed, the
truth or the fiction? I take the fact; I take the
truth; let the fiction return to those tribunals
which are by law made subject to it. Tins is a
question above that sort of argument. It is in-
quirable into. Else how can wc judge that it is
their constitution ? It is the first time, I believe,
that such a question has ever come up in the Sen-
ate of the United States. In all former applica-
tions for admission,there has been one thing about
winch there has been no question; and that was,
the willingness to be admitted, and the constitu-
tion under which they desired to be admitted.
There has been no question about the authenticity
of a constitution, or about its expressing the true
will of the people heretofore, that I know of. I am
satisfied there has been none; but now that there
is, we must inquire into the authenticity of the
instrument offered to us; we must tnqunc whether
it is better, on full consideration, to admit this
instrument, and the State with it, or not; and, in
the exercise of that judgment, we are bound to
look abroad for the truth wherever we can find it.
I think, therefore, these matters are all fairly sub-
ject to our consideration.
Mr. President, convinced as I am from these
imperfect views of the evidence in the case, that
this instrument is not really the constitution of the
people of Kansas, or desired by them to be accepted
by you in their admission into the Union; believ-
ing that it is not their constitution; and believing
!j moieover, as I verily do, that it is made in fiaud
11 and for a fraud; believing lhat these matters are
ji inquirabic into by us, and that the inquiry has led
Ij us to abundant light on this subject, I cannot, I
