1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
tion whether we can insist after the House of
Representatives has adhered. The Chair decides
that we can. The Senator does not appeal, and
of course there is no question before us now ex-
cept on the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
I hope we shall vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was aware that there was no question before the
Senate, except the one on which the yeas and
nays were called. With the usual freedom and.
toleration of debate among Senators, he has per-
mitted this discussion for the purpose of allow-
ing Senators to throw light on the question before
the Senate. The question now pending is the mo-
tion of the Senator from Missouri, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered; which is, that
the Senate insist on its disagreement to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives, and ask
for a conference.
The question being taken , by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Bright, Brown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Green,
Gwm, Hammond, Henderson, Houston, Hunter, Iverson,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Ken-
nedy, Maiiory, Mason, Polk, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson
of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wnght—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Bioderick, Cameron, Chandler,
Claik, (Joliamcr, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittlc, Douglas,
Fcsscnden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Ilarlan, King,
Reward, Simmons, Stuart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—24.
So the motion to insist and ask for a committee
of conference was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
the committee of conference be appointed?
Mr. GWIN, and others. By the Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
pro tempore appointed Messrs. Green, Hunter,
and Seward as the committee on the part of the
Senate.
TELEGRAPH TO UTAH.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the bill
(S. No. 211) to facilitate communication with the
Army in Utah.
'i he motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
contract for the extension and use of the Ameri-
can electro-magnetic telegraph from the frontiers
of Missouri or Iowa to such western military
posts as he may deem necessary for the public
service; for which purpose it appropriates such
sum of money as may be found necessary, not
exceeding five hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to propose a substitute
for the bill—to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to contract for the extension and use of an electric tel-
egraph from the frontiers of Missouri or Iowa to such mili-
tary po^ts as he may deem  eces>aiy for the public service ;
the sud contiact to provide for the management and work-
in? of said telegraph by private enterprise, alter the neces-
sity for hucli means of communication with the Aimy in
Utah shall have ceased; and that said telegraph shall not
cost, in the aggregate, more than the sum of five hundred
thousand dollars to SaltLake City, in the Territory of Utah,
and not exceeding a proportionate part of saids-um foi such
portions of such telegraph as shall be conducted ; and that
there be, and id hereby, appropnated out of any mom'y in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such sum of money as
may be found necessary, not exceeding five hundied thou-
sand doilais, to cairy into execution the purposes of this act.
Mr. BIGGS. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts whether this substi-
tute, which he has ofFered as an amendment, has
undergone the revision of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, as I understand the original bill to
have been reported from that committee"*
Mr.WILSON. The substitute I propose my-
self; it has not undergone the examination of the
committee. I will explain it, however. It is more
carefully guarded than the original bill, limiting
the cost to Salt Lake City to $500,000; and if the
line should not go so far as that, providing that
its cost shall only be in that proportion. It is re-
ally a check, suggested by Senators who thought
the original bill was too indefinite.
Mr. BiGGS. I should like to inquire of the
Senator if he has any reliable data on which to
form an estimate of the actual cost of the telegraph
as proposed by the bill?
- Mr. WILSON. I will state very briefly to the
Senate the information I have in regard to the
matter. Some weeks ago, the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Douglas] presented the petition of Mr.
O'Reilly and his associates, proposing to build a
telegraph from the Missouri river to the army in
Utah. They estimate that it can be built, from
the Missouri river to where the army is, between !
one thousand and eleven hundred miles, for from i
three hundred and fifty thousand to five hundred j
thousand dollars. They say they can lay down !
this telegraph under ground m one hundred days, j
so that within that time we can be connected with I
the army. The substitute proposes to build a tel- j
egraph from the Missouri river to Salt Lake, a dis- !
tance of about twelve hundred miles, and appro-
priates a sum not to exeeed $500,000, or in that
proportion for any portion of the route. This
limits it, so that the $500,000 shall cover the en-
tire expenditure to Salt Lake; and it cannot cost
more than in that proportion as far as it may be
constructed. It is, in effect, a limitation upon the
original bill, and as such, I take it, will meet with
the approbation of the Senator from North Car-
olina and every other Senator.
The parties, in their original petition, say they
can complete this telegraph to Salt Lake in one
hundred days; that they can put it underground
where they think it will be safe. The substitute,
however, provides that the Secretary of War can
make a contract with any parties. It does not
limit him to a contract with the original petition-
ers, but leaves him at liberty to make a contract
with any persons in the country. The Secretary
of War was written to in regard to this matter.
In his annual report in the early part of the ses-
sion, he advocated the establishment of a line of
telegraph to the Pacific ocean, and said:
" A line of stockade posts upon two of these routes would
not require a very large force to maintain them, and if placed
at propei distances apart, would furnish certain mean1? of a
safe and rapid transportation of the mails, and perfect pro-
tection to a telegraph line from one ocean to the other,which
latter object would, in itself, be worth far more to the coun-
try than the cost of the posts, and the expense of maintain-
ing them."
The committee to whom this petition was re-
ferred, called on the Secretary of War for his
opinions in regard to the prayer of the petition,
and in answer to the committee, the Secretary of
War says:
" The advantage which the Government would derive
from a line of telegraphic communication, in successful
operation from Fort Laramie, and beyond that point, cannot
well be ovei estimated. Such a line can be laid down at a
comparatively small cost, with groat expedition, and in such
a manner as to secure it, in a great measure, against the
dangei of any intenuption from the Indians along the route ;
and, if once constructed and established, it could, at amod-
eiate co-t, bo kept up
(e Desirable as this enterprise would be at all times, as a
means of transmitting intelligence, it ri<es, under the pres-
ent state of things, to an linpoitance that can seaieely be
over estimated I cannot expiess too stiongly my hish esti-
mation of its great value to the public service, and recom-
mend it earnestly to the favorable consideration oi your
honorable committee."
In accordance with the recommendation of
the Secretary of War, the committee ordered the
bill to be reported to the Senate; and it is now be-
fore us. I have moved the substitute for the bill
which puts limitations upon it, and I think makes
a marked improvement m it, which I hope will
meet the approbation of all Senators.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, 1 think, has omitted to state one other dif-
ference between the origmaj bill and his substi-
tute, which in my judgment renders the substitute
very much more desirable. The bill as it was ori-
ginally reported, provided that the Secretary of
War should contract for the use of the American
electrico-magnctic telegraph. That telegraph is
used by one particular company; and the Secre-
tary of War would, by the terms of the original
bill, have been confined expressly in his contract
to that company. The substitute provides that
he may contract for any electric telegraph, leav-
ing the matter open to competition by ali, and
lessening the cost of the work, which must neces-
sarily be the case, where competition arises be-
tween. the various companies. That difference,
I think, renders th£ substitute much more desira- :
ble than the original bill. i
Mr. BIGGS. If I understand the Senator from j
Massachusetts correctly in the explanation he has ^
given of his substitute, it is, in substance, an ap-
propriation of $500,000 to construct a telegraph
from the Missouri river to Salt Lake City. That
is contemplated as the amount that the work will, |,
in all probability, cost. That sum_ is to be ex- ,j
ponded on the work; and the work is to be done <
m one hundred days. It is believed by these tel- i'
egraph men, that in one hundred days they can
expend $500,000 in laying down a telegraphic line
from the Missouri river, a distance of twelve hun-
dred miles. If it is to communicate with the army
in Utah, it certainly should be done expeditiously;
and we are told it can be done in one hundred
days. Then these parties are to put down a
telegraphic line for twelve hundred miles, and
we are to pay them out of the public Treasury
§500,000, which, if I understand the matter cor-
rectly, is at any rate as much as the whole cost
of putting down the line; and then, after it is con-
structed, if we do not need it any longer for the
purposes of the army in Utah, these parties are
to have the use of it on such terms as may be
agreed upon between the War Department and
the telegraph operators. The substance of it then
is, that we are called upon to expend out of the
public Treasury §500,000 to construct a telegraph
line that may be needed two months, or one
month, or twenty days, and as soon as it is in
operation, and the Government does not need it,
we are to give itaway. We are to expend $500,000
on this work, and when it is completed, we are to
give it away. That is the proposition before the
Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. It is due to the Committee on
Military Affairs to state the facts connected with
the report of this bill to the Senate. When the
memorial of these parties was referred to the com-
mittee, we addressed the Secretary of War on the
subject, and asked his opinion as to the propriety
ana policy of this measure. When his answer
was received, the question was taken up in com-
mittee, with six members present, the chairman
being sick and unable to attend. The committee
were equally divided upon this bill. Three of
them were opposed to it. I was one of that num-
ber; and the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. John-
son] and the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Frrz-
patrick] agreed with me. The other three mem-
bers of the committee were in favor of the bill. As
a matter of courtesy, although those of us who
opposed it might have defeated the bill in com-
mittee, we consented that it might be reported to
the Senate, in order that the sense of the Senate
might be had upon the question. Although we
were decidedly opposed to the bill, and our neg-
ative votes would have prevented its being re-
ported to the Senate, we did not consider it fair,
on a question of so much importance as this, to
prevent the bill being brought into the Senate; but
we were willing that this body should have an
opportunity of deciding it upon its merits. We
therefore yielded our objection, and consented
that the bill might be reported.
But, sir, the olojection which 1 entertained in the
committee to the passage of this bill, has not been
diminished by time and reflection* The bill is one
of importance, involving the expenditure of a large
amount of money; and I fear that the temper of the
: Senate is not such as to listen to any debate on a
i question of this kind now; and I doubt very much
whether it will be distinctly understood. I shall
proceed, however, briefly to state the reasons why
I cannot support the bill.
The proposition is that the Secretary of War
shall be authorized to enter into a contract for a
sum not exceeding half a million of dollars, to put
down a line of telegraph from some point on the
confines of Missouri or Iowa to Salt Lake City.
The object to be accomplished is to facilitate com-
munication with the army in Utah, during its
operations in thatTerritory. As the Senator from
North Carolina has very properly remarked, it
may be that in less than twenty days from the
time this telegraph is completed, the Government
may have no earthly use for it. Indeed, I do not
anticipate that the Government will have any use
for it at any time. These parties say they can
put down the wire in one hundred days; but what
guarantee have we that it will be performed in
that time? Certainly, if they can put down this
wire, which, of itself, is a very unimportant thing,
so far as the cost is concerned, with such force as
they can work with in a hundred days, half a
million of dollars is ten times the value of the un-
dertaking. Not more than six or eight or a dozen
persons can woik at it; and if they put the wire
under ground they will go along with half a dozen
or a dozen men with shovels, digging up the
ground, and dropping into it the wire, by a car-
riage and reel. It may be a rapid work, and
doubtlesu it is a rapid process: It may be that
